This was the first pho restaurant I knew of and went to in my younger days so I know that they've been around longer than the popular Vietnamese restaurants that have opened within these past few years. Their food is still just as good and even better than some of their competition now. The location is not ideal because it's in the hood mingled amongst neighborhood houses, but once you're inside, the casual restaurant is authentically decorated with Asian and Vietnamese decor with a laid back atmosphere. You wouldn't know that you're in the inner city if you materialized in the restaurant.   They offer takeout or if you're dining in, you seat yourself and grab a drink from the front cooler if you want something other than hot jasmine tea that's brought out by the server. It's a medium sized dining area and there's another section in the back with additional seating.  There's everything you need on the tables to dress your pho - oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar, black pepper, hot oil, Sriracha sauce, chopsticks, and soup spoons. The dishes are under $10 and they offer different variations of pho, grilled pork, banh mi sandwiches and stir fry dishes. I ordered my usual dishes when I crave Vietnamese - special pho or the grilled pork chop dish.  This day I ordered for the both of us so I was lucky to enjoy both! The grilled pork chop dish includes shredded pork, a fried egg, steamed rice and some fresh vegetables with a side of fish sauce. The pork bursted with flavors of Asian BBQ spices and was very tender, even though I thought the pork had a little more fat than usual. The special pho is a combo of beef flank, beef tendon meatballs, and rare beef. I think this is the best broth I've tasted so far. The beef broth is seasoned very well without having to add anything. The savory broth with a hint of sweetness was perfect! I would've liked more noodles and I've been to other places that add more types of meat in their pho special combo dish.   We also ordered some fresh spring rolls that included shrimp, beef, vermicelli noodles, and lettuce with a side of brown dipping sauce topped with crushed peanuts. It has a similar flavor to oyster sauce, but less salty and it was a little more watery than I like. My avocado milkshake was made with fresh avocados and delicious.  It may not sound good, but it's sweetened just enough with a consistency of an ice cream milkshake. Coming here brought back some good memories and reminded me of why they're still around - their flavors are tasty!
The best Pho in Rochester! Authentic Vietnamese cuisine there is no fusion here! Strictly Vietnamese!   Very affordable! Howver one thing the location is what you would say in the nice part of the city, but you won't be disappointed with the food!
Revamping the review now that I'm better at writing them : 3.5 out of 5 (rounded up to 4) Let me start off by saying this place is in the ghetto. Like, no, really. The ghetto. That parts of the city you hate driving in. Jay street, and all that area. Otis St to be exact. Right across from a convenience store with what I think is a drug dealer who keeps walking up to cars that pull up to the curb. Definitely not where I want to go or be... But I ended up here anyways. The outside area looks like trash, but the building itself isn't bad. You walk in to a cozy little area with a register and a dining area to the left as well as a drink refrigerator. Once you sit down whoever is behind the counter will take your order. I highly recommend the Pho here, as it is pretty damn good, and 2nd only to Pho Viet. Once they bring out your food you are on your own. You'll need to get up and go to the counter if you want more water, need a to-go container, want to pay, or anything. So there is very limited service. The food is all fresh, and the broth they use is tasty The Pho is VERY inexpensive and you can get a large for about 6-7 dollars and take some home. The tea is good also (Not my favorite but it's still very good). I'd also recommend their Durian Milkshake if you're into those. Pros : + Good food (Better than SEA, not quite as good as Pho Viet) + Very cheap for what you get + Friendly staff + Clean Cons : - No service after they bring you your food - Ghetto... I don't feel comfortable eating here for too long out of worry for my vehicle.
I live Vietnamese food, and definitely miss it since coming to Rochester. This place is definitely in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood, but the best ones usually are (shout-out to the no-name, cash only place in West Philly!). I had the fresh spring rolls and the avocado smoothie. Both were good, but the smoothie was good enough to warrent the drive there all by itself!
My go-to place for pho in Rochester. Granted the only other place I've had pho in Rochester is SEA, I've never needed to go anywhere else after eating at Pho Duong Dong. Their pho satisfies my cravings and I pretty much crave pho on a weekly basis. I get my usual extra-large pho with rare beef and brisket. As other reviewers have mentioned, the portions at PDD are huge and ordering an XL is normally unthinkable. However, I have a pretty good appetite and whenever I go to PDD, I'm ready to eat.   Pho is pretty personal. Some like it sweeter, some saltier, others meatier. It's hard for me to really describe the broth.  My palate isn't refined enough to distinguish Star anise and I have never noticed the cinnamon.  All I can say that it's perfect for me.  Not overly meaty, salty or sweet. The other thing I like about PDD is the generous amount of condiments they give you. Two big handfuls of bean sprouts, limes, jalapeño peppers and small chilies. I'm pretty much able to customize it to my liking. Besides the pho, there's also a wide selection of rice dishes and Bahn mi to satisfy your other cravings. The fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce  are just alright, pretty simple and I would probably not order again. I do enjoy their fried spring rolls, which can be individually ordered. Their shakes are also surprisingly good.  I've had the avocado shake multiple times. The waiters are polite and take your order quickly. The food also comes out quickly, so the service is pretty consistent. Everything is reasonably priced. A lot of people seem to have issues with the decor of the restaurant, but I find it to be spacious, clean and comfortable. A little dated maybe, but pretty typical for a pho restaurant I would say. The big screen tv is a bonus for me, as I usually find myself catching up on sports while I'm eating. I do agree that the location of the restaurant itself is a little "sketch". On Otis and Lyell Avenue, it is situated in the middle of what I would describe as lower income housing and across from a local bar. A lot of the times people are just hanging out on the corner.  So for people who are weary of exploring new  urban neighborhoods, I would just like to remind you that this isn't in Brighton or Pittsford. With that said, I've never had any issues. They have a small parking lot but sometimes you may have to park on the street if it's busy. The neighborhood probably isn't as bad as I think it is. Even though SEA is closer and more convenient for me, I still find myself driving to PDD almost on a weekly basis and I think that says a lot. It will probably remain as my go-to place for pho as long as I'm in Rochester. I urge everyone who likes Vietnamese food to check it out, you won't be disappointed.
This place is Pho-Real :) Most authentic place I know, and I really enjoy the Pho. Plus it's always fun to eat in the ghetto. I try to get here a couple times a year to get my Vietnamese food fix. Qualifies for a true "Adventure Eating" spot for those seeking something new and different.
Today, three friends and I went to Pho Duong Dong for the first time.  The restaurant was about half full and we were seated right away.   We each ordered a bowl of pho and decided to split up two banh mi's, pork dumplings and fried spring rolls.  My friends chose the avocado shakes, but being allergic to avocado I went with strawberry.  I was going to have the dreaded durian shake but chickened out at the last second.  A few fun facts about durian: in some southeast Asian cities, durian is not allowed in hotels or public transportation, the fat bald guy on Travel channel that smiles as he eats tarantulas and dung beetles spit out durian.  So you can see why I might be hesitant to try.  Next time.   Our pho came out immediately. One sip of the delicious broth and there was no question this was the best pho I have ever had.  Normally I add a lot sriracha and some hoisin if in the right mood, but not this time.  It was incredible.  My banh mi was next to arrive and to my surprise the roll was served warm.  The roll was perfectly crunchy on the outside and amazingly soft and fluffy on the inside.  The daikon, carrot and cilantro slaw had a nice crunch and was very refreshing.  There must have been some chile in the slaw as well.  The meat and pate were more mild and less funky than other banh mis I have had.  Very nice sandwich.   The spring rolls and Vietnamese dumplings were last to arrive.  The spring rolls were pretty good, but not memorable.  The dumplings were an experience.  I have never had anything so chewy.  I was really worried that I would choke if I tried to swallow it, so I chewed and chewed and hoped for the best.  I've never had Vietnamese style dumplings before so I'm not sure if they are supposed to be like that, but I really did not enjoy it. Décor, atmosphere and service are not Pho Duong Dong's strong suit.  They do a lot of takeout business and the dine in experience is a sort of self-serve with napkins, chopsticks and spoons in a dispenser on the table.  With great Vietnamese food and cheap prices I can forgive Pho Duong Dong for the friendly but relaxed style of service.
Up and down Banh mi at Pho Duong Dong over the past year or so I've been going there. They use a decent selection of cold cuts but the rolls have been seriously hit and miss. A bit of an odd sweet flavor and usually a touch too much mayo for my tastes but their standard toppings are solid. I had their pho takeout a couple of times a while back and enjoyed it. Can't say I remember too much about it but the meatballs were good and they separated all the other items on the side to stay fresh which was a nice touch. It is in a bit of an iffy neighborhood so keep that in mind.
Every time my wife and I go out for Pho we always end up back at this place. We have tried other places but we like this restaurant the most. They have the best spring rolls around with pork inside. The only down fall and the reason why I give this place 3 starts and not 5, is most of the Pho you order doesn't have much meat. Most of the time you get more broth and hardly any meat or noodles. You will be lucky to get 5 pieces of meat in a large bowl. Most of their Pho is really watered down now and doesn't have hardly anything in there. Even my friends that live in Washington now that came back to Rochester to visit commented and asked where the seafood was in their Pho. Not sure if they are trying to save more money or not. This is something I have noticed the past year or so. It was never like that before.
James M. and I came here today after a long afternoon of pig face butchering and brain eating. The fried meat Vaseline (aka pig brain) left a bad taste in our mouths, literally, and we decided the only way to get rid of the lingering flavor and related trauma was to devour a giant bowl of cheap, delicious pho. We swung by my place to pick up my girlfriend and ventured over to Otis Street. I wasn't aware that Pho Duong Dong was in the middle of nowhere in a part of the city that I didn't even know existed, and I was glad James was driving, because my stereotypically Asian sense of direction would not have been able to get us back home, and the tires probably would have been removed from my car. The man that greeted us spoke English fluently and we were able to choose from the multitude of tables that were available at 5:30pm on a Saturday. The interior of Pho Duong Dong was a lot nicer than I expected, based on the rochesterfoodnet.com piece from a while back. It was surprisingly clean, considering all the pho slurping that goes on there and decor was bright and flowery. My only criticism was the large, blaring television in the middle of the room that frequently distracted me from my dining companions, but I assume a lot of people come here by themselves and enjoy watching TV while they eat, so I guess it's okay. We started off with a complimentary pot of tea, which is always a sign of a quality Asian restaurant. The drink menu was extensive, but after first considering the iced soda with condensed milk and egg yolk and the ca phe sua da (iced coffee with condensed milk), I decided on the Dua Xiem (young coconut drink). I was thinking it would be a blended coconut smoothie, like the one at Lee's, but it turned out to be fresh young coconut juice with a slightly pink hue and tender coconut shavings at the bottom. It's probably the best coconut water/juice/drink I've ever tasted, and that includes drinking coconut juice straight out of a young coconut. The man working said it was a coconut juice product with an extremely short shelf life that they served because it tasted much better than canned coconut water. It was sweet and refreshing, and I could have easily downed 4 or 5 more. I also sampled my girlfriend's avocado milk shake and James's jack fruit milkshake and both were equally fantastic. I don't think you can lose with any of the drinks served here. For my meal, I ordered a large #1 pho (rare beef, tendon, and tripe) after finding out that the Dac Biet (#2) contained well-done flank, meatball, and tripe. I was in the mood for some tendon, and boy, did I get it. The large pho was ENORMOUS. I saw an extra large at the table next to us and I thought to myself that someone could bathe a young child in the bowl if they wanted to, but it would probably make the pho taste gross. I was absolutely starving and still couldn't finish all of my large. I'd probably order a medium next time. The broth was excellent. In contrast to previous reviews, I didn't think there was too much cinnamon, nor was there too much salt, or too much of anything, for that matter. It was perfectly rich and meaty, with the perfect amount of cinnamon and star anise to add depth, and rock sugar for a touch of sweetness. The woman behind us put additional sugar on hers, which I thought was bizarre, but I tried it and it was actually pretty good. The bean sprouts on the accompanying plate were amazingly fresh, as were the herbs and the chili peppers also provided. They even included a few, face-burning bird's beak chilis for those who enjoy indigestion and feelings of regret. The meat was all well-prepared and the tripe was some of the best tripe I've had. The "wet dog taste" typically associated with tripe was absent and all that remained was delightfully crunchy bits of spongy tripe, saturated in that flavorful beef broth. The rare meat was also good, though by the time I got to it, it was more like medium well beef. The chunks of tendon were humongous and their size would be the only thing I would change about this meal. I prefer my tendon on the more manageable side (thin or small), and I felt these pieces, though very tender, filled up my entire mouth with gooey, gelatinous meat jelly. Maybe it was too close to the mouth-feel of the pig's brain I had consumed earlier in the day. Either way, I would have preferred smaller pieces of tendon. My girlfriend Hue's Beef Noodle Soup, which featured an even richer broth (more like stock), thicker noodles, and braised beef, was also excellent. I also think there was some chili oil floating on top for spice. None of us were able to finish our entire bowl and we all left completely stuffed. Ten bucks per person isn't bad for the best pho and coconut drink in Rochester.
This is a good place to get authentic Vietnamese cuisine at a cheap price. I only have two complaints. They are closed on random days, which can be frustrating...especially when you drive all the way over there and find that it's closed! My other complaint is that the house sauce for the vermicelli noodles isn't that great compared to some of the other places I have eaten at. But all in all, it's a pretty good place to eat and the staff is very friendly.
If you are Vietnamese and looking for authentic dishes like Bun Bo Hue, Bun Mam, or Bun Mang Vit, I think this is the only place in Rochester where you can find. The taste is not very good, but it's acceptable since you can't find better ones in Rochester. I don't know if the chef accidentally put too much cinnamon in Pho on the day that I came or this is how their Pho normally tastes like. That day, the only thing I could smell from Pho was cinnamon. The good Pho is supposed to be sophisticated to the point that you should not be able to tell that they have herbs in there. The taste is average. I have the feeling that there is a lot of MSG in their dish. For these two reasons, I prefer Pho from SEA restaurant way better. But I will come back to this restaurant for other authentic dishes that SEA restaurant does not have.
The pho was terrible. We took two bites and ended up drawing on the rest of our food with the pho sauce and siracha, then taking photos of it. If it were up to me, we wouldn't have paid for the terrible meal that tasted like sewer water and mush. Upon paying, we didn't leave a tip. The waitress ended up writing her own tip in, making our bill $3 more than it was supposed to be! So shady. Do not go here. People who work here don't put the effort into their job and expect to be rewarded for it, and when they don't get rewarded they make their own reward by stealing, writing their own tips into the credit card slip, which to me is commiting a crime. Terrible food. Terrible service. Terrible people. Would not go back here if they paid me to eat their stuff.
We were the only folks in there, it was clean and the t.v. was on but not loud. Rare beef n well done beef pho was well flavored. Stir fried clear noodle with vegetable and chicken, was delicious. Fresh spring roll, ehhh I wasn't a fan of the sliced pork within. They have an ad up to sell the business. Service was friendly. We did have to speak up to get the bill and head out, the location may turn off some visitors.
Pho #11- you can't go wrong. This place is in the ghetto, but it's worth the trip. I tried the avocado shake and it was surprisingly sweet. Definitely worth trying once.
They had the shortest menu I've ever seen at a sit-down Vietnamese restaurant.  Not that this was a bad thing; the veg options were very limited so I indulged in rice noodle soup sans meat (how boring) and a Vietnamese coffee. The broth wasn't bad.  I agree with Huong V.  - way too much cinnamon.  It was a nice change from the ordinary but I wouldn't want come here for my pho cravings because of it.  I could tell it would have been better with the addition of meat but I didn't deem it worth the raging vegetarian guilt it would have brought on.  The plate of alfalfa sprouts was fresh and I'm happy to report that they included a real lime (for awhile in CA they were using lemon wedges bc of costs; ridiculous) and a nice little pepper in addition to the regular sliced jalapenos.  My bowl of soup was generous and quite cheap.   Service was very hands off which I like during an early lunch.  I ended up feeling like a fatty with a P90X informercial playing in the background for the majority of my meal.  Phrases like "muscle confusion" and "bring it" are now taking up precious brain space.   I'd certainly come back if in the area but given the neighborhood and the trek from my apartment, it's not likely.
I finally got a chance to have lunch at this place, and frankly, I don't see what the big deal is. Since I'm often criticized for my negativity, let me get all the negatives out of the way first: 1) The neighborhood is an awful ghetto,complete with 'urban yoots' hanging around street corners selling god-knows-what. I wouldn't enter this neighborhood after dark even if I had a heroin habit and couldn't find smack anyplace else in town! 2) Like most Viet restaurants, the decor is awful, the seats are hard, and the service is slow. 3) If I had to listen to one more of those awful Vietnamese music videos, I swear, I was going to smash that flatscreen TV to bits!! Now, about the food: The pho was nice, a bit weak, but a good amount for the price. I would probably rate it as lesser than the pho at Dac Hoa or Ming's 2, but better than SEA (and much better than Mamasan's). In the end, though, the only reason i can see for going there is because you are stuck on the west side, and want pho for lunch. Going into this slum at night would be risky, IMO.(I hope they deliver, because I'm starting a job on the west side next week.) BTW, it seems that Lee's offers Bun Bo Hue too, but only on Saturday.
This is the first and only place I go to for viet food in Rochester. And honestly, the pho is just FANTASTIC. The price is ridiculous for the pho sizes...my boyfriend and I always get the extra large bowl (~6.50) and we can share that perfectly and get full from that. Sometimes they don't put enough meat in the pho, but other than that, the taste is great! What is also worth trying is...the vietnamese sub, it really is soooo good and delicous :) and good for trying something new. Their meat and rice platters are also extremely good as well. All in all, a great place to eat and nice waiters as well. The food never takes too long either. :)
An update to my previous review. I used to enjoy PDD. The most recent trip I took there has put me off. One server for the entire cold dining room. We weren't even greeted and given menus until 10 minutes into just sitting there. When our orders were finally taken, it was about 25-30 minutes before the server came back and said they were out of one of the menu items I had ordered. He also had neglected to bring me the coffee I'd ordered a half hour before. Not apologetic when I mentioned it either - just a "oh it's coming" with a wave of his hand. The pho itself had shrunk in comparison to last time I'd been there -- for the same price at SEA, you get lots more noodles and lots more beef. I've always thought that PDD's pho was better than is SEA, but recently this hasn't been the case. Our plates weren't cleared and we had to prompt the closing of our check by going up to the counter at the front. I'm not sure how they could have done a better job of saying, "We couldn't care less that you're here." Even if a restaurant is busy, they shouldn't be operating this way. Oh, PDD. Why??.....
I love this place. It is definitely the best and closest to authentic Vietnamese food around Rochester area. I love love love their spring roll and Bun Bo Hue. Their Pho is pretty good and other dishes pretty good as well. Their price can't be beat. Bring cash since they take credit card with the minimum of  $15 USD The con of this place is beware if you are going on Sat or Sun because they always run out of spring roll or other dish. I would call before to make sure they have what you want to order. I was born and raise in Vietnam so it take a lot to impress me when it come to Vietnamese food and I LOVE this place. I gave it four stars because of their constant running out of food on Sat and Sunday. Happy Eating
This is the best pho restaurant in Rochester and it is in its crappiest neighborhood.  The homes in the area look like crack dens and you can't help but think the chemical smell in the air is from the meth cooking and not the kodak plant that is down the street.  I read once of a survey done where if something that belonged to you dropped in a steaming pile of shit, well what objects could you be willing to go elbow deep to retrieve from that steaming pile?  The survey had people's iphones at the top of the list.  This restaurant is like that iphone.  If you hunger for a really good bowl of pho or home-style vietnamese like a bun bo hue or com-style-rice-dish, this is the only game in town.  Rolls your sleeves.  You can finish your meal in 20 minutes.  Clean up in the bathroom and get away to come back when the hunger returns for another day.
I've been back a few times and PDD has been the good every time.
The best pho I have ever tried, albeit, I have only have pho at three other restaurants but I was really impressed with their Vietnamese soup.  Normally I put a decent amount of sriracha in my pho to spice things up but both times I have visited Pho Duong Dong I have felt that the pho was perfect just the way it was served, plus it is fairly cheap and they have large portions.
It's very hard to imagine this restaurant is doing business in such a 'ghetto' neighborhood of rochester, ny. Honestly, I would never drove to the surrounding area if I'm not going for food. For some reason the parking lot was full but the rest. is not even half full....so get to ready to find parking on street on a busy day... Medium beef noodle soup (pho duc biet) $5.8.... very reasonable price, taste good, authentic. Great for casual lunch. Will definitely revisit.
Delicious, no-frills, cheap food. Some of the most authentic pho I have ever had and incredible bun. Service is so-so and you may have to ask for more water, but for what you pay ($5.50 for a large bowl of pho, if I recall correctly), it's okay with me. The location has never been an issue - it's not in the most picturesque neighborhood but I've never felt unsafe. Not a big deal, people. I just wish they were open on Monday or Tuesday - those are the days I have off!
