Love California Rollin'!!!  It's the perfect 'compromise,' sushi place if you're dining w/ relatively picky eaters who wouldn't normally like sushi/sushi lovers like me.  Sure, if it were my choice I'd probably rather go to Shema, but California Rollin' has good Americanized rolls, cheap drink specials every night (really like the Japanese plum beer) and great price deal w/ their gift certificate program they do at the Goodman location that usually takes $10 off my bill every time when I use cash.   Service sucks, ngl.  Oblivious servers who are more focused on the scribbles on the ordering sheet than your general experience.  I usually sit at the bar bc I'm chatty and I really like the sushi chefs here, they're hilarious and if I'm there later in the evening,  they'll give me a freebie roll or two before they start packing everything away for the night.   As far as rolls go, really big fan of the hamachi maki roll -  yellowtail, scallions, fresh squeeze of lemon.  Refreshing, simple.   Crab rangoon roll is hardly sushi but it's delish.  I recommend getting one of the chef's specials of the night, they can get kind of crazy and creative, think I had something w/ fried soft shell, eel, jalapenos, sriracha and coconut last week?  Kind of wtf with a lot of their stuff, but some of it works!
The good: the sushi is ridiculously good. Go for the flame out roll if you like spicy and fried! Try the dessert too and the plum brew is yum! The bad: almost everytime I've went (about ~20) I've gotten awful service. It does get super busy around dinner time, but the waiters constantly have forgotten about me and get my order wrong. Doesn't seem like they keep the service around long either.
The Good: The price is often right with this place and I'm okay with their overly Americanized california brand of sushi now and again The Bad: The service sucks. Part of it is they sold their souls to the deal of the day sites and couldn't handle the volume, but it's also pretty obvious that management isn't very customer oriented either. Times Gone: 10 I usually Order: Lots of fish for two
California Rollin was really disappointing.  I had been with some friends before, but only drank some wine while they ate sushi, and I thought it didn't look half bad, so decided to come back and try it out. California Rollin serves terrible sushi.  It is not well rolled, not well portioned (where was my avocado and fish in some pieces?  Lots of fillers!), and my raw fish was warm.  Talk about unappetizing. I can't figure out how this places stays in business, but it was pretty busy for a Wednesday night, and I think their high prices and non-traditional rolls probably keep them going.  If you're looking for authentic sushi, this is not the place for you.
I'd really say this place deserves about 1.5 stars, but it just couldn't get the benefit of the doubt.  Ordered takeout for lunch while working nearby, and 20 minutes later swung by very excited by the menu descriptions and keen to sample some of the unique flavour combinations.  Well...the difference between expectation and execution ended up being a massive gulf. The spicy shrimp pizza...great concept.  Upon opening the box, it looked a little...overdone, but I figured I'd give it a shot.  Stale and over-toasted bread covered with pureed shrimp and cream cheese and "hot" sauce drizzled on top.  Not great, but maybe the best part of the meal. The pisces roll and deluxe spicy tuna (bacon, cream cheese, jalapeño, and garlic just sounded like a cool idea) were the real letdown.  The inside-out rolls were squashed in the box and wound up clumped together, and the rice didn't seem of great quality.  Each bite just exuded a metallic taste that I couldn't pin down, and the fish had this just-above-room-temperature warmth that lent a strange consistency to the rolls.  This was definitely how the kitchen put them out, as I arrived well before my order was ready to be picked up.  Had it not been take-out, I'd have demanded new food.  As it was, I dejectedly considered it a step towards dieting. Maybe I've been spoiled by amazing sushi in NYC, LA, and elsewhere.  Maybe the quality of the fish and the preparation here just left a LOT to be desired.  In either case, I cannot imagine ever going back.
Disgusting.  Unprofessional.  Slow.  Inconsiderate. Disorganized.  Subpar.   There aren't enough negative words in the English language to describe our experience at California Rollin'. Do yourself a favor and walk 40 feet over to the Gate House.  You won't regret it. Where do I begin?  There was an empty table on the deck.  It took 15 minutes to clear it so we could sit there.  Not a good start.  We ordered, then an hour and a half went by and we didn't have our food.  WHAT IS THAT? 90+minutes. It says it takes 30 - 60 minutes to get your food right on the menu - WHO NEEDS TO WRITE THAT ON A MENU?? HIRE MORE CHEFS!  That is 100% unacceptable.  About an hour and 20 minutes into our visit, we asked the server what the problem was and asked to speak with a manager.  About 15 minutes later, a different server came out with our food. Being a Very Vegetarian, I ordered an avocado roll.  An avocado roll has exactly 1 ingredient in it - avocado.  My food was brown, mushy, and slimy.  If you have 1 ingredient in your menu item, it had better be fresh.  That is not asking too much.  And after waiting for the amount of time we waited, I wasn't about to send it back and wait another 40 minutes for a new plate.  It was disgusting. As we went in to pay, I asked the woman who brough our food to speak with a manager again, since no one came to speak with us earlier.  She said she was a manager - that's why she brought our food.  Uhh. What?  I pointed out that she didn't announcer herself as manager, she didn't ask how she could help to fix the problem.  She brought food.  We thought she was a server.  That is neither appropriate nor professional. I showed her a picture of my disgusting food and she agreed that it was unacceptable and offered to "talk to the kitchen about the avocados".   The "manager" told us that our card had been swiped and we coudn't adjust our bill, so we didn't get any kind of compensation for this wretched experience.  I have been calling the head manager for 2 days to discuss this and I haven't heard back.  I have a feeling that I won't.   I have seen them on Groupon and Living Social many times.  Give your gift certificate to someone (that you hate?) at work.   As I said, walk down the hall to the Village Gate. You'll get great food, good service, and even if the line is longer, you'll get your food faster.
This is my THIRD UPDATE. HELLO OWNERS! You should pay attention to what people are saying on review sites. The number 1 complaint is your HORRIBLE SERVICE. Every time. Every time I go to either locations, the service is AWFUL. They don't ask if you need a refill for water or let alone alcohol. They take your order and then you don't see them until your food is ready. Which at that point, they should ask about drinks orders again. But then you wait 20 minutes to get the bill. I even ordered another drink and they never brought it to me. Do they not want to make money? I just want them to get it together but they keep disappointing me. This past weekend, I was willing to give them one more chance but again, the service was just so awful that I can't ever justify going to this restaurant again. Everyone, save your money and time and go to ANY other sushi place in Rochester because I guarantee, you'll get better service. McDonalds give you better service.
I'd honestly say the sushi here isn't bad at all, I choose to go to the chili location and I haven't been too disappointed :) the rolls usually come out within 20 minutes which isn't long and the people are friendly. Some downfalls are that when you receive your food the waitress always forgets to tell you which roll is which, which sucks for me since I hate anything spicy and that's all my boyfriend ever gets in his rolls. The other thing is the wooden blocks they serve your food on... The last time I went in they were noticeably soft with water rot and where really unattractive with our food laying on top :/
Back when California Rollin' was brand new when I was still in school, it was great.  There was nothing at all like it, the original sushi chefs were there, everyone was nice, everything was exciting, and it was a fantastic experience every visit.   Over the years, they opened a second location, sushi chefs moved on, wait staff changed, the newness died down, and with it so did the quality.  The quality of the fish and the knife cuts themselves dropped considerably.  Portion sizes as well while we're talking cons still. On top of the food quality going down, the wait staff has become disastrous as well.  On crowded nights, my table's been ignored, forgotten about, forced to wait 20+ minutes in between visits (including to take our orders), or the wait staff has just taken a very rude attitude towards us for no apparent reason. It seemed more like they hated working there more than anything else. So what's there to say?  I can't even call out a single good dish on the menu anymore.  The sushi is gross because the fish is gross and improperly cut and the wait staff is rude.  It still has a nice gimmick because there is nothing quite like it in Rochester with their twists on sushi, but the quality of everything completely lets it down. What used to be an amazing sushi place has become a place that's better off as forgotten.
This was my first time at a full out sushi bar. Over all I walked away content and blown away with my order choices. What I was not impressed with was the man that sat us. My husband, 3 littles (7, 8 & 9) and their godmother joined me for dinner. I went in with two kids first and when I told the "host" there were 6 of us he seemed very annoyed and said "I don't even know where to put you" they were not even half full and then suggested we sit at the bar.they ended up putting two tables together and setting the table but wouldn't let us sit yet. Then changed his mind bc "I wouldn't sit anyone else like that" we get to the table and waited for the rest of our party. He did not put out any kids menus but luckily our server brought one over. After that things were great, kids got 1 fish sticks and fries, 1 shrimp bowl & 1 crab bowl. Kids meals come with a drink and dessert and the bowls come with soup. The kids meals were 6.95 each and after realizing they were out of ice cream the girl substituted fried Oreos..... kids were in heaven! My husband and I ordered sushi for two it was 3 maki rolls and 20 pieces of nigeri- delicious, filling and enough to share with the rest of our group!  Godmother got a vegetable roll and loved it. We really enjoyed our food, the rest of the staff was attentive and the atmosphere was very cool. The menu says the wait for food is 30 mins to 1 hr and our food came more towards the late end of that but they did bring the kids food first. The bill came and before the tip it came to $72.38. Over all it was worth the price and the food was great, my husband and I both LOVED the smoked salmon.
Probably the worse sushi place I have been to. The service was atrocious, half of the things we ordered never made it to the table! The rolls were made by amateurs and I am pretty sure my 8 year ild could roll them better!! This place is busy because of its great location, other than the location this place is a big NO NO!
Ugh... Ordered 3 different raw fish rolls and they tasted the same. The sushi was very under whelming. Nice atmosphere, but would not go here to fulfill a sushi craving. Wegmans sushi tastes much better than this.
I love coming here, and the new location is very nice (it is in the same building in Village Gate as the previous one). Certain times are always crazy with long wait times, but if you actually look at the schedule of specials it is obvious when those will be. Don't show up on Wednesday nights (all you can eat special) unless you are prepared to wait. Also, if you do have a long wait, feel free to wander a bit. There are a lot of little shops to explore, and even random art installations. However, if you come for lunch or early evening you can usually be seated with little or even no wait. Know that it is their policy not to seat you until your whole party arrives, that way people who are physically there aren't waiting to be seated after those who haven't yet shown up. You can always ask to sit at the bar, adjust your party number, or take your frustration out on the person who is actually late rather that the staff. The staff has always been polite to my friends and me. If something is forgotten they bring it quickly once reminded, and if a roll is made without an ingredient a brand new one is quickly brought for free (once a new chef forgot the cucumber, so I ended up with a Salmon Almondine with cucumber and one without for the price of one roll. It was pretty fantastic). They ask if we want our waters topped off, if we'd like more tea etc and when we are almost done they ask if we are ready to have our desserts put in. We've never had a problem keeping our orders separate, just ask for multiple tickets or code who gets what on one ticket (we've done Xs for one person and checkmarks for the other with no problems) just make sure you mention what that coding means. If you go make sure you save room for dessert!! The albino roll is incredible (Tempura roll full of raspberries and banana, covered in what I think is Nutella, with coconut shavings on top),  and the Tempura  Cheesecake comes with Tempura Oreos.
As much as I love sushi, I have little patience left for this place. Although the food has always been top notch, the service is as bad as the food is good. The servers are unapologetically forgetful and ignorant. They completely forgot to bring me a drink but then charged me for it. Be prepared to wait hours to eat on Wednesday's all you can eat special. The hostess may tell you fifteen minutes wait time but it could be an hour with no notice. It says quite a bit about a place if the food is wonderful but not worth dealing with the terrible service. I highly suggest takeout.
I'm not sure where to begin... this was just an meh dining experience. First off, I think the service was the biggest blow. Our server really didn't do much for us. It was a multitude of things like the nonchalant manner in which she approached serving, no smiles, no nonsense. It often felt like she forgot about us, walking by our booth on several occasions to help other tables as my friend sat for 20min without a wine or water refill. That was also about the time she disappeared. We had to flag down another server to get us a few things. She also never stopped back to ask how our meal was. It was just an all around letdown. I'm admitting that the only reason I came here was because my friend had a Groupon for $50. I suggested we go to another place, but she wanted to save a few bucks. The downside to all this is that she misread the fine print and it was $50 of food -- not including alcohol. So after we finished our meal, ready to pay, we had to order another round of three sushi rolls to-go, which meant more waiting and paying twice as much. Luckily, we hadn't seen each other in a while so it was good bonding time. Although, it was a boat load of food for two people. Thankfully, it didn't go to waste. My bf was coming home from a gig and hadn't eaten so that was his dinner. So, the actual sushi - not terrible, but not the best I've ever had. I've always felt that this place is for the non-sushi sushi eaters. Meaning, the people who want fun creative rolls and don't want to taste any fish. I personally like the raw stuff and want it fresh. This evening, I was hesitant to order raw sushi because I'd heard stories from people, many people, who've had terrible times at Cali Rollin' and I was nervous about my dining experience. So, I played it safe and ordered the Alaska Roll -- smoked salmon, cucumber & avocado. It was an ok-balance of smoky and fresh veggies, but the avocado was often non-existent in a few bites. My friend and I also shared the Spicy Shrimp Roll per her recommendation -- cooked shrimp with a creamy hot sauce. I got more of a cajun vibe than spicy Japanese flavors. All in all, Cali Rollin' is what it is. If you like coupons and flashy sushi rolls, you might enjoy this place, but I'll stick to the traditional in my raw fish adventures.
What a bust. I was debating between one and two stars, but they had free refills on soda, so they got the bump. I've been eyeing California Rollin' for a while, mostly because they have a portrait of Free Willy readily visible through their window to anyone going to one of the other restaurants in the Village Gate. We decided to check them out on a random Wednesday night, and our experience was definitely not great. When you walk in, it feels like a luau explosion with a graphic pastel ocean mural on the wall, pink parasols, and a bleached wood bar. I should have guessed that we weren't going to get great sushi when I saw there was a chicken finger roll on the menu, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt. We ordered a variety of vegetarian and raw fish options and they came to the table relatively quickly. I was a little surprised to see my Rainbow Roll had arrived without any fish on top of it as this is how I've always had this roll at other places; looking back at the menu though, I apparently got the right thing. I also ordered the Prism roll which looked more like I was expecting the Rainbow to, but the fish on top was poorly cut and the roll fell apart while I was eating it. The vegetarian roll was fine, but not particularly original, with their "infinite array of vegetables" actually being a finite five. What was most off-putting about the experience was that the wasabi was brown, and even worse, the rolls were not cold. Some of the raw rolls even bordered on the warm side; I don't think they let the rice cool enough. Hmm, no thanks... The menu was impressive in terms of its size and the variety of rolls, but in retrospect, I think that was the problem. They'd be better off limiting their options and serving good versions of what they do offer, rather than the sushi we got. The price is pretty high and the service wasn't great either. We will not be going back here again.
Summary: California Rollin' is a sushi restaurant with a modern twist.  Their menu features some common types of sushi as well as some unusual combinations of things not usually found in sushi, like Bacon, BBQ Sauce, and Garlic. Cost: While the fish might not be first class, it's still a bit costly.  The rolls are roughly $7-10 each with some of the large special rolls for $15 or so.  It was pretty easy to spend $30. Taste:  So I've had some sushi when I was in Japan, and I've had some around Rochester.  The fish isn't quality like fresh shops in Tokyo, but it seems on par with those of Rochester.  However, the true joy that I had while eating here is the eclectic menu of things such as the Dancing Diablo Roll, tempura'd with Rochester's own Dinosaur BBQ sauce.  The addition of bacon was delicious as well.  The rice was pretty on point and the vegetable ingredients were good.  Back to the fish, it's good, but not excellent.  But does it matter?  Bacon.  Check my photos for what I ordered. Atmosphere:  This seems to be the make-or-break for people here, huh?  I didn't go at a peak time.  I went at 1:45 PM on a Tuesday, and my lunch companion and I were one of 3 groups of people in the whole place.  Service was fast; we were seated immediately, checked upon every 5 minutes or so while ordering, and then delivered food about 15 / 20 minutes later.  The waitress was really chill and knew her stuff.  No complaints at all.  I can see where it'd be frustrating though if there was an hour wait or a delay in service, so I think we just came at a good time.  When we were leaving around 2:40 PM there was quite the crowd, and it seemed like it could have been a longer wait.  In terms of decor, it's a trendy place.  The lighting is greenish yet bright enough and crisp.  The art is reflective of the ocean.  There is a neat Chef Camera stationed above the chefs with TVs broadcasting the prep, something I've never seen before. Overall: I really enjoyed California Rollin'.  If you go expecting high quality fish and traditional sushi, you might find yourself disappointed.  If you go wanting a modern twist on sushi with menu items including honey mustard sauce or bacon, you may be pleasantly surprised.  I'd try to come off-hours to ensure quick service if possible, otherwise it seems like you may be in for a wait.  All in all, California Rollin' is interesting and unique enough, not to mention tasty, to earn 4 stars, but not quite the quality of fish you'd need to make it truly great sushi.  But does it really matter?  I for one don't know if I ever want to eat sushi without bacon again.
I've read a few of the reviews on here and think my experience is a little similar. My mother and I always come here before we go to see a play in Rochester. I think it's about 4 times a year. It is always crowded, and even when making a reservation, there is usually still a 30 min wait. One of the problems I've noticed is how much space the drink bar takes. I think they should take that out to add more tables. Not only can people not eat there, but it is also cash only. It seems like just a waste of space. I think the food is pretty good though. We usually order 4 rolls. Before you go, make sure you go on the website and find their Word Of The Day. Tell this to the waiter/waitress and you will get a free roll! This can't be used with a Groupon or gift card though, which is annoying. The waiter/waitress is usually hit-or-miss. There have been times when they are really on their game and other times, I never get my drink, even after asking a few times. If you aren't willing to be too adventurous with trying sushi, I would recommend this place because they have a lot of great different types!
This place really needs some help.   My friend and I stopped in for dinner the other night, and we were greeted with expressionless faces from everyone that works there.  We sat at the Sushi bar directly in front of one of the sushi "chefs", and he never even acknowledged us or even said a brief "hi".  There were 4 sushi chefs working that evening, and they all seemed bored to death, never smiled, and obviously didn't care one bit about their jobs.  They have a ridiculous tip jar in front of them filled with fives, which of course they put this cash in themselves. The 3 rolls we ordered were small, and were not fresh looking or tasting. The nigiri was very tiny, and on top of crumbling warm rice.  The waitress never cleared any of our dirty dishes or extra glasses, and just left them all there after giving us the bill.   The staff needs to be either fired, or properly trained in customer service.  They need to learn to smile, be engaging, be friendly, and get some basic training on server skills. Unfortunately, Rochester does not have a lot of choices for good sushi, so this place undeservedly remains busy. We will definitely not be back unless the place gets sold and is under new management.
Never again.....the 2 words that come into my mind every time I hear about California Rollin'. Not only is going to California Rollin' difficult due to wait times and parking but the food doesn't come close to measuring up to the general opinion of the Rochester public. I had been multiple times with friends that enjoyed their variety of rolls and wacky combinations but I had been nonplussed for a while. Getting overcharged (one of the pricier places in town) for less than mediocre flavor and quality with service that could stand to be improved makes for a combination worth avoiding. This reminds me of John's Tex-Mex as an establishment that delivers quantity over quality and is a perennial favorite around town. I can only speak for me that I won't be back again for any reason.
In the world of sushi, California Rollin' just doesn't do it for me. I paid $5.50 for a mediocre seaweed salad. The rolls range from $6-9. I got the Valerie- tempura shrimp, hot sauce, cream cheese, bacon, tomato and spinach... though... I could only really taste the shrimp and cream cheese. I liked all idea of all the different flavor combinations.... it just didn't end up tasting all that flavorful. Lots of beer, cocktail and wine. Accommodating of large parties. My main issue was service. Is the credit card machine working? No one knows. Is their a word of the day? Oh, it wasn't updated. Where's my beer? Oh, just wait ten minutes and after I remind the server, she brings the wrong kind. No wasabi and ginger with sushi? Whoops! It was just a cluster eff...and the food wasn't that great.
I have been to this location on numerous occasions and it's usually hit or miss with the visit. The food used to be amazing but the service was super slow, to the point where it was totally normal to be waiting longer than 90 minutes for your meal. Since they have moved to the new location, I feel the service pace has speed up but the quality has went down a bit. While the rolls have still tasted good, they tend to now fall apart when you pick them up. I love the way the new place looks, the upgrade presents a more polished look to the space. The giant fish tanks are really cool too.
I love california rollin' mainly because it's a hop, skip and a jump away from me.  The sushi chefs when they are not busy, are usually very fun and personable. However there is much to be said about the wait staff, they all SUCK. The service is horrible, my fiance and I wait 20 min for water and then the waitress did not even check on us until AFTER we were done eating our food. Its ridiculous and the only reason why I keep going is because my fiance is obsessed with the BBT and Crab Rangoon roll which are awesome. Get some better, and prettier waitresses you might have something here.
As the name implies, there is nothing Japanese about this place and it's all about the rolls. I went here a lot in college and tried most of the dozens of outlandish roll combinations. The nigiri and sashimi is nothing to write home about, so stick to what they do well. Unlike the specialty maki at most sushi bars, the combos at California Rollin actually work. Keep an open mind. Try the Atlantic Ocean roll (shrimp, garlic and bacon), TNT roll (tuna, tomato and Tabasco) and the Louisiana roll (crawdads in spicy Cajun sauce). I still dream of the Killer Eel roll: eel, avo, cream cheese, Japanese mayo and scallions. Carla roll is a flop: the combo of smoked salmon, raspberries and jalapeno held the promise of innovation, but it's actually kind of gross. Spank Me roll coated in wasabi tobiko is a serious exercise in masochism, and the deep-fried rolls are too heavy for me, though BBT roll (tempura tuna roll smothered in upstate's famous Dinosaur BBQ sauce) is always a crowd pleaser. The specials are fantastic. Wednesday night is $20 all you can eat maki, an amazing bargain that hasn't changed since I started college ten years ago (!). Thursday is dollar sake and Friday is dollar wasabi and plum beer. We rarely missed the awesome Sunday $12 special of any three rolls. Like the bizarre shopping mall that houses California Rollin, the staff is all alterna. Great place to be served by cute goth waitresses and punked out gay sushi chefs. It's also the only place I've ever seen a woman rolling sushi, which is apparently verboten in Japan.
I wish I had read the reviews here before going to this place. Despite making a reservation, they made us wait for an hour. Making people wait for an hour is a normal thing in this restaurant. Once we were seated, I ordered all of you can sushi platter and my wife ordered a separate entree. There was a certain item in my platter that I really liked and I wanted my wife to taste it as well. As soon as my wife ate a piece of sushi from my plate, one of my waitress (her name was Halle) came by our table and very rudely said, "You are not supposed to share. If I see her eating from your plate again, I will charge you for an extra plate." I do understand their policy and I can see why they have that in place. But I felt very insulted the way it was communicated to me. This is by far the most insulting experience that I have ever had in any restaurant.   It was my wife's birthday and the experience of eating out was totally ruined due to the bad service of this place. There is no way I will come back to this restaurant.
Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful meal, that started with a knucklehead who bought a Groupon deal. The hostess said to get a seat would be an hour wait, they had no idea they were in for a three hour date...a three hour date. I could go on...but this damn ADD... Anyway, I was said knucklehead who bought the Groupon.  I knew better.  I hadn't been to California Rollin' in ages, so I figured I would give them another chance.  Big mistake.  Lesson learned, never will happen again.  My prior impression of them had been that the rolls SOUND creative and delicious, but never deliver either in quality or taste.  That still applies, probably even more so than before. First off, we had a ridiculously long wait to get a seat. We were told 45 minutes, it ended up being well over an hour.  OK, understandable, and I can give them a pass on that.  So, we were seated, and after about 10 minutes a server comes over only to tell us she's not our server.  Hey, thanks for that.  Can you point the person who IS our server our way?  So, we finally put in a beer order - they were out of the one I wanted, great.  OK, no worries, I order a different beer.  This was followed by a ludicrous wait for our order.  No apologies offered from our (awful) waitress, who stood there talking to friends while I was sitting there during our long wait with an empty glass waiting for another beer. She saw us, made eye contact with us, I pushed my empty glass to the edge of the table...nothing.  She ignored us until we had to flag her down (something I think is rude and am loathe to resort to).  The wait for our food was over an hour, so by the time we received our food, we were well over the two hour mark, and were all starving.  When all was said and done, our meal took over three hours.  That is ridiculous.  There was one guy in the whole place who seemed actually concerned about customers and doing his job.  Unfortunately, it appeared he was doing the job of a bus boy and not a server. California Rollin' needs to clean house of their inattentive servers and get more people like this gentleman. OK, on to the sushi itself: the worst I've had at any sushi joint in Rochester.  In fact, I made the comment that I've had better sushi at Chinese buffets, and I still stick by that comment.  The rolls sound amazing and interesting, but just don't deliver.  The rolls are under-filled, and invariably bland, usually lacking the character that made them sound so interesting.  The most interesting one was the Goliath roll, and I think the only reason that had any character was that it was drowned in eel sauce.  Unfortunately, I did not get any pictures because by the time we got the food, we just dug in because we were so hungry. Make the trip to Sushi King (my personal favorite) or Taka House (or Plum House, or Blue Ocean, seriously, there are tons of better options) and get good Sushi.
I used to really about 14-15 years ago when it was located in that tiny tiny spot on a corner of some block. I have moved across the country since so I apologize for not having the exact address that it was located on. Regardless, it was delicious and the sushi chef/owner was great. The fish was fresh, the rolls were more authentic-like and he was super nice offering free rolls to try and etc. Then it moved... and everything went downhill. The quality of the sushi. The roll combinations. The service expanded. All things that I originally liked about the first location. After it moved, I only ate here once and haven't bothered to give it another chance.
I have been here several times mainly because my fiancee loves sushi and she gets the groupon deals for this place, which makes sushi eating a much less costly ordeal. I have a fairly hefty appetite and one or two rolls are like appetizers for me, hence my lack of sushi dining. Anyway, this is located in Village Gate Square, which looks like some sort of warehouse converted into a pseudo-shopping center. There are small boutique shops and several other restaurants in this center. As you come walk in at the right hand corner of the restaurant, the hostess station (as well as the check-out) is situated immediately in front of you with a few chairs in case of wait (which is often). Behind that is the liquor bar, which is brightly lit with a contemporary display. Immediately to your left are a series of booths next to the windows that overlook the Village Gate internus. There are a number of booths and tables that surround the sushi station, which is against the left wall. The station has a bar height seating area surrounding it that seats probably 20 people. There are doors towards the back that lead to outdoor seating. All in all, I think a good 120 people can be seated in any given point in time. The atmosphere is almost comical. The walls are painted a deep sea-green with cartoony plants and wildlife. The lighting is decent. They try to give the darker ambiance but it doesn't seem to work too well. There are soy sauce containers that were made to look like ancient pottery, but by looking at it you can tell it's a cheap food-grade material remake. They serve their sushi on what looks like a giant wooden Japanese clog (3.bp.blogspot.com/-4dfW9…). Interesting to say the least. The service... oh dear I'm not quite sure what to say about this. Usually they are decent and my glass only sits empty for maybe 5 min, 10 min max before it is refilled, but on several occasions I had to wave down the waitress for it (and these are not occasions where it is busy). They tend to be friendly and smile, but you kind of get a feeling that they don't feel like being there, which is fine to feel that way but people in the service industry should learn to hush the subtle body language and expressions too... just my opinion though. Anyway, I've had ups and downs with this. Let us continue... The food is ok at best. I tend to skip out soup, appetizers and desserts so I cannot comment on those. I have had decently rolled sushi and I have had poorly rolled sushi here. Their ingredients are pretty good, but nothing stands out as "wow, this tastes amazingly fresh." They have a variety of styles: a simple cut of meat, a cut of meat on rice, tempura, variety of rolls, hand rolls, specialty rolls, and even some combo platters. I forget if sashimi or nigiri is the correct term for the simple cuts, but they have an ok selection of different seafood, including tuna, salmon, white tuna (which I believe is wahoo), shrimp, tobiki (sp?), smoked eel, octopus, etc. We usually order at least 5 or 6 rolls between the two of us so I have sampled a good number of the rolls on the menu. I enjoy the mistletoe roll especially because of the added honey, which adds a myriad of flavors to the palate. I honestly do not remember how every single roll is different so I'll let you decide if you choose to go here. On days where they do a good job, the rolls are nicely rolled so that they don't fall apart on you when using chopsticks. However, I will also mention that sushi was created traditionally to be a finger food so just be aware of that fact ;) Their wasabi varies in spiciness. I think some chefs use more powder than others. I do not like ginger so I cannot comment on the pickled ginger. They have a variety of fountain drinks, juice, coffee, tea, and a full bar. I did not look over the wine selection but based on a brief glance it looked like they have a few basic whites and reds. Their beer selection is poor but they do have some Japanese macro-brews like Sapporo. They also have a couple beers from the local microbrewery Custom Brewcrafters: Wasabi Brew and Plum Brew, both of which I, as a beer enthusiast and beer geek, would consider mediocre at best. For fear of going into too much detail, I will only mention that they are interesting concepts but pretty bland and boring in person. Ok so I think this place has a lot of potential to create wonderful food art and give the customers what they paid for, but the execution is stopped short. I feel like the art form is lost and you get these generic, boring, and minimally appetizing logs of seafood/veggie stuffed rice. In all honesty, I wouldn't come here to eat unless I had the groupon or came on a night where they had specials and I can eat a lot for cheaper just to fill up. Review for 1.75 stars.
This is just. Well. Not good sushi. I used to like California Rollin many years ago. Back then I thought it was fun and different and the fish was definitely better quality than it is now. The thing is, sushi is one of those quiet art forms where there is great beauty in the detail, the preparation and the presentation. One universal aspect of Japanese culture is that the WAY in which you do something is just as important as doing it. There is a deliberate, traditional and laborious nature to all things Japanese and sushi is no different. So when a tattooed girl with makeup is cracking lewd jokes and rolling out rice she scoops out of a pot with charred edges, yes, it detracts from the sushi experience. I want my sushi prepared with intention, not callousness and gimmicks. This is my biggest problem with California Rollin: the employees and chefs don't seem to take sushi-making or serving very seriously. And while I know that it's supposed to be a fun laid-back "surfer-sushi" place, when things get a little too relaxed, they just end up looking sloppy. I like creative rolls, but I don't like small under-filled rolls thrown onto the table after a wait of 30 minutes. And I don't like chewy nigiri. I'm not anal about attention to detail, but lets be honest, the details (being greeted immediately by the hostess, getting water without asking for it, having your appetizer come out before your entrees, having your empty plates cleared quickly), can compensate for mediocre food and carry a place that's floundering. California Rollin doesn't have the quality food or the attention to detail. It's sushi with training wheels. This may be nice for a novice who wants to wade out into shallow waters, but probably not preferred for anyone who is accustomed to eating sushi on a regular basis.
I love this place!! It's definitely Americanized sushi, but the combinations they offer is amazingly beautiful and tasty. I've gone to eat by myself a few times at this location and the sushi makers always offer conversation.  The staff is always nice and smiling.   My favorite sushi place in Rochester!
This restaurant was my introduction to sushi many years ago. I loved it back then but either my tastes have changed or the quality has drastically dropped. The last few times my wife and I have tried this place we have found the rice to be bland and mushy and the fish had a bad taste. Our last trip we paid and left after barely touching a fraction of our order. I still stop there from time to time though to eat the only dish that I do enjoy immensely; their crawdads over rice is out of this world. If I were rating on that dish only I would give it five stars for sure. To bad the sushi can't live up to the crawdad appetizer.
Went to California Rollin' on 7PM on a Saturday night. An obviously busy time, the hostess told us there would be a 20 minute wait, to which we agreed to wait...ended up being closer to 45 minutes. I purchased a Groupon for $30 worth of sushi. We started with a Miso Soup ($3.59) which was tiny, average tasting & didn't have much tofu in it. Next, we had an array of rolls. California, Cinema roll, Katana Roll... and the Philly & Clams Casino rolls, which were deep-fried. yuck. The rolls that weren't tempura were tiny! The service was really lackluster, they must be under-staffed. Whether it was getting a refill on water, or resolving a few issues with the bill,it took forever to flag down our server. Also, I'm pretty sure they only had one bathroom, which was constantly occupied. I'm not giving up hope for good sushi in Rochester, but this experience was definitely not one that will keep me coming back.
Where is the management? I've been to california rollin a total of 4 times. The past three times (within a year) that I have gone there, the wait staff seemed to always be understaffed for some reason or another. This last time I went there, there were 3 servers running around like chickens with their heads cut off because the manager called in sick. Where is another manager or the owner in this case? The waitresses were usless as well. I myself am I server and I can handle ten full serve tables on my own. They would run back and forth countless times empty handed. All these waitresses have to do is pick up a piece of paper from your table that you write you order on, and give it to the chefs. So here's the story... Got there and had to wait for 40 mins because they were "full." Full meant 15 tables for 3 servers (there were empty tables). Once finally seated, we had to wait an additional 15 mins for them to clear off a table. I don't know how you can leave 6-7 dirty tables waiting for customers that want to get seated. Eventually we sat and It took 10 mins to get this piece of paper to order. It then took another 20 mins for the waitress to come back and take our paper. The sushi was delivered quite fast after that and it tasted fine, but the waitress forgot our drinks and never filled our water. The only reason we stayed is because they have creativ sushi rolls and I officially called it my last time stepping foot into this restaurant. I'm done with restaurants that have owners who don't care. If that's the attitude they're going to have, I will no longer be giving my business to that restaurant. Never again CA rollin... never again. Some people work too hard only to have their business fail. CA rollin deserves to fail. PS... can someone maybe fix up the restaurant? The bathroom, kitchen and surrounding areas are literally falling apart. Gross. If they can't keep their business presentable, it makes you second guess how fresh the raw fish is.
Don't cared to be lied to. Hostess was seating everyone she knew before us. When I asked the first time I noticed someone was seated before me that shouldn't have been, I was told I was next and that she was just looking for a spot to accommodate my party of 3. Guess who was seated next? A party of 2 at the bar next to open chairs. Hmmmm... Asked her about it and was told I was going to definitely be next. Like I said, I don't care to be lied to so I didn't stick around to see.
This is now the second time in less than a month that I've been to this restaurant and had the waitstaff be more concerned about cleaning the place up than waiting on customers. Sushi is okay but the service is horrible. Won't be going back.
EDITED: During the last visit we experienced the same poor service we've always experienced. However, this time out, while eating sushi at the bar we actually witnessed one of the sushi "chefs" take a spoon out of a pen cup (yes, a scuzzy cup just like the one you may have in your office for keeping pens in) and place it directly into a container of mayo. Disgusting. Please, think about this. How many hands have been on the pens that were in contact with that spoon. We definitely won't be back. :-/ Given the dozens of bad experiences we've sloughed off because of the otherwise good time we had, this is the straw... or spoon. :-/ Previous review: ------------------------------------------------ I won't try to expound upon what others have written so far, however, you should note the new location (still within the Village gate) is BEAUTIFUL. I've only been once for drinks, so far, and it was great. Two bars, one for sushi and a wet bar! Very modern feel, same nautical decor. I don't know if the addition of the TVs adds much, but, now you can watch your sushi being made on the big screen... nice touch, beats the old mirrors. Also noticed a lot of new servers, which may mean better service! Poor service was always our complaint previously.
The food has always been tasty, my personal favorite being the Tuscany roll. Their range of cocktails have also been pretty tasty. The staff and service, however, I haven't had many good experiences with. Dont get me wrong, the sushi chefs are great and i have yet to have a bad experience with any of them. Either the servers seem like they've had the worst day of their life and it's all your fault, or there's a 45 minute+ wait. I get it, working in food service isn't fun, but you still need to pay attention to your diners/at least fake a smile. I also don't like sitting around for 30 minutes waiting for my check/for my server to emerge from wherever they've been hiding for the past half hour.
I know that I'll annoy a lot of local 'trendoids' with this review, but I gotta let you all know that this place is about the poorest imitation of sushi I've ever seen. firstly, it's not really a sushi bar, but more of a place that does non-traditional California-style rolls which appeal to American tastes, so if you're looking for anything traditional here, forget it! That said, my real problem with this place is the lack of cleanliness and lousy quality of fish they use, as well as the poor preparation. Both locations have rickety, beaten-down seats and tables, both have service that goes from slow to glacial and surly, and I've had more uneven slices and questionable cuts of fish served there than at any other place in town. I actually used to like this place, but the last 3 times I went there, things had gone downhill. Add to that the fact that the place looks like it hasn't been cleaned or painted in a decade, and that all the serving pieces look like they've been through a rock tumbler..... Seriously, anything these guys make is done better (for about the same price) by anybody else locally, in a cleaner environment, and with staff that know how to serve you.
Every trip home, I always end up here at least once for dinner. The sushi isn't what you'd find in an "authentic" Japanese restaurant but that's what makes it great because there's fun, non-traditional rolls. Go on a Wednesday night for all-you-can-eat sushi -you get a chance to sample a lot of different rolls and if you like sushi, you really can't go wrong with endless eating. Favorite rolls include: Rochester roll - tempura whitefish, mayo and lemon Katana - crabstick, seaweed, mayo Bling bling - soft-shell crab, mayo, avocado, crunchies, spicy tuna with eel sauce.
Very disappointed with our recent dinner here. The chicken wing appetizer was pretty good, but the four sushi rolls we ordered were either bland or tasted like canned tuna fish. I don't know why anyone would choose California Rollin' over Plum Garden in Pittsford, which is far superior at comparable prices.
i have been here quite a few times. For Rochester, NY, this place isn't too bad. It's hidden inside Village Gate, if you have ever been to The Gate House or Salena's, it's in there. The place is pretty small and the lighting is a bit dark. One thing I can appreciate is the fact that is does NOT smell like fish when you walk in. That is always a plus. Last few times I went, there was only 1 asian person working there, one of the sushi chefs. I sadly am prejudice to that. I also appreciate the fact that they make up some of their rolls. My personal favorites are the Bourbon roll (Tempura crawdads, Japanese mayo, hot sauce, cream cheese, bacon topped with crunchies), Rainbow Roll, and the Rochester roll. I have gone once on Wed for the All-you-can-eat, but at that time, I was only starting to eat sushi. haha. I go mostly on a Sunday for their 3 for 13$ special. I feel that is a better deal. If you look online, there is a special of some sort every day, such as 1.50 Saporros on Tuesday and Monday $1.25 Nigiri, check the site. The waiters are usually nice and friendly and can help you if you have any questions. The menu's do give good description :)
Poor California Rollin.  They finally got the decor and atmosphere right.  You no longer feel like you're eating in a dingy, dirty space.  It is just impossible to get consistently good service there.  I've been to the new location three times so far.  The first two I was wowed, only because of my low expectations, but I also had the same server.  She was great -- she was friendly, tried to tell you about your rolls, checked on the table, etc. Then I went back a third time.  I was hoping the old manager (or owner, no clue) was not there anymore because I had not seen her.  Unfortunately, she is there.  She is SO RUDE and so unfriendly.  That manager (dressed in a crappy, dirty hoodie) "greeted" our table by frowning at us and asking us if we'd like a drink.  We answered yes, ordered, and ten minutes later, still no drinks.  Finally, another server came to our table (this HAD to be her first night of waitressing ever),  and we re-ordered.  Ten more minutes.....nothing.  We finally just asked the bartender for our drinks. The new waitress also knew NOTHING about our food and made no attempt to act like she did.  When she dropped off food, she walked away so fast that we had to yell at her to ask for water.  She never came back to check on us.  When someone else came to clear our plates well after we had finished eating (that manager again), we asked for more sushi.  It was the all you can eat night, so we decided to get more.  She gave us an odd look and said fine.  She came back later with one roll on a little app-type ceramic plate, loudly dropped it down on the table and walked away.  We also watched her eating at the sushi bar, then LICK HER FINGERS, and head to a patron's table.   Can't evolve and improve your restaurant with the same broken-down service standards.  Also, regarding that manager - I love how the servers now have a dress code of all black, and she gets to wear trashy hoodies around.  If she is the owner, she needs to keep herself in the back office, and hire a manager capable of acting happy that there are customers.
I love California Rollin!  (I do mean the original in Village Gate...don't waste your time or gas money traveling to their Charlotte location).  I am a frequent flyer on Sunday and have a regular seat at the end of the sushi bar where I can watch all the chefs skillful prepare the food.  Plus, with a free roll for using the "Word of the Day" that can be found on their site and the 3 rolls deal on Sunday, who can resist when you can get 7 rolls for under $30!   The decor is interesting and the restaurant could use a spruce up but that won't matter soon when they move to their new location down the hall, in a new location.   The staff is OUTSTANDING and friendly.  The sushi chefs are always will to talk and tell you about what they are making.  A few times I have been inspired to try something new because of the conversation.   The sushi always tastes great and is displayed in an eye-pleasing way.  The staff is willing to attend to all your requests for extra ginger, wasabi, and sauces.  Save room for one of their desserts-I am a huge fan of the albino roll! I was nervous when I walked in today because Julia, my favorite chef wasn't working today, however, the food came out just a great and the chef (I think his name was Mike) was great.  When I asked about the sauces he was using he offered me a sample of each (see picture I posted).  I will continue to make California Rollin one of  frequent haunts.  If you want great sushi, great service, and possibly a new favorite restaurant check out California Rollin!
The first time I ever tried sushi, I was about 18. It was also the day I tried my first import beer, it was from Holland, and my first cigar. My neighbors wife was Vietnamese and he invited me in to lunch, the beer and cigar had taken place prior to this, while hosting a garage sale. The cigars were for sale but I convinced my neighbor that we should smoke them, it wasn't a hard sell lol. He invited me in for lunch, his wife made some home made sushi. My reply was not favorable, raw fish?! Are you kidding??!! He tactfully pointed out that I had never tried and should reserve judgement. So away I went to try some eel sushi, and I loved it.  When I first went look at the menu California Rollin', it was like finding heaven. Every roll I have ever had here is awesome! My only general problem is not enough cream cheese in the rolls that include it.  Also, the service is often not so good. That was the case when the girl friend and I checked out their new location this past weekend. The rolls were awesome. We had 4 cucumber rolls, 2 California rolls a Louisiana roll and a Killer Shrimp Roll. We also got the fried craw fish appetizer. The appetizer was awesome, the crawfish are lightly fried and come out like fried up, crispy little lobster babies. AMAZING! The get this light honey, soy sauce on them that is similar to General Taos/Sesame Chicken sauce but thinner.  We have tried these, the fried shrimp and the chicken wings. These guys win HANDS DOWN. Next up the rolls. They were well made, with the exception of the Killer Shrimp Roll, it was suppose to be a tempura'd roll and it wasn't. It was still awesome but they did loose points for forgetting that step in its creation. The cucumber rolls were good, in my opinion definitely need the ginger with them. At $2 a roll they are a nice way to fill out your sushi fest. The California Rolls took us by storm. We tend to save the special rolls for last and when each of us took our first bit of California Roll we were both like " Wow, why do we always forget how good that is?" And at  $5 its a pretty well priced. Last up were the Louisiana Roll which has crawdads and spicy sauce, simple but still good. Last roll was the Killer Shrimp which had a great combination of good texture and great flavor,  I'm not sure if frying the roll would have improved it or not honestly. Our only real complaint was lousy service.  We had a 45 minute wait, give or take, which we were fine with when and had guessed ahead of time. When our name did get called the hostess immediately left the hostess stand so we walked in and no one was there. A little weird but by no means critical. So we were sat and ordered our drinks. And then another server came to get our drink orders. What makes it weirder was server A did not leave a ticket for our sushi order but did return with drinks, server B did leave the ticket but never came back for it. Eventually server C came and took it away and got us refills. That set the pace for the rest of the night we never knew who to ask for something or who our server was and not a single person asked how ANY of the food was. Not the appetizer and not the rolls. Not the waitresses, the manager who wiped off our table and said goodbye or the hostess. My girlfriend said thank you to the hostess 3 different times as we were leaving, for taking our Groupon, for giving her a pen and for something else. Not once did the girl say your welcome. She just would reply with a nod or she would say " uh-huh.' Is this a deal breaker? Again no not at all, if that was my only complaint I'd be happy.It was just a really unprofessional way to behave and while it's a somewhat casual restaurant it's still a business. Though you may be disappointed with the disjointed service, the sushi rolls and fried crawfish will keep you very satisfied!
I've been here several times and I really love the sushi. It's fabulous. After they moved locations, they've really cleaned up how they do things. However, since they've moved locations, the service went horribly downhill. Three of us went and were seated very quickly, met our waitress and then didn't see her for 15 or 20 minutes. I grabbed one walking by and she said she'd get us a new waitress. When we finally had our new waitress (she may have actually been a hostess doing waitress duties, given how often she was by the entry podium), we selected our sushi and waited 10 minutes for her to walk by again. Gave her our slips and she came quickly came back to inform us that the discount we were doing (a 3 for 12 sunday lunch deal) didn't include rolls over $10. That's pretty understandable so we asked for menus to choose new sushi. She said she'd give us one and then we didn't see her for long enough we chose based on what we'd had at previous trips. Stopped a passing waitress (not ours) to give hero our slip and waited for sushi. It didn't take too long to actually get our sushi but the waitress (a different one from any of the others) couldn't recognize what a few of the rolls were so we guessed whose was whose. When we finished our sushi, I once again grabbed a waitress to get our checks. Unwilling to wait for a credit card transaction, we left our cash and left, leaving a poor tip and an explanation as to why. I will likely go back because I love the sushi and they have some very nice deals (that 3 for $12 sunday deal and they also have a sashimi deal some days) but I truly hope the service picks up or I'll have to find a new sushi place.
California Rollin you disappointed us tonight.  Ordered 6 Vegan rolls for my daughter and myself with a request for onion crunchies and tofu to be used and all of them were loosely rolled with a limited assortment of asparagus, avocado, a few spinach leaves and cucumber, not a single one used onion crunchies or tofu!  For the price paid tonight,  it wasn't worth it. As for service,  we didn't see the same server twice and needed refills on beverages which we got AFTER we finished eating.  The order wasn't complete for my husband's order but again we couldn't tell anyone since noone checked on us.   We usually have such a good time and the food is great and filling, but tonight was not a good experience.  Probably won't go back unless we know Julia is working because she always makes the best rolls!
I evolved in this restaurant. I went from 'no sushi for me' to 'SAAAKEEEE!!!!!' If you're there on thursday nights between 7 and 10, you'll enjoy yourself. Michael T. pretty-much summed up the details of the place, so I'm just going to wrap up by saying that Maria the sushi-chef and John Carlo make me emotionally attached to my sushi.
Just left California Rollin.  I'm gonna keep this short and not so sweet.  The food was good.  The service was absolutely nonexistent.  Had to wait 20 minutes to see our waitress for a drink.  We're we ready to order uh yeah....we waited a lot we saw her once more and then a few random other staff.  Never asked how the food was after we received our food, had to flag for water, drinks, napkins and chopsticks.  The bill was brought to us but we were never asked if we wanted anything else.  Lots of staff smoking just beyond our outdoor seating.  Can't see myself ever going back.
Extremely poor service and wait time. We waited over an hour and a half for our rolls. Wait staff was nice but entirely clueless.
I wouldn't recommend going to California Rollin' if you are in the market for authentic sushi. I would recommend it if you want some exciting, creative, and fun sushi. That's usually what I want!   California Rollin' has some of the best sushi I've ever had, and I've had a lot of sushi. In particular I like the Bubble Beach Roll, so give that a try. They have a pretty extensive list of rolls so there should be something for everybody, even vegetarians and people who insist that they don't like sushi. The sake selection is good, too. They have plain sake, but they also have it in a variety of fruit flavors. The flavored sake is really good -- it is sweet and flavored enough not to taste like rubbing alcohol, but not so sweet as to be cloying or syrupy. The clientele is young and hip, as are the servers. Unfortunately sometimes the service is a little lacking.
Great rolls, but they are anything but "authentic" and fresh.  The amount of fresh fish in each roll is small and the taste is more from the ovrerdose of Japanese mayo, which, after awhile gets boring. Still, their Sunday special (3 rolls for $12) is a great deal and worth checking out every once in awhile.
I give this place 5 STARS because they have awesome specials.  For example on Saturday nights, there are $1 plum and wasabi beers.  I'd recommend the plum over wasabi though.   Once your order the brews, order the bubblebeach, killer eel, magic roll, and the spank me roll.  While waiting, make a toast to "health, wealth, and sudden death."  Finally, finish off the meal with the tempura ice cream for dessert.
I agree with some of the other reviews here.  Basically, California Rollin' is very tasty sushi at a reasonable price.  While it is far from authentic, it isn't meant to be! Still one of my favorite sushi places, even compared to some of the restaurants in downtown San Francisco. If you want authentic, go to Nobu.  If you want fun, easy, and flavorful, California Rollin' does not disappoint.
Went about 8 pm on a Saturday night. We waited just a minute to seat five of us. A little bit different that what we are accustomed to. Some unique rolls and different flavor combinations. We had 4 rolls. The Pisces was good - with yellowtail and tuna. We also had the Spank Me Roll - which I should have guessed by the name is packed with wasabi. If you like wasabi and the burning/tickling sensation that runs up your nose - then you will like this roll. As for me, I couldn't even really tell what was in the roll - might as well just eat the wasabi. Next was the crunchy spicy tuna. Good crunch - lacks on the spicy. I know - too spicy, not enough spicy. Hey - that is what this site is for right? And finally, the volcano roll, which was by far my favorite. Eel roll wrapped in tuna. Great flavor. We had the $1.99 plum beer which was fresh and fulfilling. Supposedly, this went up $0.99 as it used to be a dollar. But trust me, coming from an area where a pint is any where from $6-$9, it's a steal!
I have been here many times over the past several years.  It is sad to see this restaurant sink deeper and deeper in terms of attentive service, food quality and atmosphere.  Understaffing seems to be commonplace, even on weekends.  This place needs a makeover ASAP.     I am not a sushi connoisseur but I question the freshness of the fish and would not dare go for nigiri.  At least a a roll can mask sub-par fish a bit.  The only reason I give a second star is for the creative rolls.  I can never pick just two and I always need to go for the desert roll.
If you're looking to try new sushi flavors, California Rollin' is the place to go.  Their sushi menu is enormous, and we've been happy with almost anything we order.  Definitely try the crawdad bowl - very tasty!  And don't forget to check out the weekly special rolls when you're there; we almost always get at least one. The biggest complaint is the service.  The real problem is that they are always understaffed and always busy - a formula that guarantees bad service.  A couple of times, we've been served the wrong rolls (a Carla instead of a Carly, for example - anyone could make that mistake), but they always bring the correct roll free of charge. Their new location is very nice too!
This place is amazing.  The quality of the service and the rolls is awesome!   We love sitting at the sushi bar and watching/ chatting with the chefs.  There are great specials all the time and well worth checking out.  We go on Sunday and get the 3 rolls for $12.   We have not had a bad experience at CR in all of the years we have gone...  Our kids even go= they have kids meals for the sushi weary... it is a win win for everyone!
I absolutely love sushi and had been dying to try this place. We had walked past several times and the interior is so unique and inviting that I really wanted to love this place! Our service was very friendly and attentive, but ultimately I have to give this a generous two stars because the sushi was just so dry and bland. This is saying something considering the two rolls I ordered were both pretty exotic and packed with different ingredients. I was initially very impressed with the size and variety of the menu. They have options for those who like traditional styles as well as American/deep fried/cream cheese varieties. I've been a sushi-eater for about 6 years and this was definitely at the low end of the taste spectrum. It was hard to stoop from excitement to disappointment, but I honestly had to douse my rolls in soy sauce and wasabi. The only reason I would return is if I were going along with friends, but I wouldn't return on my own.
Checked this place out with a living social deal. I wish we had skipped it. 1. We walked in and the place smelled weird. 2. The first thing we saw was a manager yelling at one of the new waitresses for doing something that helped a customer. 3. They hassled us about our living social coupon and ultimately wouldn't let us use it so we left. 4. We came back another day to try our living social deal again and were looked at like bums and told we couldn't order any specials. 5. We got it to go and left, never to return. Seriously, if a business is going to sign up to promote their business with something like living social, why would they seem pissed off when someone shows up to use it? The management had written some long list of all the restrictions on the deal and begrudgingly accepted it. That's a good way to get repeat business.... er... not. Bottom line - the place has a bad vibe. I feel bad for the servers/hostesses because they seemed nice but I got the impression that the people who run that place don't know anything about customer service. They have a reputation for being a "hip" restaurant. The only people who might consider that hip are people who feel like they're someplace exclusive because they get treated bad. I'd rather go somewhere with good food and a good atmosphere.
After a couple of visits, we've had great food (a happy surprise after reading other reviews,) but have been quite turned off by the attitudes and lack of organization or perhaps mismanagement. A couple with a young child, we thought perhaps the attitude was directed at us for not being "cool enough," but have found similar experiences from others in reviews. We've had delicious sushi - they have some fun combinations and the fish has always been fresh and in generous portions. Once we went to use our Living Social coupon, but they couldn't locate our number.  On a separate visit, I had to stand at the hostess stand for 15 or 20 minutes while they figured out how to apply the coupon. Our server, who had been nice and friendly, wasn't actually very good at serving and had disappeared when it was time for the bill, so we'd already waited nearly a half hour before that. If it wasn't for the coupon, we'd have just left. We also went one evening and learned their posted hours were not accurate. Apparently, they'd decided to close early, sat us anyway before telling us, then we had to hurry through the meal, which was delicious, though.
This place is horrible. Don't even waste your time. Let me sum it up for you: - it took me 3 trips to use one Groupon because they kept refusing to accept it despite me asking the waitress about it before hand - Expect to wait for a table at least an hour (we were told it was a 5 minute wait, half the tables were empty and it was STILL an hour and 15 minute wait). - they have the worst service around. We were ordering bottles of sake, unlimited sushi, dessert... And even with a $500 bill, they STILL treated us like they were doing us a big favor by even serving us. Rude, slow, inattentive. - Once you order, it takes at least a half hour to get your food. AT LEAST. The last time I was there, it took over an hour and the waitresses had no remorse at all. Let's be honest here: You don't even cook sushi so why does it take this long??? This place makes no sense to me, they just use everything as an excuse to be lazy and slow. - I asked if I could sub out a raw roll in their 3 for $12.99 special because I was pregnant and couldn't eat raw and they gave me a hard time but allowed me to in the end (I was subbing for a simple Cali roll of lesser value). The next time I asked while pregnant to sub out the next week, the waitress said it was against their policy and snapped at me for assuming I could do such a thing. Save yourself the 3 hours and shitty service and go to SoGo in Webster. All of the rolls fall apart when you touch them and the quality is NOT worth the wait. Even Wegmans has a better roll, just less selection.
This was my first time here and it was fine. The location is really nice and they have a nice bar inside. The sushi is probablly the best you're going to get for Rochester. I've definitely had better sushi, but for upstate NY this was good. The service was just okay. You basically write down your order on a piece of paper and the waiter brings it up for you. I did notice the folks at the table next to me we're very upset with the service - very slow. Our food was delivered a little out of order which was awkward and we had 3 different waiters in the course of 45 minutes. All in all, a decent sushi place.
It's not meant to be authentic, it's meant to be "California" and wacky, so in that department, it does alright.  I always found it affordable and liked my meals alright, but what was most entertaining was the giant mirror over the sushi chefs, so you could see the vast mise en place of sushi ingredients and watch them work their magic.  The servers were usually kind of slow and bored.  This is a quick lunch stop if you're hitting up the vintage shops in Village Gate, just don't expect your life to be changed by this sushi.
Terrible sushi, that gave me the worst food poisoning I've ever had. I knew I should have sent my food back when my maguro nigiri was served warm (like it was sitting out for a significant amount of time) but I was running late and ignored it. I spent the rest of the day sicker than I have been in literally a decade (no joke first time I have thrown up in 10 years). Its been a while since I was there, but I still can't bring myself to even look at sushi. Thank you California Rollin for ruining sushi for me.
I came here last Thursday with my bf and his two friends--they frequent this sushi bar pretty often and my bf had raved about their non-traditional bacon sushi rolls.  Whoever heard of putting bacon in maki rolls? Intrigued, I finally went along.   The ambiance of the place was pretty cute--murals of ocean life surrounds the diners and various Asian-inspired paraphernalia decorating the walls gave the restaurant a cute--slightly off kind of charm.  The menu is quite large and sports a lot of non-traditional rolls that are commonly accepted to Western tastes (i.e., Philly roll, Rochester roll, Christmas roll, etc) I love most kinds of sushi, both Western style and traditional Japanese style, so seeing the variety on the menu was nice.  I ended up ordering a Chirashi bowl (assorted sashimi over a bed of sushi rice), while my bf ordered a roll similar to the Spider roll (has soft shell crab in it), his friends ordered some special rolls with mango and crab as well. My entree came with soup or salad, and I ordered a soup in hopes to get a little warm from the chilly Rochester weather. Sadly, the bowl of miso soup came and it was lukewarm--more on the cool side, thick with miso (salty soy bean paste) with some sad little old scallions and cubes of tofu floating on top.  I drank a few spoons and moved it to the side. My chirashi bowl was a little less disappointing, in that the sashimi was decently fresh and had good seafood flavor.  The fresh surf clam was a delight and had an inherent sweetness to the meat, and they also put in a few cooked oysters (cooled) which were also quite good.  Unfortunately, I noticed that the sushi rice underneath the sashimi was overcooked and quite mushy, and the rice used in the sushi rolls that my bf and his friends ordered held the same mushy consistency that overcooked sushi rice can have.   For most serious sushi chefs, mastering the art of making sushi rice that best compliments the fish in terms of texture, taste, and presentation is very important.  While the fresh fish was good, one cannot truly call California Rollin a serious sushi restaurant because the rice was botched in both the chirashi bowl and the roll-making.  One can just settle the restaurant for the run of the mill American-style sushi with low rice-making standards.  To many foodies and true appreciators of Japanese cuisine, it is a big no-no, but this is usually accepted and lightly dismissed by the general public since not a lot of people are acquainted with authentic, good sushi unless they make a point of finding it and learning how to make sushi rice properly. My boyfriend's friends also raved about the fried cheesecake and fried oreo dessert, although personally I found the dessert too heavily fried, with batter too hard, too thick, and in general, hard to swallow by itself.  Although this could be because I personally don't eat thick and heavy sweets much, since apparently some guests can't get enough of it. All in all, California Rollin is an "okay" restaurant--it's acceptable to most but for serious foodies, maybe not so much. Not horrible, but definitely not wonderful, and not a place I'd want to go back more than once or twice.
Friday night disappointment. I have been to California Rollin 4 times in the past. Good sushi, good time. This past Friday (9/17) night was a real disappointment though.... They were understaffed as far as servers (which did their best!!!) and by 8:30 or so, it looked like they were down to one sushi chef. Hey, the rolls were pretty good, at least when they go the order right! But, the 5 we ordered were jammed onto a pretty small plate. Not the best presentation and many of them stuck together. I had ordered 2 servings of nigir tuna and one smoked eel as well. They put 1 order of the tuna, the smoked eel and salmon... I mentioned I didn't order salmon - it should be tuna. The waitress told me she would get the other tuna order - and never came back! At the end of the meal, we were still a bit hungry so we ordered a Rainbow Roll. What showed up was nothing close. No salmon, tuna, avacodo on the outside. In fact, there was nothing on the outside. I really couldn't tell what was on the inside as well!!! It looks like tuna, yellow tail and maybe squished avacado. When the waitress came back, I pointed at the roll and said "hey, that doesn't look like a Rainbow to me!". She said thats how they did it - it has 3 colors on the inside. Huh?!?! No way. Look, she was busy enough and didn't need any crap from me, so we paid the bill and were on our way... Wow, what a let down after a number of good dinners there. At least the Custom Brwecrafters Wasabi beer was cool, spicy and refreshing!
The new and improved Cali Rollin is definitely an upgrade from the previous location. It's larger and more spacious. I love coming here with friends, especially for the All You Can Eat special. This deal costs about $22 and doesn't really allow you to specify your order - it's mostly chef's choice. The sushi itself is good but not phenomenal. Still, a Rochester staple and a fun place to get together with friends.
Eh. This place was alright. The service is scarce. There were just three tables when we arrived and plenty of staff but we still waiting fifteen minutes to sit. Honestly I like the flavors of Wegman's sushi better. We knew the word of the day so we got a free California roll too. I don't think the price reflected the food quality. Not a standout restaurant but if you way American sushi like California rolls and spicy tuna and cream cheese filled things then go for it. I'm a purist so I did not like it as much.
Tried to eat there on three different occasions. All three ended up with me and my family walking out. How long is the wait? 10min,.. Ok great... 45min later, still waiting. Talk about disorganization.
Delicious sushi in town! Every time I visit in Rochester, I always get their Crawded Bowl that made me come back again and again!  It was like my addicted to this plate!  (Tempura crawdads tossed with sweet and spicy sauce and sprinkled with sesame seeds). Oh my heavenly!  Every time I come to this restaurant, the service was horrible, did not check on us often. I often wait for them to fill up the glass of water.. BUT Crawded Bowl is the reason why I come back to the restaurant again!
Went again to Rollin hoping for better results. Once again the rolls are OK and the sashimi/nigiri is just horrible in quality and selection, barely edible, it seemed the nigiri was set up hours before I ate it, the fish started meshing with the rice.   The outdoor seating is nice and the waitress while not very skilled was also friendly.  Besides that, I don't see why you would go here unless you are at The Gate for something else and you want a quick bite.
You have to have a sense of adventure and and open mind to enjoy the sushi they serve, but if you do, you will not be disappointed.  If you are a traditionalist or a sushi snob, go elsewhere.  Otherwise, expect a wait and a fairly lengthy visit as it has gotten very popular.  I have had all kinds of sushi all over the place and this is by far my favorite for its nice and friendly staff, unique offerings and atmosphere.
I would come here every Wednesday for all you can eat sushi which was around $20 at the time when I lived up here. This is not the place to go for authentic sushi, but it was fun and they had some different rolls..they start you off with 5 rolls and you can pick but there is no guarentee that you will get what you requested since it is the chef's choice. The best part was they let me bag what I couldnt finish to take home.
With a wide range of unique sushi combinations, California Rollin' really has something for everyone.  They have a good selection of saki but I usually get the plum beer or jasmine tea.  The all you can eat sushi night is always a great time to go, since it's chef's choice so you get a lot of diffenent rolls you might not usually try.  Also make sure to try one of the dessert rolls, they're a great way to end a delicious meal, and when you're done eatting check out some of the other stores and the artwork around the building.
This place has the worst service ever. It took us 40mins to get a seat and then after we were seated they left us the menus but no check off list for us to make our order on until we asked them. They didn't ask us what we wanted to drink until  we asked to order (after going thru the hostess to get our waiter) and then nearing the end of our 30 mins for our sushi to be made we overhear the waiters across the room arguing because there were apparently 2 customers with the same name and could not figure out whose order each belonged to (our order vs another customers'). they then began rearranging things on the platters (with gloves on at least) and then finally served us. When our order arrived we asked the waiter which roll was which but she had no idea. we then later found out that our rolls were all mixed together. we literally had eel rolls and raw salmon rolls placed together in 1 pile when they should have been separated. The rolls didn't taste bad but were nothing special. however, they really need to work on their presentation. The rolls were squished by their knives so they came out rectangular shaped rather than circular. bottom line: will not be returning to this place or recommending it to a friend... EVER.
Long wait, decent sushi, great atmosphere.
Went there on a Thursday night despite the less than glowing reviews due to location. The place is nice, located outside of a courtyard in a small underground mall. It's cute inside and definitely appears clean. Everyone else seems to be complaining about the service, but when we got there we were warmly greeted. They do seem to have a team approach to service, which is ok by me. You do need to flag someone down if you need something, but they tend to be quick about this. Now for the food. We ordered 4 rolls. The crunchy spicy tuna, the spider, the volcano and one other tempura roll. The enthusiastic descriptions of the sushi due to translate into flavorful rolls. Don't get me wrong, their fish tastes fresh and I'm sure the sashimi would be great. The rolls just have too much rice and too little else. The cream cheese in one of the rolls was barely identifiable. The volcano was the best of the 4 we had and the spider was ok. The others, I literally had to pull the rice off of in order to taste the fish. Have never needed to do this before! I think the prices are fair otherwise. Don't think I'll go back again, unless the menu gets a revamp or they get new sushi chefs. I wonder if they've ever tasted good sushi before...
California Rollin'- how I miss you so!!!!   I just moved to California from Rochester  after living there for 10 years and ever since the move, ive beeen craving for their sushi!!!! I used to go almost every sunday (for the past 8 years) for the 3  roll for $12 deal.   Good sushi starter for those who are sea food phobias - I know many people who hate seafood loves this place.     I alway order the bourbon, bubble beach and a "mystery" roll. I will be going back there the next time I visit Rochester. California Rollin' has become a part of me!
I will start by saying that I only have experience with the Goodman location, so please don't consider this review as indicative of the quality at any other California Rollin'. I've been eating at California Rollin' on Goodman off and on for almost 10 years, and my average experience has only gotten worse during that time. First, don't bother going for anything other than rolls. The combination of ingredients in many of their rolls are unusual and interesting enough that it becomes better than the sum of its parts, while any of the sashimi, nigiri, or chirashi options can't really compare to other places around town. The appetizers are way too expensive for what they are (the seaweed salad is $5.50 and often still has ice chunks in the bottom from the piss-poor thawing job). The one exception to the above rule is when it comes to the dessert. They have really rich and delicious maki style and spring roll style desserts that are worth trying. As many people have said, the service is usually terrible. A soda includes free refills but half the time you won't see your waitress again until you're already done eating anyway. Sitting outside is basically asking to be ignored. I have literally never had such terrible service as when I sit at an outdoor table at this restaurant. Waiting 10+ minutes to order, getting our drinks AFTER the food arrives, and never seeing the waitress again after getting our food are all things that have happened to me multiple times at this location. If you're a sushi lover it can be worth checking out California Rollin' to experience some of the stranger options on the menu. California Rollin' is also a good gateway sushi restaurant (I think the fact that I had my first sushi experience here is one of the few reasons I still tolerate the place at all) since they have a lot of cooked options. They do have some good daily specials... 3 rolls for 12.99 is a hard price to beat (they offer this every day, but Sunday is the only day you get to pick, otherwise it's Chef's choice so order at your own risk). I used to go to California Rollin' about twice a month or so. As prices continue to climb and the service continues to decline that "twice a month" has been reduced to "Hey, does anyone have a Groupon?"
I only go on Sundays because of their $12 for 3 rolls special. I love the Eel roll...I like all the rolls that have bacon or scallion in it. It's so awesome and their plum beer is good too. Its also a really funky place, I love the decor.
I've gone a bunch of times, and the service pretty much is always the same.  The wait on the weekends is between 45 minutes to an hour.  If they start seating people "outside" wait for an inside table; in the winter it's absolutely freezing! The tables outside are lop-sided, and the benches are really uncomfortable. The inside really needs to be remodeled.  The sushi roll selection, however, is great. I love the Carly Roll and Crunchy Spicy Tuna.  I hope they update their place sooner rather than later, because I don't see it lasting much longer.
Personally, I will never go back....The sushi was quite mediocre I make much better sushi at home:*) The service was slow and again, mediocre...Prices are typical for a sushi bar but the quality, taste and presentation of the food was just below my standards. It's a hip little place but doesn't offer much if you know what good sushi really is. All of the tempura'd rolls were horrible...Very rubbery and difficult to chew all in all I am very disappointed.
Great place for sushi.  They have special deals every Wednesday and Sunday.
Great america style sushi! Lots of crazy rolls to try and they are very nice about substituting ingredients.
This use to be the place to go for sushi. Was in town for work, and decided to give it another try. Unfortunately the sushi rolls are short on actual fish, while their pricing remains the same. I use to drive an hour just to eat here, now I wouldn't eat here for free.
Keep it short and simple. Great atmosphere, great people, great food. So what it you have to wait a little bit stay at home if its such a problem. Your out to enjoy yourself , so give yourself more that 45 mins who cares. I love how clean the place is to a definite plus. Some of the best sushi you'll get in..ROCHESTER ny. Small unisex bathroom is the only negative.
I wouldn't say California Rollin' is a traditional sushi restaurant.  It is more like fusion sushi.   You will find lot's of different kinds of rolls that include ingredients like cream cheese, pesto, meat, and fruit.  Personally, I don't care for that kind of sushi. Their wasabi bombers are wasbi infused tobiko and they are fantastic, I continue to go there just for those alone!
I always really enjoy this place. The food is delicious and creative. The menu is very non-traditional with some pretty funky twists on the sushi format. If you are looking for traditional Japanese sushi, I'd say go elsewhere. That's not really what California Rollin' is about. If you are into trying something a little different, I highly recommend it. I also recommend sitting at the bar, where the chef is likely to give you some random free sushi while you wait. The dessert role is fantastic.
The new location in village gate (same building) is great! Much cleaner looking and I'm glad they added a drink bar for while we are waiting for a table but the service and roll quality seems to have decreased since the move. Good selection of rolls and not too over priced but I may have to find a new sushi place because its not worth the frustration of having to wait for everything.
Well, really a mixed visit. First off the Sushi was pretty good, not the best in the city but not bad.Our first visit to new location which is an improvement. The turn off was the people seated behind us. Quite possibly the rudest dinner experience of my life loud fake laughing to conversations with an excessive number of F bombs. When telling the waitress we were cutting our meal short to get away from this, her comment was ( Terrible, i know). The topper to it was that the big mouth idiot was not even a paying costumer, just a visitor to the table. I guess an establishment that allows this really doesn't want my money
OK, I recognize in advance that this is not the sort of distinction that will send waves rippling through the haute cuisine world, but California Rollin' is hands-down Rochester's best sushi joint.  The name is no joke--they're definitely on the nouveau/fusion side of things, stylistically speaking, and some of their concoctions might send purists and traditionalists running for the door, but whoa, Nellie!  Are they tasty!  They've got tempura'd rolls like nobody's business.  They've got rolls with barbecue sauce and even crazier things, like honey mustard or bacon.  Also, their "Spank Me Roll" features wasabi-infused rice and will kick your @ss from here to Osaka in no time flat!  Their daring and imagination are well complemented by some funky and lively decor, a huge aquarium, and friendly, irreverent staff who treat you like family if--like my friend Dennis--you're a reg'lar here.  Definitely a must-do if you're in town...  californiarollin.com
Went here with a friend with a groupon deal. I know the menu warns you that the wait is long but somehow we just didn't think we would wait over an hour for our two rolls. The prices are on average since the rolls are specialty rolls. The taste was mediocre which was disappointing and surprising considering how hungry we were by the time it came. The rolls were pretty big so portion size wasn't an issue. Our waitress was friendly but slow. I don't know if she just had a lot of other tables or something. It took her almost ten minutes to bring drinks and she forgot my Pepsi. And after taking our card it was another good ten minutes before she came back with our receipt. I guess this place would be good for really patient people that are tired of commonly seen rolls. Considering all the other Japanese restaurants around, I wouldn't bother going back.
I've been to California Rollin a couple times at the village gate and another couple times at the beach. I have to say I'm done with both. This past experience at the village gate was just awful.  My wife and I arrived plenty before we wanted to eat as we always do. We walked in and were not even offered a chance to sit at the bar for a drink or two before dinner. We kindly asked if we could grab a drink and sat at the bar. Ohhh, then we noticed the "cash only" sign. I'm so sorry I thought this was 2013, I forgot my bill fold and assumed we could use a more modern form of payment.  I'm just guessing you're not paying sales taxes on your "cash".  You've immediately lost all credibility in my eyes.  Our waitress was no where to be seen as other staff auctioned off what we had ordered. As other Yelpers have mentioned using a groupon here is about impossible. When I have to ask the waitress to kindly charge us more so our $50 groupon is worth more than $36 and change I have a problem. Oh, and alcohol doesn't count. Again, my apologies. I would have assumed your markup was hefty enough on your $4-5 draft beers to cover my groupon. Geesh I might have purchased a few more had I not been so alienated the past hour.  You live and you learn. Go to Umi in Victor. The sushi doesn't come out of ziplock bags, the staff seems to enjoy their job, you don't have to ask for more wasabi from a waitress playing a disappearing act and they'll let you take advantage of modern technology that comes in the form of a piece of plastic.
For at least 10 years California Rollin has been Rochesters premier sushi location. Every time they are consistent with quality and cleanliness. I have had sushi from all over the world including Tokyo (which happened to include several of the worst experiences of all), Canada, California, and many other locations in the United States. I have yet to find one as creative and tasty as California Rollin. I usually do not write reviews but after reading some of the loony anal peoples stupid pet peeves, I figured someone that is somewhat normal should post a review.
I've visited this place twice, one of which was during Wednesday night and both times was dissapointed. First of all this place is NOT run by Japanese, not even Asians. Place is very dirty and it seems like they try to cram tables in the limited space that they have. When I say this place is dirty I mean it, expect dirty tables, unclean sushi plates, floors that needs swipping, and sushi chefs that dosnt care about what they touched before making the sushi. The food it self is generally very dissapointing, I've tried alot of the items on the menu and can honestly maybe only recommend 3 or 4 of them. The sushi is just not very good. Maybe theres a reason why they need the specials every night to attract customers afterall. The only positive thing I can say about this joint is they do produce some innovative sushi, but one visit here is more than enough to satisfy any curiosity. Aregato also offers the all you can eat sushi deal for 20$ but they are much more tasty and just overall better dinning experience.
Both locations of  California Rollins serve excellent sushi.  Fresh ingredients and the soup was so flavorful! Out of towners enjoy trying the spank me roll and ask to go back.
Over priced and not fresh. Great atmosphere, its too bad the food taste old and cheap.
Hit and miss. Good deals and specials.
Good and interesting rolls.  The fish quality is ok, but not stellar.
I love Sushi, just not this Sushi. Anyone who may be even slightly allergic to the idea of germs and possible food contamination might think twice about dinning at this establishment. During a visit on a not-so-distant Sunday, sitting at the Sushi bar you immediately notice that the food preparers are wearing disposable plastic gloves. A goo thing you might say and you;d be correct. Except that while wearing the very plastic gloves they will inevitably handle your raw fish experience with, you notice the preparers suddenly head toward the back kitchen separated from the dinning room by a black heavy, dirty plastic-strip curtain which in the afternoon sunlight looks even dirtier with oils and grime. Now this wouldn't be a problem necessarily were it not for the fact that the same gloves which return to handle your fish, just gripped the dirty plastic curtain which probably has not been cleaned in eons! Not a pretty sight.
