Great experience with the family at Leibman's. It was nice to have authentic kosher deli with the family. I got the number 7, pastrami and corned beef on rye with Cole slaw and Russian dressing which was superb. The pastrami was one of the best I have ever had. My wife had the brisket which was also very good. The kids enjoyed the matzo ball soup and French fries. I will definitely be back when I go back to the Bronx. Two thumbs up!
Pretty, pretty good.  Not Katz's, and (for kosher delis) not Mill Basin, but pretty good.  Difficult to get to by public transport (in Riverdale), but I'm not docking it for that. Pleasant atmosphere, keeping in mind that this is a deli, and not a romantic boite in the Village.  Clean and spiffy.  Deli-like, I suppose.  Aren't they all roughly the same looking? We had the pastrami on rye.  The pastrami was nice and peppery, a thick-ish cut.  A little gristle mixed in to the fat, but nothing troublesome.  The rye, which was toasted, but distinctly feh-mediocre, tasting store-bought.  Mustard was classic deli.  Pickles were fine, though only one sour and one half-sour arrived.  Slaw had too much mayonnaise, but no one goes to a deli for slaw anyway.  Dr. Brown's on the menu, of course, and, of course, priced too high. Service was friendly and efficient. This isn't the deli to end all delis, but it's a nice place for lunch.  If only it were near a subway!
This was my fist time here so I was open minded to whatever came from the kitchen.  I ordered a bowl of Matzoh Ball Soup and a Corned Beef Sandwich sliced thin juicy on seedless rye.   The soup was the biggest disappointment; the bowl had a 6-8 oz capacity with a mushy undercooked matzoh ball in the middle on top of noodles.  Very little broth was Lukewarm at best on top of overcooked noodles.  This menu item is a staple and point of excellence in any deli worth it's chops.  Bummer...., The corned beef sandwich on the other hand was excellent, fresh seedless rye, paper thinly sliced juicy corned beef, with a standard deli mustard.  Yummmm I might come back some day for a sandwich but was disappointed there wasn't a half sandwich and bowl of soup special. If there was I would have been only partially satisfied.  When you are looking for a deli fix, this could be the place......
The pastrami sandwich was good, yet I think pretty small for $14.  The matzo ball soup was flat and tasteless.  Had to add salt and pepper to give flavor.  The service was lacking.  Had to ask for water and bread for soup and it simply took a long time for a sandwich considering the place was dead.   Then the waiter stop by and was fishing for a complement.  As opposed to saying how is everything?  Or can I get you anything, he asked its good, right??   This for $22 for soup and sandwich equals 1 star in my book.
Went with the overstuffed pastrami sandwich here because Loeser's had just closed, and we were not disappointed. Friendly counter staff and the classic brusque cashier. nytimes.com/2014/11/02/n…
One of our favorite kosher delis.  Second only to the 2nd Ave Deli.    It's a great place to eat with the family.   We love the stuffed cabbage, corn beef, pastrami, turkey with chopped liver and the salami.   The matzo ball soup is always good too although it could be a little hotter.     It's the same wait staff every time we're there and they're always very friendly.   Mothers Bakery is right next door and that's a great place to pick up some cookies for dessert!
An old-school Jewish diner, located in an old-school Jewish neighbourhood, serving up old-school Jewish fare the right way. What else could you want? Their sandwiches are stacked high and taste blissfully good. Their service is friendly. And they have 50's music playing in the background. This place is a no-brainer. GO. YALLA!
Love this place!  Everything's delicious.  The sandwiches are to die for.  An authentic atmosphere and the owner and his workers are  so pleasant. This place is in Manhattan and I live in the Bx, so I go out of my way when I want a hot Pastrami sandwich, or some Hot Dogs & Knishes.  I'm getting hungry just typing this!  Bottom line it's great!!
Best Kosher Deli in the Bronx!!! The turkey was fresh roasted and juicy, the pastrami sandwich was exploding with the most delicious lean meat, the chicken noodle soup with a Matzah ball is the best in the world!!! I also took some pickles to go. Excellent lunch, this place is good for whatever ails you!!
I had a craving for an old school New York style pastrami sandwich, and asked a local friend to join me in my quest for a taste of nostalgia.  Naturally, she agreed because food. Atmosphere:  Deli in the front, old school diner in the back (with 50s background music to boot).  Seems that the place is quite popular with locals of all shapes and stripes. Service:  Quite friendly, though busy.  The server was very kind, and offered to take my soggy umbrella before taking our orders.  And he didn't judge us too harshly when my friend asked for cheese on her sandwich, and sour cream for her latke (we were in a Kosher spot, after all- derp!). Food: OMG!  So...as mentioned earlier, I had the pastrami sandwich, with a side of fries.  Quite honestly, it's the best pastrami I've ever tasted in my life.  It had the right amount of saltiness, and was so juicy and tender that it melted in my mouth.  Not to mention, they pile on the right amount of meat to fill up your belly.  Immediate love. The fries are thick cut and fried to a nice crunch.  I liked them okay, but usually prefer my pommes frites shoestring style. My friend had the reuben, with the potato latke.  She's not on Yelp, but says that her sandwich gets two thumbs up.   They also give you a generous amount of dill pickles and cole slaw to eat with your meal.  I actually hate cole slaw in general because it's just a gross, soggy mess drowned in excess mayo; however, Liebman's makes a very good slaw with crunchy, juilenne-style cabbage.   I was able to finish my sandwich- my homegirl took her second half to go.  We were stuffed, happy ladies. I love this place, because it reminds me of the New York I remember.  I'm dragging my mother to this place next time she visits!
oh boy, Jewish soul food.  music from the 50's and 60's.  decor, too.  from the derma to the corned beef/brisket/pastrami on soft thin rye.....1/2 sour pickles.....derma......varnishkas.......kugel.....­..man oh man. worth the drive from nj and the calories.
YUMMY!  When I get a craving for real old school NY kosher deli: sour pickles (half sours for the wimps out there), hot dogs, potato knishes, rye bread and mustard,  Liebman's DELIVERS! I'm obligated to point out that if your kosher, kosher Liebman's isn't certified. Since such things don't 09 mn9matter to me,  I'm never disappointed and always happily stuffed when I leave.  It's comfort food at it's best. I'm a big fan of the Matzoh ball soup, it's my go to when I'm not feeling well.  Sandwiches are huge and filled with meaty goodness.   Liebman's isn't a tourist spot, like Katz's.  It is a neighborhood restaurant.  They have notices about nearby happenings and I usually run into folks I know when I stop by.   Staff are friendly and parking (which can be a pain in Riverdale) is easy. Takeout is also a breeze.  Prices, well Liebman's, like all kosher delis, isn't cheap but who can put a price on tradition!.
Such a great Jewish deli that has maintained its quality through the years.  No place is better for a great pastrami sandwich. Yes, I have been to Katz's, 2nd Ave Deli, and the others - all great too, but I put Liebman's at the top for taste, quality and value.  The friendly, attentive staff gets 5 stars along with the food!
A solid New York Jewish deli with good matzah ball soup, pastrami, franks, knishes, and most of everything you might want from a place like this.
So what's that song? party in the front, business in the back? LOL. Sorry, just had to. Moving on! Front of house is more like a deli counter and back of house is seating area for diners. Its a bit outdated with plastic booth seating along the walls, but this place is the real deal! Walk in, find a seat, hail one of the servers and order your meal. Recently, I've had a split pea soup and a fried chicken sandwich with a side of fries- SO GOOD. The chicken was a honking piece of moist chicken w/lettuce and tomatoes. The Hubby usually gets the same, but periodically gets Pastrami or a burger- both are good choices. Each meal comes with a side of coleslaw or pickles which is nice and refreshing. Wash it allllll down with a Dr. Brown's cream soda. Actually, I usually have to take half of my food home. Its a really big serving!  I love that at this point, some of the servers know us by name. That's always cool for a local joint!
Nice Deli been going there for years.Staff is friendly and treats you like family.I am not Jewish,I am Puerto Rican I learn about Deli Food from my Jewish Friends.You got to go visit,enjoy a meal.The pastrami and corn beef is the best I have eaten in the BRONX.When I go, I go with my family and have great time.When I enter and exit there is always a hand shake and a hung from the staff and good wishes to each other.That's a place you want continue to go to.Don't forget got to try the Hot Dogs. ENJOY.
The best pastrami on rye. I love the hot dog w/ potato salad and  mustard. No need to go to the city you can make two sandwiches out of one.
This is a real old school Jewish deli in the Bronx and I can see why it's been around for many years. The elders spoke to me about this establishment and I've been told to listen to them. Glad I did.   Hearing much about their beef brisket sandwich, I decided that would be the best option. Normally I go for a pastrami on rye when I'm at a Jewish deli but occasionally I mix things up a bit. Everything here looked good so I knew I couldn't go wrong. I knew once I stepped in here I would be getting quality food. The beef brisket sandwich was the real deal. I've had a lot of dry briskets at other places but this was cooked just right. The gravy they added gave it the right moisture it needed. Not surprising, the sour pickle they threw in was stellar as well. I'm kind of kicking myself for not getting a knish because they looked really good too. Looks like I'm going to have to make this place a normal pit stop whenever I pass through the Riverdale section via the Henry Hudson pwy. Either that, or change religeons and move up here.
The matzo ball soup is DELICIOUS...my favorite on a cold day or when I'm not feeling well. The brisket sandwich is also very tasty...oh and the hot dogs! Everything here is good...the only downside is the delivery minimum is $25...but I usually just order a few soups to eat for a couple days and that takes care of it.
Came in here on Saturday to score some serious sandwiches. Got pastrami on rye and corned beef with mustard on a roll. Brought sandwiches home. First: I gotta say our orders were packed up beautifully. They gave us these extra little cups of mustard - so necessary. Comes with pickles, full sour or half sour. My pastrami was ok, not great. 3 star pastrami. My corned beef was 5 stars. Nice bit of fat here and there, a ludicrous pink color, salty and delicious. Exactly what you would hope to get. I do think it could have been bigger for the price. I've paid less for sandwiches that were bigger. Check my pics. Watch out the *mini* black and white cookies on the counter are $1 each O_o
Worst experience ever. After coming here for 7 years I will never go back. They gave me my receipt and told me to go pay. While I was paying I heard the guy at the deli counter say here's your food, when I turned around it was gone. The owner then said he saw me take my bag from the man. I said I didn't because I was paying the cashier when he said my food was ready. He responded by calling me a F---ing liar. At that point I asked for a refund because of the insult and he refused at first saying he would then be out the money. After arguing and being threatened by the delivery boy he finally reluctantly gave me my money back. He then followed me out of the restaurant where he called me a P@$$y, and a C#$t. In the end he lost more than the 41 dollars I was charged, he lost my business as well as my extended families business. He could have fixed this either by offering to re-make my food -- since I never received it. Or simply looking at his cameras to see that they handed the food to the wrong man while I was paying, and that I wasn't "a F@#$ing" liar like he said.
Great pastrami sandwich , not too fatty with some other places. Pickles/  coleslaw are great too. Potato pancake is great too.
Liebman's Deli is Riverdales neighborhood Deli. Just like you can't get away with a lousy Italian restaurant on Arthur Avenue, you can't put a Deli in Riverdale, predominantly Jewish families, and get away with it. Hey listen, I'm Jewish and I know about these things. The pastrami and corned beef set the standard. I enjoy the sandwich with both served with a piece of stuffed derma, french fries and gravy. To die for. Period.
Great food, but not-so-great service. They've gotten my order wrong when dining in. They've lost my pick-up orders. They've been obscenely late with delivery orders (30-45 minutes estimated, but over 75 minutes in actuality). Like I said: their food is great. Yes, I'm generally comfortable with dropping $12 for a sandwich at this joint...but their service has been lousy. Lousy at the table, lousy for pick-up, lousy for delivery. So consistently lousy at this point that it's hard for me to continue justifying spending money at this place.
$10 delivery charge and I'm not even a mile away?!...boi.bye!..thas exactly wat I told him.wish I kuld give no stars.
When you have more reviews for Staten Island than the Bronx, you know it's time to reevaluate your priorities. I'm always down for some deli, so off to Liebman's, where booths are still stylin'. The chicken soup is really good. Many delis use bouillon or other pre-made stocks in their chicken soup, but the broth here tasted like it was homemade - hearty but not salty - and I think there were pieces of chicken in it. The pastrami, however, is so-so. Good pastrami - not healthy pastrami, but good pastrami - is nice and fatty and flavorful, but Liebman's is on the drier side and nothing to crow about. At our waiter's recommendation I went with the fried square knish over the baked round one. While the potato filling was tasty, if the knish had been fried at one point, it wasn't fresh; the outside was soft and soggy instead of dry and a little crisp. Also, Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda. Yes! Liebman's is a neighborhood institution, and while it's not the best deli I've ever had, it's definitely respectable. Delis like this are a dying breed and while I don't think I'd trek out of my way for it again, I'm glad that it's here. PS - If you're planning on taking the subway here, be prepared for a hike up four flights of stairs!
I had the beef manhattan with kishka and fries and HOLY SMOKES OMG WTF BBQ IT WAS GOOD!!!1111 Seriously, this is the best deli at which I have ever eaten. I was happy the entire time I was there. Though it is a little bit dingy the food makes up for it. My girlfriend got the matza ball noodle soup and I had some of that and it was equally as good. No matter where you are or who you are, get yourself to Liebman's for some authentic delicatessen. It's srsly that good. Every time I am back in the area I want to go, but don't always make it. Starting now, whenever I am back in da Bronx, I am going to make sure to go there.
This is the real deal, and about as good a kosher Deli as you will find within 50 miles. They make their own everything, they do not take shortcuts, they know how to cook, they are friendly and courteous and wonderful, and the prices are really very fair. A loaded kosher dog and real home-made potato knish for 5 bucks... such a deal! True story... my 85 year old mother was in a rehab nearby and not doing well... loosing weigh like crazy and small to begin with. The only thing that kept her going for four months were the Leibmans sandwiches, soup and knishes I brought in for her... they literally saved her life. And when she heard she was sick, they gave her extra pickles... does it get any better than that? Go and enjoy Boychick...
When visiting me in Washington Heights my father decided he wanted a corned beef sandwich. So we looked online and discovered Liebman's was just a short trip away in Riverdale. Not expecting much, we wandered in and ended up having a surprisingly wonderful lunch.  Their soups are warm and rich and wonderful and their sandwiches piled high with fresh meats.  Dad had his corned beef and mom and I shared a turkey sandwich on rye. We all shared an order of thick handcut french fries. Service is remarkably friendly and you feel like you might have wandered into someone's kitchen instead of a restaurant. If you find yourself in the area definitely make it a point to stop in!
GREAT Deli fare. AMPLE portions. FANTASTIC at helping you figure out what you want to try. WONDERFUL about letting you taste things. I won't be the first or the last to sing Liebman's praises. The real reason I keep coming are the hot dogs. First, they're kosher, so I know it's all beef, and somewhere, somehow, this makes me feel better about stuffing my face with them. Secondly, they are cooked to perfection... you know what I mean... nice and crispy on the outside, just the way Gray's Papaya on 6th and 8th makes them, only plumper. Finally,  OH, the toppings. $5 will get you 2 hot dogs with everything on them, and one big fat smile on your face when you're done scarfing them down.
Just tried my first Pastrami sandwich ever, and it's everything I imagined it to be! I decided to keep it traditional: rye bread, pastrami, spicy mustard. That's it. The pastrami was very tender and delicious, the rye bread was soft, and the mustard added even more flavor. FWIW, I'm not too big on mustard personally, so I tried one half of the sandwich with Russian dressing. Now that was awesome! All in all, I'm a pastrami fan now. Coming back soon to try the brisket!
I came here once randomly after a trip to Wave Hill.  Let's just say this was my first and only pick for my post-first-marathon meal.  The chicken salad is so perfect!  I sometimes want to just rub my face in it.  The pickles bring me such joy, especially because they're perfect, huge and tasty.  And I love the cole slaw, too.  Great service, huge menu (although I'm sure I'll only ever eat the chicken salad, it's that perfect), kickass simple food.
What memories I have of this place!   It really is perfect.  The food is excellent--whether you like corned beef or knishes, franks or potato pancakes.  The prices are reasonable and the dining area is modestly appointed. I go here every time I'm in Riverdale... anytime I'm anywhere near Riverdale.
I came here for the Pastrami sandwich. it was good but DAMN ! 10.50$ for a small pastrami sandwich ??? Its good , but not 10$ good !!! Fornthe price you would think it will be bigger but it is tiny by my standards. I wish their prices were reasonable ...smh #FAIL
Wow - Liebman's corned beef is seriously comparable to Katz's, and less expensive.  The matzoh ball soup is *almost* better than my grandmom's - like, crazy good, with lots of dill.  Puts the Bronx in a whole new light.
Even though Liebman's Deli is a "schlep" as they may say, it is definitely a worthwhile trek and stands up there as one of the best, if not the best delis in New York City.  It's right up there with Katz's as far as quality, but it's much cheaper and has far fewer humans to dodge inside.  Upon arriving at 231st street in the Bronx via the 1 train, the deli is just 'over the river and through the woods' or in this case, 'over the park and through the nabe.'  This northwestern area of the Bronx is extremely hilly, so what appears to be a 10-15 minute walk from the train is actually more arduous than what you would expect and takes more like 20 minutes.  You get to walk through the beautiful, yet highly elevated Ewen Park, and navigate through Spuyten Duyvil's varied homes to arrive at a place that will make the whole trip worth it.   The pastrami is juicy, hot, fresh, and is so soft it melts in your mouth.  Their combo sandwiches hit the spot like turkey, roast beef, and cole slaw on rye.  All cuts of meats and open face sandwiches have been great here.  The potato salad, cole slaw, the fries, the frankfurters... everything here is delicious.  Of course, they also have all of your beloved pre-requisite New York deli sodas including but not limited to Dr. Brown's.  The employees are kind, polite, helpful, and so much more low key than Manhattanite deli employees.  It's one of those few, legitimate, old school New York Jewish delis surviving from an era most of us can only imagine or dream about.  This deli is a genuine taste of old New York and the area is a curious place to explore- especially with Wave Hill and Riverdale Park nearby offering gorgeous nature respites and breathtaking views of the New Jersey palisades.  Liebman's is an elite deli worth taking a trip for.
Best pastrami sandwich you'll have in NY, Katz's be damned, with virtually no lineup, that classic Riverdale gruff-but-competent-and-deep-down-you-know-they-­appreciate-your-patronage service, and reasonable prices too (as far as pastrami sandwiches go, which really isn't saying much). Kasha knish is great too, although make sure you get it hot.
Love this place! This most recent visit I ordered a chef's salad. I ordered Salami and Turkey and received Baloney and Turkey. I'd never before eaten Baloney and wouldn't again. I picked off the pieces but chose not to complain or send my salad back. The huge rolls of deli turkey were more than enough food. They serve their salads with white vinegar (which I prefer to red or balsamic) and olive oil. They don't have any other dressing (I think) than Russian. My husband always gets the same order. Pastrami on Rye with a little bit of chopped liver. I always eat some of his Pastrami. It's really good. Their coleslaw is fantastic. Very flavorful and not too much mayo. It's crunchy, not soggy. Their pickles, of which they serve about 10 for just two people, are also great. This place has that old-school Jewish deli thing going on and it really works for them.
A true deli.  Has been there forever and still does it right.  Great hot dogs., but everything I've tried here is always great.   Like the booths and old  time comfort feel of the place.  Good take out, nice and hot. Whether you want a full meal or just a great pastrami sandwich - this is the place.
I don't know where to start. We ate a TON of food!!!! I went with my boyfriend and a friend and we ordered a lot! We shared everything, so it was manageable, but I still ate the boys under the table lol To start we had Hot Dogs, what's not to love about a NY Deli Dog?!?  We then had some Matzo Ball soup with noodled. I tried the broth, which was excellent. I am WAY to picky with my Matzo Balls. I need to make them and they need to be hard as rocks. This was a typical soft Matzo ball. I am sure it was delicious if you like soft balls (that's what she said?! lol) I had an order of chopped liver. It was beyond good. Chopped liver is my childhood favorite and this was amazing!! Creamy but not TOO creamy, just a perfect flavor. My boyfrien usually has a small taste of chopped liver when I get it or make it, but I had to fight him for the liver here. Let's just say, I won!!! But the fact he liked it that much speaks volumes! The rye was also excellent. It was soft, just perfect. Only think that could make it better would be caraway seeds, but wow, this non bread eater ate about 6 slices alone with the liver. The pickles and slaw were spot on! I had some of the stuffed derma (Kishke if you are more familiar with that name) It was covered in a scrumptious paprika sauce. So good. For the mains I had a half & half sandwich, one half tongue one half hard salami. The hard salami had almost a pepperoni feel to it in regards to a slight spice (not spicy!!) It's hard for me to describe but I loved it, it had been ages since I'd had hard salami. The tongue was lean and delicious. It was sliced nice and thin and melted in my mouth.Our friend had the hard salami as well. My boyfriend had a pastrami burger, and i tried the pastrami. KILLER!! The burger with the pastrami on top was MASSIVE. They did not skimp on the pastrami which was great, worth the price for sure!. I know people generally complain about the prices of food at Kosher Delis but it's everything we had at Liebman's was worth every red cent of the price. I also didn't think it was expensive, it's the price of going out for deli anywhere in NY in my opinion. It's an awesome old school Kosher deli from the 50s. It's family owned and operated the entire time. What is NOT to love about all of that?! If you are into GOO deli, come here. Just do it!
You see what all these nice people are writing about Liebman's? It's true. Liebman's is timeless. It's just like the best kosher neighborhood delis of the past. The food is that good. Liebman's has been at its current location since the 50's.  Me and my kids have been have been eating there for over 10 years.  There's almost no place else I could take them for the real thing (Katz's??? you must be kidding). What are you waiting for?
I was in Washington Heights visiting some friends, and they recommended we hope over to the Bronx for a Sunday afternoon fress at Liebman's, and I'm glad we listened to them.  My pastrami on rye was delicious--very flavorful, and not too fatty--and my wife's whitefish salad on a sesame bagel was reeeeally good, with huge chunks of whitefish (I like it a little smokier, but it was excellent nonetheless).  The coleslaw they gave us was that perfect deli coleslaw: light on the mayo.  And the pickles were pretty good too.  Plus it was great to be at a NY deli that doesn't double as a tourist trap.   All in all, if you're not already in the Bronx, it's worth the trip to Riverdale to get your deli fix at Liebman's.  We'll definitely be heading back. P.S. An added bonus, if you still have any room left, is the kosher bakery right next door, which had some good looking cookies.
I have not eaten here in about 18 years, I gave up meat! This place has the most delicious hot dogs that burst in your mouth and potato knishes filled with mustard and sour kraut. I can still taste it to this very day. If I was being executed it might be my choice for a last meal, but it would definitely be the appetizer!
Why go to Katz! Always on point for the days you would want to become an overstuffed item, after eating one. PASTRAMI & BRISKET &  KNISHES, oh my!
I love when winding up at random places on a Sunday evening. So for a girl living on the UES in Manhattan, a Kosher Jewish deli in Riverdale is about as random as it gets. My boyfriend actually lives 5 minutes away, and I'm so glad we discovered it because I'll have to go back to give it another chance. I've been to a ton of Jewish delis and I don't know what I was thinking ordering falafel. I was just in the mood for it! They did a pretty good job though and the chicken soup was excellent. Next time though, it will be matzoh ball soup and a Reuben.
Went here today for the second time.  The first time was about a month ago because I was in the area and they had good reviews.  This time was a specific trip just for them, coming from about 55 miles away.  They are that good.  The pastrami and corned beef is to die for.  The first time I had the burger with pastrami on it which was huge and delicious.  Today we were greeted like old friends as they remembered us from the last visit, which was pleasant.  Today I had the cold cut platter with corned beef, pastrami, and brisket.  My wife got the same platter but with pastrami, turkey, and roast beef.  We agreed it would be difficult to choose again.  The roast beef was fine but wouldn't get it again.  The rest was quite exceptional.  My sister came this time and got a #7 sandwich.  There was confusion about her order, she wanted extra lean.  They quickly and politely made another one that was huge, super lean, beautiful, and delicious.  To bring home we all got some meats plus their frankfurters.  We had the frankfurters last time and they were ranked among the best by all of us.  We also got some knishes but haven't tried them yet.  We got franks in a jacket to bring home last time and they were fantastic and unique.  Overall superb quality food, very friendly and helpful staff, and a great experience.  I just wish they were closer or did mail order. If you want traditional, best-of-the-best food in a comfortable atmosphere, you can't beat this place.  We will most certainly return!
Small kosher deli in the heart of the Bronx. Definitely hard to find if you aren't specifically looking out for it. Their hot dogs are pretty solid and I had the #4 sandwich with turkey and roast beef and it was tasty. I wish there was a lunch special or combo but I definitely enjoyed it and I would return. I wouldn't get the potato salad though.
Very good kosher diner.  We had pastrami on rye which was homemade. Potato knish was a bit underseasoned but good otherwise.   Delicious coleslaw.  Not crazy about the pickles.
It's a little out of the way but in my opinion this place is hands down the best Jewish Kosher Deli in New York that I have tried. Everything I ate, from their Rueben sandwiches to Pastrami, Falafel, Potato Salad and Knishes etc was just hands down excellent. You can actually taste the pride of ownership that goes into the food preparation. A must eat for any serious conneiseur of Jewish deli food and great value for money too.
Yea Pastrami!! Great food, nice friendly service.   It was great to see and experience a real Old school place that is not crazy expensive.   All the food was great, and When we noted that the potato pancake was rubbery, Akon went To the kitchen and fried one fresh.  That's the type of service that Keeps the doors open and people coming in.   Good job, Liebman's, for holding down the old neighborhood.
Went for the traditional Pastrami on Rye with mustard, a pickle and a knish. It's good, not great but good.  if you are not in the mood to drive to Katz Deli in the City, this will do. $10 bucks for sandwich at Liebmans, $16 at Katz..... Katz is twice as big, 5 times better but you need to travel to NYC. All things being equal. Go to NYC.
I could eat here everyday! Great Kosher comfort food. The homemade Matzo ball soup, pastrami, coleslaw and pickles are fantastic.  Frankly, I've never had anything here that I didn't love. Very friendly service -- I went here with two gentile friends, who attempted to order a cheeseburger and a ham and cheese sandwich.  We all had a good laugh and my friends received a quick explanation of Kosher law.  I know it's strange, but this really impressed me.  They can be a bit slow, but who cares though, I don't want to leave!
This is a staple in our house - We stop in over the weekend to stock up. The Chicken Salad, Tuna Salad, and Matzo Ball Soup (My daughter's favorite) are seriously awesome. The chicken broth is homemade, and not that over-salted bouillon broth from some restaurants They are always super friendly in here which is aways a plus.
Great food, friendly staff....excellent experience every time.  Definitely try pastrami sandwich.
I'm not Jewish but i love Jewish delis. This place is great, would rank it up there with 2nd Ave Deli and Katz's but like half the price. Had pastrami, matzo ball soup, stuffed cabbage, potato pancakes, pickles. Their matzo ball soup is great, maybe the best I've had. I really liked the stuffed cabbage but my wife thought the sauce was a touch sweet (its sweet and sour). Service was good too.
What you see is what you get at Liebmans. If you want an old school style truly Jewish deli... you've got it here. I grew up in Riverdale,  Liebman's has always been there for me, definitely not a fly by night establishment... I have now lived out in California for over 16 years, but still long for the perfect Liebman's hot dog. To me this place brings back great memories of childhood - of a care free day. My favorites are definitely the grilled hot-dogs (the perfect amount of crispiness on the outside), the fries and the potato knishes. Their traditional deli - roast turkey, corned beef and pastrami has improved dramatically over the years (i recommend a pastrami sandwich with deli mustard and cole slaw - yes, cole slaw right on the sandwich), and they sell a kosher pickle that it without peer (lest you take a drive down to the lower east side). If you are daring, they serve a traditional sliced deli tongue (now, you have to be into hard core deli meat to appreciate the art of making good tongue :P ). In a decade and a half in Northern California, I've yet to find a hot dog that can compare. They also make great catering plates - for a variety of needs over the years, my family has ordered deli plates from Liebman's and has not been let down. Liebman's almost makes me think of moving back east... but alas...
Real Jewish deli still exists in the Bronx - and I found it at Liebman's. Over the years I have watched in dismay as these great places closed their doors, one after another. A tip sent me here on a recent visit, and boy am I grateful. As soon as I walked in, the memories came flooding back, which were reinforced when the food was served. I ordered the special - soup, choice of knish, latke or fries, sandwich, served with cole slaw and two kinds of pickles. I ordered matzoh ball soup - not great, but good, with golden broth, lots of fine egg noodles, tender carrots, and a large matzoh ball which was light and airy. The knish was out of a time machine - golden brown, somewhat chewy crust wrapped around a smooth, flavorful potato filling. Topped with some of the house mustard, this was a delight. My pastrami sandwich was not an overstuffed behemoth, but rather a sane amount of tasty pastrami on serviceable rye bread. Taken as a whole, this was a very good sandwich. The cole slaw was crisp and fresh tasting. The only disappointment were the pickles - both the dill and the half sours were nondescript. The tariff for this meal was a very fair 12.99 + + I was tempted to order a grilled hot dog - they looked delicious, but I had my fill for one day. Next time, we'll get one of those. The experience of being smack dab in the middle of the Jewish delis of my youth was worth far more. Recommended - and hurry - places like this have a way of disappearing when one isn't paying attention.
I really love Liebman's because they give me a great pastrami sandwich at a price I can afford and they treat me like a customer.
In the downtown of Riverdale there are many culinary choices, however for over all quality and amazing taste, Liebman's has no equal.  Try the pastrami reuben, you will see that even Katz's on the lower east side cannot match this deli classic from Liebman's.
That's the best deli I have been to. Very friendly, unpretentious, copious plates, good deli stuff... I love my neighborhood...
Their Matza Ball Soup is always wonderful!  I'm definitely gonna miss this place when I move.
This place is the real deal. Everything is freshly-prepared.  I had a turkey sandwich made with fresh-carved deli-thin turkey meat,  spicy mustard & delicious rye bread.  My partner had a nova bagel sandwich with a mountain of lox.  Everything that went by our table also looked amazing.  And the service was terrific.  Not cheap, but a great value for what you get.  I will be back!!
The Bronx has a long, proud tradition of Jewish Kosher  delis, but in the last 20 years their numbers have dwindled precipitously. Liebman's in Riverdale is doing its best to maintain the Bronx deli tradition. The pastrami, chicken soup, and the French fries are all very solid and represent the boro very well. Eating at Liebman's, and believe me, is Still Great.  I tried their Corned Beef, Pastrami, & Tongue. Their homemade Kasha Knishes are really good.& they are baked, The Potato are square & fried. Regretfully you can't get a side of Schmaltz, for your sandwich.  No It's Not KATZ'S, But it's nice & in a great neighborhood & still has 2 HR. Parking meters at 25Cents for a half hour. 552 West 235th Street Bronx, NY 10463; 718-548-4534; liebmansdeli.com;  They also do catering & take out. They seem to have a steady neighborhood clientèle. For the Explorers, as you walk down their block, you will find a Kosher Butcher, Baker, & Fish Market. So stop reading & go Essen.& Nosh                 Lenny
The best pastrami, corned beef, brisket and salami & tongue combination you can find. Order either one and a plate of their remarkable, thick-cut, crinkled fries with a Dr. Brown's cream soda and you are in heaven. Pickles and delicious cole slaw come with the order, The waiters are friendly and professional and by all means bring the kids, they love them there.
I come from LA.  Where I get very annoyed at having to pay $15 for a deli sandwich (except at Canter's, where for some reason, anything's permissible, even matzo ball soup with no veggies in it).  At Liebman's, not only is the food good, but the people who work there (especially Carlos) are super awesome and nice.  Good deli, fair prices (sandwiches are about $8, huge ones are $10-11).  Plus they have tongue, which ain't your lengua taco, but it's good!  Try some!
This place is great, the sandwiches are wonderful!! packed with whatever you asked for!...and the sides are fresh and tastey
Liebmans is your traditional jewish deli. The pastrami is passable (it's no katz's, but its pastrami). They seem to have everything you expect from a jewish deli down to the Dr. Browns Cel-Ray soda. It's worth a trip if you don't want to trek into manhattan for jewish deli.
Having heard awesome things about Liebman's, my husband and I just had to visit for lunch one weekend. We each got a sandwich (my husband got Pastrami and I got grilled chicken) and were MORE than satisfied with both the size and taste of our meals. The place has a great local feel and the service was good. We will definitely return.
GREAT brisket, and we definitely liked the open-faced hot turkey sandwich. The potato salad wasn't great, but cole slaw, mashed potatoes, and pickles all got our approval. We'll be coming back now that we moved to the area!
Food gets 4 stars. I tried both the pastrami and corned beef...both were very good; juicy, flavorful, properly sliced...just like it should be. 5 stars for the guys behind the counter. 2 well made and well packaged sandwiches by guys who know what they're doing. 2 stars for the unaccommodating hostess/cashier. Yes, it was 20 minutes before closing, but it only takes 10 minutes to eat a sandwich. Instead we had to get it 'to go' and ate outside on the hood of our car...and finished long before they actually closed. Fortunately it stopped raining.
This is the real deal. Though I found the corned beef a tad on the dry side, it was plentiful and delicious. The cole slaw was to die for. And everything I saw behind the glass looked great.
Delicious pastrami, knishes, falafel and hot dogs (with sauerkraut!). Soup is not as good as Second Ave Deli in the city, but still good. If you are in Riverdale, this is the place to eat.
Delish. Delish. Delish.  We found this gem by accident.  We were searching on Yelp for another Jewish Kosher Deli in the Riverdale area and discovered Liebman's.  Wow.  Their pastrami hit it out of the park.  Tender, high quality meat.   Amazing deli sandwiches without the midtown prices.  Friendly staff serving the freshest of food.  Can't wait to go back and try everything else.
Looking for tender lean Corned Beef; try the Reuben sandwich. Whether in the mood for a simple hot dog or Knisch or a full Kosher entree, this is the place. Cole slaw & sour pickles top it all off.
The food is superior -- the best kosher deli that I have ever been to. The kreplach soup and weight watchers delight with Turkey are two of my favorites. Plus - the staff is accomodating and nice.
If I'm in the mood for a pastrami or matzo ball soup, I come here.  I also had a bite of one of their hot dogs and I have to say, it was a good dog.  Reliable, tasty deli fare.
You can be confident that the food at Liebman's is fresh and good.  I'm never disappointed.  The only problem I have, (thus only three stars) is I dread dealing with the cashier when I order for delivery.  She often starts out nice, but before the call is over, becomes somewhat abrasive.  It seems she must be the boss, she must be the one in control.  I've always been pleasant to her; she should be the same in return.  I am a customer.
Delicious food.  The pastrami, corned beef, latkes, hot dogs, and soups are all delicious!  Take out or waiter service in the back.  Cannot wait to go back!
Excellent food, OUTSTANDING service! Living around the area, wish I knew about them sooner! Will definitely be back! The people who call Riverdale a "culinary wasteland" need to check this place out, they'll change their mind after one visit!
Perhaps not the best Kosher deli in NY, but I would certain classify as good to very good. Had Matzoh Ball Soup which was 8 out of 10 and a combo pastrami and turkey (off the bird) sandwich. Pastrami was very lean - moreso than at many other delis but it could have used a little more time being cured/smoked. Still, it was really good. Pickles and cole slaw were brought to the table which were crispy and sour - yum. Tried a co-diner's french fries and they were excellent. Service was excellent and attentive. All in all, I can't see why there are so many negative comments about food in Riverdale. This one's worth going back to.
Excellent pastrami and knishes. Very friendly service. Good pickles and cole slaw comes with the sandwiches.  Second only to Katz's, but I live in the city, so it's closer. Much better than overvalued Carnegie or Stage, which should be avoided at all costs.
Learn how to make a great potato pancake, knishes that don't have a crust that tastes like cardboard, sauteed onions for your frankfurters that aren't burnt and greasy, and why does one have to know the secret to a great turkey sandwich is having to specify 'off the bone' or otherwise one gets some boring, even saltier version of Boar's Head.  There are sadly so few delis left in NYC and if Liebman's had any worthwhile competition it would have closed a long time ago.
I have eaten Pastrami at all of the famous Jewish Deli's in NYC (2nd ave, Katz, etc) and I can say with confidence that Liebman's is up there with the best.  5 stars.
Another great Riverdale institution that has been in business for over 50 years. From their pastrami to their chicken soup, everything at this old Jewish Delicatessen is outstanding. I am also a huge fan of their chicken salad and hot dogs. Be sure to also stop at Mother's on the way home for their wonderful baked goods.
love this place.  the wait staff is awesome. love the coleslaw and the home made pickles.  the hotdogs are kosher and made in house, a little expensive at $4 ea.  it doesn't look like much from the street but you have to check out this place!!
Pastrami is to die for.  Not those obscenely stuffed sandwiches at Stage or Canegie in Manhattan, but just right.  Melts in your mouth.  Everything on the menu is top quality.  Very friendly waitstaff.  Old school Jewish deli food.  If you are in Riverdale, certainly worth checking out.  Not exactly cheap, but worth it.
Went there last week - not great. There were only two tables in use on this mid-week Kate afternoon and they forgot my order!  Pastrami was OK - not great. Better  last time. So at best inconsistent.
Delicious old school kosher food with excellent service. Worth the schlep!
YUMMMY!!!!! corn beef pastrami and rye. smoked whitefish salad and all the classics i grew up with. this is comfort food at its best. bonus great pickles.
The best deli in Riverdale. Great pastrami sandwich, great hot dogs. This is top food and pretty much the best in this general area.
Great service, and the best roast beef sandwich sandwiches in the city. Period. Their hot dogs are also AMAZING. A real Bronx gem. My wife and I go there all the time, and pray we can get a seat.
Happiness is a Warm overstuffed corn beef on Rye and most anything else they serve :-)   I've been eating there for 3 years, Never disappointed.  Place is always crowded Staff is friendly.
I learned about Liebman's while channel surfing one night & the restaurant was featured on "Bronx Flavor." Am so glad I did! What others have said about Liebman's being the real deal is true. It is a warm reminder of the kosher delis of my childhood. This is Jewish comfort food at its best. My mother used to make the best potato pancakes. NOTHING I had ever tasted at other delis had even come close ... until I tried one at Liebman's. It reminded me so much of my mother's, that I'm a little embarassed to admit I got teary eyed. Mom didn't make her latkes often, so it was always a special treat when she did. Mom's in a nursing home now, so when it's nice out, we bring her food from Liebman's, sit in the garden & have a wonderful picnic. The staff is wonderful & always greets us warmly with a big hug. They treat us like family. Damn, I'm craving a pastrami sandwhich just thinking about Liebman's!
