I have gone to this restaurant many times since discovering it in White Plains and have never had a bad meal.  Everything is fresh and delicious.   I love going to this place at lunch for the really reasonably priced lunch special and then having a very well made turkish coffee with the included desert. I brought my family here for dinner and even the kids enjoyed it. It's all around very delicious food.  I highly recommend this place for Turkish style food.  I'm not familiar with any other place in the Westchester area that even compares. One thing though, it feels more like a takeout place with some seating so don't expect a fancy eating out experience here when eating there.  It's very casual.  But it's comfortable and I saw people at the next table bring a bottle of wine when they went there and were brought some wine glasses so I guess you can BYOB.
I had spinach with rice, garlic and yogurt that was just so excellent. Service very nice. Pitas super. Will return to try more.
Great staff and service! I've gotten the Adana, veggies, rice, and hummus like 5 times in the last two months and I can't seem to get enough of it! Especially the hummus, it's to die for! The salads aren't anything too special though. Overall this place is definitely a place to visit if you're in White plains.
The food is pretty good. The atmosphere is basic, no frills. Expect to wait for service, we usually have to signal someone that we're ready to order.  You will also have to signal for the check. They deliver the food as it's made, so it doesn't arrive all at once. And it takes much longer to arrive than a typical restaurant.
Given this is the only Turkish joint in White Plains and a fan of Mediterranean food, I have been to this place many times. Pros: great interiors, clean tables, clean toilet, baklava is great. Cons:  recently the quality of food has been upto par. Chicken just takes bland and the other day found hair in my wrap. Disappointed and never go there again.
I don't think you can expect the full feel of a sit down-style meal at Turkish Cuisine, and that's probably a big reason why it's received some negative reviews. It's not really my cup of tea anyway, so I enjoyed the informal service more so than others would if they brought a big group of people, or a family so to speak. If I chose to eat at Turkish Cuisine again (which I will), however, I'd choose take out instead. The place was just really dark, and tiny. I stopped for a quick meal after work because I had some time to kill, and it felt like I was eating at midnight, in a dungeon. Just not a very good atmosphere overall. All of my stars go toward the food though, which is the most important part. My lentil soup was fabulous, my pita was cooked to perfection, and I enjoyed one of the most flavorful beef and lamb gyros I've ever eaten, including the tzatziki sauce. I will definitely come back, and I can't wait to explore a little bit more of the menu.
I bring my family to Turkish Cuisine every few months.... been doing so since they opened and plan to do so going forward  This is a little gem in White Plains.  The food is consistently very good and I've found Apo (owner) to always give extra personal service.  He knows our names ... always asks how we're doing, and takes a personal interest in ensuring we always have a great meal when we dine at his place. When we eat a Turkish Cuisine, we feel like Apo's guests, not his customers.   For our family, we give Turkish Cuisine 5 stars in its class. What is that class? Let me be clear that Turkish Cuisine is mainly a take-out place with some tables to dine in. Service is fine ... not always consistent, but good enough. And its small, so a re-fill on the water or an extra plate is an easy ask.  As I said above, Turkish Cuisine feels like you're a guest, not someone being served by professional wait staff. In fact, during many of our visits, "customers" were also Apo's friends (or friends of his daughter, who often helps ensure their guests are enjoying the evening out).  So while I give Turkish Cuisine a "5" star rating, please don't go expecting more than you might expect at any low-key neighborhood family place. That's what it is. But in that class, TC is truly the top. I noticed some recent reviews here on Yelp that were negative (noteworthy that there were no photos of the reviewers). It is inconceivable to me and my family that those experiences were real. After close to a dozen times dining at Turkish Cuisine since they opened, I cannot fathom someone actually experiencing anything near the degree that these reviewers claim to have experienced. Being so negative about TC on Yelp just seems to be a deliberate attempt to hurt Apo and his business.  There is no other restaurant in White Plains that I and my family have frequented as much as TC.  It is consistently excellent and the price is right.  What a super combination. I highly recommend Turkish Cuisine. Apo runs a consistent 4 or 5 restaurant, depending on how you rate decor and whether you're comfortable with the informal service that is less about "serving the customers" and more about "enjoying a meal with the guests." Go and enjoy it. And when you do, support Apo with a good rating. White Plains needs restaurants like Turkish Cuisine. More like this and we'll have some of the best, reasonably priced places in Westchester!
While I cannot attest to the cleanliness issues discussed by some of the reviewers, they definitely have changed my opinion of this place.  I may not be coming back because of it.  With that being said, my review only takes into account my experience. I went here with 2 friends and we all ordered the lamb/beef gyro.  Other than the pita being too thin, I enjoyed my gyro very much.  It tasted fresh and green salsa was a delicious, spicy addition. We shared the ezme appetizer which was very good.  Very flavorful and fresh.  Had a slight kick to it, which was a nice surprise. The reason I cannot give this place 4 stars is the service.  It's basically not existent.  After dropping off our food, we had to flag our waiter down every time. He wasn't friendly either.  Also, I asked for more water, and he only gave me more water and ignored the other 2 people at the table.  They had to separately ask.  I am so used to wait staff just topping off everyone's water. I would have loved to make this my Gyro place, but the cleanliness reviews really turned me off. I am very disappointed because the food is good.
This is a place to go for the food, not for the atmosphere.  It's an extremely informal place, with some seats at the counter and just a few tables in the back. The food, however, is excellent--and for Westchester, so are the prices!   (Check out the prices on the menu on their web site to see what I mean.) I ate there with a friend.  We started out with Lebni, a thick yogurt with very finely chopped walnuts, dill and garlic, and some olive oil.  It was delicious.  My friend had it with pita slices, which looked and smelled great; I cannot eat wheat, so I just used a fork to eat the thick yogurt, and it was still satisfying. My entree, the grilled chicken kebab, was moist, tender, and flavorful.  The rice that it came with was also flavorful and just the right texture (not too wet or too dry).  It also came with a very fresh salad. I will definitely be going back there with my husband, and/or eating their food at home, since they deliver in White Plains.
My family & I went here last night for dinner. We ordered: Eggplant & tomato appetizer - this was delicious Fries - very good Lamb kabob dinner - this was just okay, the meat was moist but not as flavorful as I would like Beef & lamb gyro sandwich - absolutely terrible, tasted dry & flavorless. Overall a mediocre experience with the appetizers as the best things and the main dishes/sandwich not hitting the mark.  Would not go back.
Cute, modest, well-priced little eatery with great food. Feels like a family-run business because it's a small operation. "Zucchini Pancakes" ($6.95) were delicious. So was the "Mixed Cold Appetizer Plate" ($12.50). And loved the "Baklava!" ($4.50); the "Rice Pudding" ($4.50) was sold out. With just two dishes, we were already taking home leftovers! Went there for dinner after 6 and I don't know if we were too late or what, but the grape leaves were already sold out. A friend has raved about them and I will have to go back and explore this menu some more.
Turkish Cuisine has a lot of contradictions but overall it's food is great. When I look at the place from the outside, I said to myself, this place looks kind of dumpy. When I walk inside, I said to myself ok this place is pretty hip. Next I looked at the menu and thought to myself, am I in a 50's diner. The menu was exactly like that complete with coke logo and letters that you have to clip on to the sign. With all these contradictions, I wasn't sure of what to expect with the food but it didn't disappoint. I went with the hummus as an appetizer which was a full plate, covered lightly with olive oil and served with warm pita bread. I had a chicken shishakabob wrap for dinner. It was very tasty as well. Couple of complaints, the food seem to take a while. Several people came in to the restaurant and odered to go orders while I waited for my meal. Additionally, the sandwich, will good, could have used something on the side, maybe some rice or some fattoush. It is just kind of plain there. I would recommend you look past the poor outside facade and old school menu and try Turkish Cuisine!
I haven't been to any single Turkish restaurant in the States (Midwest and Bay Area specifically) which serve genuine Turkish food, and this place does not appear to be an exception. Meat dishes may come closer to what they are supposed to be, but appetizers usually are problematic, dolma being the most desperate. So, I went for two different appetizers, "Kisir" -- a relative of tabouleh (but I wouldn't consider it "the Turkish version"), and dolma, to test how genuine they are.  I also got "Iskender" -- doner on  fresh pita bread served with yoghurt and a special tomato paste/butter sauce. "Kisir" was genuine, "Iskender", good. Yet dolma was disastrous, no different than canned Greek variants; too thick (finger-thin if not pencil- is how a genuine dolma looks like), too loose, the filling lacking key ingredients (such as pine nuts) and spices; tasteless in the end.  I have to add that an American friend accompanying me somehow thought dolma was very good. Decent modest ambiance, oversized portions. Our waitress was pretty friendly, but not the manager/owners.
Love the food it reminds me of my time spent in Istanbul.. Great food and friendly service,,
Server is very kind & beautiful. Turkish Foods on the menu are tasty & generous!
I thought I've tasted all top cuisines through my overseas trips over years but just discovered a unique love for Turkish food (five-star food). It was amazingly heavenly: Perfectly smokey, salty, delicious & authentic with tons of varied flavors and spices but a lighter approach (not heavy). I was very surprised at how good the food was here and I now have a big crush on Turkish food. FOOD: Appetizer: Sigara borek & other delicious dishes with eggplant/feta cheese were unbeatably fresh, quality and light. Entrée: Grilled fish with garlic/onions/herbs were perfectly cooked and criminal since I couldn't stop eating it. Dessert: Homemade sweets were brilliant and Turkish tea in little tulip-shaped glasses was a nice way to end a night. SERVICE: Pretty friendly and attentive! (The whole experience was inviting like home.) ATMOSPHERE: Nice and laid-back with fun Turkish music. I'd HIGHLY recommend this place to foodies! A must-try!
This is my new favorite place. I order the falafel sandwich for $6.95. The portion is huge (although i still wish it came with rice...) and the falafel is perfectly fried, the hummus is supreme, the veggies are fresh, and the tahini is delicious. It comes with a side of (i think) babaganoush, but it's way too spicy for me. I haven't yet tried their lamb gyro, but I've seen men scarf that thing down in about 3 minutes, so it must be good. The service is really nice, there's adequate seating inside, it's conveniently located downtown, it's affordable, and it's open until 4am on the weekends! All sandwiches (falafel, gyro, kebab) are $6.95. Bigger portioned entrees which come with salad and rice are a bit pricier (like $12-$15). They also have salads, soups, coffee, and dessert. It's "the best in the town!"
Came here for dinner tonight. For appetizer my family shared the eggplant w/ tomato sauce and the zucchini pancakes. The eggplant was ordinary but good however the pancakes were delicious as was the sauce that came with them. I had the falafel sandwich, best in Westchester that I have had. A family member ordered the Iskender which was really, really good. Another family member had the grilled chicken which was skimpy on the chicken but delicious. Food is also inexpensive. Atmosphere feels like a take out place and is not at all inviting or restaurant-like. 1/2 a point taken away for that. Also, the service was not very good. The waiter was friendly but slow and rather inattentive. They also feel the need to reach over you to pour water at a round table in the middle of the floor. Also the lighting is dim. Overall... Food was 4.5 stars - .5 star for ambience - .5 star for service= 3.5 stars which rounds up to four stars.
Holy mackerel!  This place is so good, we went back the next day for lunch.  For dinner I had the zucchini pancakes which were just amazing.  But I think the real winner was the appetizer plate.  Their hummus is sooooo goood.  And the marinated eggplant... yum!  The baba ganoush was perfect - not too smokey, but very flavorful.  The yogurt/walnut dip was great on top of any of the appetizers, especially on the stuffed grape leaves.  And don't get me started on how heavenly that was. I think it's a family-run place and it totally shows.  Obviously a  lot of pride goes into what they make.
Great food and amazingly friendly service. We went there with our 9 month old baby. He got a little cranky so the manager woman came over took him over to the counter held him and played with him while we finished our meal!
This was a good find.  The starters were excellent; hummus would be in my top 20 and the baba ganoush was in my top 5 (see Chicago and Atlanta for other top BG's). The walnut yogurt dip was different from most small places such as this. Salads were good as was the meat.  BYOB I would order the starters for takeout or a party for sure. Four stars for the starters.
A nice alternative to the Irish burger bars that line Mamaroneck Avenue. I have been here about twenty times for lunch, once or twice for dinner. The furniture seems to have changed a few times, but there are decent tables now and the soda cases are in the back out of sight. The flat screens showing scenes of Turkey are long gone. Attractive Turkish light fixtures, some for sale, give the place a nice glow. It would be acceptable for a cheap date, but not one when you are seeking to impress. The red lentil soup is always savory, but the pita with it could be better. The meze are good, but if you're really hungry plump for the tasty (but oily) zucchini pancakes, which are one of the stars of the show. The shepherd salad is also a good choice-serves 2 as a starter. My favorite thing is the doner kebap, which I get on a whole wheat wrap. The meat is moist and delicious. The chef's home made hot green pepper sauce is a great accompaniment, and the salad in the sandwich is always fresh. The same meat can be had Iskander style, over strips of pita with sauce. The Adana kebap (ground lamb) is also a good choice. Finish up with a Turkish coffee and baklava. I have not experienced any service problems.
Save your money and go elsewhere.. I guess I am just really used to the delicious Turkish food in Brooklyn - this place cannot even compare. The pitas are not homemade - the chicken was dry - and the guy looked at me like I had 3 heads when I wanted hummus and salad in my shish kabab  sandwich..  Everything was old and not good. Also, I would never sit here and eat dinner - the place is a dump inside...
HUSBAND & WIFE OWNERS WERE ARGUING WHEN I ARRIVED, AND NOTHING CHANGED AS I LEFT! Noticed the rare sight of a Turkish Joint in Westchester. Was happy to see Gyro's, spinning inside. They have Lamb and Beef mix or Chicken. Of course I chose lamb beef, I believe Chicken's mild flavor is lost in a Gyro. Anyway the beef added moisture that lamb alone doesn't have. Also had fresh Baklava for desert, left quite happy and you will be too...........
While living in White Plains, Turkish Cuisine had the best Mediterranean food we could find.  Had their falafel in a wrap (very filling and satisfying) on a weekly basis and thoroughly enjoyed it every time.  Highly recommend!
Delicious Food!!! Gyro-delicious! Salad-Delicious! Turkish coffee, excellent! That pudding is dangerous! so delicious!
This place is pretty cool. I get over here from time to time when I'm in White Plains and I can't think of anything else to eat. Gyros, souvlakis, and everything in between. All of the food is made fresh in front of you, and it's absolutely delicious. Nothing to jump up and down about, but I like this place. One of these days I'll have to sit down and dine in. I suspect that would increase my rating by another star if I actually had time time to sit down and enjoy it. Come see for yourself!
Small informal place, friendly staff, food was good. We went for lunch and decided to order several appetizers and share. The hummus is very good, the falafel was very tasty (my first falafel), zucchini pancakes were my favorite and the rolled pastry I would skip next time. The only thing I thought was strange--they have no ice.  none. zero.
Grossly underrated is the theme here. Wow. I've been coming for a while and only just realized it doesn't get the attention it deserves. It blows away Nikos and is a beacon of hope for flailing white plains. Healthy, fresh, light and friendly. Bring a bottle of vodka (as I do) or wine and they'll provide the food! One of my favorites.
My wife and I love this place and its our favorite restaurant.  I keep going back to this place for delicious food!    This is a place that will give you a nice size portion and you will not feel gross when you leave (example cheesecake factory).  This is a must try if you like middle eastern food! I find it a bit pricy for a simple Mediterranean restaurant or maybe i just order to much lol because its so good.
I ordered at this place through Seamless.com, with the listed minimum $40 order.  The order was confirmed on the website, but then I received a call from some employee at the restaurant saying that they won't deliver for less than $60, and to add insult to injury, they wanted ME to cancel with Seamless!  What utter jerks.  Would never give them any business again.
Serving awesome, freshly prepared Turkish cuisine, this gem is located in the business district of White Plains where there is much to choose from when the belly starts nagging ya.  All the Turkish favorites and some not so well known, deliciously and expertly prepared. I highly recommend you try it and treat yourself to an ethnic feast of the tastiest kind. FEED THE BELLY!
We have eaten here a few times and were each time impressed with the quality and authenticity of the sandwiches. The falafel is probably the best I have ever had- crispy but not greasy.  It is a real treat for Westchester.
This joint has become a part of my weekly routine.  It's very tasty and generous.   your average lunch would cost you about $10, but it's worth it.  It seems the restaurant has ironed out the kinks of a starting restaurant.  My favorite is the beef and lamb doner with extra spicy sauce.
Fairly new place, but seems to have a following already.  Very clean for a kebab shop- food and setting.  The owners are friendly, and the presentation is very nice.  This is mostly a take-out place, but is nonetheless feasible to havea  nice sit-down there (tv is on kind of place).  Falafel is awesome.
Looks shady outside. Nicer decor inside. I had the mixed app and mixed grill. Awesome babaganoush and eggplant. The lebni was something I had not had but was very fresh. The grill was mostly lamb which I dug. The rice was amazing. Nice people. Took a little time for the check but that won't stop me from going back.
Had lunch with my friends. Very good food, generous quantity, very hospitable staff and chef. The lunch menu is very generous yet well priced. I will be back again.
Excellent casual turkish restaurant in the heart of white plains. the owner is very friendly. Make sure to get the doner sandwich and the spicy sauce that comes with it. We also love the yogurt and liver as an appetizer. It is a great spot for a quick bite.
Great little joint.  Usually we have them deliver - and they've been remarkably quick, by the way - but the one time we were in the restaurant, we were treated amazingly well.  We were given complimentary turkish coffee while we waited, and the staff was very nice. I'd heard there's some relation to Turkish Meze (yelp.com/biz/turkish-mez…), but I'm not sure what it is.
Its really a good place. Choices are good. Food is authentic Turkish flavor food. Prices are reasonable. My dinner comes from this place at least 2 days in week :) If this place was bigger with better interior, it could have been much better  than just take out and delivery.
I came here because I was craving a falafel and did not want to go into Manhattan.  We ordered baba ghanoush as an appetizer.  It tasted good, but we received a small plate and 4 half pieces of pita for almost $7.  The falafel sandwich was a disappointment.  It was quite bland and mainly filled with lettuce.  The service was awful.  The waitress/hostess/cashier was not friendly and seemed to be in a huge rush even though there was only one other customer.  She literally started to walk away while we were still ordering our food and we had to ask for a glass of water.
This in not really a restaurant but more a lunch place, heavy on the take-out. The people were very pleasant but the food isn't nearly as good as I've eaten in other Turkish places. The lamb kebob was dry and way overdone. One of our party had chicken which was,again, dried out. The baklava was very tasty. And, contrary to what the pictures show, there are no tablecloths on the tables.
Decent place for middle eastern but nothing to write home about. It looks like it's a work in progress. They've tried to decorate the space but haven't quite gotten it right yet. It's essentially a take-out place with a few table in the rear. The food is actually pretty good and the service accommodating. We started with a mixed appetizer plate - humus, lebni (kind of a mix between yogurt and sour cream), baba ganoush and a red pepper spread.  They give you plenty of pita (and they'll bring more if you ask) to pick up the spreads, which were quite tasty. Then we tried the falafel (which they claim is the best in Westchester) and it was very good, though it came on a plate rather than prepared in a pita "all dressed" as is the usual custom. As a side, we had the white (kidney) bean salad, which was made with diced onions, tomatoes and peppers and a light oil & vinegar dressing. It was rather large and we were stuffed, so we brought it home for the next day. They do not serve alcohol, but VINO 100 is right around the corner and they are always very helpful in selecting wines to pair with your dinner choices. The only complaint we had was that there seemed to be many fruit flies hovering around our table and also on the walls.
BEST LENTIL SOUP EVER!! I work in the area and end up going back frequently just for the soup! The falafels are amazing too, definitely the best in Westchester!
I ordered a lamb and beef gyro wrap...Worst gyro I have ever had.  Some parts of the meat were not soft tender and a bit too chewy.   Often when I get a gyro at other places, there will be enough meat for next days leftovers.  Not here....cheap with the meat....but it is lousy so I didn't care.
I went there for dinner with a friend and while the food was excellent, the service was terrible. My friend arrived before I did and although there were only 2 other people in the restaurant before I arrived, she had to wait 15 minutes for a menu. Then we watched the waitress walk back and forth right by us without even glimpsing at us. (I overheard her tell a customer that she was married to one of the owners, so apparently waitressing is not her "calling." The terrible service is, unfortunately, the reason for my rating of only 3 stars.) The food took a while to arrive, but that is because it was being made to order. When it finally came, it was DELICIOUS! We ordered lebni to start, then my friend had the lamb chops and I had the kofte. Very ample portions and definitely worth the wait. I would just urge the owners to be more cognizant of customer service. Regardless, I will be returning!
Used to go to this place a lot.  The food is good and service is slow but what happened the last two times has me moving on.  Someone else mentioned the cleaniness problem in another review and I have to second it. Second to last visit a roach popped out of my menu.  Last visit one ended up in the water glass I was served.  This place for sure has an infestation problem.  If only they had grades like they do in NYC, I'd be curious to see what it's rated.
This is definitely not my favorite falafel place.   I paid $6.95 for a decent size falafel but wasn't entirely satisfied at the end.  The falafel balls weren't as crisy as I like them to be, but the green hot sauce was excellent.  I think I'm still a bigger fan of the falafel platter at Lefteries. The staff was very friendly and accommodating.
Ok, but was kinda disappointed. Was looking forward to eating here for while but it was a little lackluster. Flavor just wasn't there. Had the gyro and kabob and the sauce was kinda thin and lacking...sigh.
Bland boring, not very good.  Do the good reviewers here know good middle eastern/turkish food? I guess not
After all the reviews I was expecting much better.  Too bad because I really enjoy Turkish food.  Almost everything was disappointing.
Ordered delivery a couple of times. Iskender was alright, but nothing special. Great hummus! Baba Ganoush tasted over-grilled, though. Chicken Shish Kabob very good, as well as Lamb Gyro. Good amount of meat and veggies. Good prices. Hits the spot!
I love this place, the food is freshly prepared every time. Reasonably priced, and great value.
Nice fresh food. I tend to eat vegetarian or fish, and was nicely surprised by the lentil soup. Even my kids liked it. I have no experience with the meat dishes. I thought the falafel was fine. The servers were pleasant. The feel is fast food but slightly nicer.
This place gave me horrible poops. Sandwich tasted okay, but anything that gives me the poops is gonna get one star. Also, the creepy-looking owner always eyes me down when I walk by the storefront.
I had a pretty intense craving for hummus last Friday and mentioned it to a co-worker. He suggested Turkish Cuisine boasting that they have the best hummus in White Plains. I have very high standards when it comes to Hummus, so I skeptically listened to his recommendations and then came onto Yelp to better decide if this was where I wanted to go. After reading several reviews I got distracted by the raves about the rice pudding and falafel sandwich. I began to not only craved hummus, but falafel and rice pudding too. At this point, I was convinced this was where I would go. I was getting the food to go, so I just went straight to the register. Let me pre-empt this by saying I am a stickler for good service. When I go to an establishment, I am paying a premium for not only the food, but the service as well. So when I receive good and bad service alike, I take note. And the man who greeted me, was VERY friendly, easy going, and helpful. Answering all of my questions and being patient with my huge order (since I was getting food for half of my office at that point). This has no connection with the table service which I can not speak to. Onto the food: - The hummus was not very good. The consistency and quantity were acceptable, but otherwise, I would not order that again (maybe I'm a hummus snob though). - The falafel was DELICIOUS. The falafel balls were full of flavor and were the perfect crispness on the outside and moistness on the inside. Yes, I would recommend ordering this to someone. I will also be back to get another one at some point I'm sure. - The rice pudding was good. It liquefied the second I put it in my mouth though which was strange. This quality was actually kind of nice after such a large meal though because it did not weight my stomach down, yet offered the sweetness I was craving. The firmness prior to eating it was good (wasn't too watery), my only complaint is that it was not fresh and if I had not been as full, I would have liked it to have been a little thicker. - If you like liver, I would recommend that as well (I tried a co-workers). They were a nice bite size and had a lot of flavor. I would give it 3.5 if that were an option. But the reason for this is the disappointing hummus.
Amazing!  Really hit the spot.  My husband and I shared the Karisik Izgara.  Each of the kebabs were equally good, but I especially loved the kofte.  We also got a side of falafel, which my husband loved.  I could have eaten the tahini by the gallon.  Oh- and the baklava was pretty tasty as well!  Looking forward to getting it again!
Been going here for several years now and realized that I have yet to rave about this place. Simple - IT'S GREAT!!!  My expeirience's have always been fantastic. The food has always been fresh, fantastically flavorful and extremely reasonably priced. The service is always friendly and attentive. The owner, Appo, always greets you with a smile and genuine appreciation. Since they have no liquor license, you can bring your own wine/beer, which in my opinion is always a plus.
