Today some friends and I decided to go to Arthur Ave for lunch. It was recommended by my Brodie to try this place. He even picked what i had.He's usually a expert in food so I didn't doubt him. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!!! I had a hero w Sopreseta, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, oil and vinegar. The Sopreseta had just enough spice. I really like spicy. The mozzarella had to have been the best I've ever had hands down!! Great customer service... EVEN BETTER FOOD!! A definite gem in the BX LET THE CHURCH SAY AMEN!
OMG FRESH MOZZARELLA!!!! (yes everytime I mention MOZZARELLA, it will be in CAPS) I don't think I know anything about MOZZARELLA until now.!! Came here with a coworker and both of us were confused on what to order, luckily the man behind the counter came over and gave us some good recommendation! Almost everyone who came into the store ordered MOZZARELLA so we know we HAD to get the MOZZARELLA!! People are so friendly in this place, everyone so smiley, that's exactly what I like to see in a deli! MOZZARELLA (just to spice up this sentence) I ended up getting the classic Italian which was basically all the meat + sweet balsamic glaze+ MOZZARELLA While waiting for my sandwich, they brought out this sample MOZZARELLA for us to try, they are so kind and that customer service really goes a long way but OMG, that MOZZARELLA made me want to slap myself to make sure I'm not dreaming! THAT MOZZARELLA, why is it so creamy, soft, chewy, sweet, tender, squishy? I remember the moment when my coworker and I put the MOZZARELLA in our mouth, we looked at each other and had a WTF why is this so good moment... yes it's that legit! My Classic Italian came out to be $7 and they seriously pile up a lot of meat in there.  The meat were all great but what I really wished was for them to pile that MOZZARELLA into my sandwich. btw I also have to give credit to the balsamic glaze, it totally complimented and balanced out the saltiness from the cold cut. BUT the star of the show is still the MOZZARELLA. Honestly next time I should just order the classic Italian with no meat haha... (yes and No i'm not that dumb) OHH Casa Della, you definitely turn my MOZZARELLA life upside down. I wish I lived closer to the Bronx so we can meet at least once a week! I will be back... MOZZARELLA, until then, stay soft, chewy, creamy and squishy!
A work assignment brought me to the Bronx, and when a coworker mentioned the "fresh mozzarella" at Casa Della, I knew where I would be going for lunch! This small Italian deli seemed like a neighborhood gem! While I was here, many regulars came in to shop, and the staff knew many of them by name. Everyone here was really friendly, and since it was my first time there, the guy behind the counter guided me along their sandwich menu. They had a bunch of cold cut & cheese options to choose from, but the prosciutto & fresh mozzarella hero caught my eye right away. While I waited for my food, they were nice enough to let me sample a knot of fresh mozzarella! It was so sweet and creamy-- I couldn't wait to get into my sandwich. My total came to $8 for a sizable hero. I was even a bit overwhelmed with how much prosciutto they gave me! The portion was very generous, and I ate half for lunch, and the other half for dinner. As soon as I left the Bronx, I regretted not going back after work to pick up some more mozz to enjoy at home!
You live in New York? Are you visiting New York? This is the greatest place where you can get the best and fresh cold cuts straight from Italy. They are just amazing. And let's not talk about the mozzarella, it's to die for. The wait on line is worth it. Orazio the mozzarella man makes the best mozzarella in the world, just the way you never had it before. Better stop here if you're around. And get their sandwiches, they're so delicious . Their service is just very helpful, and they deserve more than a tip, these guys behind the counter really know what their doing.
Mozzarella is very very good and I strongly recommend burrata - it tastes like in Italy, I am very happy I found some food that tastes as authentical Italian food in Belmont!
Best mozz ever, I've been shopping here since I was a kid. That is all.
An extremely authentic Italian store and deli. Super cheese and meat here and they even do samples. Great selection of hard to find Italian treats from candy to noodles. A bit pricey but the cheese is homemade and great.
I don't know what else there is to say.  If you like fresh mozzarella theres only one place you could possibly crave more than Casa Della Mozzarella.  The name says it all.   Order and eat as much as you can.  I know italians that come from all over to arrive at this establishment.  The cheese is indescribable because it is so good.  I can't even write anymore about it because that's how good it is.   Order some prosciutto or dry sausage to go along with it, but I recommend just having it alone because that's how amazing it is.  Probably the best on this side of the Atlantic Ocean.
Defenetly best place around little italy for that home-made taste. The minute you walk, everybody asks if youre been helped. Extremedly friendly staff and they will even let you taste if you ask! Love it!
Casa Della Mozzarella. You make my heart swoon. The staff is beyond friendly and helpful. I don't know much about Mozzarella, but they gave me the low down when I purchased my first heap. It is by far the most delicious and freshest mozzarella I've ever had. They also have imported olive oil and balsamic vinegar. They have a range of different types of mozzarella and other lunch meats. They always give me samples of what I'm thinking about purchasing, they always have little mozzarella balls to eat while you wait. The place is just wonderful. I always look forward to come here for their samples, the friendly and accommodating staff and the most delicious mozz in the 'hood. Very busy on the weekends.
The bocconcini tastes so fresh!! The best I have ever had! Staffs are so friendly there too! I only wish that I live closer to there!
I was given some free samples of fresh mozzarella my first time there and was hooked ever since.   The cheese options are intimidating but the staff are always friendly and helpful.   Fresh meats.  They layer the cold cuts in sheets of wax paper when they wrap it, which means you don't have a big blob of meat to rip apart when you go to make a sandwich.  That's always nice.   There have never been lines when I go there, although I know weekends and holidays it gets a bit crazy.  They seem to have the staff that could handle getting people in and out.   Really cool, small deli with tons of options.  I'd strongly suggest checking it out.
If you want the best fresh mozzarella in all of NYC, look no further!!! I can honestly say that up until this point I've never had better mozzarella. Grab yourself a salted or unsalted one. A purveyor of fine Italian goods. On my last trip I was disappointed to learn they don't have any hot food.
I am relenting and giving Casa a 5th star because when I popped out of bed on Christmas Eve morning to pick up all the specialty foods on Arthur, this place already had 66 people waiting on line. SIXTY-SIX PEOPLE. BEFORE 7:30 IN THE MORNING ON CHRISTMAS EVE. Yes, Casa's sandwiches can be a little skimpy on the filling. That being said, the fresh mozzarella is the real deal, no buts about it. I was incredibly disappointed, and settled for the cheese at Teitel Brothers, which was easily the least impressive thing I've ever purchased there. The dry and bland cheese I bought there couldn't hope to compare to the tender and moist offerings of Casa della Mozzarella. Sixty-six Italian shoppers who made it up to Arthur Avenue before 7:30 in the morning on Christmas Eve can't be wrong. This is without a doubt five star cheese, and ought not be missed by any Italian worth his or her salt.
***HOAGIE FAIL/CHEESE WIN*** I woke up one morning with a specific craving for prosciutto and mozzarella inside a freshly-baked roll. But since Vito's, my favorite sammich shop is located across the river in Hoboken, I decided to take a leisurely walk to Casa Della and try them out. Upon entering, I was struck by the size of the storefront - this place is *TINY*, like 'suck in your gut' and 'no sudden movements' small, because you will inevitably knock one of the imported goodies (pasta, cookies, vinegars, risotto packs, etc.) off of the wall. After taking a number, I stood in line and eavesdropped on the other patrons orders for imported meats, rare cheeses, and of course, the house-made mutz. Once it was my turn, I asked for a Prosciutto di Parma + Fresh Mutz samich, with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and sun-dried tomatoes.along with a  1/2 pound of the salted boccolini and burrata (respectively) for my grandmother. What I got was a crusty, sesame seed hero and was barely filled with anything; the *thinnest* layer of (tasty and slightly sweet) proscu topped an even *thinner* layer of (amazing  mutz, with the oil & vinegar dressing barely soaking into the roof-cutting bread, because it was obscured by the massive amount of sun-dried tomatoes placed throughout. I felt pulling an Oliver Twist and crying out "Please sir...might I have another?" In between wiping away my cold, salty tears of despair, I found myself picking out the meager sammich fillings and creating appetizer-like sun-dried tomato + proscu + mozz pinwheels to satiate my hunger. But two minutes later, out of frustration, I ended up diving into my grandmother's fresh burrata - and that's when it hit me; Casa Della makes good cheese, and *only* cheese! The burrata was the most velvety silken ball of cow's milk I've ever inhaled; creamy and buttery in the center, while deliciously salty and elastic on the outside...my gawd it was GOOD! Moral of the story; Casa Della is great for picking up the essentials for a killer sandwich...but is horrible at making it.
Best fresh mozzarella in the Bronx.  Never old always fresh. Really small and cramped, a legit old school little Italy secret.  The owner has a little window in the back and he watches everything.  While he's watching he is pumping out fresh cheese,  pulling the cheese from his oversized bowl as ordered, never missing a thing.  Other places make there cheese once a day, this place is always making it, and you can taste the difference.  Don't bother getting your Mozzarella anywhere else on the Ave, take the extra time and check this throwback gem out.
Once upon a time, the Arthur Avenue expert (Derek B.) bestowed a magical secret on an adventurous eater (ME!).  "Go North", he advised, "and seek the BEST MOZZARELLA EVER!" I quickly saddled up my legendary steed (a Fiat 500 from Hertz on Demand) and whisked El Queso Grande to the Bronx.  After all, it takes a cheese expert to verify phrases like "Best Ever!" We exited the shop with a bulging bag of Italian goodies and quickly retired to our little car for an unscheduled sampling break: 1. Bocconcini (bite-sized mozzarella knots) - I won't hold you in suspense...this place really does have the BEST MOZZARELLA EVERRRRR!!!  We went into some sort of a crazy cheese trance and when we came out of it a few minutes later, somehow all of our mozz knots were gone! 2. Mozzarella (small, medium or large) - Excellent, but not as fun as eating the little ones (as far as I can remember)...I did enjoy grabbing bits of this and wrapping it with the prosciutto!  Tip: be sure to tell them if you want them to salt your mozzarella.  The natural state is unsalted 3. Prosciutto - There are three kinds ranging from ~$15-$20/lb.  "Splurge" and get a quarter pound of the most expensive and ask them to slice it as thin as possible.  You get gorgeous stained glass-like pink sheets of the best prosciutto I've had in NYC 4. Pecorino - There is a solid hard cheese selection at the end of the counter by the register, but the star of the show is definitely the MOZZ! PARTING THOUGHT: While there is a number dispenser in the front for when the deli gets truly busy, I'd recommend going early (around opening) and skipping the line altogether!
A small Italian deli specializes mozzarella just like the name of shop states. Looks nothing special but their bocconcini was indeed good! People working here were also nice and helpful. Now I'm eating the small delicious balls and feeling like I'm chewing tasty fresh milk. I love the feeling that milk seep out with the bites and the taste fill the mouth...! Just fyi, bocconcini: $7.99, All the olives were $5-6.
Best fresh mozzarella in the whole wide world. Do yourself a favor and just buy as many bocconcini as you can possible eat in one day (they are best fresh, don't refrigerate). Go ahead get a sandwich too they have great selection of cold cuts and a cute market with all my childhood fave snacks (plasmon cookies! Pear juice!) I grew up going here and will always go back- this is the real Arthur ave!!
I had been to Arthur Ave soo many times and never knew about Casa until I tasted a sample of their Mutz at Ferragosto a few years ago. Probably the best fresh mozzarella I've ever tasted. It is that good. The tiny store is packed with Italian goods. Their cold cuts are excellent too.
The best mozzarella in NYC.  So good in fact the cheese alone gets five stars.  The only place that competes with Casa is Claudio's in Philadelphia.  Casa's mozzarella is warm, creamy, salty and melts in your mouth.  It felt like oral dairy porn.  In a heterosexual way of course.  Of course. Skip the other stuff such as olives, seafood salad and meats.  They're standard oil and vinegar, San Danielle, Citterrio and Boars Head brands.  Trust me when I say that traveling to the Bronx for this mozzarella is worth the trip.
Fresh mozzarella from the gods. I'm not quite sure this beats Fiore's in Hoboken, but it's close enough for a tie at least. (It seems clear that Casa has saltier cheese. I do like salty so it is appealing, but it wasn't for my co-eater.) I gotta go back for the burrata.
The best fresh mozzarella I've ever had, thats saying a lot as it's my personal mission to try it everywhere thru out the tristate area.
This is based on solely the mozzarella and the ambiance. I haven't had a sandwich here. You walk in, music is delightful, they are singing to it...just awesome experience. It is super tiny -- more of a hallway with gourmet goodies surrounding you. I had a piece of the mozzarella...and oh man...it just melted in my mouth. The people that work here are friendly and real...not that fake cheesy customer service lameness.
Not to be redundant, but this place has the best mozzarella.  You probably already knew that unless this is the first review of this place you read.   I think the only unique comment I can make here is about the texture.  The mozz has a certain almost stringy texture that I think is part of what makes it so great.  Rather than a solid, thick chunk of cheese, you get something that almost falls apart.  I think this is what leads to the melt in your mouth quality of this cheese.   Also, they will only sell the mozz either by the ball (about a pound more or less) or by however many of the smaller boconccini that you want.  My advice...just get the big ball, it'll disappear before you know it, and it'll most likely come out to under $10.
The Best Mozzarella Around, exactly like the last poster mentioned, the owner is right behind the cashier where he keeps an eye out on everyone coming in and out. The place is small with Italian music in the background and deli persons singing to the tune. I think the cashier is married to the Mozzarella man, I will ask tomorrow, I'll be making another run. Their menu is Small/Medium/Large I'd go for the small ones, they go for the same price, its just easier for large families to order 1 large than 3 smalls.
Best fresh mozzarella I have ever tasted by far - don't even consider going elsewhere. And the burrata is even better, just divine. I've never really gotten much beyond cheese here, as I usually go to Teitel Brothers. But it's worth waiting the 45 min-1hr at Christmas just for the mozzarella.
the line is out the door but we waited. Sun dried tomatoes, t mozzarella to die for. I am a happy camper. Christmas and the Italian Christmas feast preparation is full on!
Like the rest, best mozzarella in the Bronx.  My family grew up in this area and still owns a restaurant on Arthur, and we go there exclusively. Always entertaining, and the lines can be long by 10am, but worth it.  Go early. Mozzarella is made fresh in the back, eat it while it's still warm.  Get it salted. The only thing that bummed me was I saw the giant delivery of Polly-O cheese curds.  I guess I wanted to believe they made it all from scratch. Hot tip - when the mozzarella in one place is great, the ricotta usually isn't fantastic (reuse of the whey).  I'm not a fan of the ricotta here. The hard cheeses are great - always fresh because of the fast turnover.  The prices are in line too.
The mozzarella is so tender and fresh and flavorful. It's nothing like you've ever had before. So wish they were in Connecticut! The boccicini are better than the larger ones for se reason. Maybe it's because you can just pop them like tic tacs :-). This place is a must stop when going to Arthur ave.
I never reviewed this place?? Well, that must change!!   Obviously, you have to try the fresh mozzarella, which is homemade and amazing! They also have a large selection of imported cheeses, deli meats, olives and other Italian favorites.   Not everyone in the area takes credit/debit but this place does!
There's two words to describe the salted mozzarella here-- SIMPLY DIVINE!  For those who ordered the nonsalted mozzarella and found it to be 'bland', I recommend you try their salted one.  The salt is very lightly infused into the cheese so upon eating it, the first thing that comes into mind will not be 'salty' but 'oh my gosh'!!!   The mozzarella is divided into individual servings which makes it conducive for serving, sharing or devouring it by yourself.  For $7 a pound, I'd say this is the biggest steal in New York City for unforgettable, high quality mozzarella.  Now, it's just a matter of coming back here again...
5 stars.  La Casa della mozzarella has unreal cheeses.  They have burrata (buttermilk mozzarella), which is made fresh upon order.  Call them up and order and 45 minutes later and you're good to go.   This alone gets five stars, nevermind the rest of the cheeses, many of which are extremely rarely seen anywhere outside of Italy.
Sundried tomatoes. Mozzarella. Hot capicola. Service. Everything. Nothing compares!
Mozzarella does not get any better than this. Now nothing else will do ( and I live 3 hours away )
I would give this place 3.5 stars:  good quality cheeses. but nothing special, rounded down for location and hype.  Their famed mozzarella has the right texture but is a little bit bland.   Murray's and Chelsea Market is definitely better; frankly, Di Palo's is too (though I believe they have started using lower quality cheeses there recently).
Our family has been shopping at this location for now 4 generations.  They have made the absolute best mozzarella on the planet, fresh every day for as long as I've been going there in the 60's.  If you haven't had the boccacini's you have to ask for them.  A dozen flies off the plate at our house.  They are the tied off section of the full mozzarella and they are full of the salt and milk.  Each bite is incredible.  If you want to live life in the fast lane, ask Peter to make you one of his special sandwiches.  Feel free to ask for prosciotto (regular or smoked), soprasod, mozzarella and dried peppers or any of his other specialities.   We have lived in CA for over 20 years and when we come back we're there on day 1 and again prior to departure.  Be sure to try their dried sausages (caccitorini, soprasod, hot/sweet, etc. with the Italian provolone.  Any combination of foods is fantastic.  Their mozzarella separates them from all the fine deli's in the neighborhood.
Don't go here for mozzarella! You'll be spoiled and won't eat any other.
Mozzarella at its finest!  This place is a small Italian store full of cheese, stuffed peppers, olives and meat goodies.  There is plenty of pasta and other nice stuff.  I love the cheese....I was ok with the olives.  Given the amazing quality of the rest, including some amazing salami I got once, i was a little disappointed by the plain olives in the mixed olives I got.
We have been going to Casa Della Mozzarella for many years and it has always been fabulous. Unfortunately, we just purchased 3 lbs of mozzarella yesterday (after waiting on line in the cold for almost 3 hours) and it is terrible!  Rubbery. I don't know if they are making it differently or using inferior ingredients, but we are so disappointed. What happened CDM?????
Our family has been shopping at this location for now 4 generations.  They have made the absolute best mozzarella on the planet, fresh every day for as long as I've been going there in the 60's.  If you haven't had the boccacini's you have to ask for them.  A dozen flies off the plate at our house.  They are the tied off section of the full mozzarella and they are full of the salt and milk.  Each bite is incredible.  If you want to live life in the fast lane, ask Peter to make you one of his special sandwiches.  Feel free to ask for prosciotto (regular or smoked), soprasod, mozzarella and dried peppers or any of his other specialities.   We have lived in CA for over 20 years and when we come back we're there on day 1 and again prior to departure.  Be sure to try their dried sausages (caccitorini, soprasod, hot/sweet, etc. with the Italian provolone.  Any combination of foods is fantastic.  Their mozzarella separates them from all the fine deli's in the neighborhood.
Don't go here for mozzarella! You'll be spoiled and won't eat any other.
We have been going to Casa Della Mozzarella for many years and it has always been fabulous. Unfortunately, we just purchased 3 lbs of mozzarella yesterday (after waiting on line in the cold for almost 3 hours) and it is terrible!  Rubbery. I don't know if they are making it differently or using inferior ingredients, but we are so disappointed. What happened CDM?????
If you love your mozzarella cheese or any type of cold cuts this is the place to go.  For $10 bucks you will get the freshes hunk of cheese and you will have trouble eating that shop rite plastic cheese.  The place is in high demand so no matter when you get expect to take a number.
The best fresh Mozzarella I have ever eaten. It is milky, smooth, creamy, just the right amount of salt, cuts like butter. It is absolutely delicious. When I make my weekly Arthur Avenue run, Casa Della is always one of my required stops for amazing mozzarella that you simply cannot stop eating.
Plain and simple.  This is the best fresh mozzarella I have ever had in my life.  Growing up in an Italian-American neighborhood in north Jersey, I have had plenty of exposure to fresh mozz.  It is so good, that I will drive into the Bronx from Jersey just to get the bocconcini.  Although their regular fresh mozzarella is outstanding, the bocconcino has a texture that puts it a notch above their regular mozz.  Also try the sun dried peppers that they have...they aere outstanding.  I have never seen them befroe, until I saw them sold here.  So far I have brought about 5 people with me to this place and they say the same thing..."Best Mozzarella I've ever had"   I went to a few places around Arthur Ave to compare....There is no comparison.
tiny place. great cheese (and other unique italian grocery items). next time - burrata.
The boccacini really is that amazing! I love the salty pillowy balls that really do make all other cheeses pale in comparison. The staff is always singing merrily and is more than helpful . The imported cheeses are also to die for and the sandwiches really are heavenly although a bit pricey for the Bronx. While in the area get some panne di casa from terra nova bread or addeo and Madona bakery fennel raisin. YUM! I might have to head over there right now!
Seriously, the best mozzarella in NYC. The bocconcini (bite-size balls of mozzarella) is even better than the regular mozzarella. Don't get me wrong. The hand-pulled mozzarella is delicious and is so creamy. However, the bocconcini is just HEAVENLY. You bite into one and the creamy cheese just melts in your mouth and then finally, you realize that this is what mozzarella is SUPPOSED to taste like. I mean, I can no longer call the rubbery thing sold in other places 'mozzarella. I usually get the unsalted bocconcini and the unsalted mozzarella. I don't get anything else at Casa Della Mozzarella. I literally drive up to Arthur avenue for the mozzarella. I'll go to the other shops to buy other things but the MAIN reason I drive there is to buy the mozzarella. It's that good. I went 2 days before Christmas and it was an hour long wait. That's how good it is. PHENOMENAL.
I have been shopping here for several years. I have always had reliable service and fresh food. The employees are pleasant and knowledgeable and the fresh mozzarella is excellent. The sandwiches are pretty good too.
Amazing mozzarella!  And to reference the folks waiting on line Christmas Eve morning?!  The trick is to place your order ahead of time.  Those who place their order can walk on up and pick it up at the counter so long as they are open!
The best deli in Arthur Avenue.  This is not a restaurant nor do they make sandwiches to go.  You can purchase cheeses, olives, meats and many other good things.  The mozzarella is made there is actually VERY good.  I used to go to Mike's inside the market (which is always crowded), but discovered Casa Della Mozzarella and found it to be better.  Sometimes the counter staff give out free samples and often times they sing along with the Italian music on the CD player.
Excellent little (and I do mean little) place for Italian cold cuts, cheese, risotto, deli items, and, of course, mozzarella!  Best Mozzarella I ever tasted (even in Italy).  There is room enough for one line of people jammed against the refrigerator case and for other people to squeeze by on the other side after making their purchases.  Only reason is lost a star.  Prices were very reasonable too.
I don't think I'm going to say anything that hasn't been said already, but I feel compelled to give this place the props it deserves. My wife and I were visiting the Bronx for the afternoon, and after sampling some food from the Arthur Ave. Retail Market and a pastry shop, we found Casa Della Mozzarella and decided to stop in. I asked if we could sample their mozzarella. As soon as we both took the first bite, we looked each other like "this is the best thing I've ever tasted in my life!" We got a one-pound ball of it, and it didn't take us long to finish. Absolutely unbelievable and heavenly mozzarella. We will be coming back!
Absolutely the best mozzarella in NYC (or possibly anywhere).  It's a soft and milky, lightly salted orgasm in your mouth.   Once a native New Yorker, now every time I visit, I make a special trip to 187th street just to buy their cheese. Then I travel home almost 5000 by plane (to Anchorage,AK), eat some, freeze some and even after being frozen it's still better than most freshly made mozzarella.
If you haven't been here, you haven't eaten Mozzarella.  An Arthur Ave must have!
I have tried most of the fresh mozzarellas made in NYC and this place beats them all.  Of course it cannot match the buffalo mozzarella made in Italy but this is still the best we have stateside (though I must say that the packaged BelGioso version from Wisconsin that they sell at Fairway is also pretty awesome).  I bought some and some bread from a nearby bakery and once home toasted the bread, then added a garlic-olive oil-anchovy paste and then mozzarella, oregano, salt and black pepper over that and returned under the grill until bubbling and the wife and kids were like 'yes, yes, yes!'.
Fresh muzzzzz, still warm..... like a baby just taken from the womb...this mozzarella is a bundle of JOY!!!!
Came here for fresh Burrata...they did not dissapoint.
Do not... DO NOT hesitate.  La migliore mozzarella di NYC!! Buonisssssssima!!!
Food is fresh and phenominal! Owner's son is a complete tool though, I would go back as long as this Bronx Tale wanna-bee doesnt serve me!
this place has the best mozzarella..you have to eat here... they are very fast in serving you and are really polite
I am not impressed with the mozzarella.   Spent $40 on 3 mozzarella balls and they tasted like a brick of salt.  It was inedible.
This was, beyond a doubt, my best deli experience ever -- getting a sandwich has never been so much fun!  I went in wanting an Italian hoagie with oil, mayo, and roasted peppers, and came out with a masterpiece.  Peter explained to me the error of my ways and built me a sandwich *his* way.  And it was divine!  Not to mention the freebie tastes while I waited.  He is quite a character, and had me laughing the entire time.  I actually kissed him goodbye, this man I had never met before.  I will be going back here again and again.  A word to the wise -- going here is an experience to be savored, not a task to rush through.  Not a good choice if your car is idling outside!  Oh, and I'm posting a photo of Peter and my sandwich (I hope).
Another gem of Arthur Avenue. You must try their homemade mozzarella. The place is a bit cramped, and you will probably wait on line, but if you're lucky you can bide your time by watching the guys make fresh mozzarella and maybe they'll give you a piece. Good deli's are hard to find, especially one that has such a diverse amount of meats, cheeses, olives, etc... As you hit the other shops in the area for pasta, bread and pastries be sure to add this place to your checklist to get their fresh mutz!
Casa della Mozzerella is simply the best, better than all the rest, just as the song says. It doesn't get better or fresher than this. I travel quite a distance each week to get the best mozzerella and other products from this establishment.
best mozzarella i have ever had!!!!
you HAVE to go and try their bocconcini--bite size fresh mozzarella made daily.  the most amazing cheese i've ever eaten!!
