For starters, I've been coming here since I was a kid and not much has changed. Lange's is hands down one of the best deli's in Westchester County. Whether the line is out the door or there are three people in the place, the service and food has yet to lack. I truly appreciate how easy it is to get something on their menu customized or any mix of ingredients made on the spot.
This place used to be great. Went here consistently but not often as in daily,  for years. I went the other week and my 2 sandwich order took abnormally long.   Numerous customers walked in and out with similar orders.  When I finally mentioned they were really taking a long time I got attitude and the over confident person behind the counter made me look like a complete loser saying he would review the video tape and prove me wrong.  This was all done while introducing his owner to me as I was now a problem customer.   The guy they had was new that took my order, no one would help him, I was made to look stupid. Basically told the guy I really wanted to cancel the order and leave and he accepted that and pulled the sandwiches to his chest and throwing my money back saying that's fine.   I was hungry my kid was hungry, I just wanted 2 simple sandwiches made correctly and delicious and leave. I really didn't want to get into a confrontation with an over confident employee. My kids train was coming into the station and I just took the food that I really did not want at this point. I took the sandwiches and regret that I did.  My family spent typically an average of $100/month there even though we all go sporadically.  There were even numerous yet simple that you catered for years both professionally and personally. I don't like being put down even if you have decent product. I was simply made to feel like a jerk for a simple slightly negative comment. Thanks for parading me like a fool in front of your entire deli.  It took me over a month to write this response it was not done in haste as I have been a very long time customer and refused to respond in haste. My family has spent $0 in your place since that incident with your old grey very short haired balding large  counter person and we currently dissuade lots of others from patronizing your establishment based on my experience. Your employee told his owner with enthusiasm that he basically was too good for my money.   I'm going to have a hard time coming back here.  Why would I part with any of my earnings if your going to treat me like a jerk?  I had a simple yet correct comment that made me never want to step back foot in your inhospitable establishment ever again based on your total hostile response. Been loyal until that incident since you opened. Now we totally avoid your place
nice ambiance but far from a superior deli, actually as ny delis go this is average and thats being nice.  portions were too small and food is overpriced.  but because this is upscale bronxville, they get away with it.
There are almost a dozen people working the orders AT THE SAME TIME at this little deli, that should tell you something. :) Lots of menu options. Everything I've had has been good. Reasonable prices. I feel so sad that I've only discovered this place AFTER I moved out of town.
Lange's is the deli I compare all other delis to. It is the deli I carry around in my heart. I have eaten at Lange's for over 15 years, and never got anything bad. Everything has been delicious. I really mean that. Go in open-minded and then read the custom sandwiches they up on the wall. I don't know who dreams up these sammies, but they have great flavor combos. Some classic, some more inventive. There are just really good flavor combinations. The only downside to Lange's is there are barely any tables. Grabbing a table is tough. I wish they could expand the space. It's still my favorite deli ever.
Still good but the cole slaw is totally different.  They used to have a great one here..now it is different and drowning in mayo.    And the good old dill pickles are not the same..   Bring back the dill, please.  Thanks Lange's! p.s.  the rice pudding needs some help too.
We go here a lot crazy good food!  Usually get the Omaha as a hero yummy!  Ohhh always call then pick up crazy lines on busy times.  For pick up walk to the back & after someone working finishes helping someone say "I am here for pick up". !  You have to be fairly aggressive almost to the point of being rude since there are tons of people standing around who didn't call ahead & deli really should have a person just for pick up or separate register or line but they don't!  Do not be deterred good food here it's worth the Hasle!
Nyum Nyum Nyum! I have been here twice now and love this place!  The downfalls are the prices of everything and the fact that they only take cash!  Argh... I never have cash on me!  Otherwise... they're fast, they remember you and it's always busy! Despite people talking about the crowdedness and the amount of people always in here, it doesn't matter!  You walk in and you think you're going to have to wait 10-15mins online until someone even gets to you but in reality, you barely stop behind the next person and they're already asking you what you want! The variety is amazing... everything from bagels to sandwiches to paninis to breakfast stuff to salads to soups.  Great selection and they have a lot of ready made things that you can get as well.  I've had the jumping rooster panini which consisted of everroast chicken, melted havarti and avocado's... YUM! I also had the grilled chicken and pesto with melted mozzarella panini yesterday and was in love again!  So many good choices I can't wait to go back and try.
OMG, what isn't there to love about Lange's?! This place is pretty much your ideal deli, with a bazillion sandwich combinations, each one better than the last.  The line is often out the door on a weekend, but the guys behind the counter keep it moving.  Cash-only, so come prepared (although there's a Citibank right across the street just in case). My favorite so far is the Bonanza, but I try to vary my choices each visit so as to fully experience Lange's creativity.
THE BEST DELI in Westchester When I'm in Bronxville it's a special treat to visit Lange's.  The usual and the specialty sandwiches are to DIE for.  The hot food and salad choices are super tasty. Fresh fresh fresh!  You know that because the line is out the door.  We always get food to go because there are not many tables. The last turkey sandwich I had at Lange's was somewhat disappointing (see pic) because there was not enough turkey -- usually two can share one of these big sandwiches, not this time.  Please do not change the way you have always made sandwiches in the past!  I will be back and see. Do NOT confuse this Lange's with the mediocre Lange's of Scarsdale.  They are completely different.
Great little deli in the heart of the Village with tons of options. I have never gotten anything bad here, their sandwiches are always so fresh and the service is pretty quick as well! I had the Bonanza sandwich most recently and it was to die for! Only downsides to Lange's is that the line is usually very long, and there isn't much seating inside, and it's a little on the pricy side. But don't let that scare you away, Lange's is definitely worth a try if you're looking for a good deli! Don't get Lange's of Bronxville confused with Lange's of Scarsdale either, two totally different places!
The rest of the world is lacking in places like Lange's Delicatessen. What I don't understand is that everywhere I go, I meet people ALL THE TIME from NY. NYC, Brooklyn, Long Island, Westchester, the Bronx.... you name it. And for all the deli's in NY and its surrounding areas, NONE of these people have come from a family run deli?? These places are so popular, successful and boast the absolute best foods, I do not understand how delis do not exist in places that are now home to many ex-NYers. That said, I had a fantastic breakfast at Lange's while in Bronxville. It was the morning of my departure back home to Maryland, and my GF brought us here before sending us off. Mmmm... is there anything better than a breakfast bagel sandwich on the best bagels in the world? I dare you to try and find me anything better. The girls' egg white omeletes looked scrumptious, and the fact that the plates left behind were empty reinforces my belief that they were indeed delicious, without trying them personally. Fast service with a smile, and a bustling, friendly environment surrounded by the local Bronxville folk....this is a place I would certainly return to on my next visit for our girls weekend.
Great little deli with tons of options and really good food. the prices are a bit high once you factor in drinks and snacks but totally worth it. I've never left here unsatisified. The staff is friendly and best of all -- quick! I've never had to wait long for a sandwich. There's some small tables and seating, but not much since the space is not too big. I love their egg custards and mozzarella with roasted red pepper sandwich -- delish!
I am not a fan of sandwiches.  Unfortunately, when you're constantly on the run, they kind of become your best friend and savior.  At Lange's, they take sandwiches seriously.  The menu and the wall are filled with fantasy combination of different bread, meat, and cheese.  The bread is always fresh and toasted to perfection.  The meat and cheese are the finest deli selections I've had.  It's like having 5-star gourmet food packed into a wrap.  It's pricey and the service can be slow during rush hour, but the staff is always friendly.  In fact, they even come out of the counter to hand you your order in person.  No one does deli like Lange's deli.  Highly recommended!
I am all talk...I went back.  Had a great sandwich...so go and enjoy...but get some cash from the ATM first...you're not in Yonkers/Mt. Vernon anymore.
One of the things I miss most about Bville is Lange's. They have great sandwiches. My favorite is the Black forest which is turkey with melted muenster & russian dressing on pumpernickel. They also have tons of different sides including some that might make you think you have stepped back in time. If there is a long line, don't worry because it will move quickly. There are always a lot of people working behind the counter during busy times. Pay attention, and don't be afraid to step down to whoever is calling "Next".
Sandwiches, wraps, side salads -- all very good.  Place gets packed but service is efficient.  They don't take credit so make sure you bring cash.  Eggplant wrap with shredded carrots, alfalfa sprouts and honey mustard is huge and delicious.  It's mostly take-out but they do have about 5 tables with 4 or 5 seats per table. Update - wish I could take away a star, seriously they no longer add bean sprouts because they told me they have a short shelf live and not enough people order them so they discontinued that on sandwiches.  I know, it's a little thing and I can respect their prudency but that place is a gold mind!  W/o the alfalfa sprouts it's not the same.  LOL
I very rarely give out 5 stars,but this place deserves it. I am in love with Lange's. The sandwiches are unbelievable, and they have so much to choose from.They usually have a line out the door, but it moves quickly and the service is great. Everything is good. The first I was there I tried to be healthy and ordered the turkey wrap. Fresh ingredients, healthy.. Second time was roast beef and cheddar. SOOO good!
Best deli I have ever been to! We get the jimmy double d - salsalitto turkey, melted muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, garlic mayo.  So delicious!!!!!
Excellent ! I had the Bonanza sandwich. Chicken cutlet, cheese, fresh avocado and chipotle sauce on toasted bread. SO good.
MMmm..lange's...I miss your egg sandwich with bacon and cheese alongside a regualr coffee. No one in the pacific northwest realizes a regular coffee includes cream and sugar, alas.. They have a great variety of deli sandwiches along with other items. As the others stated, the sandwiches are HUGE, but they are satisfying. I recommend picking up a homemade rice pudding for the road!
As far as delis go... this is the top end of the chain.  If I could, I would order a sandwich from here every day but unfortunately that's not possible for me since I live in NYC.  I had an italian combo - basic, common and as such,  hard to accomplish "out of this world amazing" status.  The meats were so fresh and melted in my mouth, and the portion/mix of olive oil and vinegar was perfection.  This is probably the best italian sub I've ever had - hands down. no joke.  I'm already trying to plan my next trip out to this place for that reason alone.   If you are in the area, DO NOT MISS THIS!!
It gets pricey.  The "system" isn't much of a system.  They are cash only.  Those would be reasons to avoid Lange's but I keep returning.  The truth is that there aren't many people out there that can make a sandwich like Lange's can make.  It is worth the hassle of parking, and elbowing people in line and spending nearly all of the $20 you just took out of the ATM.  Really, they make a mean sandwich with all of the special ingredients you desire.
This place is AWESOME!!!!!  I especially LOVE the rice pudding.  I live in MA and when I am in the area I have to stop by!!!   Sat in once for a sandwich and ordered a ham/cheese and it was so good.  They don't have a ton of indoor seating though.  If you live close by or are in the neighborhood this is the place for lunch! When driving to NY I always bring a cooler in the car so I can bring food home with me!!
Good sandwiches. Enough said. Too bad they close rather early on the weekends.
Delicious and a ton of options.  Not a place to eat in however, but fantastic to take out or take home. Very pleasant people to help out !
YUM. I don't give five stars out freely, but woah Lange's.  A quick word of warning to those venturing in for the first time - know what you want, and BRING CASH!! Don't be turned off by the long line, they move it quickly and efficiently.  They have everything you could ever want from a deli and more, and it is all of the highest quality.  My personal favorite is the Fresh Turkey, which comes straight off the bird. I thought I'd be having cold cuts, but nope!! It's like Thanksgiving all year. And the bread, yum.  I also enjoy the bat boy, though watch out it's (deliciously) messy. You can call ahead to avoid the craziness. Go here.
Lange's is a Bronxville institution.  It's a NYC-paced deli that has one of everything you could possible ask for in a deli.  High quality meats, cheese and breads.  Lots of pre-made side salads and things.  When it's busy it can be intimidating to a newbie - just like NYC itself.   ProTip: try the Bronxville.  It's fantastic.
this is a place for people who have no idea what a deli is -- sorry, tried three times and the food is mediocre, super expensive and the wait is excessive.  No more tries.  There's no place in Bronxville if you're really hungry to get a small lunch to go, and I guess it's superior to the college lunches.  I have been to fabulous delis, the one in Long Beach is the best in the world,  and love the sandwich places in London (like Pret).  CTown in Scarsdale has a pretty good selection of to-go food, but it's 15 min. away.  So, no close alternative, but I won't try Lange's again.
Lange's here is great.  You can get a variety of things and it isn't that expensive.  Its clean, and they do have a lot of food and much of it freshly prepared (they do get cakes in-though I'm not sure which aside from a few-from Ace Endico that you see in many shops). But when I say it isn't that expensive, remember, its Bronxville.  Blue collar lunches here can and will run you $10.  You can get something a lot cheaper, but it won't be as exciting, or nearly as big. If you're a stereotypical working man though, you might find to eat here to be heavy compared to delis in Mt. Vernon or White Plains. That said, its still worth splurging on once in a while!
If you are looking for a tourist experience, then hit up the heart of NYC for some Katz's or the Carnegie deli..... Lange's is pretty much your ideal deli, with a bazillion sandwich combinations, each one better than the last.  The line is often out the door but the guys behind the counter keep it moving.  Cash-only, so come prepared (otherwise a school-kid or little old lady will bowl you over, I know) and come hungry! Seating is limited but the atmosphere is cordial and not having to lug you monstrous sandwhich out the door is a plus...get in early and try out everything - I will definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
Disappointing. Got a turkey sandwich with processed cold cuts for 9 dollars. If your going to overcharge for a sandwich at least use quality ingredients.
Patience is key, but worth the wait. It is rare to walk into Lange's without waiting in line with 10 other mouth watering customers. Fresh selection of Boar's Head meats and local breads. Besides making a great sandwich they make a mean pasta salad! Located in a great part of Bronxville. Be sure to bring change for the meters!
Lange's has delicious sandwiches if you are willing to pay $7.00 and receive a product that is too small by about 3 of those dollars.  I go there rarely enough not to whine about my Reuben sandwich that mostly makes up in taste for what it loses in size.
Langes is a great deli in downtown Bronxville. The menu is endless and everything is done perfectly, from their sandwiches to deli salads and desserts. Meatloaf and brisket are my personal favorites here as well as breakfast burritos.
I went here when it wasn't as crowded as I heard it usually gets so I had a great experience! The workers were friendly and efficient. I had the Tombstone, which consists of hot roast beef, melted white American cheese, leafy lettuce, and garlic mayo on a roll. It was absolutely divine! I enjoy eating at Lange's because the quality is just spot on. I understand that it is a bit on the pricer side, but would you rather pay for quality or quantity? They have me hooked!
My wife went here in her days at Concordia and while we were in the area we stopped in.  I've never been here before but expected great sandwiches.  I went with the benchmark ITALIAN COMBO.Once i found out the wedge was a  Personal sized hero i went with that. They brough it out and it was delicous. I also had a Green Tea arnold palmer. That was great as well,for 2 the sandwich and drinks for 2 came out to about 20$ well worth it.
When we visit my in-laws, I make sure breakfast is from here as they have the BEST egg sandwiches!
This deli is fantastic. Living in Texas I miss eating at a real New York deli and let me tell you this is the real deal. The service is fast and friendly, I've gone there many different times of the day and there is always a line. The food is really fresh and delicious.
Lange's Deli is more or less a Bronxville institution.  Perfectly located right in the middle of downtown and a short block and a half walk from the train station which is great for grabbing something (or make that 'anything'.....they have a lot to choose from) right before or after work.  The food is always solid / quality and the ownership / staff works extremely hard while being very friendly.  Portions are huge as well.  Overall, can't really go wrong.
Alright; so, apparently, the chicken was actually sliced thin, because I ordered the buffalo chicken again. Next time, I'll just be sure to get a chicken cutlet sandwich and get it customized-- right, like a car.
Best deli in Bxville by a wide margin.  There is always a long line so call ahead if you know what you want.  Bonus - they offer curbside pick up.  The "Morning Glory" sandwich is a knock out.  Only strike against them is that they're cash only.  Who carries cash anymore?
to find a great quality and unpretentious deli in a highly yuppie area is like finding a monet at a garage sale. bacon, egg, and cheese on an onion bagel and the pastrami ruben were amazing. probably not the best place to sit and eat though, due to the small size of the place and people constantly on line.
I used to get sandwiches here on the regular when I was in college and it kicked my school deli's ass on every level from quality to pricing.  School- you get a sad, thin sandwich with questionable ingredients and maybe a drink for $8.  At Lange's you could get an amazing, HUGE sandwich, chips, a drink and a dessert for about the same price, maybe a smidge more (I have no idea if prices have gone up since '03). Last winter I had a killer hankering for a Lange's Black forest sandwich.  I expressed this on my Facebook account and the response from my old classmates was overwhelming, THAT is how beloved this deli is. Everyone who's ever eaten there remembers it, misses it, and wants to someday eat there again before they die. It can get really crowded because it's so popular, but it was always organized enough that it never freaked me out (I'm short so I hate crowds/lines because I often get overlooked and it angers me).  The folks at Lange's keep it all in order. Also, they have (or at least had) Drake's coffee cakes. Oh, and there's a bathroom downstairs which always wins points with me.  No public bathroom, you don't get my business.
As I quite often do the laptop thing in the nearby Bronxville Starbucks, i invariably head up the street to Lange's for a well earned sandwich...and boy, they know how to make a sandwich ! Take a Ruben, rammed with sauerkraut and melted cheese...it will make you forget what you had to do after your lunch...      ""Well," said Pooh, "what I like best -- " and then he had to stop and think. Because although eating a sandwich was a very good thing to do, there was a moment just before you began to eat it which was better than when you were, but he didn't know what it was called"...
Busy during lunch hour as expected but the service is quick. Prices are a bit higher than most delis but the food is worth it. If you're in Bronxville, NY looking for a good sandwich, this is the place to go.
Lange's. I love thee. Your sandwiches are so thick, and juicy, flavorful in all the right ways... You even have those adorable mini Junior's cheesecakes, in case I don't feel like taking a train down to Grand Central. I like to get something with roast beef, maybe a little muenster cheese--the weekly specials are great, too. Lines are frequently crazy, but definitely worth the wait, especially if you can grab a table.
Love this place. They have pie, desserts, lobster dogs, sandwiches, breakfast burritos, iced tea, coffee, pudding, yeah pretty much everything I've tried was delicious.
a not-so-special yet simple design inside and out, that's the expression i had when i first entered Lange's delicatessen. its not all about where you dine, but also what you dine. i didn't expect that their breakfast menu was three times better than what i imagined! it's simple, yes, and it's also simply tantalizing with amazingly affordable prices! if you were to visit Lange's, be sure to check out their breakfast specials! ;)
the best. you get what yoy pay for. the best deli ever.
you can get everything and anything your heart desires here, made on premises. what a gem.
great sandwiches; wait can be long (process for serving could be improved, but worth the wait
