I love this place. Great food. Good drinks for happy hour. Nice environment.  We got the chicken and waffles-yummy.  Chicken wings -redundant but yummy and lobster Mac and cheese - first time I ever had this in my life and it was good. Really tight spot. Not good for groups. Can seat about 25 ppl upstairs including seating at the bar. There's some seating downstairs but it's not available for like 2 hours after the place opens because of deliveries. There is a hostess/server that seems a bit off. She has a short hair cut and she's harmless. Just awkward. She sticks her fingers in her mouth ,I believe bc she's shy. She can come off ass mean but...bless her heart. She needs customer service training. Anyway,try the place out but now when I'm there because you're probably taking up my seat
What an extremely rude person. Just walked in, and the bar is full so I sat down on the closest seat (a table). And the server said (word for word) "what time is it, you're by yourself. Can't you sit at the bar." Then I turned around and looked at the bar with the 8 people sitting at it (small bar, 8 people fills it up) and said "no it's full" she goes " well sorry those people are sitting here." I look outside and no one is even there. Then I look where she pointed with a confused look on my face, said thanks and got up to leave. Keep in mind she was extremely rude when she said it, didn't even look at me as she talked to me, pointed and walked away. There was a high 4 top and 1 high 2 two top and 1 low two top empty. She has a completely shaved head and I have seen her at multiple events around Harlem. I work in a local bar, and never thought I would be treated like that in my own neighborhood. If she treats me like that, I couldn't even imagine how she treats everyday customers. Talk about bad service. Your bartenders and drinks are great but man was she just terrible. I have been there multiple times, and can appreciate a well made drink. I just wanted to have an appetizer and a manhattan, sorry I'm by myself. I'm honestly just so disappointed. I just can't get over it.
Stopped in for dinner and drinks with my boyfriend and brother on a week night. The place is small and intimate and there weren't any spots for the three of us so I asked the hostess if there was any additional seating. She brought us to the basement where there were a couple of employees taking their break. We were confused at first maybe as if they just stuck us down there because there was no other room but we dealt with it and ordered drinks. We all ordered cocktails which were AMAZING. I ordered the Ben Dover - which was something i probably would have never tired, but the waitress suggested. It was one of the best drinks I've ever had. My boyfriend and I split the wings and truffle fries, both which were to die for! My brother ordered the chicken and red velvet waffles... UNBELIEVABLE!! Another couple came down and sat near us half way through our meal and another couple were having drinks on the bar stools. The basement area became a great intimate area where we enjoyed some more drinks and conversation! Met Chef Chris outside on the way out and introduced ourselves, What a nice guy! Thanks so much Chef Chris and the 67 Orange Street crew! Will definitely be a regular here since we are new to the neighborhood :)
My favorite spot in Harlem to get drinks, especially late night after I leave work nearby.
What a gem! This is a small but incredibly vibrant place with a great vibe. The cocktails were incredible. Need to go back so I can try others. Worth putting on your list of places to check out for sure. It proves that there is an amazing bar/culinary scene in Harlem.
Rude service. Salty Lobster Mac & Cheese. Very small. These people that work there don't realize that their in the service business. This white boy was rudest of them all  I wanted to smack him. The drinks were decent but overpriced. It took over an hour to seat down and 35 min for a group of 5 to get water. Waitress was kind of rude , not the best at all. Very sassy and but she kind of warmed up towards the end. I've lived in NYC all my life and this is probably one of the worst restaurants I've been to. Do Not go to this place if you want go it's a waste of time and money. Trust me. And Trust all the other bad reviews this place has gotten.
It was loud! GREAT, I MEAN AMAZING MUSIC!! But the wait for food/drink replenishment ZzZzZzZzZz Other than that the manager is present and available and the crowd is super cool, mixed and fun.
Liked this spot on a whole. There is a sense of nostalgia about it and it's trendy. The food especially the brussels sprouts with the pistachios and I believe it was maple reduction was freaking fantabulous. It's a wee bit small especially for Friday because it seems like everybody wants to be there but in its own way being that small also that makes it quaint. The cocktail list is noteworthy and well executed by handsome people in façonable duds.
After living in Harlem for almost two years I finally went here and now I regret not coming here for all this time. The bar has a very cozy feel to it and the decor is great. We just stayed upstairs for happy hour. All the drinks were delicious and made with fresh ingredients. They serve up some of the best drinks I've had in NY for a fair price. We stayed here for happy hour only. They had some discounted bar bites as well. The brussels sprouts were good and the popcorn appetizer (free with a yelp check-in) was okay.Will definitely be back here.
Love, love, love this place. Drinks are top notch, staff is friendly. The only downside, if you can call it that, is the place is tiny.  The Happy Hour is superb.
Came here with friends who could not stop raving about the fried chicken sliders and awesome cocktails. I don't eat chicken, but I wasn't about to deny them if I could get my drink on! For a Saturday evening, the bar was not crowded at all, with even a few empty seats. We sat right at the bar so we could watch the 'tender mixing drinks. The cocktail list is NO JOKE - I don't think I've ever seen such a long list, which is organized by "gin," "whisky," "tequila," "rum," "vodka," "punch," and finally "champagne, pisco, cognac, and beer." I'm not big on cocktails usually, so I chose a beer-based drink: The Honeymaker, which has honey liqueur, amaretto, lemon juice, rye, orange bitters, beer, and simple syrup. Of course, my friends could not stop talking about the fried chicken sliders, so I guess they're good (if you're not vegetarian lol). I really enjoyed my drink and think it tasted kind of like a boozy iced tea. I tried my friends' drinks, and they were awesome too. I like this place for a cozy, laid-back time.
After my initial review, Karl, the owner of 67 Orange Street reached out to me to discuss my experience. He was receptive to my feedback and asked me to give his restaurant a second chance. I am so glad that I did. Orange 67 Street is an amazing gem in Harlem. I reordered everything that I had last time. I had a perfectly mixed Baxter (jalapeño infused cocktail), the brussel sprouts were to die for - perfectly roasted sprouts, lightly tossed in balsamic vinaigrette and topped with pistachios for an unexpected, yet very pleasant layer of depth. The lobster and shrimp macaroni and cheese was incredible as well. The crunch on top really provides a great contrast in textures. The food was perfectly executed and well timed in delivery, kudos to Chris in the kitchen. Karl was at the restaurant himself and came and talked with us. He told us the story behind the name 67 Orange Street as well as his personal story to becoming a restauranteur.  He also, recommended cocktails that were specific to our tastes and they were incredible. The decor, the service, the food, the cocktails all combined for an exceptional experience. Run, don't walk to Orange 67 Street! Oh and don't forget to make a reservation :)
You're perfect - food, drinks, and all.  Don't change.   I'll be back.  Everyone else - stay away!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this spot. Trekked all the way here from BK after my homeboy recommended it. Came to celebrate with my boyfriend and my homegirl. He ordered us the chicken sliders, lobster Mac and Parmesan fries. Everything was DELICIOUS!!! Drinks were equally delicious and potent. We ordered the drink that had bourbon and grapefruit... can't remember the name, but YUM. ETA... Boyfriend just reminded me the drink is called the Brown Derby. Get it!!!
Some people say the service is bad, we couldn't disagree more. Service was great, food was even better. Chicken and waffles, lobster shrimp Mac. Bomb.
Unbelievably good cocktails, served by very talented people. I highly recommend! The service is at attentive, without being pushy. Everyone who works there is super pleasant. The food we tried (chicken sliders and brussel spouts) was delicious as well, and I know I'll be back for drinks again soon.
Loved it for a Happy Hour spot!  Very quaint.  Drinks and food were amazing!
a fun and posh spot in Harlem. Drinks are good and menu is displayed based on the liquor used. I had a gin drink, maybe called something pink, and it was delicious. Other friends had martinis and other rum drinks. Loved the kale salad, the fried chicken sliders with avocado were yummy too. Prices vary for salad about $9 and chicken about $12. Drinks about $12 too. It was our homegirls birthday, she is a regular, we got 2 free shots. The owner is a young Black man who stopped by. The location is small and a bit narrow, the first floor only is wheel chair accessible, bar stools on the left, a step up to sit at booth like seating on the right, stairs on the right to get to basement and 1 bathroom. It's small and intimate, but small enough other folks can hear your conversation. I'm not a huge fan of this, but also not a huge fan of crowded bars. We were there on a Wednesday after 8 and it was comfortable and we had a good time.
I've been to 67 Orange Street, twice now. The first time was for Harlem Restaurant Week and this time for after dinner drinks. I will say sitting down for dinner was a better experience. This time, it was ok... The food selection is a great marrying of new fusion Southern food. Which I'm quite happy with. Truffle fries and so good, I definitely suggest them. I also had the Chicken and Red Velvet Waffles, in my mind, I was like BAM that's what I want. But I will say it can be a bit heavy, even for my little southern soul. The chicken was very good but the red velvet waffles were a bit much, great attempt but I won't get them again. I sampled my friend's mac and cheese and mmmm mmmm good! Definitely check in and you will get some spicy popcorn, I guess to promote the drinking process.If you don't like spiciness you might not like the popcorn, but it was in front of me I couldn't help myself. I will say it took FOREVER to get our popcorn and I don't even know what took so long because the popcorn was stale, soooo did they forever, or does the process take that long?? The drinks are beautiful and tasty cocktails with that Prohibition/Speak easy feel. This past time I had a Hard Wine and it reminded me of drinking Vin Brulè at the bottom of the ski resort in the bitter cold of winter in Italy.... awww those were the good times! The atmosphere is dark and sexy definitely good for a dinner date or some friends you want to catch up with. We came on a Tuesday night and it was nice and quiet until a large group of people came in. It was quite random because who goes hard core drinking on a Tuesday and at 67 Orange Street? This is a classy place, not your local dive bar, I don't know what these people were thinking. And one of the guys asked the bartender to change the music to something more upbeat and said you can plug in my iPhone... really dude? We quickly left there after. I don't suggest you bring your bros and/or large groups of people here, drink all the whiskey and loudly complain about the music, please keep the integrity of this place. Thanks!
I loved the food and drinks, but they were horribly understaffed which meant long delays ordering and getting food and drinks.  I thought it was a relatively new bar and they were still working out the kinks, but now that I see that it's been open for years I don't think there's any excuse.  I saw one bartender responsible for making complex drinks for a lot of people, and just two waitstaff.  They were running around all night and clearly working hard, but we still had long waits to order and get our food and drinks, went long stretches with empty water glasses, and I saw other people getting entrees after their appetizers and some paying before all their food had come. The food was so good (especially the kale salad), and the drinks were so delicious that it seems like a real shame they don't just hire 2 more people for saturday nights to make the whole experience a pleasure.  I'd give five stars for food and drinks and one or two for slowness.
I wish I could bring home a year's supply of their kale salad.  But I guess I will just have to keep going back repeatedly and that will be just as good.  Other food was ok but this isnt a place to really go for the food.  This is all about THE DRINK. True concoctions take time so expect that savoring them will be just as lengthy.  These are not drinks to swill and slop through.  Nice cozy vibe with an interesting presentation for menu items.   May have a tinge of pretentious inclinations but it's all in good fun and this is a "theme" location after all.  I doubt I'd frequent this place alone but in the right company it's worth exploring. Location is SMALL so expect close quarters and make a reservation if you are looking for a guaranteed seat with your meal.  If you go during happy hour, the drinks and the cost will leave you happy indeed.  I can't remember the names of all the drinks I had but there was one--Hedonism I think it was-- that left me quite giddy and fuzzy inside.
One thing I want to get out of the way before I continue on a glowing review: they've gotten rid of their artichoke fries, which I know other people have commented on how AMAZING they were, so I'm not the only one who misses them. That said, this place is great if you want a well-made drink. Yeah, they're a little more expensive than surrounding area bars, but the quality is better so you get what you pay for. I especially love coming here for happy hour - they have a selection of $8 drinks which should stop anyone complaining of price in their tracks! I especially love their champagne cocktails - one of them was a hibiscus cocktail with a little hibiscus flower in the bottom. Aside from aforementioned lack of artichoke fries, the food here is pretty good too, though I've never ordered dinner per se- usually just a snack to go with drinks. The truffle fries and the lobster mac and cheese are both good options. Have gone many times already - I will definitely be back.
Review to the review: I will start off my review by saying we got those artichoke fries. We had an amazing time hanging out with Marcio, Alisha (I hope I spelled it correctly), and Karl.  We sampled some homemade bitters by Karl and Marcio gave us a walk through on every drink we ordered. The cocktail menu is superb and has a little something for everyone on there. I felt like we were in in Mixology 101 and by the end of the night we moved to Mixology 305. Well made drinks and it's in the neighborhood!
Went there on a Saturday afternoon and the door was locked. The hostess opened the door for us and informed us they had a private event (a prohibition tour) but since it was going to be over soon we could come in and hang by the bar.  I thought that was nice. Atmosphere/Ambiance: This place is super small but super cute. There is art on the walls and the bar was filled with liquor and spirits I've never heard of. The crowd was mostly mid 20s to early 30s. At the beginning they played 1930s music but by 8pm they were playing more modern stuff. This place is intimate and therefore a great date spot (if you get a seat). Drinks: I ordered the prohibition and it was quite delish specially if you like cucumber. Make sure you watch the mixiologist make your drinks; he puts so much care into it that you can taste the love.  The prices are not cheap but this is the type of place you want to treat yourself at. Service: One of the mixiologist (with the long dreads) was also extremely friendly and began to tell us about the private event that had just taken place. The other staff including the other mixilogist, barback and hostess were also super friendly. There was a tall white guy who was rude to my friend. When she asked him for a drink he told her he didn't make drinks but saw him making drinks for other people a few minutes later. Other than this, everyone was nice. If you check in on yelp you get free spicy popcorn. The popcorn is extremely spicy so either ask for less cayenne pepper or without any (it still taste pretty good). I would definitely go back!
I've been here a few times and 67 Orange never disappoints! I'm a true cocktail girl and the mixologists here (yes, don't DARE call them bartenders), have delivered some of the best drinks that I've ever had. Not only are the drinks amazing, the food is pretty good too. The red velvet chicken and waffles and jerk chicken wings are my faves, and during happy hour they're each ~ $10. Keep in mind, this isn't the place you come to leave sloppy drunk. These are top shelf, crafted specialty cocktails so they are a bit more on the pricier side ($14+), but you definitely get what you pay for. I'd recommend going during happy hour to catch up with a friend or two, but this place is tiny and seems to be a local hangout, so it isn't a pick up spot or a place that you go with a group. Despite that, 67 Orange is definitely a must try!
I am amending my previous review because of Karl the owner.  While my friends and I have not had the time for a "do over" that Karl offered, the mere fact that Karl took the time out of his busy schedule to contact us  (not once but twice) shows how seriously he takes reviews.  He obviously takes pride great pride in his establishment.  It's rare that a business owner takes immediate action to rectify a wrong and that goes such a long way.  My friends and I would happily go back because of Karl.
Great atmosphere. Phenomenal cocktail menu. I really like 67 Orange Street.  Every time I go (and actually stay) I have a really great time, drink some tasty innovative cocktails and bop my head to music that takes me back to high school or earlier. I generally appreciate a good cocktail menu.  I don't care where I am, I need to see a cocktail menu and if you don't have an acceptable one, I'm probably leaving (unless it's a beer garden).  The cocktails at 67 Orange are delicious and well-executed.   It is an intimate spot.  Perfect for dates or catching up with a small group of friends.   The only drawback is that the space is very small.  Unless you get there early enough on a Friday, you'll probably have to stand very awkwardly in the middle of the room, or go elsewhere.  I tend to go during the week -- a great space to unwind and get a nice break from a hectic week.
Review for cocktails only I'm surprised the star count is so low, this is a great cocktail joint in the style of JBird, Guthrie Inn, even the former Milk & Honey. We sat at the bar, and had a number of delicious cocktails. The barkeeps really know their stuff, both in how to make the drinks, and the ingredients themselves. Got a very good explanation of what falernum is. If you like classic cocktails, 67 Orange St. is destination worthy. Sorry I don't have much more to say - what else is there to say? The drinks were terrific, and I have nothing negative to add.
Went there for a drink one evening while visiting NYC after a long run at the central park. The place was very busy. I found a seat in one corner, checked in on yelp to get the free popcorn offer. I ordered a some drink that had mezcal in it. Even though it was expensive, the drink was very good. Gave them just 4 stars because it took them 35 minutes to serve me the free popcorn that they advertise.
Good spot.  I  came here via a Groupon that included 4 drinks and a narrative tour of the prohibition era.  The place is definitely hidden and cozy.  They serve both original and new inventive twists cocktails.  And the music and decor is on point with what you expect for the popular speakeasy spots. The place is small, so most likely everybody will hear what you say.  Not recommended for cozy one on one type of dates. Overall is a good place to enjoy a cocktail if its not too crowded. I'll definitely come back here again.
Had another chance to swing by over the weekend to have the artichoke fries since we missed out on it last time. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Marcio taught us the history of bitters (never knew exactly what they were prior), while Karl gave tourist an introduction to Manhattan's and the keys to their distinct flavors. In the evening, the decor becomes very dim and intimate.   This place has quickly become a favorite, and a must for Mixology style drinks.  Definitely worth a trip if you are not in the neighborhood. Cheers
I'm sorry but this is the saddest excuse of an attempt to create a lounge outta of somebody's shoe closet. You need to lube up with some K-Y jelly cause the space here is TIGHTER than a virgin. WOW is all I can say. First it's two floors of closet space. You literally walk in and have this URGE to keep walking with the HOPE that there's more...NOPE. But wait, you see stairs leading to a basement. You quickly go for the stairs, you peep over the rails and you see a another small space but wait, there's a curtain...maybe there's more...uhmmm...NOPE it's just the coat rack...LMAO. I sat downstairs and i saw a few people do this all night...only to return upstairs and inhale the the Carbon dioxide someone standing real close by just exhaled. PLUS..ok first your space is tighter than fresh ass, then you wanna charge an ARM and a LEG for drinks. MIND YOU, this place is suppose to be "speakeasy" style so they don't have all the drinks you would typically order at a bar. I wanted a Malibu( cause I bowdown to all things malibu) only to be told by the waitress that they don't have "typical" bar stuff because of the whole speakeasy thang thang. this place is a fire hazard, I'm sure if the inspector came by and saw all those people in a tight ass place with only one door out, some type of violation ticket would be given. I was annoyed!!! I would warn against this place but again, cover yourself in K-Y jelly makes maneuvering  your way around way easier,  plus the price  of the drinks is like taking it raw up the ass...K-Y will help with that as well. Smooches :)
Love the place. The owner needs to run for political office! Great staff, excellent service and good food.  Absolutely love the place. I've lived in Harlem for 8 years, heard and passed by the establishment many of times, but didn't patronize. Big mistake. Cause i was very impressed and overwhelmed by the beautiful energy when I finally tried it. Andrew was very accommodating, food was good, and its because of all of these great reasons, that I'm definitely coming back. Keep up the awesome work! I'm actually proud to hear that this establishment has been around for a while. #bottomline - Quality Establishment for a good time, good food and good drinks. Make sure you try it out when in #NYC. I've traveled the globe and I'm convinced that #67OrangeSt is a #WorldClassic. Thanks.
67 Orange Street is a solid cocktail establishment, especially if you find yourself (cue Bobby Womack) up across 110th street.  You're not going to find lots of super innovative drinks D&C style, but if stocking green chartreuse is any kind of measure of a bar (it is), these guys definitely serve up some mean traditionals.  The Last Word was perfect. There are some really great food options as well.  The deviled eggs 3 ways are quite tasty, and if you want something more substantial go for the chicken and red-velvet-waffles.  Yes, you read that correctly.  They take red velvet cake batter and make waffles out of it.  Then throw on some apple butter, and top it off with chicken.  A nice variation on the traditional Harlem soul food.
I love 67 Orange. The barteners are really nice and will have a nice chat with you. They are legit mixologists and will happily take the time to explain the ingredients of a cocktail of you have questions. My favorite part about this bar are the chicken sliders. If you love Chick-fil-A sandwiches then give them a try. They are so crispy and amazing! Also, I love the music and the cozy atmosphere.
My friends and I stumbled into this place after being squashed out of Bier. The vibe at 67 is a lot more chill and speakeasy. To be honest, it has one of the best cocktail lists I've seen in the city. With that said, though, the size of the drinks all very much vary. The Hemingway Daiquiri was tiny, but my Moscow Mule was extremely large, three times in volume, I'd say. The décor is simple, and it's small enough to feel cozy but big enough to feel like you can enjoy your time with your friends. The tall booths on the right side are a little awkward. It's as if the chair isn't deep enough, and there seems to be some wasted space in the corner, where no one can sit. The Harlem Shakes - fries - were quite excellent. A bit crispy, not too oily, and nicely seasoned. Overall, the price on all the bar snacks - upscale bar snacks - are really great, especially considering the high price of drinks. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the mood to drop some change on drinks. It gives a reason to skip out on the more well known spots south of 14th Street.
Expensive, super small place. $13-$15 a drink in a tiny glass. Came here on a Saturday night and it was pretty packed. Stood in the nook in the corner then moved downstairs to the little stools next to the wall.  Not only was there a really loud group down there, there was a strong incense coming out of the wall. It gave me a headache instantly ! Service is very par, waitress only came attentively when we had our check and she was waiting to collect the money, other times not really present. Very whatever, I dont think I will be coming back here.
67 OS!!!! How do I love thee, let me count the ways....This extremely tiny place but big on food quality is fantastic. ME and a friend went there for dinner and had a blast. The atmosphere is sexy, dark and intimate and the food is awesome. I had the Lobster/Shrimp Mac and Cheese which had just the right amount of cheese and ALOT of lobster and shrimp throughout the dish. It was also a sizable portion and the crispy brussel sprouts had a delicious caramelized crispiness going on also. Let me not get started on the raw Kale salad that had a balsamic sweetness to it with Parmesan cheese sprinkled throughout. Friggin awesome! My friend had the lamb chops which were cooked to perfection-just the right amount of tenderness because most places OVER cook them to the point of getting lock jaw with all the amount of chewing you have to do. I LOVE 67 OS and so will you:)
As others have said, I'm absolutely thrilled that you don't have to travel downtown anymore to find  cool speakeasy type of bar.   I love how small and intimate this place is and the decor seems very fitting-sexy, yet relaxed and non-pretentious. It took some time for me and my friend to decide on our drink orders because of the vast amount of menu items. Luckily the bartender was able to help us narrow it down a bit.   I ordered some cocktail with rum, tripple sec, vodka, and fresh watermelon puree-it was nice and refreshing.  The friend ordered some gin cocktail with fresh raspberry puree-muddled and strained on the spot-nice! The bartender was friendly too and definitely had that old school/speakeasy/bartender in Harlem vibe, but the conversation got a little weird at one point. The music was on point too (great R&B playlist in the background). I really appreciate a nice handcrafted cocktail as I consider myself a mixologist in training and realize that making a drink can be a work of art.  While the cocktails were good, I can't quite give it that 4+ star rating yet-I can't put my finger on it, but something is missing.  I'll need to come back at a busier time and try the food to get a complete picture of this place.
Place is easy to miss as they do not have any signs or awnings for this restaurant I'm assuming that's on purpose to keep some mystery I suppose. I was only on the main floor I believe there's a downstairs eating area as well. Dim lit small space went there on a Friday evening around 8 ish. We were seated immediately right by the stairs which was a little annoying. The place is pretty tight so we had to constantly tilt to the side to let pple get by. Cocktails are strong and tasty but overpriced for the area and the amount you receive. Roughly $12-14 for a small ass drink. Anywho ordered the red velvet waffles and chicken good little dish I enjoyed it my friend ordered the jerked wings those were tasty as well. The bald waitress was unenthusiastic and really drab wasn't feeling her. Looks like the place is a local spot for Harlem hipsters which is cool. So would I run back no, walk very slowly yes...
LOVED it here....stopped by for Happy Hour one Friday. HH cocktails were well priced, but I was actually a huge fan of the cocktails off the normal menu. Rumnesia is delicious- you can't go wrong with Appleton VX. Tried the lobster mac- very nice cheese sauce with big pieces of lobster and shrimp throughout. Had dinner plans so didn't try too many apps, but will def. have a full meal next time. Pretty intimate space, but well worth hanging out especially if you snag a seat at the bar.
This place was alright... The bartender refused to make my boyfriend a hot toddy. I get it it's the end of april, but he was sick and they have a kitchen. Not a huge deal to boil some water and it wasn't busy. So fine we order Manhattan's. Once again I get it, I have above average standards bc I've bartender for so long but a Manhattan is a staple. Both of our drinks were too think; they were almost soupy. We asked if is he could throw more rye in to dilute it which he obliged to and didn't charge us extra so that was very nice. The clientele was douchey. Let me put it this way... this girl some guy next to us was hitting on went to the bathroom or something and the guy started talking to his buddy across the bar loudly how he was hoping to take her home and how maybe their girlfriends could get together *wink wink. Jerks. Unattractive jerks.
This place is a hidden gem. So don't tell anyone. I've come here mostly during Harlem Restaurant Week, but my friend who lives in the neighborhood tells me they now have HH specials, so I'll be visiting more frequently. You NEED the popcorn you get upon checking in, and you REALLY need the brussels sprouts. The sprouts are life-changing. My fave cocktail is the Emancipation, hands down, but they are really crafty here and can customize to your booze-loving heart's content. Sexy, sultry vibe, with great music. PS - follow them on Instagram!
This such a cooooooooooool  spot............ I love it! Me and my friends met at this cute spot as our first spot in Harlem. The atmosphere was really really cool. The bartender was really cool and inviting.......... Our drinks were so good - the name of the drink was Hibiscus Champagne.............. ooooh talk about really good and strong............ it is a must try...... This place gets 4 star based on atmosphere - great bartenders - great drinks....... I will be back.......
Lawd!!!! The Mac and cheese!!!!! Best I've ever had. This place is super small. So not good for a large group. And I do mean super small. But nice mixed crowd. Get there early. Seats are limited. It's a speak easy place. So no sign outside the door.
My gf brought me here on Saturday night after a BBQ with friends.  She really likes this place, but hadn't been back in a while, which made Saturday the perfect opportunity.   I had a great time.  The place was pretty full, but we were able to grab a couple of seats at the bar fairly quickly.  Bartenders and servers were friendly and it was easy to get someone's attention at any given time to place an order.  The atmosphere was also pretty nice.  The upstairs area is on the smaller side, but when paired with the lighting, gives off an intimate feel.  In addition, I loved the style of the bartender.  According to my gf, his outfit was the standard dress for everyone at one point and I'd certainly enjoy seeing that reinforced (I think it adds something to the experience).  Further, the walls were lined with the work of local artists, which might've been available for sale.   Aside from the surroundings, I was also very pleased with the drinks.  The items offered were from their summer menu.  I strongly recommend the Porton Fizz (which I really enjoyed).  I also tried the All's Pear...in Thyme, which was pretty good as well, and we shared an order of the Truffle and Parm Shakes.  For the fries, I couldn't really tell whether the parmesan really added to the dish, but they were good either way.   I absolutely intend to go back sometime.  While, I'm not a fan of gin, there was a drink - the Color Purple - which looked worth a try.  I'd also like to try the Wild Hibiscus Royale, which looked equally as appealing.
67 Orange turns you on with its combination of sultry cocktails, seductive menu and intimate speakeasy atmosphere resulting in a slow burn kind of orgasm leaving you feeling warm all over. Yes, this place is super small but after a few super sexy handcrafted cocktails and some luxurious truffle fries, You won't even care... I promise!   Can't wait to come again and again!
The place is great. The drinks are awesome and the food is great too. I worship the Brussel sprouts! The only drawback is the lack of space. Get there early, cozy up to the bar and watch the mixologist work. Lovely bar and atmosphere.
Marcio is an alchemist. First drink amazing. Second drink I'm questioning how the flavors got in there. 3rd magical conception and I'm good. Then these cats put some spicy cheesy popcorn in front of me. Done. I will be back.
I am obsessed with this place. I love that a friend shared this secret with me. I honestly don't even remember which drinks I've tried, and it doesn't even matter. What I remember is how much I enjoyed the drinks and more importantly, how much I've thoroughly enjoyed every experience there. I love watching the bartenders carefully craft each drink like a science experiment. The combination of the music, the intimacy of the space, the cool vibe of the staff, I love how comfortable it feels and thoroughly savor each moment of the ambiance. I've gone with different people, which made each experience a little different, but each time I fall in love with this place all over again like it's the first time. I love that I can go there on a weeknight and they can somehow create this balance of being very chill yet lively. I might need to go there tonight.
I'm not too sure how I feel about this place. But I do know this place is kind of sexy. Not in a "look at me, I'm sexy" way but in a suttle, hipster, low key sexy way. For starters, this place is tiny! The drinks are a little pricey for the area but they all have names and the drink menu are like old black history books or something like that.  The truffle fries are good. The music was right on point! I went on a Saturday night and the dj was playing late 80's, early 90 & 2000 music, I couldn't help but smile, dance and badly sing along. I have to go back again to get a better feeling of this place but I lked it
This is by far one of my favorite places in Harlem to eat and have a drink! Its small so it can get full quickly but when you're in, you're family. Alicia is amazing and always so helpful. The ambience and drinks are amazing as well as the food. The kale salad , emancipation, and lobster Mac are my all time favs!
This is, hands down, my favorite cocktail bar in Manhattan. I used to live in Manhattan Valley, just a short walk from here, and really hated the college bar scene around Columbia/Barnard. 67 Orange is a hidden gem and a breath of fresh air. I've taken friends and dates here, and can say that it is good for both, but definitely is not a place for large or overly rowdy crowds. This place is a nod to the black-owned speakeasies of the Harlem Renaissance, and feels authentic. The bar staff always looks dapper and classy and are a friendly bunch. The crowd tends to be a mix of young locals looking for a low-key night out. While I have never tried the food, I have tried most of their cocktails, and have consistently been impressed. The drinks are typical New York pricey, but so worth it considering the level of craftsmanship that goes into them. I recommend the Color Purple in particular. If you're looking for interesting cocktails that go beyond the usual flavor combinations, this is a great and unpretentious place to satisfy your inner mixologist. I wish I still lived in the neighborhood, because I miss it!
Dear 67 Orange, I love you. First off, kudos to having a hot bouncer at the door and not just a big black dude in a trench. Best part of my night was my friend pushing back the curtain every so often to look at him lol. The drinks are amazing but the menu was a bit overwhelming. Lucky for me I made friends with a regular and she pointed me in the direction of a very refreshing drink with dill, cucumber, and gin I think. The place is pretty cool though, tiny, nice speakeasy vibe, very chill crowd. They don't really have music but for background, there's a downstairs but I didn't go down there so I'm not sure if there's music or not. I didn't try the food but it smelled pretty good. It was my first time there and I would definitely go back for a nice chill night.
Most Amazing cocktails...One of my favorite spot in Harlem. Here for a "Don't kick my Bohu"!
Great vibe!  The best lounge to meet friends or socialize with like minds!  Super hip!  And the drinks set this place off!  My favorite is the a rum drink called Forbidden Love!!  But, there are such an array of cocktails that anyone can find there style and taste!
Over and over again I come here cuz the drinks are top notch like me and my friend low key and a great atmosphere what more can u ask for I love 67 orange street really located on 112 th and 8th ave aka Fredrick Douglas blvd !
This is a great place to grab a drink.  67 has an impressive and creative drink menu. The food is also good. I would definitely recommend the brussel sprouts and the popcorn. The music is always great.  The space is tight but it is definitely worth a visit.
Before I wrote a review for this bar, I wanted to visit different times on different nights. As are a lot of cocktail places in NYC, your experience will completely change based on the crowd and people working at the bar. Some tips: - On a Saturday or Sunday night, unless you're willing to tolerate a crowded bar and slower service don't go here. - On a week night, this is the perfect place for pre-dinner drinks or a post-dinner night cap. The staff is much more attentive. - There is a large table with lots of seating downstairs. This is really the only space that's appropriate for a large group in the entire bar. Try to get it if you can. - My favorite drinks are the Aviation (gin based) and Whiskey Bang (whiskey based) If you choose the right time to go here, the experience can be really pleasant!
We were going elsewhere for dinner so the 5 stars are just for the drinks - not to mention intimate/classy atmosphere and wonderful bartender. The drinks were so carefully crafted with fresh ingredients and were imaginative and quality. I hope this place stays around because I want to come back next time I'm in Harlem!
I'm pretty sure half the reason I renewed my lease is because I can see 67 Orange from my apartment. This is hands down my favorite bar in the area. It is intimate and fresh, the perfect space for post-work cocktails. The place is dimly lit and the windows are covered with red velvet curtains, so if you aren't looking for the 67 outside the door, you could miss it. The actual menus are found in books I want to read. They have art from local artists on the wall and the place is pristine. 67 Orange draws a diverse crowd, but somehow the patrons and staff are always ridiculously attractive. Everything I have ever ordered here is mouth-wateringly delicious. I will not lie, I sometimes have dreams about their lobster mac and cheese. I keep telling myself I'm going to try the chicken & red velvet waffles, but I always go back to the mac n cheese and the brussels sprouts. The spicy popcorn isn't just spicy either...its like a flavor explosion! Same with cocktails--I forget which ones I tried before "The Hedonist" because it is THAT good. I promise they were all yummy--this one is just my favorite. I hear they are now doing a happy hour with $8 cocktails, but I haven't yet been during this time. Anyway, if you haven't been here yet, you should go. Tonight. I wish I could say this next bit really quietly and fast, like a drug commercial listing the side effects, because you should still go. It gets really crowded on weekends. Unless you get there early and have a nice place upstairs, its probably not worth the price of the drinks, because they are expensive! I don't like being downstairs either--half the fun is seeing the amazing bartenders at work, and it lacks the decor of upstairs.
Yes to the Prohibition, kale salad, chicken sliders, lobster mac and cheese. I can definitely see this as an after work spot. Super tiny though. Haven't checked out the bottom level yet. A great reason for me to return :)
Harlem is a better place b/c of @67OrangeStreet There is bliss, peace and mindfulness  woven into every detail of the cocktails, the menu, the ambiance and the team.  Marcio is a Supreme Mixologist. Moscow mule, elote popcorn and jerk buffalo wings on a comfort food day.  The skirt steak and Brussels sprouts on others. #Everything
Drinks were delicious and strong. Neal and Burt were awesome and very friendly. Chix sliders and fries were scrumptious. Looking forward to coming back soon!!
This place seems cool. It was pretty busy because there w as no room downstairs and my friends and I had to wait at the bar for a table to clear on the main floor. The atmosphere was chill, the drinks and food were good, and staff was attentive. Chicken sliders and truffle parmesan fries are recommended.. and the check in offer of spicy popcorn might seem random but REALLY good!
Did you know the original 67 orange was in the five points?  I'm THAT person giving history lessons while everyone else is trying to drink and be merry. Anyhow. ... This place was really really nice and chill!  Its just a little hole in the wall (with a downstairs too) so kinda easy to miss. Yes the drinks are pricey ($12 & up) but they are well crafted and balanced. I had Cleopatras lust (yea for marcois' drink!)  I also saw they had a drink on the menu with campari, but not what I had seen online. The bartender knew it was probably a negroni I was thinking of and made me one with the biggest ice cube I've ever seen. My friend had a jalapenoy tequila drink that i liked even better. The crowd was a great mix of all different genders, ethnicities etc and the music they played was kind of l ok loungey chillish r&b (I think I heard Lisa shaw being played) A great little spot. My only regret is that I had already eaten so I couldn't try their chicken and red velvet waffles!  Hope to return next time I'm in town!
This place is fun. I like the cocktail menu and we went in to celebrate (three of us). We all ordered different things from the food menu so there was an opportunity to try a few things that way. I had the chicken and red velvet waffles which i thought was lame because they had some icing and syrup on the side none of which complemented the chicken at all but my friend had the lobster mac n cheese (delicious) and my girlfriend had the salmon which tasted delicious. Aside from the lame fried chicken the only gripe would be spacing but you can't help that, it's a hot joint and I'm going back to hot that lobster mac n cheese again
It's a good thing I don't live in New York, because I would have a definite problem. 67 Orange was suggested to me by a friend who had recently moved to NYC from our hometown of Minneapolis. I was there visiting for a week and was invited out to her girls' night. I can't give an accurate review of the food other than the parmesan fries which were AMAZING. I could probably have eaten 3 plates. I would love to try their chicken and red velvet waffles if I ever go back--a combo I to this day have never tried. As for their drinks, the bartenders at 67 Orange have impeccable taste. As "mixologists," their drinks may be pricey, but worth every drop. I especially liked the Moscow Mule--vodka, ginger beer and lime. The environment was very speakeasy-like--dark lighting, curtains, bartenders in vintage-style clothing (suspenders, button down shirts and the like). Definitely my kind of vibe. If I ever have the chance to visit the Harlem neighborhood of NYC again, I will definitely be making a stop by 67 Orange. Thumbs up!!
Really cozy, warm atmosphere. The food was delicious and our server, a Jamaican guy with locks was really awesome. I ordered the School's Out drink and thought it was bitter and asked him for a different drink but then he assured me that it's one of the best drinks and might have had a bitter batch of watermelons. He brought me a new one, along with a shot of it for my friend & I, and he was right! It was delicious!   The chicken and waffles were really good and I loved the artichoke fries & jerk chicken wings. I would definitely go back sometime soon.
The food is great, and so is the service.  I strongly suggest making a reservation and keeping your party at 3 or less.  The space is extremely small and even if you have a table you are going to be packed in.  The mac is delicious--full of tender bits of shrimp and lobster or generous sprinklings of wild mushrooms.  The elote popcorn is unique and addictive as are the fried artichokes.  I love this place for its history and great drinks, food and service.
It's hard to believe that this speakeasy cocktail lounge exists in this neighborhood, though it is a beautiful homage to a different time. When the Harlem Renaissance made Harlem the place to be for artists and intellectuals before poverty and drugs took the neighborhood by storm. Come here to drink gorgeous and innovative cocktails made by period dressed bartenders who are every bit as cool as you might imagine was the case back when jazz was the day's pop and people still favored suspenders over belts as a matter of routine fashion. Like gin? There's a gold mine of concoctions mixed with the herbaceous spirit. Whiskey your poison? Plenty to choose from. Vodka (are you really that boring)? Have at it. Pretty much anything and everything can be mixed at this bar from sweet to savory, floral to spicy, they'll make it and make it very, very well. The champagne cocktails appear to be popular as well, though that's not my thing. The clientele is as eclectic as the drink menu with a lovely mix of races and ethnicities peppering the few tables and stools of this cosmopolitan bar. I've rubbed shoulders with TV personalities as often as I've been hustled by one of the remaining vestiges of the previous poverty of the neighborhood (quickly shooed away by the attentive bartender who did so with aplomb). What makes 67 Orange so special is not that it's a mixologist's wet dream, but because it seeks to reinvigorate the neighborhood's rich history rather than gentrifying that history out of existence. With Melba's near by this strategy of improving on the past rather than replacing it is alive and well on Frederick Douglass in South Harlem.
Hmm. Early Tuesday evening-- it's packed. Couples everywhere. We're shuffled into one of the last tables.. I'm not offered a chair, so I squeeze next to my friend. I order Mo' better -- tasty, spicy, sweet. My friend orders an Applejack (I think that's the name)-- was spicy and strong! Atmosphere is chill, casual. I liked it more after my drink. Then we left. I don't see what the hype is about-- the drinks are strong, but it's a tiny place.
Tried this place for the first time with my wife. Location extremely small, decor nice(wife loved the pictures) and the prices rather extreme.  Drink she ordered from the extensive drink menu was ok according to her but  I was disappointed because they only serve cocktails and really nothing else. Couldnt order a simple beer. Not one for cocktails so i sat at the bar drinkless.  Was askd by bartender if i wanted a shot of somthing i kindly declined.  No intentions of going back but was ok with stopping in and giving it try.
what an awesome place!! food was great, drinks were fantastic, atmosphere phenom! nothing more to say. we ordered the truffle shakes, jerk chicken wings, elote pops, and velvet waffles and chicken. the shakes were delicious! such warm potato goodness covered in luscious Parmesan cheese. the elote pop was sweet and spicy and really made your taste buds pop! chicken was well seasoned and waffles soft and spongy. they have a drink called dont kick my bujo (i think) and it is quite an experience. u can taste the smokiness of the liquor, soo good. we also ordered a spicy drink and man it knocked my socks off! the staffs' recommendations were on point and what great service!!!
Wildly disappointing. From an owner that claims to want to compete with the cities best bars, this falls WELL short. I WANTED to like this place. I would love if there were more places uptown that truly compete with downtown. And for 13 dollars a drink, I expect nothing less. Unfortunately, the drinks are subpar for the price point. They couldn't even make a decent Manhattan, which is a massive fail for a bar aiming to be the premiere lounge uptown. Many of the drink specs are just.... off. While admittedly, this is still one of the better places for a cocktail uptown, that's not saying much, and mainly due to a near complete lack of competition. If Mr. Williams wants to compete with downtown, they best step up their game on better bartenders, menu development, ice program... pretty much all fronts really. Otherwise, lower your damn prices and stop pretending you're something your're not.
Alright, so I love the concept.  Let's start with that.  And I WANT to love the bar.  However, I really think the owner is banking on the fact that everyone in the neighborhood WANTS to love a new business like this.  Even though many reviewers complain about the high drink prices, I think offering up 'less than adequate' because you know you CAN (because options are slim) is an even worse crime.   So, we have been here twice. The first time they were missing many ingredients so we kept having to change our drink order, but our final choices were great.  The food had hits and misses. (ex. Deviled eggs=hit, onion petals= miss) The bartenders were nice.  The place was not at all crowded. (Mind you, that last one is in the minus category.  A dark, cozy bar should have customers!) It had all the characteristics of someplace we would definitely give another chance.  After reading about the owner and then seeing the bar in person, we thought he was probably still fine tuning everything.  We gave him (and the bar) the benefit of the doubt. Three months later, we returned. Some stools at the bar are broken already.  The curtains are tied open, letting in garish, mood-ruining light. Instead of being packed with laid back customers sipping hand crafted cocktails, there is only one other group of women in there.  They are singing and dancing to the uptempo playlist, requesting songs to be repeated, as the bartender obliges.  Let me say, I would love to party with these girls - friendly and fun, but this doesn't seem like the right vibe overall. Our drinks come. They don't have apricot simple syrup (can't think of a decent excuse why, with how 'simple' it is to create simple syrup) so he adds peach juice instead.  Actually....delicious.  My husband's? Not so much.  If you warn that it is 'very Rosemary-y!' we should be able to taste some rosemary!  We order calamari and the oyster poboy.  Poboy and accompanying popcorn (even burnt) was delicious.  Calamari was good and would have been great...had it been hot instead of on it's way to downright cold. Two more drinks.  This time my husband's is amazing and mine is...ehhh.  He drinks them both.   Honestly, I still would give this place another shot after the above description.  But then there's this: So, my drink took a really long time to come.  Like, after our food and way after my husband's drink.  Granted, a few more people had come in at this point so the single bartender was a little overwhelmed.  But here's the kicker.  Guess who else came in at this point?  The owner.  And with only about 7 guests in there and an overwhelmed bartender, guess what he did?  Made himself a drink, ordered some food and sat down at a table. He didn't say hello to customers.  He didn't replenish missing cocktail ingredients.  He didn't help out the bartender and make and/or deliver some cocktails. I have seen two types of restaurant/bar owners: The type who stay inspired and humble and who passionately treat their place like their baby.  Bussing a table if it needs it.  Chatting with customers.  Trying to figure out how he/she can do better and grow. OR, the one who gets caught up in feeling special and uses the place as somewhere they can come to show off on a date. I had hoped this owner was the former, but last night he seemed like the latter. It is a big deal for us to go out.  It takes organization, paying a babysitter, staying up late (two babies at home.  We are exhausted.) When we DO go out, we want to support a local business, even if it still had some flaws, but if the owner himself is complacent and doesn't care how empty the place is or about the service and cocktail choices people AREN'T getting, then why should I care? (ps.  I understand that with so many ingredients they might be out of some sometimes.  However, they have been out of a LOT both times.  And silly ones, too. Really? You couldn't have bought a little container of strawberries from a street vendor today? That was too hard? AND if the place was packed every night, it would then make financial sense to have all ingredients on hand...so work on getting and KEEPING customers!)
After Trattoria in the Bronx, we were hankering for drinks, so Chris drove us down to 67 Orange, near the station we would supposedly use to get home (see review for the Auction House for the reason we did not use that station). Walking into the place, its apparent that the concept is a small bar with select clientele, and a winning menu that changes at the whim of the tenders.   Upon checking in pops up an offer for truffled popcorn, which I stored for my next visit as I was uber full from dinner. That did not stop me from ordering 3 drinks.  Yes, yes 3.  Get over it, I can hold my liquor (depending on the night). Working my way through a libation made with bitters and rye whiskey, led to the second with gin and cucumbers, and I ended with the beautiful hibiscus flower in champagne.  What a pleasure! I really loved it, and want to go.  Is it Sunday? I have work tomorrow? Dammit.   Maybe Wednesday.  It's my birthday after all.
I was so excited to see a bar come into the neighborhood- a real bar!  Not a restaurant bar, a student bar, or a weird cafe/bar (ahem, Cafe Amrita).   The drinks were great, the bartender was knowledgeable, the atmosphere was cozy.  But the spell was rather violently shattered when the bill came.  Woah, mama!  $12 for a vodka and soda?  I know they've got to make the rent and all, but damn.
Excellent cocktails and friendly folks. I recommend sitting at the bar, if you can.
My favorite bar in New York, hands down. Maybe its because its the closest bar to my house thats not super shady and filled with creepers. Maybe its because the bartender is super friendly and now knows exactly what I like (either the ben down or the ben over). Either way, i love this spot! Its a tiny little place that definitely has a speakeasy vibe and i pray that it doesn't get too blown up with all the press its gotten recently and the fact that Marcus Samuellson (celebrity chef/owner of Red Rooster) is a regular there. The drinks are expensive so I cant go there too often (momma's on a budget!) BUT everytime i do go, its a great experience! everyone is friendly and welcoming and the drinks are deliciously crafted! I have tried the deviled eggs and the lobster mac and cheese and both are delicious! id like to try the other things on their menu, especially the red velvet chicken and waffles! yumm!
Two new joints recently opened on Frederick Douglass Blvd., just across the street from one another. Atomic Wings and 67 Orange Street. If that doesn't perfectly encapsulate the gentrification of Harlem, I don't know what does. I haven't tried the wings yet, but I did go to 67 Orange Street, and I have mixed feelings. It's definitely cute, all dark and moody interior, and the bartender was super friendly and made some really nice cocktails. But $13 each? You realize we're still in Harlem, right? It's nice to have an upscale option in the neighborhood, but I can't afford to make it a regular destination.
I kept hearing so much about this place.  Apparently the food and drinks are really good -- if you still have that kind of money to spend on discretionary items. The place was very expensive, dark and very tight.  There were only a few tables opposite the bar and we were told they were reserved! OK.  We looked around and saw there were stairs but didn't discover until much later that the stairs lead to a dining room in the basement.  I might give this place a second chance but I really don't like for quarters to be that tight. Plus side is that it was very chic with the upper echelon of "new" Harlem turning out in full force. The music was the kind you might hear at one of the downtown lounges that overlook the city that fusion-y music they use in car commercials. If you are looking for something different from the usual scene in Harlem, this is the place!
hidden gem in Harlem, its a small place so call ahead and try to reserve one of the few tables there. The drinks are the highlight of it all and the ambience ia not bad either.
Now this review is a long time coming. I enjoyed some of the bartenders from last summer. There was a young lady who was into Fashion Design and Jewelry who was the bomb! The other who was a budding actress....not so much...I came back tonight and there were two male bartenders, and a house of people that I did not know. Plus I was drunk.   Doused a Moscow Mule, talked a phenomenal mess of "nothing". Met some people, including a "friend." Yea, that is an aiight spot.
The ambiance at 67 Orange St...nice.  The extensive drink menu at 67 Orange St... nice.  The bartender at 67 Orange St... nice.   The expensive drinks in small a$$ glasses.. NOT SO NICE! =( I ordered this chocolate cocktail at 67 Orange St... it was so gross.  I'm sure there are better drinks on their very extensive... and.. expensive drink menu.  Not sure what possessed me to order that mess. The spot is on the small side but it's a nice down feel.   The music is pretty good as well.  In addition to drinks I've had several appetizers here which I think are priced pretty well.  The mac & cheese (pretty good but could use some more seasoning)... the hummus and "grilled" pita (not so great.. the grilled pita was straight up burnt but this could be a one off case, I kinda doubt it tho)... the buffalo burger (it was not bad but I'm not a huge fan of buffalo meat... my friend loves buffalo and enjoyed this burger).
A small speakeasy cocktail lounge, classy and dimly lit, with a table to accommodate groups downstairs (and seating that's far too low in relationship to the table). The bartender knows his stuff and clearly loves to innovate new drinks. He's also an excellent DJ! I thoroughly enjoyed my "Manhattan After Dark", but I did not enjoy its price - $15 for one. Expect to shell out some serious cash if you plan to sample 67's impressive menu. Thankfully, select cocktails are roughly half off during Happy Hour.
I am not a fan of the proprietor's other establishment, Society Cafe, also in the neighborhood. I feel it is over-priced (tiny portion sizes and mediocre ingredients in many menu items.) However, I loved the cocktails prepared by Ms. Irwin at 67 Orange Street the night I went-a couple delicious Dark and Stormys and a terrific cucumber martini. The space was quirky and warm (literally and figuratively.) One cheesey element was cheap "Spin" barstools bought from Crate and Barrel. They just didn't fit with the decor and were a less thoughtful element than the other aspects of the interior design. I met a friend, who also lives nearby, for a couple drinks on a Saturday night. The service was good, but the space was very tight (there was a private party downstairs that night.) I was forcefully bumped by the actual owner (who didn't apologize), as he walked by. The music was safe R n' B (Stevie Wonder, etc.) and was a smidge too loud for this small-ish space. However, the lighting was warm and inviting and the crowd was beautiful and pleasant. I did not eat at 67 Orange Street, but might do so soon. Three cocktails, two cranberrry juices, and a plate each of chips and popcorn set me back $55 without tip. Again, the drinks were delicious, but did not pack any real punch. Next time, I'll stop in for one drink, rather than stay for a second and third (and fourth.) A last-minute shot of Jameson's (was that supposed to be a double?) set me back $13.00-WOW! I had been stunned by $9.00 for the same in Tribeca, where I'm certain the overhead is considerably higher. Overall,  67 Orange Street is a nice place to impress a date in Harlem, but you'll need to find a spot that allows you to have a hassle-free conversation. Generally, if I want an upscale cocktail experience, I'd rather go to a place like Stone Rose, where I can imagine where my money is going. Like at Society, I felt a bit ripped-off at 67 Orange Street.
I love this place!  Only thing I don't like about it, is the difficulty finding a seat at a table.  This is a speakeasy, but the food that is just as great as its fabulous drinks, and the bartender Marcio is a cutie who clearly takes his craft seriously.  I recommend you come here and try everything on the menu, starting with the truffle parm shakes.
Great speakeasy vibe. Dark ambiance, great bar decor and killer cocktails. The vodka cilantro cucumber drink was absolutely fabulous. Nice space, friendly staff and not too crowded
Yikes, why all the haters? I was here on a Monday night for a friend's birthday.  We had a party of eight people.  It was cute and cozy, the staff was delightful, and everyone in our group enjoyed their cocktails.  No one was disappointed.  Big smiles all around.  The drink menu had a good selection of clever offerings. My boyfriend and I sampled the bar food, and loved it as well.  Portions weren't big enough to qualify for dinner, but we savored every bite. Yes it was expensive, but I'd be back.  I don't drink often, so it doesn't hurt my budget to pay $8 or $12 for a cocktail.
So, the drinks here are $13.  Why am I saying that like it's a problem? Because this bar is so far from Downtown!  I would think $11 would be sufficient for this neighborhood.  Their rent is already markedly lower than downtown establishments' rent, so they can spare the $2/cocktail to keep some loyalty to the neighborhood. I checked in on Yelp, which means I earned a free popcorn, but I had just eaten so I did not cash in on the deal, but if you're going, CHECK IN ON YELP FOR FREE POPCORN! -I'm a fan of gin, and I thought I'd love the Eastern Flavor Trader because it has all the ingredients of which I'm very fond, but the grapefruit juice made it a bit too tart. -Cleopatra's Lust was delicious.  Prior to heading to San Francisco this summer, I had no idea that I like egg white in my cocktails, but now, I'm finding myself ordering it all the time.  The green chartreuse was a good addition, too. My friend and I had 2 other cocktails, and one was delicious and one was not for us, kind of like how the Eastern Flavor Trader could have been amazing (to me) but was too tart with the grapefruit juice.
See...my review might be a little skewed because I'm in love with this place. I love that it has no definitive sinage outside so that upon first visit you may walk past it a couple of times before you realize where it is. I love the downstairs seating area.  Intimate and cozy for 2 people (if you get there early enough to snag it), but also quite comfortable and spacious enough for a group of friends.   I love the elevated booths on the main level.  I love the bartenders that are super friendly, mix a great drink, and are pretty easy on the eyes. I love the sophisticated yet laidback atmosphere.  I can come here in a sundress and flip flops, or after a fancity night out dressed to kill and feel equally at ease. I love the creative and quite delicious menu.  The lobster mac and cheese is rich and filling, and I can't wait to try the red velvet waffles.   Okay, so it's a bit on the wee side and the drinks are in the $13-$15 range.  Two very minor tradeoffs in my opinion.
Great bar.  I'm reluctant to write a good review, because I don't want this little gem to get too popular (it's a small space after all), but it seems like the cat is out of the bag.  This place offers great cocktails, with speakeasy style menus (a little trendy, but it's a nice touch).  The truffle fries are to die for, as are the Brussels sprouts.  You won't be disappointed.
Takes a little for the Bartender to warm up but it really doesn't matter because he executes on the drink making. Was in there on Saturday night around 2am, girl at the Bar had requested Tupac and he was playing the jams. Being from the West Coast I definitely appreciated that. He loves music so he will probably have any song you request from old school Mary to some SWV. Drinks are pricey ($15) but nowadays seems to be the norm for a quality drink. Chill atmosphere, just my type of place.
At this point, I've pretty much become a regular here. At the same time, it's not like the regular watering holes I usually find myself. It's a cocktail bar, and not some place you come to drink rum and cokes all night long. These are seasonally designed cocktails, and so far, everything I've had has been very good. I like the atmosphere a lot, but I worry this place may get to popular and become unmanageable. There's not a lot of space in there. But it seems the later we get there, the better for us. I haven't tried the food yet, really. We did have some homemade potato chips that, at the time, were the perfect snack. Honestly, I'm can't pin down why I like this place so much, could be the bartenders, could be the drinks or the atmosphere. But when you live up in Harlem, places like this are not plentiful, so I guess it's only natural to cling to it.
I went to this spot for the first time the other day, and I liked the atmosphere and refreshments. I enjoyed the hummus with chopped tomatoes and seasoned pita. In terms of drinks, I was really glad I chose the Brazilian Jig. The pineapple juice and chunks of ginger added great flavor to the cachaça. The Ben Down also got rave reviews from a bunch of people in my group. Besides our elevated booth, there were are a few other seats at the bar, two next to the staircase, and a couple more by the entrance and windows. The venue is intimate, with colorful Harlem-themed art and a diverse books about Harlem displayed on the brick walls. The service was ok; the bar seemed understaffed for a few hours so the sole waiter was doing his best. Maybe they don't expect many people in the early evening. Also, a few of the appetizers --falafel, guac for the sexy nachos--were unavailable at the time. I loved the 70s r&b, 80s hip-hop, and 90s dance music that played throughout the night. It started out at a good volume. You could chat and laugh with friends across the table, or nod your head while reciting Slick Rick's "Children's Story." But the music was turned up a little too high when more people started coming in around 9pm. It's a small place, after all, so the big nightclub volume didn't match the narrow bar space. I had a good time, and I'd like to check this place out again soon.
I love the idea and the concept of this bar but they prices are high.  My friends and I decided that if 67 Orange created a nice happy hour or even gave you a bigger glass for drinks than it would be worth the cost.  But I love  the fact that I can stay close to home and enjoy a nice atmosphere!!!! Oh the servers are the best!!!!
67 Orange street is a wonderful bar. I have to disagree with other yelpers about the quality of Orange's drinks compared to other downtown establishments. The cocktails at 67 Orange street are, in my opinion, much better than many downtown speakeasies. For example: I recently went to Pegu Club after hearing rave reviews of their cocktail list. Yeah, it was Ok, but many of the drinks did little to amaze me in the originality department and a were much too sweet. 67 Orange street's cocktails are in exactly the same price range as Pegu's, but much more well balanced and carefully conceived. You can tell just from reading their extensive cocktail list that they are passionate about mixing. Their aviator is the best I've tried in New York. I don't mind dropping 13 dollars on one of these works of art. Asa, the bartender is ridiculously handsome, knowledgeable and caring about cocktails, and extremely professional. He goes out of his way to make every customer feel comfortable and informed about the drinks he mixes. He always seems calm and at home behind the bar, and does not posses a snobby, elitist attitude that many "mixologists" do. My only gripe is that the space is quite small. It seems especially busy and crowded on Wednesdays. I try to go during less busy hours, and manage to be quite comfortable at the bar.
Beautifully crafted cocktails at this very intimate speakeasy.  I had the Manhattan After Dark and a Rude Boy Old Fashioned and both drinks were exceptional.  Staff was friendly also.  The place was crowded on Friday at around 7 but as small as the place is, tables were turning pretty regularly.  Looking forward to my next visit.
I've only been here once and I was already "nice" so take my review with a grain of salt licked off a lemon slice and chased with tequila. Anyway I ordered a Granny Smith martini and it was incredible, filling and combined complex flavors that border on biochemistry. I had to sip it slow to enjoy the "party is in my mouth and everyone's invited". I had a sip of my friends drinks which were also lovely, but this one took the cake. The drink menu was very well thought out. Providing an informative back-story on the drinks and the spirits used. I didn't have food, I didn't even know they served food but the drink menu is enough to get me to come back. Gone are the days of $10 cocktails anywhere uptown that's close to Central Park, but this was worth the price ($13 if you're wondering). My only complaint is how incredibly small the space is, there's seating downstairs, but it's probably for private parties. But that's not their fault. It ends up being a great place to go if you want a solo nightcap but still want to feel part of the crowd.
I loved the vibe of this bar. Laid-back but classy! I ordered 67 Orange Street's take on the mojito, and it was unlike any other mojito I've had before. The unique taste caught me by surprise, but I ended up really enjoying it. Minus one star for the price ($13 for most cocktails), which seems a bit high for the neighborhood.
I plan to be a regular here. The best cocktails around and phenomenal service, along with awesome music!
Great drinks. Great staff. They let us stay after-hours and even brought us some shots to celebrate the newly married couple in our group.
This place is a mixed bag for me:  the drinks are good, the snacks are tasty, the space is cute, the crowd is right, and it's clearly a great addition to the neighborhood. On the other hand: the space is really small, the service is up and down, the hours of operation are discretionary, and addition of ventilation would be appreciated. That being said, it's my local and I love it.  I can't even remember what this stretch of Harlem was without it.  Long live it.
I feel like this place is very much like walking into a Stanley Kubrik film.  Weird but awesome in a weird way.   Awesome drinks.  Truly amazing mixologist behind the bar making unique concoctions that will thrill and surprise.   Open late...Yay!  Seriously, Harlem.  Get it together.  This can't be the only place open past 2 in the neighborhood.  Hopefully 67 Orange will inspire others. I haven't gone here for food, but when I do, I'll be sure to update.  Deal?  Deal.
Great list of mixed drinks a mixologist somewhere is smiling because everyone in the place that night could not stop raving about their choice of libation ;) Speakesyest location across 100th Street. I will find my way uptown again to 67 Orange very soon.
I was in NYC with my boyfriend last weekend and wanted to go a restaurant with great food, energy that felt very NY.  A friend who lives in Harlem recommended 67 Orange.   We made the trek uptown, and I read some Yelp reviews prior to coming which were somewhat helpful because we definitely would have passed the place.  The door is very nondescript, there is no big or bright sign, and there is a huge velvet curtain that you have to walk through to enter.   We had reservations, but upon entering the tiny place, and when I say tiny, the place is the size of a living room, there was no one to greet us so we just stood there until the bartender said have a seat.  We found seats near the door, (There are only 6 tables in the whole restaurant)  The hostess/waitress/bartender came over and said you can't sit here your table is downstairs.  I asked if we could stay, because I read the vibe was much better upstairs ( it is) but was told coldly that these seats were already reserved.  We  go downstairs and it's even smaller, dark, and with little decoration, almost like an unfinished basement.  We are seated at a table that has this weird couch bottom that you sit on with no back so you are leaning against the staircase. The people sitting next to us are smoking, and the vibe was a bit weird.  We tried to make the best of it, because the music was great, but we eventually begged to get seated upstairs.  The waitress barely spoke to us, and would walk past our table and say nothing, we always had to stop her to get her attention.  I think we waited an hour for our food, we both ordered the chicken and  red velvet waffles which other yelpers recommended, which were really disappointing. Being a foodie, and in NYC  where there are  a million and 1 amazing restaurants, and having waited an hour, I was totally crestfallen. The highlight of the night was a drink my boyfriend ordered, 'School's Out,' simply amazing, this is definitely a place I would recommend for drinks, sit at the bar to get service, and not for food. ( Do keep in mind, drinks here are like $14 a pop., and the glasses are small.)  So if you live in Harlem visit, if you are anywhere else, don't waste your time.
A great breath of fresh air for a neighborhood that doesn't have any classy bars within walking distance... the selection of beer and booze isn't phenomenal by any means, but it's certainly the best in the neighborhood.   Since the neighborhood isn't the greatest, I understand that you've gotta keep your prices a little higher so that you won't have people coming in to buy a beer with the change from their dixie cup.... but 57 Orange Street takes it over the top.  I don't think you can buy a drink for less than $12 here.  The owner seems to be confused.  He thinks he opened his bar in meatpacking, not 113th street.  Someone needs to tell him that he missed it by about 100 blocks.   Also, I've been frustrated by the place more than once because they're closed Mondays and Tuesdays--which in my opinion will keep this from being a "neighborhood joint."
I gotta say, I have mixed emotions writing this one up.  A small speakeasy not too far from my place that serves an eclectic menu and exotic drinks?!  Not sure I want too many folks in the know.  Went here the first time a couple of months ago and have been back a few times since and have been impressed with the cocktails and the food.  Try the Brown Derby, made with bourbon, fresh grapefruit juice and buckwheat blossom honey syrup, to take the edge off a long day at work.  If you're into the smokiness of mezcal, they have some tasty offerings as well.  The bartenders are top notch, making sure that there is love in the way they make their labor intensive cocktails.  The food offerings that stand out for me have been the Kale Caesar Salad, both healthful and delicious.  The fried chicken with red velvet waffles were also a winner and the brussel sprouts are a must.  The jerked buffalo wings also make the cut.  The menu seems to change periodically but those seem to be staples.  I'm becoming a regular for sure.  Though the bar area is pretty small, about ten stools and a couple of tables, there is also a downstairs mini-lounge space if you want to hang comfortably.  Now that I've shared the love for 67 Orange, I hope I can still get a seat.  ;)
Where to begin ... I found 67 Orange Street through the Harlem Park to Park offer, which is offering retail/dining pre fixe menus. I highly suggest you check it out and take advantage of a few of these offerings, as it ends May 15th. After reviewing the pre fixe menu online I was sold. I needed to check this place out. When I called to make a reservation, also to find out if the menu I was interested in was being offered, the kid who answered the phone didn't have much info and kept yelling back and forth to an employee asking the questions I needed answers to. This bothered me a little but fine. In order to make a reservation at this place you must email them. Great, did that got the reservation for the date and time I wanted. The establishment has no strong signage so don't get put off it you can't find it. Also from the outside, with the way they have those curtains hanging, you may question what your getting yourself into. Whenever we walked in to this teeny tiny place I was shocked, no need really for a reservation at all. Atmosphere: set up like a speak easy type place, great vibe, good decor (they could fix the curtains though!) and the music was on point. Food: We did the pre fixe menu that is being offered right now but everything on that is on the regular menu. Apps: Harlem Shakes, what might be the most delicious french fries I've had in a while. I'm not sure whether it was the paprika or the truffle salt and oil but wow, I highly recommend them. We also have the deviled eggs, which was also pretty damn delicious. Entree: I had the tofu sliders and my friend had the beef sliders. The tofu was REALLY good, I always like to see how places are going to prepare there tofu so whenever I saw this on the menu I got all excited. It was amazing. I was told that the beef burgers were also just as delicious. Cocktail: BEN DOWN: Appleton Estate Reserve Rum, Canton Ginger Liqueur, Mint, Lemon & Ginger. Get it! I promise you won't be disappointed. Overall the food was amazing. I would go back for that. I feel like they have a little work to do in the service area but that's fine that can be overlooked because the food and drinks were hands down great. I was scoping out the rest of the food they had and I thought for what was being offered it was a little pricey but I'm sure totally worth it. They have chicken and red velvet waffles on the menu. I don't really eat much chicken anymore, but for some red velvet waffles I might have to go back and take part in that. If you have the chance to go especially while their running this menu I would say give it a shot, its only $20!!
We really needed this in the area! Great, eclectic cocktail menu and pretty space. Bartender was friendly, and it wasn't too crowded. Will definitely be back!
I have been here 3 times now. My friend takes me everytime I go NYC to visit him. He lives right around the corner from it. When he took me there the first time I would have walked right past it if he hadnt stopped me and said that we were there. You would definitely miss it if you are just walking down the street. There is no sign out front, no real door. no windows. We stopped in front of a slit of a hole in the wall with a dark curtain drapping it, you pull the curtain aside and walk into this totally hip speak easy kind of bar. It makes me think of a time when there was the prohibition and people were going to special VIP members only kind of clubs. Its has all exposed brick wass which I love, a very small bar with some stools around it and some small little tables scattered around. I have always sat at the bar and the bar tenders are personal and it feels so intimiate like you are a bunch old friends hanging around. Everytime I go in there I feel like I want to be wearing Jessica Rabbits sparkly red dress, Elbow high gloves and asking some sexy guy for a light for my cigarette. It has a timeless feel and a very new cool hip feel, kind of like jazzy club or where you would imagine Erika Bahduh would hang out with Wylcef Jean, and Ray would be there too with Billie Holiday. The only downside is that the drinks reallly are expensive and you cant just go in there and have just one (I have tried) you just want to keep tasting other things they have to offer. Its borderline 5 stars, its just the prices the get me. Maybe once I am a millionare it wont matter, but for now this girls gotta budget!
Price: $14/drink Highlight: I like it My little speakeasy style nook. Seats about 20 people give or take - on wooden benches and barstools. What I applaud about this place is its consistency. You know it is going to be soft lighting, chill music, the beautiful waitress.... Alysia? Alicia? Aleecia? and the tall bartender with the suspenders... Garreth? Garret? Garth?.... so I may not have the names straight but I can vouch for the drinks, which you can choose from the old history book style menu, which has the old history book style writing. Before you knock back a drink or 6, or attempt to grip the book with hands greasy from the truffle fries, it is worth a read - chronicling the origin of the name "67 Orange", walking you through the era of the speakeasy leading you to visualize in your mind a people and a time that once inhabited the spot in which you were presently sitting. The drinks are amazing. On the menu they are sectioned into Rum, Gin, Vodka and I am not sure about the Beer. Here you could leave your first visit having a favourite drink but by your 3rd or 4th time it makes so much sense to play with different selections. On repeat for me are the Ben Down, Yacht Club and Hedonist.
Great spot! Speakeasy feel. Bartenders dress very 20's & play great music. Drinks are classic & probably the best in the neighborhood. Food is delicious. Lobster Mac is insane. Highly recommended.
Pretty much what you'd expect for speakeasy-type place doing craft cocktails on the pricey end of the scale. Came on a Saturday night and had one tequila drink and one rum drink.  Both delicious, well crafted, and worth the long wait (caution: do NOT drop in for a "quick drink" here, the preparation takes quite a bit of time, the place is tiny and very crowded, and you don't want to chug $15 or more worth of your drink in just a couple minutes- leave time to savor!) Andrew, one of the very gracious and talented bartenders (and possibly manager/owner?) helped us select drinks, made great recommendations, and was fun to chat with. At 10:30 or so on a Saturday night, it was PACKED, but we still lucked out and got 2 seats at the bar. The bouncer is a little pretentious, but, since this place seems to be getting more popular, may be useful at times when it's just too crowded to stuff more people in! For yummy drinks with quality ingredients in very interesting combinations, check it out. I'll be back to try the food!
My boyfriend found 67 Orange St out of the blue one night when a bunch of us were looking for a place that wasn't as crowded/loud as somewhere like Harlem Public House and with more of a cocktail program.   This place delivered and is my new favorite bar in Harlem. This place is super small and quiet, which is great for what we wanted--great drinks and food in a place where friends can actually hear what's going on in each other's lives. The bartender and all the wait staff were very friendly. Our waiter was soo nice and funny--he even brought us special shots from the bar for free! They were some concoction of vodka and lime juice (?) maybe with some cucumber...? So good. The food is out of this world as well, I'd definitely recommend trying the brussels sprouts. And, if it's available, definitely try to sit downstairs which is just a super tiny room with two tables that makes for a really intimate, nice setting to hang out in. Go here! It was great! "Yo--let me be real with you. This chicken is amazing."
It was early on a Saturday evening. We stopped by here for drinks and dinner. It's a small spot, fairly quiet, but with an intimate vibe. The owner, Karl Franz, was lounging at a high-top table waiting for customers and immediately offered us "the best seat in the house." The cocktails, mixed personally by Karl Franz, were exquisite. My girlfriend had the Emancipation (cucumber, vodka, cilantro, citronge, lime juice). I started with the NY Sazerac (a whiskey cocktail with rye, cognac and absinthe) and then went on to a Brown Derby (bourbon, grapefruit juice and honey syrup). All were well mixed and strong, with great subtlety of flavors. Sure, they are $13, but they are worth every penny. (To the Yelpers who have complained about the prices: you are still in Manhattan, and these are better than most drinks you're going to get downtown). The shrimp salad with delicately dressed greens was the best I have ever had in the city of New York (and I am a salad eater). We split that (although I kinda wanted to eat it myself) and then shared the lobster macaroni and cheese. That was a bit bland for my taste -- the cheese overwhelmed the lobster flavor, but she liked it. Extra-nice touch: the dishes were served by the chef himself. For dessert, we had the chocolate cake, which was drowning in chocolatey goodness -- very intense and rich. What's not to like? We will be back to this cozy, inviting find in Harlem. The neighborhood badly needed a great speakeasy like this: a warm vibe, great music, fabulous cocktails and bar food that is not an afterthought.
Not sure how anyone could give this place less than 4 stars. This place is great and not just because it has nothing to be compared to in Harlem. The cocktails are solid, albeit a little on the small side for the price. But you come here to indulge in a finely crafted libation, not to get sloshed. The ambiance is great and feels like a true neighborhood bar. The owner is sweet and engages with all of the patrons. My friend and I shared the Spicy Pop (popcorn) and Sexy nachos (wouldn't say they're sexy, but they were tasty). I had the Emancipation and she had the Wild Hibiscus, both of which are their standout drinks. The only reason this place doesn't get the full 5 stars is because it's just too small! We were lucky to snag seats early in the day but by 8pm it was standing room only.
Cute, cozy, but not a lot of seats. Not a big beer selection - only 4 bottles, but a good selection out of those. Didn't try the food, but it looked really good.
Cool speakeasy type place with velvet curtains over the front to hide the inside. Most cocktails look to be around $13 so don't expect this to be like your typical 3rd Ave. joint w/ $2 pints and happy hour specials.  If you order a beer at this place you've done something wrong. Drinks are strong and amazing.  I had this drinks with Barenjager and a whole bunch of other liquors and it tasted better than unicorn tears.
Last night I went there for a date. I immediately liked the darkness and intimacy of the place. Even though the place is very cozy, I still felt like I had privacy. It felt like a speak-easy with food, so I was wondering how the food would be. We ordered truffle fries, fried chicken sliders, and lobster mac. Boy were we blown away! Everything was just phenomenal. We couldn't believe the portion size, especially the amount of lobster actually placed in the mac & cheese. Great food, but that's not even my fav part. We ordered absinthe drinks, so they place an antique ice water contraption on the table and mix our drink and set the sugar on fire tableside. We got some really awesome pics, and if you know how to drink traditionally drink Absinthe, you would be impressed. Next I did a flaming absinthe shot, which I had to suck up with a straw immediately after the fire was put out. Again, their presentation was flawless. My gf and I will definitely be going back on a regular basis. It's nice to see a place like this in Harlem. They seem to have a nice group of "regulars". The people next to us were very nice and pleeasant. The ambiance was great; the music selection was eclectic but very fitting of the venue. Very pleasantly surprised by this place.
Excellent spot for a date, or just a few drinks....they have a menu of food, which I have not tried but looks good.  Their drink menu is excellent and the mixologists also prepare non alcoholic drinks w some pretty unique flavors.  Would definitely go back.  Also, can get pretty packed, its a small, cozy spot so don't go too late or you will have to wait outside.
It's a small place, maybe 6 tables with some bar seating, so if you come on a Friday/Saturday i recommend reservations. Cocktails are very good, the food/small plates were fantastic. I recommend the jerk chicken wings and the brussel sprouts. Plus, for checking in on Yelp, free spicy popcorn.
67 Orange Street is a  true Harlem gem. This chic nouveau speakeasy is reminiscent of a golden era in bar tending.  Mixologist, Kali Erwin, serves up  both classics and exotic infusions the likes of which I haven't seen since my last visit to Milk and Honey. I recommend the Baxter; a sweet smokey twist on the margarita made with Kali's signature Jalapeno infused tequila. It's smooth and sweet capturing jalapeno flavor sans heat. Another favorite is the Hibiscus Royale, an enticing combination of sweet and tart. The plush velvet burgundy floor to ceiling curtains and warm exposed 40 watt bulbs give 67 Orange Street sleek and secluded speakeasy atmosphere. 67 Orange Street is a must see. So take a few friends and have a few Basil infused rum shots with a side of stuffed olives. Yes it's a little pricey but the drinks and the service are worth what you pay for them/
2.5 Those who know me understand that nothing gets me more jazzed than learning about a new cocktail bar in town -- and north of 96th street, at that!  So I've been dying to visit 67 Orange and see how their drinks stacked up against my faves.   But I've gotta ding them on a few issues.  Mainly because if you're going to charge $13 / drink and channel the nouveau-speakeasy scene, I'm going to compare you to establishments in city that do the same.  Unfortunately for 67 O., the others do it better (and in some cases, for less).   Let's be fair.  I generally liked the looks of the place.  A semi-secret drinking den vibe with more modern, urban touches (see pics).  On the other hand, the restrooms were of the bubble-gum pink tile variety.  But we go to a bar for the booze, not the bathrooms, right?  But you can't consider yourself a fancy-schmancy cocktail bar without at least a few of the following (yes, I'm being picky, but consider the price range): *Bourbon, in stock (yup, 67 didn't have ANY, didn't offer to get any and the first drink on the menu is their take on an Old Fashioned)! *Chilled glasses (although I did like the contemporary style of theirs). *Metal straws to keep each sip ice-cold. *Deluxe ice machines (or at least a few different-shaped ice molds) because drinks deserve better than the same old cube every time! *Comfy seats (my bony butt was in pain). *Bartenders who know how to shake it (literally).  Manager / bartender Kali was cool and she's obviously a cocktail enthusiast, but that girl shakes it like a girl!  And if you don't shake the drink just right, the ingredients aren't as well mixed, and your cocktail isn't cold enough. *Fun (free) finger food.  Always a nice touch, but none to be found here. *As-advertised cocktails.  I was looking closely and didn't see any fresh ginger added to the Domain de Canton in my Five Points (images.nymag.com/images/…).  Another drink on the menu that night called for star fruit, but was made with grapes instead. Not that we didn't have fun.  Their drinks were well above decent, and I'd be give it another go (I REALLY wanted to love the place).  But here's the thing: owner Karl Franz Williams was recently quoted addressing those who say their cocktails are too pricey: "...You're saying something uptown can't be as good as downtown."  I of all people believe things can be as good (or better) uptown vs. downtown.  But in the case of this bar, they just aren't.  Sound harsh, Mr. Williams?  Adjust your prices and I'll adjust my expectations.
Update 7/17/11: Management has dipped, food service is very uneven, quite disappointing given how great it has been and can be.  But the DRINKS still ROCK. Karl Franz, please get it together again.  We love your concept, but if the expanded menu is too much to live up to, why not simplify again, or just bring in dishes from your other spot up the block.. I'm no Gordon Ramsay, and I know you're supposed to be some Ivy-educated-entrepreneur-restauranteur whiz kid, but just ask me, I have some good ideas which I'd be happy to share ;) ----- 1/2010: I loved this beautifully designed, elegant little place when I visited for the first time a few weeks ago- and coming back a second time, this time on a Saturday evening, I think I was even more dazzled. Asa the bartender is consistently amazing at shaking up (never stirring!) his exotic essenses, the bar food and bites were tasty (molasses glazed short ribs rock!!) and the DJ knows what he's doing. They make an art of exotic designer cocktails with signature recipes which really knocked our socks off... using top quality spirits, freshly extracted juices and aromatic herbs; and everything elegantly presented. I can personally recommend the Emancipation, the Mediterranean, the Madame Almack *and* the Ben Down. PS don't miss the homemade Jalapeno infused Herradura Tequila!!!!!! Great to see owner Karl Franz who one of our party spoke to about renting the place for a big party she plans to be hosting... We'll be back very soon. PS (3.17.2010) I am a bit disturbed by the commentary intimating that prices "in Harlem" should be more budget.  It is offensive.  As a lifetime New Yorker and longtime Harlemite, I bristle at attitudes like this which I have found usually mask a kind of newbie misplace pseudo cosmopolitan wanna be elitism.  If down town is so great, be our guest and get you to the new Loisaida, newer Williamsburg, or Soho-cum-Madison Ave (from someone who was stomping those grounds while you were hanging at the mall ;) and put a sock in it.  Why you think they should cut you a deal on a fabulous elegant experience of real quality, is beyond me.  And PPS, I'm the first person to be cheap and resent over-priced fluff, but this place actually puts forth something akin to the real deal, so I HAD to say something... In fact I'm planning to meet a friend there this week and very much looking forward to it :))
Love this bar. Please don't come here; it's rare to find a spot where the cocktails are excellent, the vibe is nice and you can still get a table.
Nothing like a dark, speakeasy right in the neighborhood. Great for a chill date for drinks and good convo. Or if you want to just drop in an explore the unique cocktail options, also the place to go. Love this place and they also have good music (and a great clientele)!
Okay so the outside kinda looks like shit!!! If you weren't really looking for it you would never really find it! It has cheap deep red curtains hanging from the ceiling. The resturant itself is about the size of my living room. It has bar seating and about 3 tables. It is one of the those 'I have to get my phone out to see the menu" places. I am not going to lie I was a tad bit tipsy when I came there, so I was just excited to eat! Now thinking about it I probuly wouldn't waste my money. The service was okay. The waitress seemed to take awhile to bring up some small talk. I guess the owner made up for that by getting us drinks. The unique thing about it is that they have paintings up all around the place and you can buy anyone that tickles your fancy! The food was great at the time cause I was starved but was it worth the $$$? Naw I dont think so. I have had a better overall experience at other places!
*If* you can get beyond the sticker shock, then 67 Orange is a charming place to go for a single yummy cocktail before or after a late dinner.  The two I've tried were clearly carefully concocted and perfectly refreshing.  I was initially apprehensive due to the pseudo speakeasy gimmick, but the whole place from decor to patrons strikes me as unpretentious and warm.  Economic downturn permitting, I'll continue to splurge there every so often.
Superb little dimly lit mixology bar. Friendly bartenders. Great drinks. Good music. Did not try the food.
I'm giving it 1.5 stars, but I guess I'll be nice and round up. My friends and I (party of 6) waited damn near an hour for one bowl of punch to show up. I understand that it was a busy Saturday night, but ONE HOUR?!?!?! It was a cute space, but I don't feel the need to ever go back. Oh, and the stools at the bar downstairs are broken. Sit at your own risk!
I'm really surprised by the negative reviews here and I have to agree with M.S..  Yes, fancy cocktails cost money - uptown, or downtown - and the cocktails at 67 Orange are worth the money.  I have been stressed as of late and the Double Relaxation cocktail (chamomile-infused vodka with honey syrup, citronge, and fresh lemon juice) was just what the doctor ordered, and entirely worth the $10 it cost.  The service was eager and attentive and the vibe was very relaxed for a speakeasy - no excessive crowds like you'll find downtown.  Plus, given it's location near both Zoma and 5 and Diamond, it's the perfect place for an after -dinner drink.
I went to 67 orange with a couple of friends who had gone before and said it was amazing... I was looking forward to a good time... which I had, for the first 5 minutes.   The rest of the night was so bad, that it turned out being comical by the end.  We were waiting for a camera crew to pop out from behind a curtain and tell us we were on a hidden camera show. We sat downstairs because it was the only table that would comfortably accomodate us as a group of 4 for dinner.  The drink and food menu was very interesting and I was excited.   We ordered drinks and they all came at different times.  Not a big deal.  A martini was ordered and spilled on my leg when our waitress passed it over the table.  Not a big deal, but everything went downhill after that.  The martini was ordered without gin, but came with it anyway. We ordered 2 appetizers, the spring rolls and calamari.  Then we ordered our meals.  There was no "dinner salad" so, my friend ordered the chicken and waffles instead which was supposed to come with a type of applewood butter.  Myself and another friend ordered the oxtail ragu. We sat around for quite a while before our waitress came back to us to let us know that there wasn't any oxtail so we had to make another selection.  I ordered the beef ribs with celery slaw.  The waitress told us she would put our order in asap so it would come out with the other meals. We then asked about the appetizers that hadn't arrived yet.  She had to go check on them.   She came back with the two orders of chicken and waffles, one had the butter and one did not... they ran out, and no apps.  She had to go check on them again.  She came back with one app, and again had to go get the other one.   So there we sat with 2 apps, and 2 out of 4 meals.  Waiting for 2 more that came about a half hour or 45 minutes later... one at a time.  My ribs were mediocre at best, the sauce was bland... and there was no slaw.  We asked the manager who if they had slaw and he just looked at us and turned back around. The manager was down there because we had asked for him.  None of us usually complain, but tonight had been the worst of the worst.  The manager said "i'm sorry" and took 1 meal and 1 drink off the bill... absolutely rediculous.  The bartender was really nice, took more time appologizing for nothing he had anything to do with and brought us free shots.  He seemed more into getting us back there than the waitress or the miserable manager. I loved the atmosphere and the idea of the place, but the service and lack of food on a friday evening was absolutely rediculous.  I'll never go back there.  There are too many other interesting places in the city to drink at.
Best drinks in NYC.  The bar tenders are truly passionate about the art of creating a great drink.  I love this place!
Unfortunately it feels like the owner has given up on the place. I've been in this place In the past, I didn't mind spending $13 on the drinks because they were well crafted  with great spirits and cordials. My recent experiences I've seen them put store bought ice bags from the Deli (which is a big No to make cocktails) Tropicana Juice (which on the menu is advertised as "fresh")... They were out  of the majority of the cocktails on the menu. I really hope that new management takes over and brings back the focus on making good quality cocktails instead of insulting the knowledge of  it costumers and charging $13 for mediocre quality that sounds good on paper.
This is my favorite place for a cocktail uptown.  They are so nice!  We got there just as they were opening, and had the place to ourselves.   The drinks are well thought out and well executed.  It's a great place to try something new and exciting, or an old standby rethought.   And the food is amazing!  If nothing else get a few little bites.  I mean wow, I could eat here every day!  Chicken and Waffle, stuffed dates, sprouts...all wonderful! Great Music too!  Thanks guys, and good luck!
This restaurant was a great place to take a date, as it is a kind of whole in the wall place. The drinks we ordered were great and my date enjoyed hers as well. For our entrees we enjoyed the lobster and mac and cheese and the shrimp and grits. Both were filling and delicious for the price we paid. The wait staff was very attentive, which made for an overall enjoyable experience.
Living on the UWS and being a big cocktail fan, I was so happy to hear of this place. It  is a little smaller than I suspected, but still so great! Food was good and the cocktails up to par. Staff was very nice and attentive. Definitely will be returning.
Not being a hater, but this spot seems nice for quiet get togethers.  I went to a tasting, RSVP'd in fact, and I wasn't on the list.  I found the crowd to be beyond realistic.  My guest and I felt so uncomfortable we left before the tasting, or DID WE??  We'll never know, because we were not even acknowledged by anyone besides the woman with clipboard at the door.  I hope this isn't going to be an exclusive bourgeois spot.  Rude introduction, small space, what the f**k ever. I hope the bartender and food makes up for mishaps like this.
A great place to have in the neighborhood, and great drinks, too.  I love the ambience when I look at the bar, but kind of hate it when I try to look across the table and its shrouded in shadows.  A good place to go generally, and a great place to go if you don't want to see your date's face too clearly.
Vibe is very sexy and signature drinks are o.k. Extremely overpriced
Upstairs bar. Emancipation Again. Side by Sidecar!
This place is super sexy but they don't always have everything on the menu.  Really nice staff though, which goes a long way, and the cocktails are divine.  Oh, and check out the decor in the bathrooms!
So supposedly there's historical significance with this bar. Don't know if that's the case or a marketing ploy. They have these mixologist type drinks as well that are just okayyy....So the concept is great but it misses the mark in my opinion. The place is super tight. The prices for the drinks don't fit the community. They don't have a happy hour. I'm in no rush to go back.
Hands-down my favorite bar in the neighborhood.  I'll preface this by saying that I have yet to actually order food here, so the five stars goes to the service and drinks. The staff is extremely nice and professional.  Every time I've come here, the doorman has taken down my number and calls/texts when there is a table available.  Once, another party came after I had given the doorman my number, and they totally cursed the dude out after he said he'd have to take their number down (he was even polite and apologetic about it, too).  I have no idea what that was all about.  He doesn't have to do that, but he does.  We've always been served by the same person (Alicia?), and she is friendly and attentive.  The drinks are phenomenal.  I don't understand why people are complaining about the price; the drinks are meticulously curated with excellent ingredients and spirits.  A drink will set you back about $12-15 which is not bad considering the craftsmanship.  I've been to cocktail bars downtown, and cocktails like these are easily $15 and up at those places.  So far I've had a lot of their whiskey cocktails, their jalapeno tequila (delicious with the right amount of heat and kick) and a couple of their pisco cocktails.  What I've had so far has always been excellent.  These aren't the types of cocktails you guzzle down; they're to be savored and appreciated, and with that said, I've never been rushed to finish my drink or order food. The place is somewhat small and dark (but cozy), and can get packed on the weekends, but again, the doorman is very accommodating.    Love this place.
Very cute bar, excellent cocktails, super-friendly bartender.
The food is great, and the service is too. The only thing is that the place is so small that it's difficult to go there by yourself, but if you go there with friends, you can barely dance or hang around the bar. The food is pretty good, but it's uncomfortable to sit at the tables by the bar because they are so close together, and it's claustrophobic to eat downstairs in the basement, which is even smaller. The drinks are good, but a bit pricey. This place is cool for an after dinner drink with a loved one, but not for a real night on the town with the girls.
First, let me preface this by saying, I've been here many times. Each time food was exceptional and the service was ok.   I went again back in late Feb. I didn't have any clue it was Harlem Rest. Week until I arrived. My friend and I order some drinks and appetizers until 2 others friends joined us 20 minutes later. The appetizers took a little bit longer than I expected, but no biggie. Then we all ordered our entrées. Two of us ordered salmon. The other two ordered the seafood mac &cheese.  Our plates slowly came out, 1 every 10 minutes. The last plate (Mac & Cheese) took almost 40 minutes to arrive. It came several minutes after another table's order of mac&cheese although they ordered after us. Once it did arrive, several of the obvious ingredients were missing including bread crumbs. It greatly resembled box mac & cheese and the texture was horrible. When we inquired with the server, she explained the kitchen was behind due to Harlem Week and that they had also run out of bread crumbs.We then asked to have the dish sent back to the kitchen and removed from the bill.  After this request, the owner made his over to apologize. Like the server, he explained the kitchen was behind due to Harlem Week. He offered to have the kitchen make another plate WITH bread crumbs and the other missing ingredients. We were surprised considering the server declared there weren't any more. My friend declined his offer. she was a bit upset her food took so long, and it wasn't what she ordered. She didn't want to have to wait any longer for another dish. Why am I giving 67 two stars today? As aformentioned, I have eaten here many times and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Nonetheless, there are many aspects of a restaurant and its service that will peeve me.  Pet peeve #1: Lying to the customer. This is probably the worst thing a server can do. If you or the kitchen screwed up... own up to it. Please do not tell me one thing, and then I find out the next. If the kitchen has done a horrible job, offer me second plate as compensation. The owner was very quick to offer another plate. I do not blame the owner in this scenrio. I'm just rather disappointed in the service.  Please hire better servers.
My friend and I asked the taxi driver to pull up and the place looked condemned.  We walked up to the unmarked door and my friend opened it to a very cozy, hip bar. (We didn't know it was a speakeasy) Once inside, we miraculously found two seats at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the night. The drinks are fantastic--strong, complex and worth every penny. If you take cocktails seriously, definitely visit. The food is also very good but be prepared to wait.  We were there on a completely packed Saturday night but in all honesty I didn't see anyone else eating.  I have been to several of the best bars in San Francisco and in my opinion,this one is on that level.
The owner got in touch to let us know that the bartender understands that he could've handled the situation better and offered to make it up to us. Giving it an extra star for reaching out and trying to make things right!
Frederick Douglas is blowing up with new additions to the neighborhood, and this is one of my favorites.  It's a small (very small) speakeasy type bar with delicious specialty cocktails you won't find in most bars.  The cocktail menu is literally pages long, which can be overwhelming, but also makes it really fun to try something new each time.  My favorite is called the Emancipation.  This drink was the first time I'd ever tried cilantro in a cocktail, and it made me a believer.  The food is also pretty delicious as well- particularly the mac and cheese.  I took off a star because even though it's small, the service is kind of slow and it's hard to get a seat.  Otherwise, it's a great place to go when you're feeling nostalgic for another era and just want a delicious cocktail.
Great drinks!  The bartender, Asa, was extremely nice and made great drinks.
A place built from an original historic Black Business... It started out as a place you needed to be in "The Know" to know about...Now a LOT more people know about 67 Orange so it has grown into a known Harlem Hot Spot for great drinks and not just any alcoholic beverages-those crafted by the owner himself Karl Franz and made by a GREAT team of mixologists!!! Garrick & Marceo not only mix the drinks they also keep the tunes playing ALL NIGHT LONG until closing time. Since this bar has become more popular you often have to wait for a seat or stand-but it is ALWAYS worth it... I am NOT a bar food girl-but if I am ever going to eat bar food-THIS is THE PLACE!!! Check out their menu-they serve until 2AM Friday's & Saturday's-I love the Shakes and Brussels sprouts YUM!!!
Great neighborhood joint, especially for the drinks. They are works of art. Chicken and red velvet waffles, and the tres leches cake are menu highlights. I've had maybe 75% of their drinks! all fantastic. Ambiance is nice too. Come here with my boyfriend a lot, we love having the downstairs to ourselves. Highly recommend
Probably one of my favorite spots to chill in Harlem. Love the bartenders and watching them make the specialty drinks. Great date spot. Very tiny but that increases the coziness and warmth. Drinks are a bit pricey but totally worth it. Their food is also delicious. The roasted brussel sprouts and the lobster and shrimp mac and cheese are excellent!
This place is tiny . No bar downstairs . The hot wings were over cooked . The music was all over the place . The drinks were okay. The place looks closed with those velvet drapes they put over the doors and windows .
I can dig it. Best if you go late night.
Asa mixed our drinks to perfection.  Extensive but pricey drink menu.
67 Orange is, in my opinion, one of the best lounges in Harlem. The drinks (and the menu) are well thought out and isn't just your run of the mill drinks. The ingredients work amazingly together and the bartenders are always willing to give you a taste of something new. The drink menu itself always has you searching to try something new. The food is great. I urge anyone to try the the Lucy Juicy sliders and the spicy popcorn. They also have red-velvet waffles that is fast becoming a famous delicacy in Harlem. It also has a very relaxed lounge atmosphere with little distractions. The place is designed to have good conversations with new folks and old friends. The bartenders are skilled at their craft and at the same time have great conversations with the patrons. This is a great social atmosphere and a bit of a getaway from the other "noisy" places in Harlem.
Well crafted (and strong) drinks! Great, friendly staff.  Chicken sliders are amazing. Location is a little small.
I'll definitely be coming back to 67 Orange Street in the near future, for both dinner and drinks.   The bartender was affable, engaging and (best of all) inventive.  After perusing their cocktail menu and having a brief conversation with him, we decided to take him up on his offer to mix us some things off-menu.  He picked up points right away for mixing my friend a cocktail featuring tarragon, and I was thrilled when he took a bottle of artichoke liqueur off the shelf for my drink. I got the fried oyster po' boy--savory and tangy with a generous portion of oysters--and have been craving another since.  I wasn't as enthusiastic about the truffle fries as my companion was; there wasn't anything exceptional about their texture or cut, but their seasoning was first-rate.   67 Orange Street is more a really nice neighborhood bar than a destination of its own, but it's certainly made me want to make more friends in the area so that I have more excuses to go.
The place is cozy and ambiance was great. Their drink menu was unique; I really enjoyed the Hemingway and Side Car. The food was amazing! We shared the chicken and red velvet waffles and the lobster mac and cheese. I will definitely be coming here again. I have already recommended the place to a few friends.
Food network was right this bar is truly a gem.....mixologist sure know what their doing in there....small and quaint very intimate setting. Staff makes you feel like you walked into your own bar...the drinks are just great....find your flavor and you will be back...
Do they have food yet?
This place is nice and cozy. We had the mac and cheese, and boy I have to tell you it was DELICIOUS! It had bits of lobster in it. I am definitely going back. The drinks are exotic, and were very good and strong. Also, the service is above average and the staff are warm and friendly. Definitely a place to check out in Harlem.
The best bar in Harlem!!  We were visiting from Chicago and had the greatest time!! The bartender Garrett gets two thumbs up!! He made our night fantastic with great drinks and an awesome play list!! The dark entrance takes you another place in time.... We drank, we sang, we ate, we had FUN!! I will visit this place every time I come back to Harlem!!
Came here once. Definitely overpriced for the area.  Would like to go back if the price range came down a bit.  Definitely too small.  The food was good but small bites at a regular bite price! Ouch! $4 for popcorn? Really?
Great drinks menu and Marcio's execution is flawless and super friendly! Thanks for the great time!!
For me, 67 Orange is a perfect bar. The cocktails are better than any I have had in New York, and there is none of the pretension and faux-mystique that surrounds other speakeasy type settings. The bartenders are all super friendly, smart, well-dressed guys who create a vibe that can be chill and intimate or a little rowdy depending on what the crowd seems to be in to that evening. The music is always great, the drinks are always exciting and delicious, and their prices are definitely reasonable for the quality that you're getting. I recommend chatting with the bartenders about what you like, because they are all well versed in mixology far beyond their menu of drinks. Its not a great place to take a big group, but for a date or drinks with 2 or 3 friends, 67 Orange is the place to go. Worth a trip to Harlem.
This place is small and cozy, perfect for a date. The drinks are strong and delicious, so it's worth the price. My favorite part was the food. We ordered Mac & Cheese along with lamb, sweet plantain, and skirt steak- we were pretty hungry lol. Everything was sooo flavorful! I love the food here and will definitely come again, especially for my favorite- mac & cheese. Who is this grand chef again????? Would like to meet him.
Every single drink here was AMAZING!! Ask for Marcio, he is seriously the best bartender ever!!
If you are tired as I am of the pretentious downtown attitude-riddled, bottle-service only, hipster faux speakeasies like The Beatrice Inn and Chloe 81 where you get judged at the door as being worthy or not worthy of entrance, take a trip uptown to Harlem where owner Karl Franz Williams (also proprietor of Society Café) says his latest hideaway venture, 67 Orange Street, is inspired by Almack's Dance Hall, which was at that address in the 1840s when it was one of the first black-owned bars in the city. Appropriately, Williams has enlisted a trailblazing, innovative black female mixologist, Kali Irwin (Le Poisson Rouge), to come up with $13 classic and groundbreaking libations incorporating ingredients like a cynar artichoke aperitif, rhubarb syrup, and of course that purportedly trendy spirit, pisco (it should be noted: Irwin is not above busting out the banana liqueur and whipped cream). One of my favorites is the unique libation known as the hibiscus dessert cocktail; a sweet slice of heaven with an edible hibiscus flower at the bottom of the flute shaped glass. Hugh, the amiable doorman is one of the nicest guys in his profession. Beyond said doorman is a dimly lit room featuring church-esque stone flooring and exposed brickfaced walls, rustic wood trimmings, and iron hand rails. The music is a mix of modern R&B and hypnotic drum 'n bass. There are also tasty small plates priced at under $11, a raw bar, and a private, snuggly dining room/lounge downstairs.
First off, I would like to say that I am glad there are more places like this coming into the neighborhood (i.e. Nectar and Svtn Below).  That said, 67 Orange Street will not last with the terrible service and experience I experienced during my visit.   The Good: The cocktails were very good and comparable to any mixology / speakeasy themed bar in the City, however so were the prices! The food menu was interesting, however I could not comment since we ate beforehand and did not sample any of the food. The fruit and ingredients used in the cocktails were very fresh and the drink was served at the appropriate temperature. The music was good and the setup / design of the bar and space was nice from a design perspective. The Bad: My wife and I were not happy with the service or professionalism of the staff. The bartender was prompt and courteous, however at the same time he seemed more interested in mixing and experimenting with drinks and the other couple at the other end of the bar.  We watched as the bartender swatted flies in the bar area, prepped but then ate the fruit for the sangria he was making for "Sangria Thursday" which would not be ready for a few more hours as it had to soak some more (keep in mind it was about 6:55PM when we arrived).  Finally, the bartender proceeded to lint roll himself behind the bar, could this not be done in the bathroom?  But it doesn't end there, what I was more surprised at was the cook and the waitress. The cook kept coming in and out of the bar (keep in mind there was only my wife and I and another couple for the hour or so we were there, so this was quite obvious) to get his dinner and later a smoothie.  This was slightly annoying but what I was really shocked at was he then proceeded to go behind the bar and pour himself a nice and heavy shot of rum into the smoothie, again just utter lack of professionalism.  Maybe the owners approve of this behavior, however I have never seen a cook go behind the bar and pour top shelf liquor into his own glass at other bars in the City.  Meanwhile he proceeded to casually talk and basically hang out with the waitress and bar tender at the other end of the bar.   To top it all off, after about an hour of trying to enjoy our drinks, we proceed to pay. I understand prices need to be at a level to maintain the business, at the same time I was expecting a happy hour price at 6:55PM and not $13, per reading the response on the Yelp reviews. That said, the bartender said it was $26 for two drinks at which point I was in no mood to fight over and I genuinely want to see more of these establishments in the neighborhood so I was happy to help out and pay the steep price to keep a nicer bar in the neighborhood rather than the corner liquor shop or bodega (keep in mind I live at 110th Street and CPW).  I proceed to pay with cash (two $20 bills), however the bartender says he only has $6 in the register and asks if I can pay with a credit card instead, again annoying but I guess tolerable.   I would also like to state that we thought the bar tops were quite sticky and had not been wiped in a while as we could see the ring marks from multiple glasses on the bar top.  Finally, while I understand they need to keep costs in line, the steel stools are not comfortable bar chairs at all. Needless to say, while we would like to see this place succeed and would like to give it the benefit of a doubt, however we will be taking our business to other establishments.
I like this place when it isnt packed.  Well mixed cocktails, not your ordinary bar food menu. Try the brussel sprouts.  The music could be a little more consistent, rather than someone just playing a random ipod playlist.  For a venue with an attempt to create character...why stop at the music?  I like that they finally added a happy hour. Good move.
Arrived around 10:30 on a Sat. night, we were  graciously shown to 2 seats at the bar (even wiped the stools before seating us). We live nearby and hadn't stayed in the past because of  lack of seats. This review is completely based on the lazy, unimaginative bartender that night. First cocktail ordered off their list contained raspberries. I was told no, can't make that raspberries are out of season. 2nd drink ordered off their menu contained grapes. No, can't make that grapes are out of season. I offered to run home and get some out of my refrigerator. Settled for a another off their menu. A professional would have created a cocktail for me. A semi-professional might have said, I forgot to order the fruit for a Sat. night. This guy decided to lie to me, as if I'll believe his story when this fruit is selling in every market, even the green cart on the corner of 116th St. has both of these fruits. I might stop in here again if I saw a different bartender behind the bar. The 2 other employees there were very friendly.
elote popcorn. fancy drinks. and waitstaff that are theatrical and beautiful. yup, this place will dent your wallet a bit, but always delivers. They need to spruce up the seating downstairs though, the bench seats are suuuuper saggy and uncomfortable. If my friends and I get stuck downstairs we draw straws for who doesnt have to sit on them! the stools are the only safe seats downstairs.
Overall, the cocktails are very good here. They have pretty high end liquors, hence the higher price point than other restaurants/bars in the neighborhood. I was not impressed when Karl, the owner made a cocktail for me. One of his bartenders was much better at making cocktails.
I read some negative reviews about this place, but still wanted to check it out for myself. We went there on a Monday night around 8p and the place was packed, but "packed" for this place means around 15 people because the place is tiny, but still doesn't feel crowded. I started off with a "Brazilian Jig" which features muddled ginger and some other liquid deliciousness. I chose this drink because ginger helps me get over the fact that I've been consuming mass quantities (read: hangover) on a Monday, much quicker than other drinks. The drink was delicious, atmosphere cozy, the owner and bartender were very personable and other patrons were cool. Haven't tried the food yet, but it smelled yummy. The drinks are pretty much set at "downtown price" $13, but it saved me from actually having to go go downtown, which is worth the price in spades. This is a fantastic neighborhood bar with "sexy" appeal and I hope it stays around for the long haul.
This is a great place to get a cocktail. My favorite is the old fashion, which comes with an unusually enormous ice cube. The only downside is that it is small and a bit pricey, but the size can be nice as it is easier to strike up a conversation with the person next to you, and as for the price, well you have to pay for a quality drink. 67 Orange definitely serves the best cocktails in Harlem and is one of the best places to get a cocktail in Manhattan.
Nice place. Not run-of-the mill.  Cool vibe. Small. Expensive. You'd expect that for a $13 cocktail, they could refrain from measuring their pours.
$21 for a cocktail!!?? Well, the $13 cocktail was fine, the bartender amiable, the conversation swell, but the $4 for a (short) seltzer water (with a few dashes of bitters) was NOT fine. And i had 2 of them. WTF 67 Orange!? You dont charge for water, you shouldnt charge for water with bubbles. regardless of the number of dashes of bitters included.
Owner Karl Franz Williams is a fiercely creative mixologist, in my view among Manhattan's best and most interesting. His Harlem speakeasy is one of the best cocktail bars north of Little Branch. But it is more than that. There are cocktails on the menu that will appeal greatly to the casual drinker (everybody loves the Emancipation Again, and his sidecar was described by my expert sidecar-drinking friend as "the best he has ever had"). But Williams tends towards complex and difficult cocktails that challenge and intrigue. Not all of them are going to work with everyone, as some of his cocktails can be austere or demanding. But all of them will make you think - and it's clear that a ton of reflection has gone into these drinks. Williams pushes creative limits, regularly adding new cocktails. For example, his Manhattan After Dark employs cigar smoke infused bourbon, via a method he figured out himself. The cocktail appeared on his menu at least a month if not longer before the NY Times article about smoke infused whiskeys. He mixes with lots of liquors I would have  thought difficult to use (e.g. Zubrowka, the bison grass polish vodka), and does an exemplary job (he also mixes a lot of different liquors in one cocktail, and if you mix yourself, it's fascinating). If you don't mind a bit of sweetness, the Long Pink Cadillac is one of the most outrageously delicious cocktails I have ever experienced. The Yacht Club is a meditative rumination on how quite different liquors can communicate. But because his repertoire is ever-expanding, it's impossible to come close to a summary here. The two regular mixologists here are first-rate, and (like Death and Co., Little Branch, etc.) are first-rate at on the spot improvisation. Furthermore, you would be wrong only to have a cocktail here. 67 Orange is been among the very best restaurants in Harlem for awhile (maybe the best, hard to tell). Their previous Chef, Jamell, was a great match for Williams's complex cocktails, serving food that was at once hearty and satisfying, but also challenging - including food that was impossible to obtain anywhere else in the neighborhood (e.g. he could do amazing comfort food, but also had dishes on the menu that were the product of his molecular gastronomy lab, e.g. his crazy olives). He has since moved on, but Williams's ability to spot great talent remains. The new chefs are quite different, but also absolutely first-rate. Their oyster mushroom truffle mac and cheese is incredibly good - light and fluffy (and vegetarian). The to-die-for Harlem Shakes have left with Chef Jamell, but they have been replaced by Parmesan flaked potatoes that are sinfully good. The ambiance is wonderful, comparable to Little Branch's underground location, but without the corporate crowd, and it is significantly superior to the dull interiors of Death and Co, Summit, and PDT. The food is consistently more creative than e.g. Death and Co. (certainly true when Chef Jamell was here), and often it is sublime. Though the new chef has just been there just a few weeks, I'm inclined to remain with this assessment. There is always terrific music playing, a perfect match for a Harlem Speakeasy. The place gets seriously fun late at night. Where it absolutely crushes the places downtown are with its patrons, its ambiance, and its diversity. At its best, the crowd, like at Red Rooster, is New York as it exists in the imagination, rather than the lily-white, button down shirt banker crowds that pack the establishments downtown. If you peruse the comments, you will see people comparing 67 Orange to the best places in downtown Manhattan. But this is misleading. I drag serious foodies from downtown and Brooklyn all the time to 67 Orange, and they concur with my view that, when 67 Orange is at its best, the combination of cocktails, food, music, and ambiance makes it like no other place on the island of Manhattan. It's a reason, in and of itself, to visit Harlem. Williams's take-no-prisoners attitude towards amazingly creative drinks and and food has given Harlem a truly unique establishment. Probably it would be difficult to be this creative downtown without amazing amounts of cash, and in any case if this place were downtown you would need to be J-Lo to get in. This is not to say there isn't room for improvement. An ice program, like at the best downtown cocktail establishments, is an obvious next move. Sometimes crucial ingredients are missing. There could be improvement with some of the Manhattan variations, to match the first-class Manhattan after Dark. I'd like a creative Bloody Mary on the menu, and a great mojito. But in general, this place is a treasure. With Red Rooster, and a few more establishments with this kind of creative intensity towards drink, food, and ambiance, there will be less and less reason to cross 110th street (heading south).
I was totally blown away by this place.  The chef, Jarnell cooked up the best Tilapa (pan seared) with mango and other great, favorable stuff I honestly don't half remember but I do know this, it was off the chain fabulous.  My mouth was so happy and the Emancipation cocktail is not to be believed, very refreshing and different with a wonderful cucumber essense, loved it! Marias (sp?) has got to be one of the most gracious bartenders I've ever had the pleasure to meet her style is very welcoming and as the first face you see that's a huge plus.  Last but far from least, the owner, Karl is passionate and committed to his vision to create the very best "Kick-Back, experience you can imagine I.e. Great food, intoxicating  atmosphere, welcoming staff....... It almost felt like a private party... Bravo!
great atmosphere...happy to sit here for 2+ hours. between my boyfriend and me, we tried 4 drinks--all were delicious. we also ordered the onion petals and spicy popcorn and both were awesome. bartender was super helpful and let us taste a liqueur that we were wondering about as well. highly recommended and worth the prices. we'll be back.
67 Orange is one of my absolute favorite bars in the City. I love the atmosphere and the drinks are all delicious - even drinks made with ingredients that I don't usually like are turned into fabulous, creative concoctions. I always enjoy the spicy pop or other popcorn variety they have available as well. Drinks are definitely pricey so, on a limited budget, I usually opt for just one drink, but that drink is well worth it!
Great neighborhood spot with a warm vibe and gooood cocktails. It is very cozy though, so don't bring the football team with you if you know what I mean. If you are looking for good place to chill with a few friends or a date, it's one of the best spots in West Harlem.
came here for a few drinks. never been here before. it was really nice. very small. music was good. bartender was great. made great strong drinks that did not hit you until a while later. dark vibe inside. very sexy. after a few drinks and the music and the vibe here, you may try and get it in with whomever you came with. lol.
