Location/Ambiance: Unimpressive, Broome St - Chinatown basement restaurant feel - but inside a Ramada hotel. But, don't let the decor deter you from trying this place out. Food: I've always heard that if you see Asians eat at an Asian restaurant that the place has got to be good - and sure enough, this place definitely is a good. I thought that the food was pretty authentic and true to the ingredients. The Dim Sum serving at lunch is definitely the way to go - but selection could be pretty slim if you go on off-hours.
It's my 3rd time going here so I think its time to give a review. Place is great, good for groups.. Lunchtime they have Dimsum (Taste pretty good) The problem ? VERY Pricey for Dimsum.. Menu is great. We love the fried flounder, and clams in black bean sauce. Why did I give this 3 stars ? 1. It takes a while to get seated even there's plenty of seats. In short you don't greeted immediately, they will look at you a few times before attending 2. Prices... Also regarding prices, at the end of the meal you get a check written in chinese.. How would a non-chinese read that ? Asking for explanation about the check is not good. Not a good explanation at all.. so suggestion for customers ? Keep tabs on what you order
dim sum was okay but it was very pricey. with tip the bill came out to $46 between 2 people. normally i go to dim sum and the bill is around $100 for 3 families of 4 so 12 people in total. i would expect dim sum for 2 people to be about $20-$25 dollars with tip. this will not be a place a visit again unless the menu/prices change.
I think the food was good but the services were bad.   Their dim sum dishes are on the expensive side but some of them are pretty good.   Some of the dim-sum servers were very aggressive selling the dishes in their cart or serving plates - may be they are paid a commission on selling more dishes?   Beware that they won't seat you until you have all the people there.  We actually had a reservation for 15 people and they made us waited outside of the restaurant until everyone got there.  Not sure why because the table was setup and was empty when we waited.
This place was great! The staff was friendly and on point. Everything came out to our table in a timely fashion. The peking duck was delicious, the seafood shumai was perfectly flavoured, and the fried rice was well balanced with not too much salt or soy sauce. Yummy! Can't wait to go again!
The food here was awesome! I ate until I was content and then ate some more.  I had such a nice time and the service staff was really accommodating and funny at times.  This place was really packed when I came and everyone seemed to enjoy the food.
Awesome food, clean area, attentive service, great peaceful experience. The food was diverse and light and the smoothies were the best I've ever had. Highly recommend.
Very good food. I've eaten dim sum in some of the better places in Houston, TX and San Francisco, CA and this is definitely on par with some of the better places. Decent service too. You won't be disappointed.
I've been coming here for ages and since then I was rather we were always satisfied. The real Chinese food in Westchester. As you get it the restaurant you'll find the staff with a smile in their faces. This place Is always crowded with diverse customers sharing same taste and enjoying Asians best food. I love their pecking duck and dim sum, I don't drive to Chinatown anymore just to go to pecking duck by Mott st. because you can find it here with a very reasonable price. You get best service, best taste, satisfying entrees that suites your palate. You'll enjoy dining here great for a huge crowd, your families and friends.
My expectations were low when we first were invited to a restaurant inside a Ramada. But by the time we left I was very pleasantly surprised. Been back a few times and can only speak to dim sum, but the food is excellent. Big variety of dumplings, roast duck, clams in black bean sauce, Chinese broccoli - all good choices. Come here for the food: the atmosphere is just okay, it can get noisy, and is kid-friendly.  But for authentic Chinese food, this is the place to try in Westchester.
I took my dad here because he loves Chinese food. We both thought the food was very good. We shared the dim sum appetizer, the szechuan shrimp and the roast pork with veggies. Everything was yummy and fresh tasting. The servers were pleasant but the decor is a little lacking. Definitely the best Chinese food I've had in white plains. I would definitely go back!
Updating my review from 2010. Since then I have ranged far and wide for dim sum - Hong Kong, San Gabriel Valley, LA Chinatown, Flushing and Sunset Park. This remains the go-to spot in Westchester for weekend dim sum and I return to Aberdeen frequently. I think it is easily on par with the Manhattan Chinatown spots and the only NYC area places that I would put above it are much larger - Asian Jewels in Flushing, Bamboo Garden in Sunset Park. If you know Pacificana, I would say it is roughly on the same level, but I only have only been there once. During the week the dim sum selection is much more limited, but they will make items that are not in the cart to order if they can. Weekday favorites of mine- chive dumplings, tofu skin, fried taro balls, shrimp shao mai. On a recent Sunday trip the standard bearers were the curry beef puffs, scallop dumpling and the roast duck, along with more prosaic items like beef rice noodle rolls. Congee was available if you're into that. If I were going at night for dinner, I would check on the Dungeness crab situation - their Dungeness Crab with e-fu noodles is the best dinner dish, but there was only one crab in the tank this Sunday. On this last visit, a neighboring table of Chinese people were feasting on a great-looking large dish of pan fried noodles with beef, which I will try next time.
Aberdeen is a fun place to have lunch on the weekends, because eating dim sum is a real neat experience.  It is off the lobby of the Residence Inn in White Plains.  Off the beaten path a bit, but I have to think they make up for that with people from the hotel.  So how is their F.S.A.?  (Food, Service, Atmosphere) Food: We come here for the dim sum.  What is great about it is there is so much variety to choose from.  We chose a selection of shrimp dumplings, pork buns, beef meatballs, and in the past have also tried other shrimp & pork dishes as well.  They didn't have bean curd it seemed, which is a nice change of pace.  They have some fun custard & coconut desserts too.  It is all nice & hot for you, and pretty good too.  Tea is complimentary. Service: Water gets filled frequently, and the servers are constantly hitting you up with the latest dim sum to roll out of the kitchen.  Communication can be a bit challenging as the servers accents are thick, and they want an answer pretty quick.  Just a little more patience would be great, but they are definitely trying their best to fill your belly. Atmosphere: White table cloths, white walls, and that is about it.  It is bigger than you think as there are many tables towards the back.  Aberdeen is family friendly too, as I think this kind of food caters well for kids.
There are two easy ways to judge a Chinese restaurant: Are there Asians eating there? Does the staff seem brusque? Whenever the answer to both is yes, then it's a good Chinese place.   Brusque is good.  If you're expecting American style ass-kissing and over-politeness from your waiter, you're not going to find it here because that's just not how the Chinese do restaurants.  Good service means getting your order correctly, serving your food quickly, and hovering nearby to anticipate your needs so that you needn't ask for anything -- all without saying much or making any eye contact.  Don't be surprised if a waiter reaches over you to change your plate or heap food onto your plate.  That's hows it's done.  If this restuarant weren't inside of a hotel in White Plains, you'd think you were on Mott Street in Chinatown or Main Street in Flushing. The food is more authentic than any other place you can find outside of the city.  You can tell that they've "Americanized" some dishes to cater to the locals, but the rest of it is spot on.  Avoid anything with thick, sweet and sour type sauces or heavy breading and you'll get real Chinese food.  And don't be afraid to experiment -- you won't be disappointed. Best dish: steamed flounder.
I was raised on Chinese food, and find Aberdeen to be one of the more authentic Chinese restaurants outside of NY city! The  dim sum is excellent -- great variety. As I work in White Plains, I was delighted by this discovery. I think that even my mother would be impressed!
I've been back several times for dim sum so thought I should update Review. I've been consistently pleased with everything they make. Service is speedy and they will bring you whatever you ask for. Several times what we want wasn't on the cart but we just ask and it comes out right away. My only complaint is soup dumplings during dim sum hours are often stuck together - pulling them apart leaks the juice out. My favorite items: Soup dumplings Pork shumai (topped with some sort of roe so watch out for allergies) Sticky rice in lotus leaves Pork buns (steamed and baked) Loose pork pie Beef crepe (looks scary but oh so good!) Custard buns (like a delicate Boston creme donut without the chocolate) Spring rolls Sesame balls Beef meatballs I don't care for fish/seafood but my company always seems to enjoy these items.
The family has eaten there many times and always satisfied with the food and service.  I have Aberdeen on speed dial. When we want Chinese I'll call Aberdeen to place a pickup order as soon as I  cross over Tappen Zee bridge. By the time I arrive in White Plains the order is usually coming out of the kitchen. Have ordered none menu items such as shredded pork and scallions or have chef make 'special' dish and was never refused. And yes, the dim sum is great probably best in Westchester.
The shrimp dim sum was pretty good. pretty good food going on esp. the dimsum The rest of my order not so good. I tried the shredded beef, it was too salty -had a second person try it and they agreed. I also got the bubble tea, it sadly was a badly made! The almond powder mix and the tapioca (after further inspection due to the horrible, fishy taste..I saw that the tapioca was not smooth plump and round. These werent made or stored correct. Pehaps it was sitting in a container. The tapioca pearls tasted fishy/and I'm a person who makes it at home.  It caused me regret for buying it there, and not getting it at my usual place in Hartsdale. Lesson learned. Will I go back? thats up in the air.
Excellent dim sum, quite lovely service, very pleasant experience overall.   Came here with my family (5 people, ideal for lots of little dishes).  I am obviously not a true expert in this cuisine, just a tremendous fan.  My previous experiences have been in Chinatown in both NYC and San Fran with far more knowledgeable connoisseurs.   Major pluses: the dumplings!  We had both pork and shrimp shumai, which were really awesome.  Some of the baked buns with pork and others with custard were very tasty, too.  However, the chai siu bao were not as delicious as I had hoped (that is one of my favorites).  The chive buns, taro dumplings, beef crepes, fried sesame balls were all really well done.  Not sure who said the food was cold or greasy- it is heavy at times (the fried dishes) but I did not think it was too much.   Everything we had was incredibly fresh- the buns especially were still toasty right from the oven. The variety, too, was good.  There were far more dishes we would have liked to try but we were too stuffed to order more.   The staff was incredibly attentive, too.  Our water glasses were never empty, the teapot refilled promptly and someone was always checking if we wanted anything different.  A really great experience overall and surprising given the location (in a hotel in Westchester, not a nice little hole in the wall on Mott Street).   Will most definitely be back!
Stopped here on a cold day and had some hot and sour soup, basil chicken and jasmine tea. The food was good; great flavor in their dishes. The texture of the chicken was a little different than what I would expect.. It was very thinly sliced and slippery almost more like seafood but still tasty. I'd be curious to try the dim sum another time.
My review is for dim sum, only. Aberdeen has been on my list of places to try for a long time.  Many people have recommended Aberdeen to me for fairly authentic Cantonese food.  This was my mom's restaurant of choice for her birthday.  We went for dim sum, of which I have vague memories having to do with Chinatown, little fried chicken feet, and my sister hysterically crying.   At about 12:30, there was a 10-15 minute wait.  Aberdeen is located in a hotel in White Plains.  It is bright and cute, and many families with young children were enjoying meals here.  As far as authenticity, non-Asian customers are definitely in the minority, which I take as a good indicator.  The carts began rolling by, and the food began flying onto our table.  Proper Chinese names elude me, but I'll describe some of our favorites: roasted pork buns, chicken dumplings, delicate shrimp dumpings, shrimp puffs, a fat noodle dish with veggies, cigarette shaped fried shrimp rolls, sesame encrusted balls with red bean paste in the middle, sliced duck, egg custard tarts in flaky pastry, yellow custard filled doughy puffs, and more.   Everything tasted like a superior, more flavorful, less Americanized (i.e., everything is not deep fried!) version of many Chinese dishes I've had before.  As my mom noted, if you don't like something, it's just a matter of personal taste-- everything is high quality.  The dim sum choices (over 50) are from $2.50-$7.50 according to the menu, and the cart rollers don't write prices, only slashes on your receipt; I guess part of the excitement is not knowing how much your bill will be.  My dad paid but I estimate it was under $85 for the 4 of us, which is not too bad considering how much we ate and how many varieties of dim sum we sampled.  I will be back, often!
My wife and I drove out to White Plains to eat at Aberdeens after reading a recent article in the New York Times. We had just finished our dim sum when... there, on the wall, right beside our table, crawling contentedly along and sniffing the remnants of our dim sum, was a big brown godawful COCKROACH. I kid you not. We informed a waitress, and then the management. The response was, shall we say, muted--$6 knocked off a $36 bill. Yes, we shouldn't have payed at all. Blame it on age and a lack of desire to waste energy on the small stuff. So... if you like the company of filthy small brown scurrying insects when you eat, eat at Aberdeens. But when you see your little brown dinner friend, do me a favour and do what I should have done-- jump on top of your table, scream, and shout out in a very loud voice: "COOOOOCKKKKKROOOOOOAAAAACHHHH!!!!!!!!!" Then, do what we should have done--drive to Tarrytown and eat at a place called Sweetgrass. It is a fabulous place, not too pricey; they always have a good craft beer on tap, and the owners/management are absolutely  charming. Try the House Club with sweet potatoe fries. Yum
Great dim sum.  The staff push the dim sum around in carts just like chinatown.  Dim sum selection tasty, hot and fresh all the time.  I have been coming here for the last four years and they have been consistent with the food.  It's always good.  They have you in and out of there by your lunch hour.  They have lunch specials you can choose from too.  It comes with your choice of soup.  They have a house daily soup that isn't on the menu.  It's for the patrons who want real authentic chinese soup.  Today I had the sezchuan spicy tofu with minced meat lunch special.  Delicious.  I love the hot preserved vegetable they add to it.  Every chinese place makes this dish different.  This place makes it the best.  My friend had the old standard chicken with broccoli.  She said is was really good.  She also thought the hot and sour soup that came with her meal was excellent. This place is as close as you can get to chinatown in Westchester.  The staff is terrific and very friendly.  If you become a regular there, they will even hook you up with not charging you tax for your meal.......shhhh, don't tell anyone!
It's alright, not demonstrably different from any other take out place i normally frequent back home but pretty good.  (All we did was take out so no real dim sum experience was had.)  The seafood and meat all seemed to be of pretty high quality, with one big exception...the sand veins remained in the shrimp. I can stomach it, but the knowledge that I am essentially eating shrimp excrement kinda puts a damper on the dining experience.   All in all I wouldn't avoid it, but I'd pretty much only do carry out.  the dining area didn't strike me as particularly inviting.
Well, I've never been to Hong Kong...... BUT, I've been to Dim Sum parlors all over North America (NYC, Boston, Phiily, Toronto, Montreal, Chicago, Vancouver, etc) and I honestly rate this as among the very BEST!  Better even than Lah Wah Heen in Toronto (which is 5 star, white glove pretentious).  Yes, there are some language barriers.  And true, it has a pretty standard menu.  But the various dumplings are excellent and a great value.   And, yes, Lex: With all due respect, I do think it's a bit unrealistic to go here when you have a soy/wheat allergy.  Do people who are lactose-intolerant go to Baskin-Robbins?  Do those who eat kosher/orthodox go to lobster shanties or restaurants specializing in pulled pork?  But nothing personal - good luck with your nuptials.
We were staying in the adjoining building, a Residence Inn by Marriott, and didn't feel like wandering far.  I hesitate to enter any restaurant attached to the hotel, but decided to trust fellow Yelpers and give Aberdeen a try.  What a treat!   It was late afternoon, and there were only a few other diners.  The waiter came over with his cart and let us know what he had ready.  I have always had dim sum with Chinese friends and others in the know to do the ordering, so I never remember the name of any of the dishes.  We were in luck, as the waiter was great at giving a brief explanation.   We plowed through a multitude of steamed, savory dumplings: har gao, shumai, lo mai gai (sticky rice in bamboo leaves), taro cakes, and on and on and on.  All this was supplemented by countless cups of hot tea.  Everything was delicious, albeit a little pricey.  I'd be back in a heartbeat, though, if I lived in the area.
Outside of NYC, it's almost impossible to find traditional, banquet style Chinese food.  Aberdeen tries it's hardest and is some of the best in the Westchester area. I've been to Aberdeen for weekend Dim Sum and the restaurant is usually crowded with local Chinese folks.  A few nights ago I attended my first banquet style dinner here. I don't know about you, but banquet style dinners are a great love and a great pain.  Literally.  Afterwards, I'm always in pain.  It's dish after dish after dish of simple and delicious suckling pig with scallion and buns to abalone and duck tongues.   Some highlights were: Steamed bass with ginger and scallion (My favorite - always love the fish course) Salted baked chicken The suckling pig - of course! The noodle lo mein course Shark fin soup - I'm pretty sure it was imitation but still tasty Lobster tails in sauce Some downers were: Fried rice - flat and plain Anything fried like the fried eggplant, spring roll and dumplings in the opening course - way too oily The scallops - freezer burn The dessert course - a sticky rice version of Christmas fruit cake with candied fruit - weird!  And dry.  Never seen it though I've attended dozens of banquets.  Though a cousin of mine was in love with it. They get 4 stars for variety though some of the dishes fell a little short.  If this were a city restaurant I'd only give them 3.
Aberdeen was pretty good.  I was a little wary that it was in the bottom of the White Plains Marriott, but it ended up being very satisfying.   My boyfriend and I love going out on the weekends for Dim Sum and since our move into the area (about three months ago) we hadn't found anywhere close to us that serves Dim Sum.   Aberdeen is definitely somewhere that we will go again, but not as often as we would like since the prices were a little on the expensive side then what we are used to paying for Dim Sum...good shui mia and very good beef ho fun, which is all that really matters, right? Also, the place wasn't very crowded for 1:00pm on Sunday, prime Dim Sum time, weird but nice because we were seated right away.
Ahh, Cantonese family style restaurant attached to the Residence Inn Hotel???  I'm used to popular chains or steakhouse attached to my Hotel, but authentic Chinese has to be the first.  My usual instinct is to steer away, but I had to try it.  This is a typical authentic Chinese-family restaurant setting, colorful decoration and water tanks filled with live lobsters, dungeon crabs, and fish(es).  My initial reaction was, I'm in the right place for a nice home cooked meal. The chef recommended the House Style Fish.  It was a stir fried grouper filets dish, on a bed of long beans and fresh garlics.  The fish was smothered with fermented black beans and pork, a true authentic delicacy.  I'm hearing good things about their dim sum, so I'll have to try that out next time.
Bad with food allergies.  Bad, bad, bad. We went here for dim sum.  I am allergic to soy and wheat.  Maybe you think I'm crazy for trying to have dim sum with a soy allergy, but at most Chinese restaurants, as long as someone speaks English, it works. Various carts came around, bearing nothing I could eat, but plenty for the rest of the group.  About halfway through the others' meals, I ate as much white rice as I could get, so that at least I'd have something.  About 3/4 of the way through the meal, some shrimp wrapped in rice paper finally showed up, but it was VERY difficult for them to understand that I did not want them to pour soy sauce on it. And that was my meal.  I am used to running into situations like this, but the group I was with felt really bad about my predicament, and I felt bad that they felt bad. Next time I go for dim sum at any restaurant, I'll call ahead, just to make sure there's something I can eat that I can get before I've completely filled up on plain rice because I'm so hungry.
The Dim Sum was pretty close to authentic, especially being in the Westchester area. I'd say that the food was terific and the service was great as well. I can't say much for the decor in the restaurant, but when you go for Dim Sum, that's the last thing you're thinking about! I would definitely go back for more! Oh, one thing I forgot to mention was that it's much pricier than eating dim sum in Flushing, but you have to remember that you're in Westchester!
I can't believe I never wrote a review for Aberdeen, my family and I have been here numerous times. There really isn't anything bad I can say about the place. First off,  the service was great, all the workers were very attentive. Plus, the mellow yet non-suffocating atmosphere was always nice. As for the food, it has always been topnotch. We would usually get shrimp shumai for appetizers. For the main course, we'd order whatever we were in the mood for, but we almost always get the seafood pan fried noodle. I love it, love it, love it. Also a simple dish, but awesome nonetheless was the garlic spinach and of course, the salt and pepper porkchops. When me and my sister are really hungry, we also get bubble tea! So good!
When a friend told me that we could get authentic Chinese food in White Plains, I was incredulous--- but it does really exist.  We took my dad here for Father's day because he loves Chinese food (has eaten it everywhere he has gone which ironically does not include China).   Not only does Aberdeen do the basics really well- the wonton soup was really flavourful-- but the other dishes were memorable, too.  The Peking Duck took at least 30 minutes but was worth the wait.  When we asked what crab dish would be good, we were recommended the off-menu crab with sticky rice.  I am not a real shellfish fan but this was great!  It turned out to be a bit of a splurge at $60 (3lb crab @$20/lb) but crabs will be cheaper in the coming months.  We also had a very tasty beef with mushrooms and bamboo (first time I have had bamboo outside of China). They also have reasonable banquet menus.
This place was absolutely delicious.  If you are from the city and in the area, or just live close by it's worth the trip.  I suggest skipping all the mayhem in the various Chinatowns, and coming here.  Plenty of street parking, very friendly attentive service, and the food is fresh and delicious.  It's the perfect sized dining room, and you aren't rushed out of there. We had our favorites of sticky rice, sesame balls, tripe, black bean spare rib tips, shrimp in rice noodles, and scallion patties.  Yum!
Was there for dim sum on Saturday morning.  Got there when they had just opened so the place was pretty much empty.  The entrance was inside the Residence Inn and the door to restaurant seemed out of place as I wasn't quite sure if I was in the right place.  The restaurant is nice and clean and a decent size room.  Staff was attentive and cordial. The dim sum itself was excellent.  There's a menu with pictures of what they offer plus noodles and fried rice.  However they do have carts that come around.  They offer pretty much your dim sum standards.  I didn't really notice any unique items.  Everything I had was good. All in all I had a good experience.  That staff was friendly and helpful.  Prices are a bit on the high side compared to Flushing and Chinatown but to be expected.  It is more convenient for me to drive into White Plains then into Flushing or Manhattan (a good 30/45 minutes closer without traffic and no tolls).  I was able easily to find parking on the street but it was early Saturday.  All in all if I ever get the hankering for dim sum I wouldn't hesitate to head to Aberdeen again.
When my neighbor recommended Aberdeen, I was a bit skeptical thinking there were any decent cantonese restaurants in White Plains. To my surprise, the food was very good. The only one complaint I have is their decor. The purple ambience was very tacky and a bit cheap. I would recommend this place for anyone that wants some good authentic Cantonese food.
First time in White Plains, NY and this was the first place I stopped for dinner. Food was good, service was fine and the place was a bit outdated. Honestly nothing really jumped out as a place I must go again. On the other hand if I lived near by I might frequent it because it's not totally terrible.
Authentic dim sum in Westchester? say whatttt? and its in a hotel? wha-what? Honestly, you can pass this place by without even giving it a 2nd glance. The door is metallic and uninviting, however when you open it up you walk into a small chinese restaurant that is hiding a hidden gem of yummy goodness. My friend is a dim sum connoisseur, so when he wanted me to check this place out, i didn't think twice. The place is small, so even if you have 2 ppl, you still have to wait a bit. Unlike your typical dim sum place, this place also doesn't do sharing of tables. Everyone gets their own small table spot. The place gets a good amount of regular customers. The waiters/waitresses remembered my friend and were asking about his dad since they usually eat here together. Since we were only 2 ppl, we didn't eat much. We got an order of har gow or shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, pork ribs, and the rice crepes with beef. . Oh we also ordered a stir fried turnip cake ...or is it taro? IWhatever it is, it reminded me of home fries. Every serving was bigger than what i am used to when i go to dim sum locations. However, there is a reason for that, the food here is definitely more expensive. With the amount of $$$ that we paid, we could have gotten double the order at a Chinatown dimsum location. however, the food is solid. The chicken feet is meaty and tender. The pork ribs were flavorful. The beef crepe was a bit too doughy for my taste, but overall the whole experience was good.  I also like how the waiters/waitresses can speak in English which is a huge plus at dimsum restaurants. Good luck trying to speak in English at places like Jing Fong. Will i be back here? most definitely.
Came here for lunch with colleagues. All I can say is: YUMMY!  -- the food was almost ecstasy! I ordered shrimp and chicken stir fry in mixed vege -- and it came out perfect. The shrimp was not overcooked and the chicken was tender! The fried rice was exactly that: fried rice. no foreign items in there that I can't identify, no peas, no veges, just fried rice. The simple taste played on my tongue like a fiddle. The Wonton soup was light, refreshing and delightful. The dimsum lunch was quite a treat for my colleague and I. I've lived overseas in Asia -- and this is what Chinese food is suppose taste like! Next to Chinatown, Aberdeen has that taste authentic...and love the char gow!...qing zai lai yige!! (Another  one, please! - Mandarin)
I have been here maybe 3 times.  2 times for dinner and 1 time for dim sum.  I must say, dim sum was my favorite! Came here last Saturday with my boyfriend (who is half Chinese [Cantonese]).  He approved of their dim sum :) ...In fact, he ate everything up with a big smile on his face.   Everything we ordered from pork buns to shrimp dumplings to the more obscure dishes tasted great!!! Plus, friendly service.  Prompt, but not rushed.   We left with full bellies and leftovers :)  All for about 20 bucks.   Great thing is across the street is a large Asian market... very convenient to check out after a meal here.
Aberdeen Seafood & Dim Sum is the only place in Westchester to go for dim sum if you feel like indulging.  While the prices are not as cheap as in the city, you don't need to go to the city either!  The food is tasty and the service is fine.  On the plus side, they do offer dishes aimed at Chinese people, although they also have plenty of things Americans like so it caters to both crowds. If you decide to do the typical dim sum experience they have it.   I went with about eight friends and sat at the huge table where we got dish after dish of food to share.  I have also gone with two other people and sat at a smaller table and ordered regular dishes.  Either way Aberdeen is a solid restaurant.
I am shocked by the reviews of others.  if this is one of Westchester's better chines restaurants we are all in trouble.   This was a complete disappointment on so many fronts.  The Dim Sum appetizer was 8 different dumplings which whose casings were soft and mushy.  They had likely been re-steamed several times.   When we ordered, I specifically asked for "light sauce" on our 3 dishes (twice cooked pork and vegetables, orange beef and General Tso Chicken).  When the dishes came out the pork was fine, but the Chicken and Beef were in a thick, glooopy, overly sweet sauce that was poured all over the crispy meats and they were a soggy mess. There isn't much more to say about this except we wont be back.
I went there with my best friend because she used to go to school in the area. I was a little doubtful at the beginning because it's in a hotel, and my experience with restaurant that is close to a hotel was never good. But it totally surprised me with the amazing food. The first time we ordered the Salted fish with eggplant House Special (I forgot the name), and boy it was delicious. We also got the sticky rice with crab which I believe wasn't on the menu. The dinner was a little bit pricey, but it was totally worth it. The second time we went there for brunch, and the dim sum is just about average and nothing was too impressive. However, I would definitely come back again to get the sticky rice and the eggplant with salted fish if I ever visit NY in the future!
Today was the first time I came to this restaurant and it was hella good! I loved the menu and the food I ate was splendid! The Yow Chow fried rice was the best, and the lo mein too! I liked this restaurant also because the food wasn't salty which made it even greater! I didn't try the dim sum because oh well, they only had it until lunch so I was out of luck. Something that really drove me crazy was the poor fishes in the tanks. I hate eating knowing that those poor innocent animals are going to die. Besides that everything was completely AWESOME!
Great dim sum place for non-Chinese people. The food is on the cold side, very greasy and heavy, so it's bound to satisfy lots of folks.  Sure it gets its share of Chinese clientele, but as with all peoples, there is a subset with average tastes. With a name like Aberdeen, you'd think it'd live up to its namesake (you know, Aberdeen Hong Kong), but nah, this place is close to sucking. It's also ridiculously expensive.  Dishes that normally would cost $2-3 are $6-8 here.  So follow the crowd and come here for authentic dim sum.
So I made the move to Weschester, one of the main negatives was that I was moving away from the mecca of dim sum and all other asian food into a virtually no asian food land, but the authentic standards anyway.  So when my friends decided to visit and they are asian, we said we will try and find a dim sum place.  The experience starts off a bit strange as this is in the vestibule of a hotel, but after that you quickly realize that one you leave the hotel lobby you are in a place you can trust to eat dim sum. It was a good experience. Since I consider myself a bit of a dim sum snob, I would say it was not the greatest dim sum but ultimately I am super happy that if I want to I can drive 20 mins from my house and not pay the tolls back to Queens and have a meal that will satisfy my dim sum urges.  Most dim sum staples are present.
This is not bad for outside of Manhattan/Flushing. I came here for dim sum because I was staying at the hotel next door. I didn't have high expectations for dim sum outside of the city. But my friends wanted to try it...so I was game. First off...the place is clean. Very comfortable. It wasn't too busy on a Saturday morning. It did have the fish in a fish tank..which adds to authenticity. I usually judge a place by the Har Gow (Shrimp dumplings). Those are my favorite and most basic. They were ok. Not great but not the worst either. They had the typical dim sum dishes and a couple special dumplings. I love my dumplings. The vegetable dumpling and the chicken/taro dumplings were ok. The skin was a little thick and mushy. I didn't try everything..but I think it was decent for where it is located.
Great place for Dim Sum in White Plains. My favorite dishes are the Turnip cake and Sticky Rice. I am also partial to the steamed spare ribs as well. Service is fast and friendly with no pressure. No new age fusion crap, just awesome traditional Dim Sum in a friendly clean place. Going during rush on Saturday or Sunday 11-2pm you can expect a wait usually. Two big thumbs up for the Bubble Tea menu!!!!
Very good Chinese food.  Nice to see something as far north as White Plains get outside typical American Chinese fare.
A real live dim sum parlor with tables, table cloths, waiters and servers with steam carts.  Just like in a real dim sum parlor.  It's good, maybe very good.  It's not one of the slick new age places with new dishes. It's conventionally priced and while not cheap, it's not expensive either. I only know of one other good dim sum parlor in the area.  Try both.
My quest for good chinese continues and sadly doesn't end here.  I've been here twice and ordered in once and been less than satisfied.  It isn't quite as bad as Bao but it isn't a stand out place either. I will say this, their soups are pretty decent.   I tried their mustard green soup and wonton (a staple in my chinese food diet).  The mustard green soup was interesting and I would have it again. Their shrimp fried rice is decent.  Steamed veg - standard.  Homestyle Bean curd, soso ...lacking in flavor. Thus far E Coast chinese food is lacking in intense flavors but I am hopeful. I will go back again just to try the dim sum.  After all, dim sum is in the name of their restaurant.
Cantonese And Dim Sum, Wow Am I In Flushing? Feeling confident as Im surrounded by an abundance of Chinese patrons, I ordered a Peking Duck and a few other dishes. The attentive waiter continuously came to slice our duck and put it in the asian buns with hoisin sauce and crisp greens. No I did not order any Chinese American dishes, to afraid to be disappointed with the sweet, gooey dishes THAT AMERICANS DEMAND!
Soooooo good. Dim sum is whats good. #shumai #chao siu bao #chao siu sou #happydumpling
I finally was able to see the full dim sum menu. We had the vegetable dumplings, vegetable spring rolls, shrimp dumplings, taro puffs, stuffed eggplant and bean curd skin roll. The prices are about $4 each which for the area is about correct. The taro puffs were sour but the rest was not bad at all. It was not great enough to compel me to return anytime soon but not bad enough to make me regret going. The service was still nice and attentive.
Holy big shrimp.  Yes this dim sum spot does not skimp on the shrimp in some of the dishes we ordered.  Larger than normal used and very fresh.  This place is packed too.  Bring some quarters for the parking outside.  Its an hour at a time so u will need to put more quarters in and stay longer to enjoy.
I had lunch there 2 days ago with a good friend.  We went based on the reviews we read here and I was very disappointed.  The restaurant was practically empty when we arrived, but they seemed in a terrible hurry to have us order.  We ordered a variety of dim sum and then one entree.  The tofu skins were excellent but the vegetable dumplings were more thick dough than dumpling, and chicken dumplings were a solid mass of tasteless chicken, the turnip cakes were inedible, and the tofu entree was soggy and tasteless.  We didn't finish a single dish.  We were never offered the opportunity to order a drink, and while they cleared plates quickly, they never asked if we would like more.  I love dim sum but this was not a good example of what it should be.  I would not return.
best dim sum in the area. do not compare ABERDEEN with seafood restaurants in chinatown or flushing, ABERDEEN provides friendly service and good food this side of New York. My go to place on weekend.
With such dim sum reviews i thought this would be the spot...came for lunch, meh. The hot and spicy soup had a weird after taste...the chicken chewy and even the briccali tasted old.  But the staff is great. If u have no quams w quality...go for it. Or go across the street. Way better
I've been coming to Aberdeen for years and I think the food has gone downhill. Most of the people who come to the restaurant are not Chinese and the food reflects that. In terms of dim sum, it's not bad but it's not great either; however, the prices are pretty good. On my most recent visit, I was disappointed - most of the food was greasy, didn't taste fresh, and the carts took a really long time coming to the tables. My favorites though still tasted delicious - the pineapple bread, the curry chicken turnovers, and the flaky triangle type of pork bun. Obviously there's a trend here - the only food that I can really stomach here are the flaky pastry-type foods, which are always delicious and don't leave my stomach upset with the grease. I would have given Aberdeen 4 stars, but based off of previous and more recent experiences, I think it deserves a solid 3 stars.
This was my first Dim Sum experience so I am definately not an expert, but I have to say I enjoyed this place.  I enjoyed almost every option they brought out to the table and the staff was very attentive and fast.  I will definately be going back.
This place is good We arrive after the cart service around 3:30 PM but the waiter said we could order what ever they had on the cart menu great. Chicken feet,shrimp  dumplings,steamed buns and pork dumplings too! we had 2 orders of the buns yeah that good. Waiters were friendly service was fast.
We had dinner here after a very long day. The seafood is great (bad people order shark-fin soup) and the ambience was comfy. Best so far in White Plains.
When you walk in you think that you are on to something.  Who would go to the ramshackle hole in the wall tucked in a 2nd rate motel lobby like this if it wasn't great?  Why would people wait 40 deep for an hour if the food wasn't spectacular?  I don't know the answer to these questions, but I do know this- Aberdeen is nothing special. The potstickers are OK but no better than you might get at PF Chang's.  The deep fried items are served cold and in a pool of oil- we gagged on the calamari and choked on the shrimp balls.  The roasted meats were overcooked and again so oily they were tasteless- roasted duck tasted like roasted sneaker, chicken feet bounced like a basketball. We sampled 22 items (we were a group of 8) and the most enjoyed item was the fried taro stuff with pork.  We liked it so much we asked for more so they brought out 2 orders that were cold and clammy- yuck. If you are like me and you are trying to recapture the Dim Sum experience you had in Hong Kong or San Fran this ain't it.  I'm back to our local chinese place ordering appetizers.  It might not be as much fun- but at least it's edible.
This horrible, insipid restaurant has caused me to question the validity and usefulness of Yelp. I picked it b/c of all the great reviews and an important dinner with my ex-wife, 3 of my kids and our departing and very beloved babysitter was a complete and utter disaster. Let me preface my forthcoming evisceration of this inept flophouse by saying I have been eating Chinese food since the 1960s. I have eaten high-end white-tablecloth Chinese food and hole-in-the-wall Chinese food. I have eaten in Chinatowns in NYC, San Francisco, London, LA, Boston, Philadelphia etc. I have eaten in half a dozen of the best and brightest old-fashioned and new-wave Chinese restaurants in Queens. And I cannot begin to remember a more incompetently served; offensively cooked; and horribly timed meal. First, the space is upsettingy bland and devoid of any personality, shoved into the corner of the hotel. The staff was very friendly, but after our dim sum  (meh) and sesame cold noodles (pasty, flavorless) arrived, things went downhill at the speed of light. Our first and last entree arrived more than an hour apart, leaving one of my kids to sit with his hands on his lap for an hour. The waiter tried to serve us food we didn't order and several times one of them stood in between 3 tables and asked who had the so and so dish. The rice didn't arrive until 2 of us had finished eating. The spicy jumbo shrimp weren't spicy and were tasteless. The orange beef was fatty, chewy and almost all breading. The sweet and sour shrimp were soggy and oily. The broccoli looks like it had been treated with chemicals to remain an unreal green. I could go on and on. Our babysitter, who is from Jamaica and has not eaten Chinese food more than a few times, we horribly disappointed, even he lied and said he wasn't hungry, leaving his food untouched. To make matters worse, they tried to charge me $5 for a beer the people at the next table had ordered. My ex-wife will have this execreble meal to hold over my head at family dinners for years to come. I took everyone to Mamaroneck to The Mozart Cafe for dessert to try and forget this monstrous failure. I hate to sound arrogant or judgemental, but anyone who gave this restaurant a good review is clearly clueless about food in general and Chinese food specifically, and each of you owes me a portion of the $130.00 bill and 3 hours of my life back. I wouldn't eat here for free.
Best dim sum
It is a typical Chinese dim sum place.  They get you seated right away if you come in early enough before the crowd comes in but, do  not expect good service.  They are so busy that if you are unlucky to get seated in the corner table, you really have to try your best to get their attention.  Even if it is just to add hot water in your tea pot.   Overall, food is good.  It is tasty and a lot of flavor.  The dim sum tastes fresh.  They do not make enough of the popular dishes such as pork dumplings or Har Gaw and so, you have to wait.  It is still worth it, though. This is as good as it gets outside NYC Chinatown.
TIP: MAKE RESERVATIONS and save yourself a long wait on the weekends.
Some of the best Dim Sum I have had since I was in China!  This place does it right!  Very relaxed atmosphere and they even give you a sort of Dim Sum key so you know what your picking.  Fast and friendly service, and the food was great!  I will defiantly be going back here, probably even become a semi regular.  Will try it out for dinenr and update the review according also, but the Dim Sum is by far some of the best in Westchester!
My brother comes here a lot, so he was very excited to bring me in during my last visit to the east coast. I am a vegetarian (also eat seafood), so I have steered clear of dim sum in the past because I never felt like I could trust that I wasn't actually eating pork or some other meat. Assured that they would understand my dietary restrictions, I was excited to finally have a chance to try it out. I had a few shrimp and a few veggie rolls and they were all pretty good. Also enjoyed a sesame roll for dessert and that was great. Overall it was a nice, filling meal that was super cheap and very fast.
The food and service here are top notch. This review is only for dim sum because that's all I've tried so far. It's authentic without being heavy or greasy. They're fast and there's always tons of options. I personally think it's comparable to the big ones in Chinatown or Flushing. It's very very tasty and I cannot wait to go back.
Aberdeen has the best dim sum in the area, hands down.  The dishes are excellent.  The service is good and the restaurant is clean.  The regular menu is very good, as well, but dim sum is where Aberdeen really shines.
I love me some Aberdeen! I haven't been to a Dim Sum restaurant before I came here but now my friends and I come here almost every week for lunch. All of the food is fresh and there is always a large variety to choose from. It's a great lunch after a night of drinking.
Wow, quite a find...located in lobby of my hotel!  I read the Yelp reviews and decided to try it out.  The late lunch crowd was fairly quiet but the dim sum was very fresh.  The fried skin bean curd was the highlight.  I didn't expect it to be as amazing as it turned out.  The service was attentive, polite and helpful.  Other than overeating, I had a great visit and would certainly eat there again.
I don't understand some of these negative reviews. This is what dim sum is supposed to be like from my experience. Lots of dumplings with shrimp, pork, chicken, etc., beef rice noodle things, taro cakes, spring rolls, roast pork buns, vegetable/tofu stuff. We didn't find anything weird like chicken feet or tripe, so I guess the selection wasn't that extensive. But everything was good and the prices were reasonable, about $20 per person including tax and tip.
This is the best of the three places where I could find authentic Cantonese food. I send all of my friends, americans or not ;), here for good Cantonese food.
Without a doubt one of my favorite places to have a meal. Seriously, I go there, and HAPPILY lose an hour or two of my time. It's like I found the culinary equivalent of the rip in the space-time-continuum. I've gone for dinner and ordered off menu, but the real show stopper is to go between the hours of 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. for their dim sum brunch, which is served with the traditional steamer carts coming to your table, showcasing an array of steamed deliciousness. There are other sized plate options which are brought around as well, and the prices per plate vary on the size of the plate. The pricing to me is always a mystery, however, that doesn't stop me from getting a small assortment of steamed and fried and small plate entree items to try. You can't go wrong getting the xiao long bao (steamed pork bun) or the sticky rice in bamboo (or is it lotus?) leaves, which has a sweet pork filling inside. Some times there will be congee offered which to the uninitiated is a mysterious soup like porridge item, which is ladled out and is opaque and hot and usually brimming w/seafood. For the more adventurous, there's always chicken feet! :) And all the usual items one has come to know for dimsum: shumai, steamed dumplings, meat balls, spare rib, stuffed deep fried taro puffs, egg custards, noodle dishes, clams or mussels in black bean sauce, you name it, they offer it.  And if you don't see what you want in the steamer carts, you can always order a plate of something off the menu.   Hot tea and an eventual fruity bubble tea round out a great meal. And unlike larger dimsum emporiums you'd see in NYC, the wait staff are not dead eyed drones going about their job like robots. They are active and smiling and pleasant.  And since dimsum of this variety and quality are hard to come by outside of Chinatown, you can bet that this place gets packed QUICK on Saturday and Sunday (even more so if it's a holiday like Mother's Day or Father's Day or near the lunar New Year), so get there early.   For two people, we normally spend between $40 and $50 (bubble tea included), and invariably one of us ends up taking home a sack full of leftovers.
If you're looking for some dim sum you definitely cant go wrong here. As soon as you step inside everything just look and feels authentic. The food was delicious, the service was pleasant and the food was affordable. I'm not sure you can ask for much more.
Great spot in White Plains, NY.  The food was fantastic and the waiter was great.The Dim Sum was authentic and delicious.
Love their DimSum.  Have not been for regular menu but if the dimsum menu is any sign, this place is awesome.   Almost as good as chinatown.  Quick, efficent, and they speak english very well (only bc my gf has a fish allergy and they can tell you if it contains fish)
Excellent dimsum, better than everything manhattan has to offer at least.
Good dim sum and in Westchester?  Yes, hard to believe, but Aberdeen is your place.  I'd actually say it's the best dim sum I've had in the tri-state area, including Flushing and Chinatown.  Not as good as dim sum in San Francisco, Monterey Park or Hong Kong, but the quality at Aberdeen is pretty good and consistent.  My daughter's favorite item is the shrimp spring rolls, while mine is the fried calamari, and my wife's is the sticky rice in lotus leaf.  Bubble teas here are decent too.  It's also nice to be recognized as regulars and adds to the family environment.
Great Lunch Specials, Very Consistent, Great Staff, Best Dim Sum in White Plains
This place is a haven in the burbs.  It's not the best dim sum you can find, but it's a great place in Westchester County.  It's authentic Cantonese dim sum, and so much better than any of the places outside NYC.  This is my preferred default spot.
This is one of the best Dim Sum places I've ever been. Highly recommend.
The Dim Sum was delicious - the dumplings and buns were clearly homemade.  The chicken entree dishes were very good too.  Decent Chinese food for Westchester, although i'm still looking for a Chinese restaurant that will WOW me.
On my last visit, two dim sum dishes must have been left over from the day before and were turning bad. The waiter didn't seemed disinterested when I informed him of this and left the items on the bill.
This place has some of the best dim sum I have had in the US (and I have been to many excellent places on the east coast and west coast).  Definitely did not expect this considering it is a hotel restaurant. There is not one specific dim sum I can recommend since I liked everything I tried. Service is fast and on the plus side most of the servers speak English.
A Chinese Restaurant called "Aberdeen," that should be your first clue.  After traveling for 12 hours, anything sounds good, but not this crap. The hot and sour soup was bitter, not sour and had no heat. The usual tree ears were shredded beyond recognition. Next came the fried squid. It was one of those giant fillets cut into squares and scored with a knife before deep frying. There was a generous portion, but my jaw was sore from chewing a mouth full of rubber bands. Finally, the beef chow main or lo main... okay, greasy old noodles with a flavorless brown goo and a smattering of "beef". I couldn't tell if it was slices of beef or chipped beef you buy in a can. I was there at 7 PM on a Tuesday evening and I had the whole place to myself. The Marriott was completely sold out and there was a steady stream of pizza deliveries. I guess pizza is the preferred meal in downtown White Plains after dark.
Thank goodness for Aberdeen.  Now we no longer have to make the trek into NYC for dim sum.  In fact, we think that Aberdeen is much better than Jing Fong, Ping's and the many other dim sum places we have spent countless meals at in NYC. As people have said, the main entrance to the restaurant is inside the Residence Inn.  And the place is not all that big, so a reservation would be a good idea for a weekend brunch (we were there on Saturday at noon, and by 12:30 the place was almost full).  They have an upper and lower seating area, but unlike other dim sum parlors (where the fresh carts can tend to stay in one area), the food is quickly brought to both levels.  There are carts on each level, but they appear to primarily stock the big sellers:  har how, shu mei, pork buns, etc.  So when you initially order, many of the items will come from the cart.  But no worries: they are all fresh and hot.  There are also waiters who walk around with trays of food hot from the kitchen (typically the fried dishes, like turnip cakes, shrimp balls, fried sticky rice, etc.) and fresh veggies (gai lon, baby box choy, etc.).  They also walk around with some of the more interesting dishes, like tripe, squid and pork skin in curry, etc.  And they have congee available. The food is amazing.  Far fresher tasting and far less greasy than anyplace in chinatown.  And they are all cooked perfectly (even the gai lon, which typically is was overcooked).  We ate far more than we should have, and everything was perfect. The staff is incredibly attentive (another departure from chinatown); our water glass was never less than half full.  If you don't see something you want, just ask and is will be brought to you quickly.  And if you are not sure what something is, they are more than happy to help (and speak perfect english). Yes, the price is more than chinatown.  However, we did not have to pay the tolls (or gas), and then parking just to have dim sum.  That alone can save you over $50.  The three of us ate ourselves silly for about $70.  Not too shabby. Aberdeen, we will be back often!
Despite being in a hotel, the dim sum here is quite authentic.  The only ding I give them is that their dumplings are too big - making it difficult to eat and getting a lot of meat versus the dumpling wrapping (avoid the pork siu mai or be prepared to have a lot of pork!)
Quoted wait for Sunday dim sum - 15 min. Actual - 45min. Not a great start. Food definitely redeemed this review - delicious. Staff is great about explaining each dish. Do yourself a favor and call for a reservation.
not to say that i haven't had better dim sum before, i think this place is the best in the area when it comes to dim sum. everything is so good, we always end up ordering too much. their ingredients are fresh and everything is very authentic HK! my favorite and only one choice for dim sum in this area, i always look forward to the next time.
great food!!   gets busy some times, but that's to be expected when it's this good.
I went here for my birthday on a Sunday and made reservations at 11 am which is when the restaurant opens.  It was my first time.  You have to go into the Residence Inn Hotel and the entrance to the restaurant is on the left.  There's street parking which is free on Sunday and a parking lot across the street.  We got there at 11 am for dim sum when the restaurant opened.  We had to wait about ten minutes for a couple people in my party to arrive and by then, the restaurant was already a quarter full.  We were seated right away next to the beautiful red wall in the back corner with the Phoenix and the Dragon.  As the trays passed by our table, we ordered some shumai, fried calamari, cha su bow (pork buns), dal mu (snow pea leaves), and other items.  The food was fresh, well-seasoned and tasted just like the food you get in Chinatown and Queens.  The service was great.  The place is small so I would suggest getting there early.  It also helps if you speak Chinese since some of the waiters do not fully understand English.  I only knew the dim sum words in Cantonese but either way, you can point at what you want on the tray and they will understand.  I would go back again and it's great to know there's an authentic dim sum place that's closer than Chinatown and Queens.
Pretty good, sit down Chinese for Westchester County, good food, good service.
Better dim sum than the city! The prices are a little higher, but totally worth it. A MUST TRY for dim sum fans in Westchester!
We went there for Dim Sum.  I was not sure whether it would be good, but they had all the standard stuff and the cart kept on coming.  The price was decent.  Also, the skin of all the dumplings were all soft and the sizes were just right.  I would certainly go back there.
On Chrismas Eve, we went for Peking Duck(I ordered one in advancer when making the reservation and requested it be crispy, as we love the skin). Not only was it crispy, but deligh! The waiter meticulously took a pancake, then added some duck meat, the sauce, then skin and then more sauce and then wrapped it for each person. Just as good as Peking Duck House on Mott Street. We also had the best pork fried rice and shredded pork in garlic sauce that wer've had in years. with the checxk came orange slices, fortune cookies and cleansing towels. We live about 25 minutes away and don't normally travel more than 5 minutes for what we thought was pretty good chinese...I think it's worth the trip to White Plains and next time, perhaps I'll do lunch and try their dim sum. b.t.w, a little pricey, but totally worth it.
quality and classic Hong Kong Style food.  I see it got a few poor reviews and I believe that was not justified.  Stick to fresh steamed fish, Dim Sum, Crispy chicken , and friend Tofu
This restaurant has the best food & some interesting dishes which are hard to find elsewhere.  We love their roasted garlic chicken, shrimp with bok choy, all the fish dishes, pork chop hong kong style, the shrimp dumplings & seafood shumai to name just a few.  The service is great - the owners Ricky & Jackie are the best people. We always feel welcome and special.  Try the dim sum too - served everyday in the late morning/early afternoon -- very authentic.
Went for dim sum on Sunday afternoon.  Really enjoyed it.  Service was very good and food was tasty.  Loved the sticky rice and shrimp dumplings.  This may become a regular Sunday thing for us!
Very low in portion sizes quality of food especially rice. Doesnt compare to different dim sum restaurants. Very disappointed.
