horrible.. customer service experience called and asked what a full body message is and the person who i spoke with rudely said to me "if you had a message before you should know what it means"""wont be going there!!!!! imagine how they will treat you there..
Came here with Groupon for foot reflexology. Being in a hands-on healing profession, I can say Michael did a fabulous job. So fabulous that I went home and fell asleep for 6 hours in the middle of the afternoon. Bought another Groupon for massage/reflexology combo. Looking forward to it.
I have been here twice using a Groupon for a body massage and reflexology. I was not disappointed!! My first visit I had Peter and his hands worked to remove all the knots and adhesions. Today I had Anna and she was equally good. I would definitely return and the Groupon value makes it a no brainer!
I am a regular at this place. I've been here five times all ready and I always feel de stressed every after my foot massage. They soak my legs in a bucket of warm water while giving you a massage (sitting up) in your back and arms. Then after a couple minutes , they will massage your legs. It just feels soooo good. Will come back and definitely recommended!!!!
I just had the most amazing reflexology treatment. The environment was calming and welcoming. The treatment was amazing. I felt so relaxed and rejuvenated. I had to book my next appointment before I left.
I've been 5 times and tried two different therapists (Lisa and Anna).  Both did great work.  My only complaint is that I keep falling asleep so I miss out on part of the experience.  But maybe that's not their fault.. :-D
The massage was good, but somewhat painful at times. My girlfriend and I got a couples massage and her experience was great but mine was average. I did feel great leaving the place but the following days felt sore especially in my neck. We paid full price (75 per person) which wasent worth it and should have gotten the groupon. Won't be returning here. Small but comfortable place.
Kind of mad I always passed by this place and never went in.  Did you know they were in business for over 7 years?!  Neither did I!   Anyways, like everyone else I bought the Groupon for the foot reflexology.  I bought it online and called them up to see if they had any available bookings for the week.  They said they were free in a few hours and for me to just come, so my day off anyways, I decided ok. There's a convenient parking lot, it's not difficult to find.  You walk in, and there's a receptionist, she collects the Groupon and then you just head off to the back.  Being quiet of course I just hang up my stuff, they ask me to take a seat in one of the reclining chairs (whichever one I want) so I pick the one in the corner since there's a lady already getting a foot massage behind me.   They start of with a 10 minute back rub and neck rub (this I did not expect and it was such a treat) and then while you're getting that done they let your feet soak in some hot water, totally relieving.   The foot massage was on point and I've had my share of foot massages and oh man this goes in my top 2.  Usually it's too soft or wayy too hard that I get bruises from these crazy women who keep pressing the same area because they don't understand what it means when you say HURT PAIN TOO HARD, haha, but I have no need to tell these people.  Super awesome.
Excellent massage. Without any back pain every since I started coming here. What a Savior!!!
I came here on a groupon for a message and I must say, it was one of the best messages in a long time. Will definitely be coming back here.
I had a groupon so i used it for a massage .  I requested a Swedish just to de stress.  The therapist  put so much pressure as if he was giving a deep tissue massage.  I cringed the whole time and couldn't relax.  I mentioned to him it was too much pressure but he just laughed and said is this your first time getting a massage.  I'm actually a spa junkie and this was was not a Swedish massage.  I don't plan to return.  My husband liked his massage.  This  location is good if you will like a sports massage.
Finally got my first massage. to think i passed by here all the time.  Can't wait for my next massage planning a couples massage. Just received my email for my mother's day special I might just get 2 ..I will be coming back soon. .
I bought a Groupon, called the same day to make the appointment, and went two days later (they would have been able to fit me in same day if I chose). The atmosphere was so peaceful....totally what I needed for some relaxation. Clean, friendly, dim lights, soft music, beautiful decor. The reflexology massage was so relaxing that I felt like I was melting into the big comfy chair! It included a back/neck massage to start, and then worked on the feet and legs. I liked it so much that I bought a package to come back!
horrible customer service & staff! they actually demand a $10+ tip for a not so great massage. worst place ever!
I found this very special place through a Groupon for a foot reflexology session.  The staff greeted me warmly and asked if there were any medical conditions they should be aware of. There is a quiet group space off the outer lobby with recliner chairs for the foot reflexology sessions. It's dimly lit, and you are barely aware that anyone else is around you ( For those if you who want total privacy - go up Central Ave to tranquility spa for a private room and mediocre foot massage at triple the price). They also have private rooms for massages and acupuncture- FYI. Anyway, my reflexology session also started with a foot soak and relaxing back/arm/neck and head massage. The reflexology portion was zen like and truly truly followed reflexology philosophy. I felt almost light headed and lighter than air when it was finished. I now return on a weekly basis, having purchased a package. No one has yet mentioned Dr. Zheng, the accupuncturist. I never had acupuncture before, but after two sessions, he has relieved the pain from a condition with my right knee minuscus , that seven months of physical therapy 2 times a week couldn't improve.  I continue to have more energy and reduced pain.  I am a dedicated and satisfied customer and recommend Far East Wellness without reservation.
I just discovered Far East Wellness and am blown away - they are phenomenal! Friendly but more importantly they are so good at what they do!  I can't believe how much better I felt once I had my reflexology.  In fact was so impressed, I signed up for a 1 hour massage 2 days later.  Again, I felt fantastic - relaxed, lighter as if 25 pounds had been lifted of of me..I swear my posture was even better.  But more importantly, they gave me my first day of pain relief from an arm injury that I had received when I fell 2 1/2 months ago, I even have my range of motion back.  I am a believer and I can't recommend them more highly.
Went there today, had a Groupon for reflexology foot massages.  Starts with a food soak, while they massaged our shoulders.  Then had the best foot massage ever.  We walked out of there so relaxed.  I even fell asleep!! Will definitely be back!!!
I work longg hours standing and was immediaty drawn to this location because of a groupon. I called and made a reservation, with no problem. Upon arriving I was warmly welcomed and offered refreshments. I had the 60 min reflexology session and was left amazed!! Very relaxing, and most importantly my feet felt in heaven.
Just bought a Groupon today, it was the best deal in town! Very clean, friendly staff and an amazing foot massage. Definitely worth the trip.
So thrilled found this place near Bronx. Minutes from Yonkers raceway so dropped my Mom at Empire city & got nice 1hr massage. Sam was great & rubbed away each knot especially those tough ones around scapula most massage therapists hit but never quite get rid of. 1hr massage had great price & even included hot stones. Right across from bed bath & beyond & has free parking.
I booked a reflexology appointment here, and I have to say that I was impressed with my overall experience. I was a little apprehensive when I walked in to the room as they have all the chairs together, so I didn't know what to expect, as there was someone seated next to me. She began with the water bucket to soak my feet, and had me move from the chair onto the ottoman to give me a great neck and shoulder massage I was not expecting. When she was done with that message, she had me move back onto the chair which was quite comfortable and began the reflexology. The room was dimly lit, and she put a warm towel over my eyes as well. I did not have any issues with the therapist talking to the one next to her as other reviewers have noted (thank goodness). Overall my massage therapist did a terrific job. I have had reflexology done before in fancy spas and haven't had as good a job as I had done here. Yes, I got a price break, at Far East Wellness, but to me it was worth giving up a little privacy there because for the privacy I have paid for in the past at other spas, I have not gotten the good reflexology massage like I did at Far East Wellness which is what I would  rather have. So I guess you need to decide which is more important to you. I know what is more important to me. I will go back to Far East Wellness. I will also ask politely that they not speak to one another when I book my appointment. :)
My fiancee and I came here on a Groupon for a 1 hour reflexology massage.  We were a bit early, and were happy to hear that a therapist would take one of us virtually right away.  We were not asked to fill out any sort of medical history, which should have been the first red flag.  When I was brought back into the massage room - that's all it was.  One giant room where several other people were already mid treatment.  It was a little awkward.  The session started with a back massage while I soaked my feet.  The therapist was a little bit rough, and even tried to stretch my neck by pulling my head up from underneath my chin while I was sitting upright.  Very uncomfortable.  The foot massage was alright in itself, but it was a straight forward foot massage, nothing that even resembled reflexology treatments I've received in the past.  The majority of the massage takes place in a reclining chair, which my therapist virtually launched me out of at the end of the massage with no warning . Also, since I had come in with my fiancee, they sat him next to me once a therapist freed up - which was really nice, except for the fact that our therapists chatted the entire time.  It was very hard to relax with people walking in and out of the community massage room and our therapists whispering back and forth during our treatment.  Lastly, once we wrapped up and my fiancee came out, we decided that we would tip each of our therapists $5 since we were really not thrilled with their service.  Once we went to hand them the tips, we were told tips under $10 were not accepted.  We should have just walked out, but my fiancee felt bad and gave them $10 each.  Talk about adding insult to injury! Overall, an okay massage for the Groupon rate of $29, but TOTALLY not worth EVER paying the full price of $70.  We both came out more sore than we went in, and the nerve of the therapists asking for a higher tip really left us ruffled.  Don't waste your time!
