Very underrated as far as campus bars go. Faegan's offers three cool nights: Beer Tour (try beers around the world) Flip Night (flip a coin for free beer) and Senior Sunday. But it offers more than that. The food is awesome. The nachos are crazy good, and the pulled pork and fish and chips are my favorites. This is the nicest bar on campus with an awesome beer selection. If Chucks wasn't so legendary, I have no doubt Faegan's would be packed every night cause it's honestly a nicer bar.
One of the bars that resonate with SU students and alumni. Senior Sunday is one of the best ways to start off a new week. Can't beat the price for the Long Island Iced Teas. I never completed Beer Tour on Tuesdays. You get a passport and have to drink all the beers on tap. It's a mission that clearly I got distracted by one that I enjoyed. Flip Night is insanely popular. Head there early! It's a simple concept. Order a drink. If you call it correctly, it's free. Make sure to tip, though! On Flip Night, Chucks has no cover. Food is fairly good for the SU hill.
The blue moon nachos used to be incredible, but now they changed the entire dish to save money it seems. Now I have no reason to eat at Faegan's, because the rest of the food is ok at best. I'm so disappointed.
This was always one of my favorite spots when I was a senior at SU, and still is to this day.  Went in on a Friday night around 10:30, and had our choice of seats (I always sit under the moose to the right of the entrance, who I call Elmo) Went to the bar and ordered 2 pints for $6 total.  They have an excellent selection of taps, speedy servers, and full bar, and sports on TV.  The prices do vary depending on the night, and were more like $5 on game day. They don't open till 11, which is a bit of a bummer...but they don't serve breakfast so that makes sense.  It fills up early on game day and is elbow to elbow - so arrive early!
I ended up at Faegan's twice in the span of one day, on a three-day trip to Syracuse... the first time at a recommendation of a friend for lunch. I had the fish tacos with fresh cod and a side slaw of curried sweet potatoes... with a Sam Adams cherry wheat (on tap) and maraschino cherry for good measure. The second time was after dinner for a nightcap... and by 'nightcap' in a college town, of course I mean a pitcher of beer enjoyed in the standing-room only raucous atmosphere of a Friday night post-basketball scrimmage (or something). Needless to say, two very different experiences. Both were good, though the former was preferable. I must be growing up...
It's laughable that one reviewer posted: "You'll pay through the nose for the privilege of eating and drinking here." I was in Syracuse for work a few weeks ago, and Faegan's was my go-to for a quick bite and a beer, or to catch a few minutes of a game. I thought it was solid and not expensive at all. I typically got a solid lunch or early dinner and a pint of craft beer for $15. Good service. Decent food. Solid beer selection. Not a college dive bar. Plenty of TVs. Good atmosphere. Not sure how much more you really want out of a bar...
Faegan's. The food here is so good - so if you're not 21 yet and can't participate in Senior Sundays, Flip Night and World Beer Tour, don't worry. You can still come here and enjoy the delicious food. But if you ARE 21, come Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Sundays (if you're a senior) for the specials! I love Wednesday flip nights - and I'm not normally a beer girl. So many great memories here - and it's definitely something that every SU student has to check off their bucket list.
This is your typical college sports bar, just down the hill from the SU campus, it offers cheap beers and pub fare (from chicken wings to salads and burgers). I was not incredibly impressed with the Quasadillas we ordered but found their chicken wings to be tasty....went here to watch SU at the Pinstripe Bowl before heading up the hill to watch their men's Bball team (yeah, it was a full-on sports extravaganza) and my tip is get here early on game days!! This place filled up fast after we were sat at their 3,000lb community table but I found the service to be quick and the servers to be friendly and patient as we perused the relatively extensive beer menu. Overall, this is a hometown favorite, though I think I'll stick with the liquid lunch next time since the food was just 'meh'.
Pros: - Tuesday: Beer Tour (clever way to make people drink every flavor in the bar) - Wednesday: Flip Night (flip quarter, call heads/tails, drink free if you guess right) - Thursday: $2 Drafts (and $3 Long Island Iced Teas!) Cons: - Marshall Street's meatiest male and snobbiest female clientele - Neil Diamond singalong every hour - It can get uber packed on the weekends - Cover charge Verdict: It's a great weekday drinking hole for students who enjoy a slightly less grimy bar with an unmatched brew selection. Unfortunately, when the weekend rolls around, Faegan's will always play second fiddle to Chuck's.
Faegan's is one of those places I always go when I am in Syracuse because the food is good and there is a good beer selection. I usually order the bacon-wrapped jalapenos, which never disappoint. I also tend to stick to bar food, but one should know that the chicken wings here are well cooked but not spicy.
Faegan's was my absolute favorite bar as an undergrad at 'Cuse.  It's not your typical college bar - which is the exact reason I liked it.  It's *not* crazy crowded and filled with disgusting sweaty, slobbery, skanky drunks like some of the other bars on M Street (ahem, rhymes with "bucks").  You usually don't have to push your way through people, getting groped in the process as you would at other places.  And there is a place to hang your coats, which is usually a necessity in Syracuse. Faegan's has a great selection of beers on tap, more than any other bar near 'Cuse.  I spent a good number of nights here my senior year.  Weeknights and weekends included. Sometimes it can be a bit tricky to find a place to sit, so I'd suggest going a bit earlier than the normal crowd if you're planning on getting a table for a larger group. I'd highly recommend both the Beer Tour or Flip Night.  For Beer Tour, $15 + 40 beers gets your name on a plaque up in the restaurant and a Faegan's tshirt emblazoned with Ben Franklin's famous quote and the Guinness bird.  It's a fun task to complete with friends throughout the semester.  I was pretty successful on Flip Night; you call the right side of the coin and you get your beer for free!  The senior toast near the end of the spring semester is also a very fond memory of mine.  Everyone was given a glass of champagne which was quickly followed by the singing of the Chancellor Shaw-banned fight song. The food is also topnotch.  I've eaten here many times and salads, sandwiches, and burgers are all excellent. Now that I think about it, I haven't found another bar that makes me feel the way Faegan's does.  This is probably my favorite bar... EVER.
My two children have severe food allergies. One is gluten free (wheat allergy) and the other has a peanut allergy. The server and chef were "too busy" to discuss our options. We paid for our drinks and left. They were barely apologetic. Not at all accommodating of food allergies. If you or your child has an allergy, stay away. To make matters worse, our server had an attitude that made us feel like we were a bother. Never again.
Delicious food- everything I've had is awesome, and the other entrees look equally great! I love the beers on tap!!  I was very impressed with their selection.  They have everything from Blue Moon to Woodchuck to Sam Adam's Cherry Wheat, and all other fruit flavored beers in between (including raspberry, blueberry and blackberry).  I love sweet beers so I was like a kid in a candy store!  They also have the Beer Tour which is a cool challenge...if you drink all their types, your name goes on a gold plaque on their wall! The only down side?  Crowds.  And LOTS of it.  I understand it gets crowded late at night since it's a college bar.  But Friday/Saturday nights at dinner time?  Don't even think about it!  Faegan's is by far the best place to get food and drinks on Marshall Street, so I guess it's only natural. Your best bet is going there for lunch or dinner on a weekday.
Faegan's is located in the smaller and rowdier of Syracuse's two major nightlife districts, Marshall Street, aka SU Hill. However, this is the least rowdy pub in this district. From lunch time through dinner time (Monday - Saturday), this is a quiet pub with waiter/waitress service. Outside seating is available seasonally. Around 9pm out goes the cafe and in comes the pub (including Sundays). On some nights during the academic year (particually Wednesdays and Thursdays), this place will be packed by mostly graduate students and older undergrads. However, a good number of middle-aged town folk will also hang out here. By far the largest selection on the SU Hill, and one of the largest in all of Syracuse, Faegans has over forty beers on tap. Wine and liquor is also quite popular. Here's why Wednesday and Thursday are especially popular: Wednesday is "flip night"... When you order a beer, the bartender will flip a quarter. If you call it correctly, your beer is free. Unless you're very unlucky, this ends up reducing your bill significantly. Thursday is what used to be $2 beer night. Apparently the prices have gone up a little, but many beers are still $2 (as of May 2007). As Thursday is definitely the new Friday at SU, this place will be packed during the academic year on this night. If you happen to be out on a Sunday in Syracuse and every bar is empty, you might as well give Faegans a shot, since it's "Senior Sundays" have become a tradition. The staff is extremely friendly and the music is good as well. The signature song is "Sweet Caroline," which is played towards the end of the night with much fanfare.
If I could give this place negative 46 stars I would. They should walk around with their head slung down in shame for the experience we had in this glorified flea market food stand. We all ordered simple things. Salads and burgers. The place was near empty (not surprisingly) and the "food" took 45 minutes to come out. Upon the cold food being served, it tasted like a dead rat in a summers attic smothered in burnt onions. The "waitress" never came by to check of our "food" was acceptable and her chin acne made it even harder to eat the already bad "food" FOR SHAME vagrants! FOR SHAME!!!
By far my favorite bar on the SU campus. They have good beer, music, and decent pub food. The salads were my favorite.  I liked heading there because there was no need to worry about driving to and from Armory Square. The interior is what a college pub should be: comfortable, plenty of tables, booths, and seating outside (for the 2 days of the year in Syracuse that you can enjoy it). After you've had a few, be careful about the small step between the bar and the dining area. I still make a point to stop by when I'm back in town to visit the family.
On a busy-esk (for the small-ish school town) street, with lots of little whole-in-the-wall places to eat, this was a pretty upscale pub. The burger was big and tasty, but I've had a lot of burgers. So, I can't say it was one to write home about. I do remember devouring the fries that I had no business eating. I can't be sure if that was due to my fatty tendencies or because they were of the better variety. But at a minimum, they were good. The menu had a few more complicated items than that but I usually opt for the simpler selections. The server was nice and attentive. Overall, I chose it because it didn't give me that grimy feeling that a lot of college eateries can have, like so many people run through them that it's hard to keep tidy. I'm feel confident saying when I make this trip again, I'll return to Faegan's. Sidebar: There was a chatty lady in the upper section of the bar (you'll understand once you see the place) who I couldn't see but could hear. I pictured her with a rock the size of my fist and pearls to match. She seemed like she could have been stopping for lunch with a friend on the way to a spa. Completely unrelated, but a funny memory that might frame the place up a bit for you. lol
This place is the stand-by university bar for people who don't want to deal with the undergrads.  The beer list is extensive and the food is delicious.  But boy...you'll pay through the nose for the privilege of eating and drinking here. (I personally think they price their stuff high to keep the riff raff out.  But people will gladly pay their prices, so they continue to survive.) Just keep in mind that Wednesday night is flip night, so it's overrun with college students.  But if you're value oriented, it's a great night to score a great deal on drinks.
Pretty good beer selection with OK food and prices. Slightly "worn", and they sat us by the kitchen door despite a wide variety of better seating options. Unfortunately, it's one of the better options for craft beer near Syracuse University, but the Armory Square area kicks its butt.
Is this my last review of Syracuse? Oh no! But thank goodness it's for Faegan's, my favorite pub in the University area. What I love about Faegans is how involved it is with the students. My senior nights were spent here mingling amongst medical and law graduate students, seniors at FlipNight, Beer Tour, Senior Sundays(!) - all these great little weekly treats that makes this place really feel like a local hit even on an empty night. The bartenders are really nice (as long as you're nice back to them - and by that I mean not rude and handsy). They make drinks according to request and don't skimp on the alcohol - (damn those Long Islands are strong!) and are happy to accommodate, like when I ask for a Snakebite with Guiness instead of pale lager. There's so many beers on tap - start early in your 21s to finish the Beer Tour without feeling bloated. They come in 1/2 pints on Tuesday nights, and it's a win/lose situation. Not a lot of people (yay!) but tiny drinks for kind of a pricey number... I prefer Flip Night, where the stakes are high: You can come out drunk, and having only spent the $3 cover. If you're here for eating (and lucky enough to snag a table), the burgers, fries and spinach and artichoke dip are to die for. Feeling more peckish? Don't let the titles: Appetizer fool you. I got a plate of sliders and shared (delicious) sweet potato fries felt completely stuffed afterwards.
Before I left Syracuse for good Faegan's was my favorite place to hang out.   Good beer, good music on the sound system and the crowd was fun. I have not been there in years but I am giving it 5 stars for the memories.
Faegan's has a great beer selection, but if you're looking for more than a burger or a sandwich, look elsewhere.  Even for a Pub their menu is sparse. It's also worthwhile to call ahead and find out when the kitchen closes -- especially during the off season when Syracuse University empties out.
Lots of great beer on tap. 'Flip Night" Wednesdays (always go double heads) and a pretty tame crowd. The bathroom actually has soap and paper towels, which is tough to come by near the SU campus.
There is only one night I come to this establishment. FLIP NIGHT! Wednesday is Faegan's infamous Flip Night. Three dollar cover at the door and allows you to enter this beautiful night. Majority of beers that are on tap are $3.25 or $3.75(I forgot), after you receive your beer, the bartender flips a coin. You call it, if you get it right... you get it for FREE, if you guess wrong, you pay for the beer. They have a vase amount of beer on tap, from bud light to craft beers(S. Adams, Magic Hat, Saranac, and many micro brewerys) There is only one issue with flip night... It is packed! Disgustly packed! And there is only a certain amount of beer one can drink so I go towards liquor and their liquor prices are a bit higher.
It's not bad. They have a fairly good selection of wines by the glass (the $6-7 Riesling is surprisingly good), and they have some of my favorite beers on tap (Harpoon UFO Raspberry!). Food's a different story. Tastes okay, I've eaten here maybe twice...the first time, I had a burger with bleu cheese and bacon. I paid extra for the bacon and got half a slice. Literally. I said something to the waitress and she said, "We ran out." I asked if she could take the charge off my bill. She ended up charging me half...for HALF A SLICE of bacon. I got a soup and salad for lunch the other time. Nothing exciting, not memorable whatsoever.
Good place to hang out with friends after classes and bar nights. Not digging the cover charge though. It's voted on top 50 best college bars, I think Chucks deserves to be in front of Faegan's.
I was here on a Thursday night during the Fall 2009 term.  Granted, I finished up before 9PM, so I may have avoided the college kid crush, but I have nothing but good things to say. They've got tons of beers on tap, including locals.  I had two pints of Syracuse Pale Ale.  Their menu is huge and perhaps too ambitious, but I was very happy with my Scallop Sliders.  Seriously!  I had to order it but was apprehensive.  My fears were unfounded, it turned out. A great place to go for some sports-bar action with good pub fare.  Thumbs up!
Not bad, but nothing spectacular.  Flip nights on wednesday nights are a good time, free beer if you guess the coin flip always makes things better. The food is nothing special, typical american bar food.  And sometimes the service is slow no matter how busy the place is.   The best thing about faegan's is there extensive beer selection.  They have a god selection of imports and american microbrews on tap, with a good rotating selection of seasonal beers.   Overall a decent place to go for a beer.
Faegan's is the perfect bar to grab nachos and a beer before a SU basketball game.  The nachos, while an easy dish to prepare, are incredibly tasty here and feature a host of fresh ingredients.  It is also a great spot to meet with a few friends to wash away the work hours by picking from their large assortment of beers.  They have a great mix of popular and craft beers with modest prices for both of them. Parking can be a bit of a pain, and the bar will get very crowded as the night hours approach, but it's an enjoyable establishment even if you have to eat standing at the bar with your elbows locked into your sides.
My girlfriend and I were in Syracuse to watch them beat Duke... Despite the fact that the bar was slammed, we received excellent service from professional bartenders. We found a table ... I ordered food through the bar and the bartender even brought us nachos on the house. Awesome place... Rad bartenders.... Great bar food... If you can't be at the Dome, go to Faegans. Thanks guys for a memorable night.
Horrible Service. After ordering a round of drinks for my friends and asking for another to be added the bartender Matt decided to tell me i already ordered and that he was pissed off. I then said excuse me and he through all the beers in the trash can and asked me for the money. When i went to the manager his response was if you don't like it go to another bar. I will not be returning.
Great vibe, nice people, good drinks, and even better food.
Nice place for a glass of wine in the late afternoon on a crisp autumn day. It otherwise gets fratty at peak hours.
I've been to a few places to grab lunch around campus and this is probably the best, and you can get a beer too.  Nice Irish pub stuff and American bar favorites.
44 beers on tap! The fact that I  bar tended here for 3 years and met my wife and best man here, does make me a tad bias.  The only thing I can say bad about this place is they need to bring back The Jamaican Jerk Sandwich!
I sat by the bar and was ignored for 15 minutes. I ended up ordering the Kobe beef burger from the bar which turned out to be an over cooked pre-frozen patty. The staff seem to be college students watching the clock, waiting to leave. Bummer.
Quite possibly my favorite pub/cafe of all time.  A unique place for you to make memories  This is a coming of age pub for every SU senior to experience Senior Sundays. Love everything from start to end. The brown pumpernickel bread, Bass and many other great bear sellections, flip night, French onion soup, The Drunken Reuben, Angus sliders, salads&ice cream pies &carrot cake, All consistently satisfying.
Great selection of beers. Beer tour is really fun but, don't go on flip night unless pink shirted frat bros are your thing. The best bar on campus.
as a syracuse alum, faegan's was always the "holy grail" of bars among undergrads. under no circumstances could one get in underage, and with good reason - it was home to the law students, seniors and even professors. no place for the lowly freshmen and sophomores looking for $3 pitchers. among college bars, faegan's is simply unrivaled. to even classify it as a "college bar" is very unfair. yes, it's near a college campus. yes, they have specials catered toward the student crowd. however, the classification ceases to apply beyond that. one of the most impressive beer selections in the northeast, including many beers you'd find on any beer list (domestics, stella, guinness, etc.) as well as many relative obscurities (saranac, young's, capt. lawrence, etc.). and all for no more than $4 a pint. on flip night, they could be free. on thursday nights, most of them are $2. the food is definitely a cut above anything else you'll find on marshall street. while the menu may look fairly average on paper, the burgers and salads are excellent and certainly better than the other bars or constant revolving door of restaurants surrounding it. the lugar burger is highly recommended. perhaps the highest compliment that i can pay this place is that after 3 years of living in new york city and looking for a similar spot, i can conclusively say that faegan's is one of a kind, and reason enough to make the 4 1/2 hour trek twice a year. can't wait to go back!
I give it a 5-star on Wednesday aka Flip Night.  Nice selection of beer on tap for a college place - though the place is packed wall-to-wall. Food is good as well.  When the weather is nice you can eat outside.
What can I not say about this place? Great atmosphere, amazing people, fantastic beer! Probably one of those only places I know that has so many great events going on weekly. Flip night! Beer Tour! Senior Sundays! Place may seem overwhelming and crowded, but there is always a place  where you can relax and talk.
This near-campus student hangout is a favorite for SU students.  The great food and 40 different beers on tap alone make it stand out from the other fair on 'the hill.' Check it out on wednesdays for "Flip Night" for a chance to flip a quarter for a free beer.  The $3-5 cover is unavoidable some nights, but this place is worth the cover and the wait at the bar.
My favorite bar till now. I believe this is the best hangout spot to meet and greet new and old friends. Wednesday's flip nights are amazing. The bartenders are very friendly. There are occassional fights amongst students, but the DPS and the SU police are always around. Does get very crowded on wednesday nights. I m good friends with the bartender named Guy and another staff named Jeff. I have made many friends at this bar and have brought along many of them for drinks here. I have tried almost all the beer selections that they have here. They also operate a restaurant till 9 pm and the Nachos with salsa is my favorite.
Went here with a big group of 10 of us....we about filled up their huge table in the side room.  From apps to entres and drinks in the massive amount the service was great!  First time up here and won't be the last.
Great beer selection, but Old Mike is an asshole.
Best bar around campus.  Relaxed atmosphere (usually), great assortment of beers, pretty good specials.  Beer tour on Tuesdays will set you back over the semester, but hey, you get your name on the wall.
Pretty good food. Large selection of salads and sandwiches. It's a pub so pub food. I personally hate when food comes with potato chips I think it's cheap. Flip night is awesome. They have a huge selection of beer and great beer specials. Service sucks as expected. But overall a good place for lunch.
Best upperclassman/grad student bar on Syracuse campus-incredible selection of beers on tap and wide variety of foods at a decent price.
After su graduation we got right in.  Smoked turkey sandwich was excellent. White bean chilies was not hot in taste and full of white chicken.  Very good.  Waiters could have checked on table more often as I never got to order a second beer.  Did I say it was not busy!
Good bar, but mediocre-to-terrible food.  Go to drink, not to eat.
I was staying at the Sheraton two weeks ago and didn't want to walk far for dinner and a drink. We weren't expecting much but the food turned out to be really good. It was also very reasonably priced. I'm in Syracuse for work a lot and will definitely go back.
This place sucks. Flip night is the most overrated night in the history of Syracuse. The drink selection is their one saving grace, but the inept bar staff and boring crowd makes this place not fun. The food is decent but the placement of tvs is bad and the atmosphere is never great.
