I apologize Hill View for not yelping.  While working  downtown, I'd try to stop by for a quick lunch once a month or so.  I haven't been to the Hill Street in more than a year now, so we had to check it out again after seeing an event at the Times Union Center.  Thankfully, it was just as I remembered it.  Dimly lit bar area.  Larger dining room off to the side with plenty of lighting and TVs to watch from any angle.  The shared order of wings were crisp and delicious and din't last long.  All of our sandwiches (grilled chicken and reubens) were awesome.  So were the fries and cold drinks.  It's cheap, hot, delicious and filling.  Service was fine - there when you need them, absent when you have everything you need, back when your glasses are empty.  Go Hill View!
If we could get married here, I think my fiance would be all over that.   This place is awesome.  The atmosphere is your easy, comfortable dive bar and the bartenders have been and are still really nice.  We used to go here pretty frequently when we lived in Albany and when we visit, we try to stop in for drinks and/or food.   The food...yum...if you've never tried their pizza, you've gotta try it.  It is sooo good.  The sauce is magical...everything about the pizza is magical.  Their wings are also pretty good and their wraps and sandwiches are also on point.  Now, let's talk about their pasta salad.  Sometimes, I daydream about their pasta salad.  It's just right and year after year, the food is continuously good. Hill Street is near the Times Union Center and the Plaza.  If you are ever around the area, you should check it out.
Waitress took sudden dislike to my husband. Not sure why but waiter took over and experience got better. Pizza and bar snacks awesome.
Great neighborhood bar to hang out at in Albany!  They've got a good enough beer selection (and seem to feature Southern Tier, which means they're winners in my book!), some decent food, and a nice vibe.   I hung out here with my sister and her friend while we were home for the Holidays on a Sunday night (needed to get out of the house for a bit...), and we had a great time while watching football.  It wasn't too busy, and the bartender, Todd, did a great job taking care of us. I downed a lot of Southern Tier 2XMas (so glad that they had it!), and ordered the Cajun chicken sandwich to eat.  The chicken tasted pretty good and the fries were good quality. The music was a little loud at first for it not being too crowded, but Todd helped out and turned it down for us.  However, the autoplay on the Jukebox was doing a great mix of some indie and alternative (Metric, The Colourist, Grouplove, etc), which was an awesome change of pace from typical pop music or classic rock in bars. I'll definitely be back in the future when I'm visiting family again!
When my boyfriend and I moved 2 blocks down from hill street we had no idea we struck gold. I love everything about this bar from their amazing food to the football Sunday bucket deals. They always have great beer on tap that they change seasonally and even started selling growlers! You have got to try the pizza and the cajun burgers and the wings and the raspberry dipping sauce with the mozzarella sticks and the chili and the... I think you get the point ;)
I'm a real fan of this place.  The beer is always cold and the food always seems to taste really good.  The menu is good for a small neighborhood bar.  They do a few things really well and they don't shoot themselves in the foot by trying to make too many different types of dishes, but they still have a nice range of options.  The sandwiches have always been HUGE, righteously tasty and very reasonably priced.  I was surprised, but I even liked the pizza - and I almost never eat pizza from somewhere that isn't a pizza place.   I've had some great lunches there over the years, and some great Friday and Saturday nights, too.  I've never had a bad time at Hill Street.  I'd give it 5 stars if it were just a little cleaner & they brought back the pool table and got rid of the dart boards.
With an old yellow building with tinted glass windows, nothing remarkable decorating the exterior save a few neon beer signs, Hill Street Cafe gives the impression that  it is a dark, shady and rough place. Although the area has gotten worse over the years, Hill Street Cafe keeps getting better. Centrally located on the hill going up Madison Avenue in the heart of the Governor's Mansion district, Hill Street Cafe is my go-to spot for all things bar. There is nothing fancy about the pub. It's an old-school style place with a wooden bar and classic worn out bar stools.  There is a pool table in the back that has seen better days, and an electronic dart board.  In the front, an electronic juke box is always playing something interesting and the clientele at the bar changes by hour and day. A top lunch spot with a good proximity to downtown, state workers descend upon it at noon and again later for Happy Hour. Locals invade late night and on the weekends. The staff (bartenders, waitresses, cook- the line between each is blurry as they seem to do all things simultaneously) have been there as long as I have been coming (3 years now).  If they don't know you by name, they sure know you by face.  They seem happy enough to be working there and really work hard to make it a friendly local spot. With flat screen TVs and offering NFL ticket, Hill Street Cafe is a great sports bar and restaurant as well.  There is ample seating in the back with a full menu of consistently well-prepared bar grub: Burgers, Wings, Pizzas, Calzones, Hot and Cold Sandwiches, Wraps, Soup, Appetizers. The Reubens are piled high, the hot sandwiches are sloppy with tasty sauce, the burgers are thick and juicy, and the pizza and calzones are oozing with melted cheese.  With flat screens decorating the walls, you now have everything you need for Sunday football. The owner is a reputed Minnesota Vikings fan, so the bar attracts a loyal Albany Viking's fan following which can get quite rowdy (in an ethusiastic way) in the front during Sunday or Monday night games.  With meaty, crispy, and hot Buffalo wings, Hill Street also seems to attract a steady amount of loyal but all-but defeated Buffalo Bills fans like myself.  (They also have their garlicky "Hill Street Style" sauce which although unusual is quite tasty) For such a nondescript place, Hill Street has a surprisingly respectable tap including Lake Placid UBU, Ommegang Rare Vos, and Southern Tier X2 Pale Ale among the other usual suspects (Labatt, Sam October etc.). With good food and beer and great company, everything you want in a bar is offered at Hill Street Cafe, the quintessential neighborhood bar and hangout spot .
The Hill Street Cafe was the second stop of the second unofficial Albany wing crawl. I was here with a small group of Albany Yelpers.  I really like the neighborhood feel of this pub and our group took a seat at a large table on the other side of the bar area. The food menu offers typical pub fare such as wings, appetizers, salads, soups, chili, pizza, sandwiches, burgers, subs, wraps, and ciabattas. The prices are reasonable with most items under $10. We were here for drinks and wings only. Our bartender/waitress was very cool and had some interesting tattoos and a cool Mohawk and helped us choose some wings. As Daniel B. mentioned, I'm not a big fan of hot wings. I like to enjoy the taste of my wings and prefer sweet and savory wings-on each stop of the crawl, we also ordered savory wings in addition to hot wings. We ordered Hot Wings and the Hill Street Style Wings (garlic), which included carrot & celery sticks and bleu cheese dip. The wings were crispy outside (as requested) and meaty & juicy inside. The Hot Wings were not bad, a bit dry on the outside. The Hill Street Style Wings were a big hit, which had nice flavors to complement the meaty wings. Overall IMHO, the Hill Street Cafe was the best stop on the wing crawl and I'd definitely return! PARKING: There's a free off street parking lot across the street for Hill Street Cafe customers.
We went here for a late lunch/early dinner and the only customers were a few guys at the bar. We sat in the dining room and the bartender came around to take our order. She was around just enough but of course she couldn't be in both rooms at once. The chicken sandwich I got was so good. SOOOO much crispy bacon! I loved it. Steak fries were ok but I wish they had other fry options.
Stopped by for lunch on a road trip....So glad we did! Good beer selection, and the food was delicious. The roast beef panini was very good, and the hot turkey sandwich was unbelievably tasty. Loved the atmosphere, too.
Hoponius Union on tap.... free 24oz mug fills on birthday..... awesome.
Never had a bad meal here. Staff is always friendly. Great neighborhood bar. Highly recommend it.
I really love Hill Street. I used to live around the corner so I would drop in pretty regularly. They have a decent beer selection, with a good variety of craft brews on tap. They also have great food, usually served until 2am. The wings are great, the sandwiches and burgers are good (and come with piping hot steak fries), but the wraps and the amazing pasta salad that comes with it is where it's at. How has none of the other reviews mentioned the pasta salad yet? I don't usually like pasta salad, but I could easily eat a bucket of Hill Street pasta salad. It's so damn good. Wash it down with a couple cold brews and behold the wonder of Hill Street. I also second whoever said the jukebox plays a great selection of alternative and rock, and the friendliness of the bartenders.
Great pizza! All of the food I've had there has been really good. Chill place to hang out, have a drink, and watch football. Would absolutely recommend it to anyone.
Weird little neighborhood bar in one of the stranger cities I've ever been to. My travel buddy and I-- en route to a wedding in Vermont-- decided to make a stop in Albany to visit a few of his (vegan) friends. Needing some food of a little more substance than tofu and beans after four hours of driving and New York City traffic, we swung by Hill Street Cafe on Yelp's recommendation for solid late night eats in the area. Beer and liquor selection was sufficient-- although who's ever heard of a bar serving Mike's Hard Lemonade?!-- but the food menu is what truly shines. That is, Hill Street serves some really solid burgers. Well-seasoned, juicy (in spite of my proclivity toward charred-to-hockey-puck-status meat), and nicely garnished sliders are the star of the menu. The neighborhood pub also serves pulled pork, wings, pizza, salads, and a myriad of other sandwich options. Drinks are nice and strong; jukebox selections are often hilarious; parking is easy in a private lot across the street.
On my 30th birthday, I knew that the only place I really wanted to go in Albany was the Hill Street Café, my favorite bar here.  I was cursed with a terrible date of birth: August 26th.  The reason it's terrible is because school is inexplicably starting the next day or has just started.  It's tough being the only kid that has parents picking their kids up early from your party as they say, as if they were clever, 'it's a school day tomorrow!'  Oh yeah, well it's 6pm on my birthday and we haven't even gotten to cake yet! This theme continues in my life as I married a professor and all of our friends are all masters students/doctoral students/graduate students of some other degree/professors.  So my birthday was the first Monday of school. This birthday was going to be different because the Hill Street Café had my back, and so did my mum.  My mum made T-Shirts that said "My name is Steve, and today is my 30th birthday" and another for my wife that said "His name is Steve, and today is his 30th birthday".  The Hill Street Café didn't make me any shirts, but the lady behind the bar saw the shirts, laughed, and got me a birthday mug (it's practically a pitcher of beer). I love the Hill Street Café for a variety of reasons, I'll go at them from least impressive to most impressive.  The first is that they don't play noise just for the sake of having noise.  I don't hear well, and having lots of ambient noise reduces me to lip reading and/or nodding my head in an attempt to look like I know what's going on.  I don't get it, I'm not going to a bar so that I can listen to a crappy song on the radio, I'm there to have fun with my friends.  For those of you that can hear, more power to you.  I like the laid back atmosphere, the layout that sections off the different groups so the noisy birthday party doesn't have to worry about disturbing the folks watching the football game.  I'm a huge fan of their bar food, they've got buffalo wings, jalapeno poppers, and pizza down to a science.  You just gotta know that when they say 'spicy', they mean spicy for someone living in the MidWest, and mildly warm for anyone else...so go for the ultra spicy. So it's my 30th, and I just put out a notice that there's birthday beers at HillStreet.  You know what, folks came after their first long day of work because "there's always time for a relaxing trip to Hill Street."  Thanks Hill Street, you saved my birthday.
If it weren't from Ian W, Hill Street would be getting a lower review.   See, Ian W. isn't such a big fan of hot wings, so at each stop on the wing crawl, we tried a different alternative to hot wings.  At Hill Street, it was hard not to choose their signature wing, "Hill Street Style". Our most awesome waitress/bartender who had impressive tats and was either part or all mohawk (the people, not the hairdo) helped us decipher exactly what "Hill Street Style" meant.  It turns out to be garlic.  Makes sense. I *NEVER* thought I would be a fan of garlic wings.  Ever.  They just kind of sound nasty.  Maybe in a way they are.  But a great kind of nasty.  Because the "Hill Street Style" wings really stole the show of the entire crawl.  Crispy on the outside (note: we did specify crispy) and so juicy and meaty on the inside.  The sauce clung well to the wings, and was not overpowering, but it as there, and it was zesty. Sadly, the hot wings were very very disappointing.  Not just in comparison, but objectively so.  The sauce was pretty flavorless, and the wing exterior was quite dry.  It was almost as if the wing was fried with the sauce on it, and dumped on a plate without being tossed in sauce.  And oddly, the fry job did not seem as perfect on the hot wings as it did on the garlic wings. Regardless, when the wings were cooked, the chef brought them from the kitchen to our table piping hot.  I mean *really* hot.  I mean, I've never touched a chicken wing this hot in my life before, hot.  For food that has been fried, fast delivery to the table is essential.  That was awesome. But ONE great thing, and great service, and a great overall neighborhood vibe, and parking all add up to 4* in my book.  Really, more like 3.5* but this place has soul, and that counts for something.
This place has great food!! I had chicken breast with pesto on ciabatta bread. the price was good and so was the service. The atmosphere was good, kind of crowded because of a giant game, but other than that, great experience.
Hill St is wicked awesome!!!! Food is really good.  I have had many items on the menu and can't think of 1 thing to complain about. They have good sandwiches and great wings. Try the wings half hot sauce half hill st style. My wife will tell you their pizza is the best she has ever had. I definitely do not agree with her but it isn't bad. Good price on beers..$2 pbr cans if you are not picky. This is one of the best bars in Albany.
After a pretty lame first experience, this place redeemed itself.  Basic bar/pub food, kitchen is open late, lot of beers on tap, pool table, darts, and TVs galore. Had a burger and fries.  Bacon cheese burger (choice of cheeses), was cooked perfectly, and the fries were nice and crisp.  Onions rings and nachos were good too.   Free parking in their lot a little ways down on Madison on the other side of the street. Will have to try the pizza the next time!
Yelp brought us here on the way to the Adirondacks, now I'm returning Yelp the favor. It was pretty empty on a Friday night, which is just what we wanted. Not much noise, loud jukebox, few people playing pool, good beers, plenty of barman attention, and really excellent sliders - one order of angus beef, one order of pulled pork - yummy, cheap, available till late. Great stopover.
One of my favorite bars in Albany -- if not THE favorite. This place has a nice vibe, good food, nice beer selection, ample seating, AND a parking lot!
Nice place to hang out and look at the wait staff and bartender Amy. Have not been there in a while, Brian has left. He put together a great menu I hope the other cooks can keep up with it. Great place to be. ...P.S. what happened to Desiree?
This is a solid place with good pub fare. Their burgers are good; their wings are tasty; their fries are good, and the beer is...well, it's beer. The prices are fair too. All in all, what's not to like? I like that their burgers are not just your standard burgers. You can get a wide assortment of cheeses, bacon, mushrooms, sauteed onions, that sort of thing.
amazing pizza!! the best my fiance and I have had in years! the crust was perfectly crispy and the sauce was so delicious - reminiscent of growing up smelling sauce cooking on stove in my mom's kitchen. the cheese was smooth and melted beautifully.  I can't wait to go back for more!
this is a pretty good place to go hang with some friends and have a bite, play a game of pool or sit and watch the game (or ignore it as the case would be with me). they have a jukebox (the new electronic version) with good selections, a nice open area for playing pool and a dining area if you are just there for the food. the food is pretty good, they have fresh cut steak fries, the wings are good (not memorable in either a positive or negative way), the pizza is good and their sandwiches hot and cold are hearty and filling. they have some llamas on top of the tv in the front of the bar. i have always wondered about that and somehow never asked.
Really enjoyed this homy small-town bar. Would recommend the sliders!
loved this place. good food and beer, nice atmosphere. if I lived in Albany again, I'd be a regular.
Stopped in with a couple of my co-workers for pizza, wings, and beer. All were good to go. We ordered crispy Hill St. wings based on recommendations here on Yelp. Fantastic! Pizzas were also really good.
I LOVED placing my order for wings and being told by the bartender upon arriving at the prescribed time that my wings would not be ready for awhile because some orders got in front of them and I asked for them extra crispy... despite the fact that I ordered 30 minutes prior. When I asked the cook directly, after waiting an additional 15 minutes, he said he got the order when I walked in the door, showing me the time on the ticket and that the order was still not ready. When I asked the bartender about it she lied to my face saying she had placed the order, then quickly just offered me a refund.  So after 45 minutes, and after inconveniencing 6 of my friends by making them wait along with me...I left without my order. I will not be coming back.
