I've driven past the Dutch pot now for months  wanting to stop in. Finally I did.  It is a small casual place with three tables some stools looking over Madison Avenue and a couple of tables on the sidewalk out front.   I ordered the jerk chicken dinner including plantains and seasoned rice. It was on all counts outstanding.  The chicken was moist on the inside and well spiced on the outside. It fell off the bone.The Plaintain's fried to perfection and the seasoned rice a perfect complement.  There was an interesting spicy gravy to pour over the rice as well. Yum!  I mentioned that I was curious about the ox tail stew and the proprietor brought a sample. Another spectacular dish. The consistency of the stew as well as the seasoning perfect.  Such interesting flavors.  I am looking forward to exploring the menu. My only regret is that I did not stop in sooner. Albany keeps surprising pleasantly.
Swung in on my way to Maine, had the jerk chicken, rice and plantains. Amazing!!! Had great service, and quick in the kitchen.  Definitely a stop if you're in the area.
I was recommended this restaurant by the self-proclaimed Mayor of Lark Street, while strolling around on a beautiful evening.  Following his advice I ordered a Jerk Chicken dinner from the incredibly kind man behind the counter who I presume to be the owner.  Rather than the expected styrofoam box, the food was beautifully presented on a large square plate and came with a whole pitcher of ice water for my table of one.  As promised, the food was incredible.  Three large pieces of bone-in, skin-on chicken were accompanied by a large pile of rice and beans along with creatively seasoned baked Mac and cheese.    Sauce came on the side, but was so delicious I used every drop.  This place is an easy to miss gem that just happens to be quite affordable.
Not much to look at on the outside but this 4-table gem serves up some authentic Jamaican food that's so rich with flavor that I'm still full hours later, and I only had 1/3 of my "large" curried goat plate! Watch out- it's a little (aka a lotta) bit spicy! If you're smart, you'll order the plaintains on the side- because... I'm still salivating and need to walk it off...
Ever time I have ever gone to this restaurant there has been nothing but problems. I try and support local businesses by spending my money in the community but this restaurant has let me know the  are not interested in my money. So I will spend it elsewhere. I gave them one star only because my husbands food was well prepared. He had the jerk chicken with a spoonful of rice and peas. My food on the other hand is another story. After driving past 4 or 5 other Jamaican restaurants to get to this one and having to wait over 40 minutes to get my food there is no way I can let them slide for charging me $10 for some left overs they took out their freezer reheated and gave to me with a smile and apologies for the wait. I ordered the oxtails and rice peas. The guy behind the counter told me let me check if we have some. I thought he was going to the kitchen to check but he actually started digging around in a freezer behind the counter then he came back and told me that they did have oxtails. What I didn't realize that it was probably the oxtails I ordered. I am of West Indian descent so I was not pleased to get home to find the oxtail tough, the gravy so black and thick that I know it has been reheated and frozen several times. And they really felt ok with serving people that tasteless trash. And had the nerve to smile. I have been to this restaurant on 2 other occasions and they never have anything ready. You always have to wait. Good things do not always come to those who wait. I have also been here and ordered a large curry chicken and they did not have enough to chicken for a large. I should have known something up when the lady who identified herself as the owner made a strange face. What she did was  give me a pan of rice and gravy. Gravy from the bottom of the pan that had all the sediment from the seasonings they used. I blame myself was strike #3 and should have been the last. But seeing it had been a year since I had gone there I decided to give them a try. I was disappointed. I am done. Thanks to the person who answered the phone and said he will call me back and never did. I hope you got yourself something nice with my $10.00. Your food is in the trash where it belongs.
The Dutch Pot worked with us to order food for the cocktail portion of our wedding reception. The service  and food were top notch! Delivery was a breeze and all of the guests were raving about the food. We will be back often!
Friendly and fun little restaurant with really solid and delicious Jamaican food.  I ordered a large meat plate and chose jerk chicken.  It comes with rice and a side.  I didn't want rice and ordered fried plantains and baby spinach.  They chose not to charge me for an extra side, which was a very nice thing to do and I really appreciate the gesture.   There's a few tables inside and a couple more outside.  It's pretty cozy and there were a few people there to order to go.  Everyone was really helpful in describing the sides to me and they served us at our table and even asked us if we wanted a glass of water.  This isn't a full service restaurant so this was surprising and they really did care what we thought of the food and our experience there. I really like the baby spinach, sautéed with some garlic and bell peppers, herbs and spices, it was delicious.  The fried plantains were perfectly cooked.  The chicken was blackened pretty good.  I had this in Jamaica and it comes similarly blackened in places I went.  I have had jerk that wasn't black though so am wondering if it has to be so.  It's not really all that good for you and even though I love that charcoal flavor am thinking you could make it short of charing it and still have it be completely wonderful.  The chicken was tasty, tender and the flavors permeated the meat past the skin so I guess you could just peal it away if you thought it too aggressive.   They serve many meats and I would be tempted to come back and try another.  The food here is very good and very fairly priced and I am definitely rooting for these people to make it there.
I feel an update is due as my earlier review is incorrect - there is a Dutch Pot after all. We came back to the Dutch Pot to get a picnic of delicious Jamaican food to go in order to bring to the Plaza and eat while watching the sun go down. The Jerk Chicken is amazing - perfectly grilled and spicy; the curried goat even spicier. Although the macaroni and cheese was not good, the sides of plantains, vegetable medley, and sweet potato fries all succeeded. The service is very welcoming as well. The Dutch Pot made for an ideal summer evening meal. And let us not forgot the oxtail gravy on the rice and peas!
I guess I'm the odd one out on this one :shrugs: The reviews on here describe how "authentic" tasting the food is here, and if that's the case, I guess I won't be vacationing in Jamaica anytime soon. The jerk chicken was so DRY, and had a weird, burnt taste to it. I asked for gravy on my white rice and got maybeeee a tablespoon at most. My boyfriend had the rice and peas, stewed chicken, plantain and hated his meal even more than I did. The plantains were burned black (see picture) and I tasted his chicken, FLAVORLESS! We are of Carribean descent so maybe we have standards higher than most..But there is no excuse for both to-go plates to be half full at best, such slow service and to forget to give us add an item we ordered to go. SERIOUSLY disappointed! Head to Roy's. TWICE the amount of better tasting food for less!
Awesome food. The sweet potato fries and the jerk chicken and the rice were all awesome. Just FYI the big plate is decently big and microwaving it doesn't give the same taste as when its fresh. The workers there were really chill. Parking was kinda hard for me just because that was the first time. I had to wall like 5 min.
Oooh, the food is really good.  Prepared with love.  I really enjoyed the jerk chicken, rice and peas, and side of cabbage.  This restaurant participates in the NYS Vendor program and sells lunches at the NYS office campus, bought lunch from them today and really enjoyed the food.  Mmmm. Yummy.
Meh, Food was okay, the big salad it came with a couple drops of dressing on it, and it took 5 minutes to flag them down to get some more. The guy behind the counter was banging chicken around so loud we couldn't have a conversation. SUPER SLOW SERVICE. took 45 minutes to get our food. But the taste of the food is good, and the people are nice when you can understand them through their accents.
Good food, great prices!!! Service could be a Lil bit faster tho.  I order the Veggie dinner which was rice n peas& cabbage-good, but rice didn't seem hot enough, and cabbage a Lil harder than I like it. Sweet potato fries tasted fresh, n not greasy at all. I ordered fried plantains, spot on...&sweet!!! Mac&chz was good&spicy! I ordered a rasta man wrap, which I didn't even get to taste yet...& a ginger beer soda( too much sugar, LOL) all this was $20, can't beat it!!! Ordered more plantains and meat patties for home, they didn't have the veggie patties for me :-( The young lady working was very sweet, n pleasant! She was the only one working, & with the steady flow of customers, I think she cuda used a second set of hands. Not a big restaurant at all, a few small tables, & a nook by window, and she put tables outside. Overall, I loved the food, and would eat here again!(5/14/13)
Amazingly spiced and the upmost quality. Huge portions and reasonably priced. Parking is odd but that has no bearing on the food at all. I would walk uphill in 10 feet of snow to get this Curried Goat!
Having been to Jamaica and having eaten there, I believe I can offer my opinion that this is a very authentic Jamaican restaurant and food. It was delicious, inexpensive, quality, great service and a very chic and intimate setting.
This is sooo good. The food is very authentic and everything I've had is absolutely delicious. Probably one of the best take-out places in Albany! Try the coconut shrimp, you won't be disappointed.
My fella and I stopped by for a quick lunch this afternoon. I got the Jerk Chicken Wrap and he got the Flaming Chicken Wrap. Each came with a generous portion of sweet potato fries and a sweet spicy sauce that was so delicious I fully believe it could be the basis for world peace. The wraps were bursting with chicken and a great value. I could only finish half of mine. They were also bursting with spice in a fantastic way - heat and flavor combined to create a magic lunch baby.  The owner is courteous and obviously talented. So, if you're a little spice wary, just give her a heads up with your order. I'm sure she'd adjust it accordingly. Needless to say, we're going to be back. I'd love to try to Coconut Shrimp or the Ackee and Salt Fish plate on a future trip. They do offer carry out, which is a nice touch. They're also open until 11 p.m. - the perfect late meal pause for a night out on Lark Street.
Very yummy tender jerk chicken that left lips slightly burning. Curried chicken got an excellent review from my friend as well. The woman chopping the chicken into pieces was out of the hard bread and plantains, but we'll be back to try again and watch her cleavering skills, which were intense!
This place is amazing! I went with my boyfriend; I ordered a simple jerk chicken only with water while he got the large plate with curried goat and side vegetables, as well as a drink called "Peanut Punch." The Peanut Punch was a little too thick and sickly sweet, but it did offer some relief for the spiciness of the main dishes. They also have a variety of other Jamaican drinks as well as standard fare. If you love spicy foods like I do, you definitely need to come here. Like, yesterday. Everything is throughly (but not overly) seasoned and flavored - even the vegetable medley, usually a boring side dish, had completely unexpected and delightful flavors. The brown rice that I expected to be served relatively plain, as it is at most establishments? Probably the most flavorful rice I've ever eaten. I couldn't get enough of it. The jerk chicken was perfect - perfectly cooked and seasoned. The spiciness did not disappoint. One problem I've always had with spicy foods is too often hot flavors are used to obscure a lack of flavor and complimentary seasonings. That's not the case here. Every dish, while hot, had its own unique, complimentary undertones. The jerk chicken was served with something called "Jamaican Hard Dough Bread," so I was expecting something like a sourdough roll, but was surprised with something almost cakelike. A thick hunk of slightly sweet bread with a thick, doughy center that perfectly complimented the spiciness of the jerk chicken. My one warning is that some dishes aren't for the faint of heart. You REALLY have to like spicy foods (though I'm sure they have other offerings!) the curried goat, while delicious, was a little much even for me! But again, I could tell it was superbly seasoned beneath the overwhelming heat. It had its own deep, earthy flavor, distinct from everything else we sampled. I wish I could have tried more of it. This is a fantastic establishment, and I look forward to seeing it succeed among foodies in the area. It's truly one of those "hidden gems" in Albany.
Tried the sweet potato fries with bbq jerk sauce and spinach wrap. The fries were crispy and the sauce had the perfect amount of kick to it for me. The spinach wrap was stuffed with fresh spinach and had great flavor. Will go again!
We had to get out of Queens for a weekend and visit Albany and then continue on up state. We had no idea where to eat. There were some up scale restaurants that we found on Yelp, but we just couldn't pick one to have a nice Friday night dinner at. This place kept coming up on top and we kept finding random posts about how awesome it was. But we thought we were looking for something more sit down. Finally we gave up and decided to stick with the food here that people seem to rave about - picked up a bottle of wine at the store, went here and got take out, and took them back to our hotel. Awesome meal. We had the Jerk Chicken and Shrimp Curry. Really, really good food. The only down side was that there were only two people working in the shop, and while the gentleman at the counter was really nice and helpful, when they get busy, you'll need to wait. The food is prepared fresh. Not that that's a bad thing at all, but something to consider if you want to grab something in a hurry. If I'm in Albany again, I will definitely eat here.
Yummy, good portions and good bang for your buck. Small place with three tables. I'll be back.
One word describes this place: DELICIOUS! This is Albany's hidden gem. During my one week stay in Albany, i've already been to this place twice and I have enjoyed every bite! I highly recommend this place!!
Went for lunch & ordered the Jerk chicken wrap and loved every spicy delicious mouthful.  Fresh soft tortilla, onions, greens, and peppers served juicy and hot. Served with a side of fries that were good but nothing to crow about.  Can't wait to come back and try the regular Jerk Chicken.  Woman @ the register was very welcoming and friendly.
The OXTAILS were absolutely delicious.  Carried it home, 40 minute drive, and had to reheat of course.  True test.  Service was welcoming.  The young man really had patience with my indecisiveness.  Will be back again to dine in.  It's too good to carry home. :)
Dutch Pot has by far the best jerk chicken around.  We have been frequent restaurant visitors in the Capital Region for many years - this in now among our top 5 local eateries.  Authentic and delicious Jamaican food prepared by smart and interesting Jamaican owner just off Lark Street on Madison Ave.  We have eaten here many times now and everything is richly flavorful, fresh and delicious.  They just got approval to put a couple of tables out front to complement the few inside.  Most customers come in for takeout.  Highly recommended.
I stopped by the restaurant en route from Montreal after finding the restaurant via Yelp. I ordered the small plate with jerk chicken, rice and peas, and spicy veggie medley for $8.99. I got an additional "meat" (coconut shrimp) for $3.49. My hubby ordered the large plate with jerk chicken, rice and peas, and mac and cheese for $10.99. We both had leftovers to take home, so it's definitely good value. They have a lunch special as well for $6.99. They know their spices at the dutch pot. The spices tasted very authentic. Even the veggies were spicy, which I didn't expect. It would be good if the restaurant could make note of which dishes are spicy on the menu.  The mac and cheese was very flavorful. I've never had Jamaican mac and cheese before. The chicken had nice jerk flavoring, but was a little on the dry side. The gravy served with the rice and peas was really good. The rice was a little on the cold side.  The Jamaican hot sauce was spicy! The restaurant is small with only about 3 small tables and some stools inside and 2 tables outside. It looks like they keep it clean. The owner/staff were nice. The restaurant has been open for about one year. Hopefully they will still be open if we ever pass through again.
This place fits Albany like Roseanne Barr fits a Pilates studio.  It's breezy and Bahamian and the owner is like sunshine.  From what I understand, that's hard to come by 8 months a year. I must admit that I only sampled the Jerk Chicken, but when you have the best of the best, you give it the full ride.   I was so smitten I asked the owner to see her spices, and she showed them right away.  Jerk the way it should be.  Real scotch bonnet peppers and a mash of herbs and all spice berries; not a grind of pumice and powder and dust and whatever else might fall out of or into a dutchie in the alley.
Absolutely the best Jamaican food I've had outside of Jamaica.  The owner is from Kingston and she's very friendly.  I had the large plate of jerk chicken, peas and rice, and fried plantains with a bottle of Kola Champagne to wash it down with.  The portion size is a good value for the money.
Ordered oxtails, rice & peas, cabbage, and plantains. The rice & peas and plantains were delicious, but obviously the main reason I stopped by was for the oxtails. I'm not sure what to say about them... After waiting for 25 minutes I was a little disappointed. The oxtails were in a browned gravy or something that is definitely not the traditional way to cook Jamaican style oxtails. I'm sure I'll go there again, but I won't be ordering oxtails. Oh and the cabbage was undercooked.
Hands down the best Jamaican cuisine in Albany. Light years beyond Roy's near downtown. The Dutch Pot is great food and great ambiance. Very glad I discovered it on my trip to Albany.
Excellent, heaping mounds of tasty and spicy jerk, stewed or curried chicken or pork piled on top of rice and peas and absolutely great mac and cheese! It's a tiny hole in the wall place that mostly does take out, but the folks there are very nice and the prices are real bargains.
I did takeout of Jerk Chicken, Rice & Peas and Plantains. The food was excellent and I will go back. Here is a link that includes the menu: blog.timesunion.com/tabl…
I stopped in for the first time and ordered a jerk chicken lunch special. I have limited time for lunch and figured a lunch special would be quick. I waited for over 20 minutes for the chicken, rice and plantains. I would not have minded if the chicken was cooked to order and was fresh. I waited over 20 minutes for somewhat dry chicken that tasted like leftovers..unsure how it was reheated. The plantains were good and the rice was OK. Overall I ate all the food and the price was good. After reading the other positive reviews I plan to give them another chance and hope to come back with 5 stars here.
I had the jerk chicken, fried plantains, and rice & beans lunch plate.  It was very good.  Having been to Jamaica several times I can say that it does have a very authentic taste.  The chicken was a little dry but not too bad.  The service was friendly and the restaurant was clean comfortable and inviting.  I will go back.
This is the type of place you really want and hope succeeds, and stays in business over the long run. The food is consistently good, and you can tell that the operator prepares everything and puts a lot of effort into it. The only problem is that there is not the staff needed to turn around orders quickly when things get busy, which can be a real problem for those who have a limited lunch break. If you call ahead, you will be pleased. The curry chicken dinner is a winner! The food is four stars, service is three.
Love the flaming chicken
