Good little restaurant, great beer selection, small menu (which I view as a good quality). We ordered the beef tongue, polenta, and meat pizza. Beef tongue was extremely tender, absolutely delicious. Polenta was creamy, very well done. The pizza crust was amazing, so good that I ate it backwards (crust first) for the 2nd slice. Good beer and alcohol selection too! Highly recommended.
I've been here twice and very underwhelmed. Had the burger the first time. The meat was decent but the bun fell apart way too easily making the effort it took to eat it overtake my enjoyment of the ingredients. We were given a gift certificate from people that know how much we love to eat so we decided to give it a second chance. I chose the gnocchi as a safe bet. I love gnocchi. These were by far the least enjoyable gnocchi I've ever had. They were chewy logs of dough that sat in my stomach for close to a decade. And it's not a cheap meal. It's got a cool ambience to it and it seemed like a pretty decent beer selection. I could see why it might get over with hipsters. But to me, this wasn't a place to go if you like well made food.
If one could deem only one place in all of Albany a hipster place, it'd be this one. If you're a hipster with a wad of cash to burn on your hipster status, go to Capital City Gastropub. You and the staff can take hipster selfies together and I bet they'd be post-worthy. The $12 vegetarian poutine was super delicious and had real cheese curds on top. However, that price is too high on something that's as plentiful and cheap in Canada as cheese fries are in America. $9. That's what I'd pay for that on a regular basis. I'd feel like I were overpaying for it, but I'd go back for it. $12 is too much for fancy fries even though they were very good. The pizza ($14) had the saltiest of sauces ever. My friend referred to it as "taking a bite out of the ocean." They remade the pizza for us without adding salt, but the super saltiness was already in the sauce. It was only marginally better the second time. Not good. $15 for a burger or $14 for a mushroom? I was in Saratoga at The Merry Monk. That's just as nice of a place. The burgers are 3/4 pound and cheaper than that. So are the very good veggie burgers there. Saratoga! Cheaper! The seats and tables seemed odd. I'm not sure I can describe it much better than that. The staff members were nice. Expensive. Hipster-pretentious. Blah.
I was out with a buddy on a Friday night. We were in Albany and wanted a bite to eat. We headed to CCG. We arrived at 9:55. The sign in the window says the kitchen closes at 10. I told the host we'd go elsewhere but he insisted it was ok, and to come in and get something to eat. We ordered a pizza, it was very good and we stuffed our faces. CCG gets a bonus star for the service and extra trouble they went to, to serve us after the kitchen was technically closed.
Burgers are overpriced and just OK (for $15 is expect something amazing, ammi right folks!?). Their pizzas are very good, however, so that redeemed the rating. Good cocktails.
Capital City Gastropub has set a high standard for themselves in putting the word 'gastropub' in their name. Do they live up to it? I don't think so. Let's start with the positives: the beer selection is solid, and the prices are more than fair. If you only want to drink, I'd stop in here without hesitation. While there are other bars in Albany with bigger tap lists or more international brews, they run a little higher in prices. The outdoor seating is nice, too. The rest of it, unfortunately, is not so positive. The dining room is a little weird. There's a bar with a few tables in front of it, and a kitchen to the side which you can see straight into. That wouldn't be so much of a problem if the lighting in the dining room weren't so dark and in the kitchen so bright. It's distracting, and it makes the place feel like a short-order diner. The noise level is high, too. The floors are concrete and there's nothing on the walls to absorb sound, so everything rings. You can hear every word of the conversation going on two tables away. The benches are also lower than you think--my companion fell into her seat while sitting down. Now, the food. Here's where it all falls down. The menu has problems, starting with the fact that many of the appetizers cost almost as much as the entrées. People have said, "the portions are big." Okay, then make them mains, not apps. I'm not keen on paying as much for my starter as I do for my main. I ordered the black bean burger. I'm not vegetarian, I just like bean burgers sometimes. The menu says it comes with honey mustard sauce, but I couldn't find a trace of it. And it was too expensive. Want anything on your burger? $$. A fried egg is $2. Really? A 30 cent egg on the griddle for 2 minutes is $2? Any cheese is $2. Want ketchup? Too bad. So if you want a cheeseburger with a fried egg, cheese, and bacon, it's $22. Think about that. My favorite gastropub of all time, Angel's Trumpet in Phoenix, AZ--a place with a 31-beer tap list and the best pub food I've ever had--has that burger for $16. It's killer. What do you get for your money here? A flavorless, gummy lump. I don't know what the bean burger is wrapped in, but it's startlingly gelatinous and similar to the wrapping they put around mochi ice cream. As soon as I peeled off the weird casing, the burger was ten times better. The fries were a little overdone, and while mine came pleasantly salted, my companion's were not at all. Speaking of my companion, her fish cake burger was cooked well, but came without lemon or vinegar. As Capital City Pub, with a few appetizers, this place would get 4 stars. As Capital City Gastropub, with a full menu, they get 2. It's not without hope. I feel strongly that with a new chef, the menu could be saved. But the current menu seems like it's being done by line cooks with high aspirations, and they're not hitting the mark.
Holy Hype. Capital City Gastropub no longer comes close to making the best burger. Since the new management a little while ago, things have changed, for the worse unfortunately. Inattentive/Indifferent line cooks? Cheaper ingredients? Less love? I can only surmise as to why this is, but the burger is a mere shadow of what it once was. Is there too much aioli, is it too greasy - whatever the reason, the burger just falls apart into an unappetizing mess in your hands. The accompaniments: The fries, the  homemade ketchup, even the various toppings like caramelized onions, pickles, and hot sauce  - all don't taste the same. Also, Gastropub used to offer a pretty decent happy hour with a few bucks off selected drafts -but this seems to have disappeared. On my most recent visit, only a cider was available for their advertised "happy hour" price. That's not too "Happy". Even though it is in my neighborhood, there are a lot better (and cheaper) places to have food and drink in the city, so I don't see myself frequenting Gastropub too much anymore. It's a damn shame too.  I was rooting for this place.   Hopefully, I can be persuaded to come back because as of right now, the only change that has been an improvement is the new entrance sign.
The real rub is that these guys seem like cooks not chefs. Polenta, burgers, and pizza....and you call this a Gastopub? Go to Montreal for a weekend and learn something... 15 dollars for a pretty ordinary grassfed hamburger (extras on it push it to 20). The beer is good as is selection but @ near Midtown Tap and Tea prices (another place with a severe price-product mismatch). It's a neighborhood pub...but calling it a Gastopub is just silly. You need some warmth and not something with cement floors.  Not to mention the miserable LONG ISLAND bartender and his cohort (who was actually helping himself to a beer out of the tap in front of customers). This place is essentially a pseudo sophisticated trick to patrons who see the exterior and probably dont know any better. Quite sad what's really happening to this place.
Been here several times one of our favorite places great beer selection and food is always beyond expectations and the desert may be even better a must in the capital region
So, this place was pretty good. Here's a breakdown: The beers and service were awesome! I did the flight (great price!) and my date got the happy hour draft special (another great deal!). The food was the OH-K part. I  got the Mussels w/ frites. The mussels were in a very runny liquid/liquor/runny sauce that I really didn't like the flavor of. I think it was the mushrooms in it and whatever wine they used to make the sauce. The french fries, instead of being presented separate were on the same plate, soaking up all this not-so-great liquid instead of staying nice and crunchy to complement the gooey mussels. I was so unimpressed I heard the guy next to me at the communal table thinking about ordering them and I almost told him to save his money.  I wish I got the burger. Bad choice on my part. My date got the carbonara, he said it was pretty good. He's not as picky as me though. I would try it again with different food choices. I would go back for more beer for sure. The people that worked their were attentive and friendly. One last side note, on a Tuesday night, it was pretty crowded and there was lots of very small children there. I was surprised, because the food is kind of pricey and sort of fancy. Since it is a little "louder" in there I then understood why people brought their kids there. Even if your child had a fit no one would really hear them, the "white noise" kind of drowns out anyone's conversation not near you. Kind of genius.
I love this spot. Food: The menu changes up pretty frequently, which is always nice. I like how the menu has a classic vibe but the spins on the classics are pretty inventive and always really delicious. The ingredients on the menu are well sourced, often working with local farms for grass fed beef, local cheese, and seasonal veggies, which is a big plus.  I love the cocktails, and the wine and beer list are wonderful. Faves: Burger, any seasonal appetizer, the Albany Sour cocktail and the carrot cake. Vibe/Decor: I'm not going to lie, when they first opened it wasn't much to look at, but recently they've clearly done some major changes or the better, like raising the ceilings, smoothing out the textured walls, putting in new floors and adding really nice lighting fixtures . It looks so much better. The outdoor seating and open kitchen are nice, too. I'm grateful for this place, Albany needs more spots like this, where the the food, drinks and vibe are all spot-on, modern and changing up when needed. My ONLY gripe is that they're not downtown! :) Second location, guys?
I live in the area and I go here about once a week, mainly for the happy hour weekdays from 5-7. It's pretty nice stopping in for a $3 beer - but they used to have several happy hour selections, and now it's down to one but still not a bad deal. Beer selection is always excellent, only craft and rotates weekly. The food is pretty good, nothing that really stands out however, and it would be fine if it weren't for the fact it is obscenely overpriced. The burgers aren't bad, but nothing worth writing home about - except for the fact they are $20. Yes, thats right, if you want a burger ($15) with bacon ($3) and Cheese ($2), it's twenty bucks. It even costs extra for onions and mushrooms! The burgers are fairly small for the price, I was easily able to demolish the entire plate including fries easily. Poutine is a go-to, and all the pizzas are great since the joint used to be a pizza place and has some serious pizza ovens. The biggest caveat is the noise - it's extremely loud in there. I can barely hold a conversation with the person sitting next to me. During the recent renovation they removed the ceiling tiles which also removed any form of sound deadening. Overall a fun place to stop by, but a few marks keep it from being stellar. Put in some new ceilings and make the $20 burgers $10 or less and you have a real winner. 3/5
Adults: come here to have a good time. The draught list is well curated and rotates frequently, something I prefer to a long line of beers that never move. Drink prices are quite fair. Music is subdued. Yes there's a TV so you can check the score but it is non-obtrusive. The rest of the ambiance is similarly tasteful, and I especially love the consigned artwork they display. The patio during the summer is a lovely space. The staff are real people with valuable opinions who do their job well. The menu has three staples: the pizza, which is the new gold standard for Albany pizza and I'd put it on a similar level as Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, the poutine, which is pure ambrosia, and the burger, which is on the small side but cooked well and served on a brioche roll. You can't go wrong with these. The rest of the menu changes very frequently and is limited: you won't be bogged down with a thousand choices but you might also find yourself gravitating back to burger or pizza at times. Options will be somewhat adventurous, locavore oriented and health conscious. I say somewhat because there isn't a prevailing food culture or politic being sold by CCG other than "let's try pretty hard and have some fun making real food." It seems to me if the chef has a cool idea, or gets his hands on some interesting ingredient, that's going to wind up on the menu and they're not going to obsess over offering every boring staple of pub cuisine. You can usually get a nice vege appetizer, like the fried brussels with horseradish or some roasted beets. One winner is the fried chicken, which was the best I've had in my life and is often served with collards. Lots of places try too hard and get a lot wrong as a side effect. Gastro does just enough, and gets it right. That's very satisfying.
Went basically because we had a gift certificate.  I had the foie gras poutine and companions had burgers. The burgers were good, not great, although they give you a variety of expensive interesting toppings to put onto what is already an expensive burger.  The poutine was yummy, but still a little disappointing. The only other time I've had foie gras, it was seared, and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever had.  Here it seems like it's cooked in the gravy, so it was a little formless, just alright.  Definitely not an ideal preparation for such a renowned, and controversial, ingredient.  The poutine itself was very good, but  the gravy was very salty. In fact, everything was pretty salty. Awesome beer selection, I will give them that, and reasonably priced, which is surprising considering how much everything else costs.  For me, this is a four star restaurant knocked down to three because of the prices.
What a cool place. I love beer, and the selection here is just the right size, with a good mix of styles, from spiced ales to intense IPAs. I sat at the bar, which was covered with keg toppers; for those that don't know what this is, it's the label that goes on the top of kegs. They come in different sizes and resemble vinyl record labels. There was an eclectic mix of these laminated on the bar. It was very cool. For dinner I ate the pork chops with a side of greens. As a Southerner, I'm very picky about my greens. And pork chops. This was easily the best pork chop I've had in a restaurant, and the greens were perfect. It was a layered plate: beans, greens, pork chop, then an over-medium egg on top of everything. If I have any complaint at all it's that the egg would have been better over-easy; but that is so minor a point it's not worth a star on the review. Because this food was awesome. The staff was attentive and talkative, but not to the extent it distracted them from their jobs.
"Yay! I'm a fan" is right!  We started out with a cheese pizza, which was very tasty and the crust was cooked perfectly, nice and crisp.  The table next to us was eating the kale/meat pizza, which also looked delicious.   For dinner, I ate the spectacular homemade veggie burger, one of the smokiest and heartiest I've ever tasted.  And the ketchup was HOMEMADE!  No HFCS, woo!  Though the menu boasted an expensive burger from Tilldale farm, my boyfriend ordered one and wasn't incredibly impressed for the price, I think it was topped with a bit too much aioli.  (Nothing wrong with eating a pizza and a burger in one sitting....) There were many other interesting menu items, many of them made in house, including the bacon!  My boyfriend wasn't a huge fan because it was full of hipsters and he doesn't care where the meat comes from like I do, but I would DEFINITELY return!
The only thing holding my earlier reviews to 4 stars was the interior / decor - and they certainly fixed that with the thorough renovations.  Really nice inside now although pretty loud. The permanent stars of the menu are the pizzas and the burger.  The pizzas are thin crisp crust with excellent quality ingredients.  It is a great value also if you don't want to spend entree prices for dinner.  The burger has been called one of the best if not the best in the Albany area by many bloggers and it is.  The grass fed beef is the star here, perfectly cooked at rare or MR if you want it that way (and you do).  House made pickles have the perfect tang  to offset the beef, and the bun is excellent. I often try the new and creative things on the regularly changing menu and am usually impressed.  Really worthy of the name gastropub with its varied and creative menu items and quality of the ingredients and cooking.  A lot of people love the Poutine, but that hasn't done anything for me when I tried it. The beer is the draw here for many, and as a beer geek I am impressed that they consistently have a variety of beers on tap that I have never had before including some that are absolutely world class.  I always find some that I want to try and the flights are great when you want to try a few. The wine list is also impressive and a real surprise here are the cocktails.  They are made with muddled fruit as appropriate and they have special custom ingredients for many including brandied cherries for your Manhattan or Old Fashioned and house made bitters. This is my go to place in Albany.  I go with friends and I often go alone and eat at the bar if I my wife tells me I am on my own for dinner that night.  It is friendly at the bar and it is a rare night that I don't end up talking to multiple people I haven't met before.
A return trip to the Gastropub confirms what I believe must still be a secret.  If you arrive before 6 pm you have a very good chance of being seated right away.  Our 5:30 arrival found only one other table occupied.  By 6 o'clock people were standing at the bar waiting for a table. For this visit we wanted to try things we hadn't tried previously and also some things that we'd heard others speak highly of.  While reviewing the menu we ordered a Left Hand Sawtooth Ale ($5/16 oz) and a Troegenator Double Bock ($5/16 oz).  Both were full of great flavors and prepared us for what was to come. So many people have been raving about the Wagyu Beef Chicago Dogs.  How good can a hot dog be?  I've always enjoyed the famous Hot Dog Charlie's ever since I was introduced to them as a kid, but it was always the toppings that really made the difference.  I've tried hot dogs made from turkey, chicken, all beef, pork, beef and pork, and maybe even made from animals or plants that I wasn't aware of, and the hot dogs by themselves were just meh!  Now I'm looking to find out where I can buy these for home.  They are delicious!  Add a nice fresh bun with poppy seeds, top with rocket peppers (we didn't find them hot as warned, but sweet and flavorful), chopped tomato and onion relish, and a spear of dill pickle ($11 for two) and you've got a real hit on your hands. The Fried Brussel Sprouts ($7) with grana padano, lemon and Maldon sea salt could be habit forming. Beware!  They go great with beer.  And while I'm at it I'd like to point out that the beers are served at just the right temperature so the flavors come through from the first sip. Continuing with small plates, we next ordered the Tamales ($10) - mixed mushroom duxelles, onion marmalade and Rothkase buttermilk blue cheese.  Really nice corn flavor to the masa, and the onion marmalade offset some dryness of the tamale... as did the beer.  The Charcuterie ($16) listed five specific items - duck liver mousse, coppa, abruzzi, guanciale, and lardo.  In addition to some whole grain mustard and goose berries, the kitchen also included two items that the wait-staff were even unaware of - lomo(?) sausage (we think that's what our waiter said) with a delicious smoky flavor and shredded pork roulette(?) - kind of like a pork salad. This called for another round of beers.  While my wife stayed with the Sawtooth, I tried the Firestone Walker Robust Porter ($6/16 oz).  Excellent, smooth brew with flavors of espresso, caramel, and chocolate. It was now time to order some Frites ($8) with the house-made catsup and Maldon sea salt.  By ordering them at the end, we were sure to be able to concentrate on them while they were nice and hot.  I've never had home-made catsup before so I can only tell you that it was good and did not taste like store bought catsup.  The frites were excellent, better and hotter than the ones served at The Merry Monk.  They also went well with the last of the charcuterie. Both of us were too full to order dessert, but I had heard some wonderful comments about the Carrot Cake ($8) with Ritz Crisp.  So I had my arm twisted to get an order to take home.  Let me tell you, for that late night snack... this is not your Mother's carrot cake.  I'm not even sure where the cake part was.  I was like an apple betty without the apples.  Raisins, nuts, cinnamon, carrot flavored cream cheese frosting, with their own baked crackers stuck in top... YUM! Service was top notch, the sound system for music needs upgrading, but once the place is full you can't hear the music anyway.  This place is unique and long overdue for the capital region.
I live in NYC, home to dozens of the "world's best" burgers.  But I shit you not, Capital City Gastropub serves one of the best burgers I have ever had.  Go have a burger and a beer.  You won't regret it.
Loved this place! Had dinner here while visiting a friend in Albany. Food and drinks were delicious! My friend didn't love her drink but not because it was bad - just not to her taste. The host (possibly the owner) was very friendly and professional. While we waited for a table to open up outside he took our drink order and brought them to us. Once seated he came over to our table a couple of times to check that everything was good - which it was :)  He was very accommodating to any requests we had. The waitstaff was also great. All the food was from local farms - which I love! Will return next time I'm in town.
Sunday night, two burgers and two drinks at $55. Was good, the atmosphere doesn't quite match the pricing, is a open cold echo-y room with uncomfortable benches. May or may not go back, probably a better late-lunch spot. They did have caphirinas which we enjoyed.
Way overpriced imo for what's essentially BAR FOOD. The hamburger was OK, but salty.   The poutine was boring and salty.   (And was the only reason I even went.) The beers were good. The clams casino hardly had any clams or clam flavor.  It was basically tasty bread crumbs with some lemon flavor from what I could tell.  It was a tad too salty.   The creme brulee was enjoyable and sadly the best part of the meal. I had a salt headache/imbalance feeling when I got home and started drinking several glasses of water and ate fresh fruit to make myself feel better.  It didn't completely do the trick. The seating/bar setup is weak, boring and awkward.  It's kind of a mash-up of a bar, restaurant and kitchen in one big room with cramped seating.  Sound has no place to go and die.   Cross talk between tables is horrible.  Don't expect a private word at this place.  You open a tiny restaurant and try to shove as many tables as you can fit.  Gotta love it! To be fair i didn't have one of the main dinner entrees, so maybe I'll give it a followup. I'd recommend this place to a young person (21-30) who just wants beer and maybe one menu item and doesn't care about having a semi-private conversation.  If the food isn't killer, the restaurant should have a good seating layout -- which this place doesn't!
Walking in the door, I would have given this place a perfect 5 stars based on appearances alone. A waitstaff that dresses like the cast from Newsies, complete with newsboy caps and houndstooth vests straight out of the 1940s? ASSUME I LOVE IT. Our order: 2 beer flights (total of eight 4oz beer samples), small Utica greens 'n beans, small cheese pizza, and a burger. Pros: -Nice ambiance -Friendly serving staff -$9 beer flights -Small plates are still fairly large -Interesting menu. They clearly make a real effort to create good, wholesome food with thought and creativity Cons: -No ketchup, so if you don't like their homemade sauce (we didn't) there's no other option. -No marinara sauce, even on a cheese pizza (they use tomatoes in place of the sauce). I hate white pizza and didn't realize that I was ordering one, which wasn't great for me. -Would love to see more greens and fewer beans in the greens 'n beans, mine was about an 80/20 ratio
I'm still craving for the Salmon Eggs Benedict! 4 layers deep of amazing salmon served with perfectly seasoned potatoes in a quaint location with stellar service. and perfect portion sizes. Only minus - it's a bar too, so their juices are limited to what would be in a mixer.
It's just...disappointing. The space is so uninviting -- it's loud and echoey, even when it's mostly empty, the benches -- while an interesting idea -- are too low for the tables, the bright light from the kitchen is intrusive, it's cold (temperature-wise and otherwise), and, overall, it just lacks a sense of the kind of atmosphere that makes you want to spend time there. The food is a combination of ordinary and overpriced, and the service alternates between hovering and brusque with very little in between. As far as the beer list goes, compared to other places in the area (most of which have better food at cheaper prices), it's really nothing special. Between the quality of the food and service, the atmosphere, and the prices, I've never left there feeling really satisfied with the experience. You can do better.
Do yourself a favor and get a glass of la fin du mond and some poutine! Disclaimer: I believe they recently changed the menu up, and I haven't been back since then. However, the owner Adam is a great guy who, if you talk to him at the bar you'll see, really cares about what he serves and where it comes from. I really appreciated the eclectic and fun menu and think there's plenty here to pique any foodie's interest!
Sadly, I did not have the opportunity to try this place as they closed for renovations one week prior to my "double take deals" certificate expiring. Granted, I purchased it a while ago, but in all fairness, i thought I still had time. No warning either. I have been there frequently since and the food is great.
I've been hearing for a few weeks now that this may be the "best burger in Albany."  I love a good burger.  Most importantly, the chef needs to understand the definition of "medium rare", so that burger better be pink and juicy in the middle. Turns out Wednesday is Burger Night here, so some friends (who labeled this "best burger in Albany") and I went to check it out.  Nice patio, fast friendly service once we chose are seat.  I can't speak much to the rest of the menu, as I didn't read much of it.  Burger's were half off of the normal $14 price tag.  I am more than willing to make $14 for a stellar burger.  What I don't like, is the add-ons to jack the price.  Cheese shouldn't add $1.  Relish probably shouldn't add .50.  Bacon?  Fine, you can charge me for that.  But please, melt some cheese on there for me! Burger comes out, she looks beautiful.  The fries are handcut, crispy, but not plentiful.  This turns out to be a good thing, since I had room for ice cream.  Burger comes complete with a special "pub sauce" which is their signature aioli. Adds great flavor to your burger to set it apart from other burgers.  I recommend you the Farm Cheese and Relish, the spicy relish kicks things up to another level. The ketchup.  I'm a bit of a ketchup snob.  Heinz only.  The Gastropub tries to step up their game with a homemade ketchup, which seems to be a tomato paste with a little bit of sugar.  This is good on my burger, which didn't come with tomato.  But on my fries, please pass the Heinz next time. All in all, I'd go back in a heart beat.  Is it the best burger in Albany?  I'm not sure, I haven't had a ton of burgers in Albany.  Is it the best burger in the Capital Region?  No.  Druthers and the Henry Street Tap Room in Saratoga have you beat.  But for $9 bucks on a Wednesday you can't go wrong.
Updated review. Been back a view times since a year ago, always on Wednesday nights for burgers. Officially my favorite burger...at the moment. Highly recommend going on Wednesdays for half off burgers. Just remember toppings are pricey. Also outdoor seating is now available. Check it out.
This restaurant deserves five stars all around! My boyfriend and I go here almost on a weekly basis. The service here is very friendly and efficient and the food is phenomenal. They have a really great pizza special and their half off burger night is  a steal. And if you do go to dine, I would highly suggest  the poutine. Its a really great place just to hang out and have some drinks, especially with the patio open. If you live in the Albany area are looking for a place to chill out then you should stop by this pub!
The pizza here is better than a lot of the pizza I have had while living in Rome. Fresh, thin, and full of flavor. For dessert I split the bread pudding. It was very delicate and had a delicious beer blended into the sauce. It was without a doubt, one of the best desserts I have ever had. I wish I had gotten my own. Service was very friendly and attentive. I have walked past this gastropub a million times, never realizing how affordable and chic it is. Bravo, I am a fan!
Fantastic!  I've been visiting Albany for 27 years and have never eaten this well.  This is the restaurant you go to for superbly-prepared food with it's own savory experience.   The highlights: the beer and food are outstanding.  They have a discerning selection of international and domestic beer for whatever your taste.  Personally, I'm a fan of the ambers and dark beers (of which the 5 or so I tried were all excellent), but they have a number of lighter ales as well.  As far as the food, the chef has an adventurous take on classic dishes and also creative special dishes.  The first time I was here, I had the poutine (rich and creamy) and wagyu beef hot dogs (THE BEST). Because my first time here was so positive, I insisted on taking my girlfriend and drove well out of our way to here so she could have one of the wagyu beef hot dogs.  Holy moly are these things good--the most amazing beef, pickles, fresh mustard, peppers.  I had the special, cod battered in apple beer and another kind of beer (not a fan, but that's my personal taste).  However,  I also discovered their homemade ketchup, which restored my faith in the red sauce after a lifetime of letdowns and I liked it so much they gave me 3 little containers of it to take home.  Even though we were stuffed, they convinced us to try the dessert--the carrot cake and ganache--wow!  I don't even like carrot cake and this blew me away.  The portions are just right--not too much, not too little, so you walk away satisfied without clutching your stomach. Service was also very good: our servers, Suzanne and Mike, were both very personable and refreshingly honest about the food; both had spot-on recommendations for beer-food pairings.  The place is a small-ish and the interior color scheme is a little wacky, but who cares?  The experience was really enjoyable and I'll be coming back for more.
Great place. Nice beer selection and food is amazing. Would definitely recommend one of the pizzas. I'd give it six stars if I could!
I returned home for winter break to find that a gastropub replaced Pasquale's Pizzeria, which I was never a huge fan of. My parents said they were a fan and knew I would enjoy. They know me well. A couple Sixpoint crisp lagers set the night off. My parents and I decided to get three salads and then share our three dishes. We all started with the Fougasse salad, which was awesome. The goat cheese had a mozzarella-esque texture and really mixed well with the beats, which i'm usually not a fan of. Delicious salad. I got the fish tacos, because I thought I'd be eating a lot of my parents' dishes. The haddock was cooked to perfection: fried, moist and delicious. The aioli was superb. My mom got the mussels frites, so I dug in for some mussels and fries. The broth and chorizo were amazing. My dad got an individual veggie pizza, which I heard changes nightly depending on the veggies on hand. It was a white pizza with mushrooms and was great. My dad couldn't finish the pizza, so I had the leftovers. The cheese was great. It's a great edition to the neighborhood. Service was slow, but they only had two women waiting AND tending bar. I assume that since it recently opened they're going to get a bigger staff in the future. Also, it's not the cheapest place, but that's what you expect from a gastropub.   Overall, the place is great. It's really small, especially for a gastropub, so I expect reservations to be required once more Albanians find out about this place. But if you get a table, enjoy the unique cuisine.
Let me start this by clarifying the obvious...this is a GASTROPUB which means it is based on gastronomy. For those unfamiliar you should expect very small servings of amazingly unique food. This is exactly what you are going to get. Arrived a bit after 5 and were seated immediately. The server, Suzanna, was amazing. The draught beer list is full of possibilities and I worked my way mostly through it. For food; started with the Swedish Meatballs and Bison Shortribs. The meatballs were fantastic. They were moist and sweet with amazing sauce. The Bison Shortribs were rich and flavorful. The meat was all cooked perfectly. The presentation was fabulous. I would definitely say it compares to the finest places of gastronomy in the city! For the finale the charcuterie plate was much enjoyed. There was duck liver mousse, stone ground mustard, salume, prosciutto, lardo, coppa, and abruzzi. All of the meat was delicious and by the time I left....I was more than stuffed. So yes...it is pricey. Yes...the portions are small. YES...it is a GASTROPUB. It is not a pub, you will not get wings etc. If you are a foodie at all you will absolutely love it here. If you are looking for Budweiser and Buffalo Wings you can go to one of the hundred of other bars in Albany.
I had a poor meal for a rich price and was thoroughly disappointed. The place is a dull red scored plaster bunker with burlap curtains.  WOW!  If they spent any less on the walls, they would have done nothing to them.  It felt like they didn't care and the food showed they were into flash but no follow through. I can pick the food apart, but the problem seems to be that whoever designed the dishes, wasn't cooking them.  My cod was pan seared, with pancetta, capers, tiny pickle slices and white wine, topped with bread crumbs.  It was at least three times too salty and very very close to inedible.  I thought about sending it back, but the cook would have done the same thing again.  He had no idea how much brine he had put in the sauce or that less salt was better.  It was awful, but looked great. The acorn squash meal was pleasant, but really too rich and was less than half eaten. The mussels in wine and chorizo was boring except for the chorizo which simply seemed out of place. Disjointed fairly describes my experience here. The waiter needed to come back and repeat himself each time, since he rattled off his instructions then left.  We needed to listen again to everything.  And we listen really well, so this time it might have been him, not us. The happy hour pricing only applies to three beer and a few wines.  Although I don't drink much, it wasn't a happy hour for me. They may make good pizza, but I don't know that. It was a very, very bad $30 per person meal and returning is not in my future.   Truly one of the worst meals I can remember for $60/2.
Nothing about this place was good.   If you want a real Gastro Pub go to the City Beer Hall in downtown Albany
I really enjoyed this neighborhood place.  Small, warm, and cozy.  The food was excellent.  All homemade and fresh!  Very well prepared and extremely tasty.   I would absolutely recommend this place.  Know in advance that it is beer and wine only, but a wonderful selection of both.  I will be back for certain.
All better now! New interior, steady and attendant staff, excellent food and drink. Quality wins!
Great Food and Booze! And got to meet the owners which took great details in our food and service. Will go back again for sure!
If only tattoos, poorly dyed hair and bangs could cook, this place might live up to its own billing.  But, it takes more than a nose in the air and a subscription to Ironic Brooklyn magazine to squeeze life into even the best local ramps and baby beets. Take too big chunks of beet greens, add a slop of chevre, whip it up nice with large chunks of the actual beets and then forget to add any acid.  What do you get?  A slimy pink mess that's as easy to choke down as an autobiography from the Real Housewives of Atlanta. I won't even get into the pea mashed, giant sour dough egg toast . . . .but how do you do it?  how do you send out a poorly fried egg?   If this is an indication fo my week to come in Albany . . . I think I'll stay with the minibar snacks. They're actually a better value.  That insult cost 40 bucks. Granted, I had a beer . . . .that was decent enough, if decent by your standards is Blue Moon.
The Gastro Pub is great if you don't want to eat. Or if you like your food over-priced, undercooked, raw, and mediocre. I want to support a local pub, but time and time again this place is a let down. When we mentioned to our server that the sweet potatoes on the pizza were raw, he was like, "Yeah. Do you want it boxed?" And we were all, like, "No, thanks!" Sorry, but I can't support this place anymore.
It's a winner. All around satisfactory. Reasonably priced burgers that I happily ordered mid rare based on the provenance of the beef. Didn't need but enjoyed the supplements (house cured bacon, English cheese). Very respectable pizza method and recipes. Top notch host/manager who offered tastes of the quality bevs on tap. Definitely will return for more interesting starters and mains on the regular menu. No ketchup or S&P on table, beardy chef in open kitchen, art on walls, spacious feel, music at appropriate volume.
Capital City Gastropub is a really delicious restaurant with a lot of great food options, an impressive beer menu, and a great wine and cocktail list as well. I went on a Friday night and while it was crowded, it was not overwhelmingly so, and you could carry on conversation at your table. My husband and I split the bone marrow crostini-style appetizer, and both loved it. I then had the moules frites. I enjoyed the dish very much; however, my only complaint would be the ketchup that was served with the fries. We couldn't tell what they had done to dress-up the ketchup, but it almost tasted as if there was nutmeg in it. It was not good. Still, to have the biggest complaint be with the ketchup is an okay place to be in. My husband got one of the specials, a ravioli dish with pork jowl and another kind of offal, I believe, but I forget what. I do know that he liked it a great deal. The dessert menu is a little limited and we personally were underwhelmed, but if you're in the same spot, luckily, their cheese options make a great dessert if you couldn't make room for one as your appetizer. The service was friendly and prompt. I don't live in the Albany area, but I will certainly return to Capital City Gastropub when I'm there.
Great beer selection (Southern Tier, Smuttynose, Delirium, Unibroue) and priced really well - $5 and $6 pints, for the most part. I glanced at the wine list noting several bottles under $30. The food was delicious! Many vegetarian options. The food may be bit pricey (I paid $15 for the vegetarian special) and the serving sizes may be on the smaller side (though, I was perfectly satisfied) ... but the quality of the ingredients and taste are well worth the cost. My partner could not stop raving about the pork belly. Also an emphasis on local foods - they even knew from which farm the meat for the sliders came. We saw another table with pizza that looked really good. I will certainly go back for dinner and just to grab a few drinks over an appetizer.
This place is great! For drinks, stick with beer - other cocktails were poor. The standout was the food. They make the best veggie burger I have ever had, hands down - even calling it just a 'veggie burger' seems insulting. Truly delicious. Fries were also yum, as was the pizza and the snap peas as a side/app. Will definitely be returning!
Dinner tonight resulted in a last minute choice of "that place I always wanted to try".  Although I don't drink beer the menu looked like a great micro brew and varied selection.  For dinner I shared with my date. We shared a meat pizza. It was terrific. The crust was interesting and cooked perfectly.  The toppings were yummy. I loved the fresh mozzarella.   We also shared the blood sausage.  It's a unique dish, which I happen to love. The sausage had an apple and pork/bacon chunk sauté with it.  I'd have a hard time not getting it again. We added a putine.  I can say I had it, and its worth a try but, it was really salty. We asked for some plain fries/frites on the side. They were great. The homemade catsup ........ I don't know.  I saw several items on the menu that looked great, requiring at least a few more visits.
Went here for dinner with a friend the other night and it was absolutely amazing. I had the best burger I've ever had! Fries were perfect and the ketchup was actually made with tomatoes! Seriously home made ketchup?! My friend had a vegetable pizza which was also delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and the pub had a really laid back vibe. I will most definitely be returning! Hopefully next time I can save room for dessert.
Love this place, it is one of my favorite spots! I have only had the burger and poutine and I am so satisfied with both that I don't think I will ever order anything else. I am constantly craving this meal! The gastropub burger is one of the best burgers I have ever had. It is high quality beef  as it is local and grass fed from Tilldale Farm. It has an amazing aioli that heightens the juiciness. Sometimes you will have a great burger on a poor quality bun, but not at the Gastropub. There are a variety of fixings to add to the burger, I always add the harpersfeld ale cheese. It is an extra $2 for a little bit of cheese but it is well worth it. The burger also comes with fries and home made ketchup. The ketchup is always slightly different, but always good. Other than the ketchup, the quality and flavor of the food is always consistent. Poutine! I have only gotten the regular, but want to try the foie gras option at some point. Fries with gravy and cheese never sounded that great to me, but after a trusted source who always orders it when in Montreal told me it is amazing, I decided to try it at the Gastropub. And I instantly became obsessed.  Gastropub uses cheese curds and a flavorful gravy. The first time I ordered it (a few months ago) the serving was HUGE! I was very pleased due to the price, plus it heated up really well as leftovers. But when I went there last week, it was half the size. This annoyed me since the price didn't change, yet the portion decreased by half. Also, great tap list! And it is always changing.
Fresh, local, delicious.. a winner all around!
Full disclosure - This review is based on only one trip to the Gastropub.  On the prowl for some chow, DH and I decided to try this new place after experiencing rude service at another restaurant in the city.  We were staaaarving.  And this was our first trip to a gastropub, so we weren't really sure what to expect. My assessment: It has a lot of potential.  The menu was a little shorter than I expected, and if you don't like exotic foods (think duck or quail) you may have some trouble finding something to eat.  Fresh off a trip to San Diego, I tried the Gastropub's fish tacos.  The ingredients were very simple but full-bodied and given that there were two little tacos I took more time eating.  DH ordered the duck, although the menu didn't say anything about it being a soup.  (I had forewarned him that a Yelp review said it was a soup and not to get it...).  Not only that, but the soup came in a little ramekin so it wasn't very much at all.  Needless to say, our hunger was lightly abated.  It was enjoyable, don't get me wrong - just not when you need food-food.  The beers were great.  I recommend the Six Point Crisp Lager.
Good food.  Over-priced (2 hot dogs for $11 !?).  Slow kitchen.
We have been here for dinner on several occasions and never had anything except a great experience. The menu keeps getting better, this past visit I had the fish tacos which were delicious, while my husband had pork chop with kale and beans. The beans were the star of the dish, in fact 'the best baked beans' he'd ever had. The beer and wine menu is excellent, and the wines that they have on Happy Hour prices on Sun and Mon night are great. A must try is their carrot cake, which is more 'deconstructed' than your average CC, and is the best I've ever tasted. AND the service is always outstanding.
We went on Monday night, December 23 for my daughters birthday.  There was 4 of us.  We had appetizers, entrees & dessert.  Everything was fabulous!  All the food was interesting & delicious.  The service was excellent.  The only down point was that it was loud.  But that's ok, it was filled with people enjoying themselves!
High expectations due to the people owning the wine bar on lark running this place. Service was good, food was unacceptable. We started with the poutine, which was good, but needed salt (in true French style, unavailable at the table). My bf and I shared the bison short ribs and the NY strip steak. The short ribs were a lot smaller compared to the hot dog, duck confit, strip steak, and meat special our friends had. They were well cooked. The strip steak was a DISASTER. Overcooked around the edge, barely cooked in the middle. The cut was off, and had a lot of inedible parts. My bf was disappointed that for $24 it was served with a mountain of French fries and an actually pretty delicious beurre rouge (which was soaked up by the intimidating portion of fries). The duck confit was well liked by most of the table, but i found it too dry. Wagyu hot dogs were pretty awesome. The maple creme brûlée was delicious, but lacked a noticeable note of maple, carrot cake was well received, and the black Forrest cake parfait was written off partly because our friend didn't realize the Kirsch cherries were soaked in (a very strong) brandy. Overall, a poor experience for the amount of money, and a return trip has been written out of the future. We'll stick to the wine bar from now on.
Every trip back to the Gastropub convinces me more than the last - this is one of the most enjoyable restaurants in the area.  The food has gotten much better (I think that they sort of came into their own with the newest menu), the beers are consistently changing, with many beers available no where else around here on tap.  The atmosphere is casual, and has become more fun as they've become busier. I was definitely disappointed with my first visit (which came soon after they opened and with very high expectations), but now that I've been back several times more recently, I'm a big fan.  I think this place will only keep improving as they  feel out what  is the best direction with menu items, and as they continue to get beers on tap that no one else has.  Always happy to take a trip to the Gastropub.
I had been eager to try it--unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed. Service: The waiter didn't even tell us the specials; and he was overly solicitous and at the same time not helpful. Food: The brussel sprouts were overly salted, the fries were undercooked, and the shepherd's pie had these awful apparently freeze-dried corn kernels on top. I regretted leaving the house for this. Ambiance: Heavy and unappealing. Oh, and there were bugs flying around.
They addressed every single thing that I was unhappy with in my previous review. (I didn't try a cocktail this time though.) Very impressive. (And the food is still amazing.)
This is a review of the beer selection rather than the food, but if you bill yourself as a "gastropub," then I believe it is fair to comment on the beer.  We have eaten at the CC Gastopub on 3 occasions over this past summer -- each time following a movie at the Spectrum.  Our focus has been on something to split or share while having a draft or two.  As to the menu, the selection is satisfactory for what we have wanted.  The fish tacos are o.k., and they  have a selection of small pizzas. The beer is the problem, and although we will probably check this place out again, it will never be our first choice.  The problem is that there isn't a single beer on the list with an IBU of 50+ except for one IPA with an ABV north of 8%.  This is strange where you have a selection of 30+ beers.  We are older folks, and unlike the younger, Xtreme crowd, we are not looking for a beer where the main attribute is that it will put you in a coma as quickly as possible before you get back out on the road.  You would think that somebody ordering the beers would make sure there was a broad spectrum of choice for all tastes. Unfortunately (from an email correspondence with the owner) that "somebody" is the 20-something bartender, and, as such, the beer list reads more like what would be on offer at a farmer's market.  Thus, the selection is top heavy with fruit and vegetable flavored beers of various colors. The problem goes deeper because the beer menu lists neither the ABV's nor the IBU's, and our waitress had no clue what IBU stood for.  As such, this "gastropub" has a problem with "that vision thing" since (beyond the name) there isn't any awareness of what should go into running a gastropub. I also note in passing that the website is not kept current so that you cannot rely upon the beer listing on line.
Well, it's different, and the beer menu is both deep and wide.  But, and it's a big but, it's hard to make a meal out of the menu.  My husband wanted pizza, but last night they offered him a ham and egg pizza, which is just not appetizing to everybody.  He ended up with sliders off the "street food" section of the menu.  Since these are appetizers, it's not exactly filling.  I tried to make a meal out of the $17 bison short ribs, which come with nothing else on the plate except a tiny carrot for garnish.  So out of the vegetable section, I ordered roasted vidalia onion with arrugala, and an order of house frites out of the,yes, they have a frites section on the menu.  There is no starch unless you count the fries, no salads, and no vegetables to accompany what should be the entrees.   The short ribs were very small, and there were 3 of them.  You couldn't really share them.  The fries--they bore no resemblance to frites- were limp, greasy and too big in size to have ever been crisp.  Obviously they had been cooked much earlier and held.  They were $7.  They offered carrot cake for dessert.  We passed because at $8 it's far and away more than most desserts at much more upscale restaurants.  We saw it at the next table, and it is what they call a carrot ganache, with what looked like carrot syrup for garnish, and the ganache is on a bed of ritz crackers, and the actual "cake" is about two inches square.  Don't know whether it was good or not, but it looked like not much for a lot.  The pricing is odd; dessert is ridiculously overpriced, but short ribs at $17 seems reasonable until you see the small portions and nothing with it.  The sliders were $12, but we had to add the fries.  Anyhow, it's a long way around to say we would not go back.  And by the time we finished there were 10 people at the bar, which is in the small dining area.
i have recently been reprimanded for being too liberal with my stars; ugh, i wish yelp had a .5 option. where to begin...i live really close.  i have been to the gastropub a handful of times (4) . i have consistently been underwhelmed.   for a "gastropub" the beer selection is lackluster.  not to say it is bad, its just not what i would expect from a place being marketed or presented as an upscale spot to drink beer and eat.  i tried a sorghum pale ale said to be brewed out of albany, ny (the company office is in albany according to the bartender, the brewery is in holyoke mass) and gluten free. it was one of about 15 bottles available and 10 droughts (roughly). being that i will rep albany all day everyday  it was a no brainer and it could have tasted like shit, i would have enjoyed it the way queens still loves the mets. it was better than ok, and i would recommend  that if you like beer you give it a try. we sat at the bar and i really enjoyed the bartenders service. he was very knowledgeable and prompt.  he had a good knowledge of his bar and what was available, and was talkative enough but not obtrusive.  maybe it is just the style of waitstaff i prefer, but i found him to be top notch and would return again if only for a drink.   the food at the gastropub is always relatively "blah" to me.  i catch a lot of abuse personally and professionally for the cooking styles of white america and the gastropub never fails to confirm that they may be on to something.  BLAND,  total end sum.  the pizza is always overcooked.  i love a crispy pie, but theirs is crouton status.  i have had the brussel sprouts twice  in two different preparations (my favorite and most revered of  vegetable) and both times they have proved dry and overcooked.  carmelization is one thing, burning something to death and drying it out is another.  i have tried the poutine w. fois gras, cassoulet, salads, margherita pizza, and pork. all have been severely lacking in flavor aside from the cassoulet.  i can tell that they use quality ingredients but they really are not being utilized.  the food reminds me of my aunt maryanne's potato salad; no flavor, no color, dry, and unremarkable. lastly the heat. now i really hate to hate, but it was really hot.  they can't help it because of the open kitchen and we chose to eat on a 100 degree day, but damn!  we were attempting to escape an oven of an apartment and landed in an oven of a bar.  my girlfriend was sweating so much and was so uncomfortable that we had to cut dinner and drinks short (and she has lived for extended periods of time in puerto rico).  the heat itself made food unappetizing, and the restaurant itself had to be 85 degrees.  again, it is the open kitchen, but invest like other open kitchens and put in a more sophisticated cooling system for your patrons and staff.  its not cute watching the kitchen and dishwashers sweat profusely near your food and dishware. so i guess if you are in albany check it out.  you can do way worse and way better for your money.  drink a steadfast beer which is to me that major attraction and make sure you don't go when it is hot.  if you like flavor and seasoning check out somewhere else.
The best meal we've had in Albany in 20 years. I had the pork loin with baby bok choy and sweet potato puree. My husband had the burger and fries. We shared a baby greens salad, which was perfectly dressed. In my experience, a perfectly dressed salad is rare.  We will be back.
If you are the kind of person who loves to try new things (and can be satisfied with them being lackluster), cares not about quantity or atmosphere, and thinks nothing of burning through tons of money for the privilege, this place is for you! The more I think about my dining experiences here, the more angry I get.  I feel like someone pulled one over on me.  I have visited this place twice and have left both times with a substantial chunk of cash gone and wondering where I'll go to get enough food to be satiated. The first time I went with my boyfriend, both of us vegetarians.  We ordered two items from the vegetarian section ($8-10 range) and some beer.  We did not expect our selections to be so small and, having a nearly $30 bill on the way already, were not too excited about ordering anything else.  The vadalia onion and tamale were both fair, absolutely nothing to write home about.  As we were nearing the end of the onion, I chewed down on something sharp.  A piece of foil was in the food.  I brought this to the server's attention and she apologized saying "I don't have any idea where that could have come from."  Not encouraging.  Nothing was offered except her apology.  We paid our bill and walked up the street to the Tea and Tap Room to finish the dinner we had started. The second visit was this evening with my parents.  Since I have heard lots of people raving about this place, I thought perhaps bad menu choices and an off-night were to blame last time.  Nope.  This time we ordered roasted vegetables for an appetizer to share- it came out with 2 pieces of tasteless carrot with a tasteless green sauce and 2 pieces of parsnip in a lighter vinegary sauce.  The parsnips were good.  $8 for 8 bites of halfway decent vegetables.  My dad ordered their fish special.  It was a noodle dish in a red sauce and it did look like a fair amount of food (in comparison...), probably what one should eat in a meal, but all my dad had to say about it was "Well, I think a fish swam through the sauce, there wasn't much there."  So $20 bucks for slightly fishy noodles.  My mom got the buffalo ribs, which she did enjoy and, so far as I could tell, this dish probably had the best value of everything I've seen there.  Then came the joke of the evening.  I ordered the vegetable special.  I thought for $17 they surely must give you a respectable amount of food.  Laughable, absolutely laughable.  2 potatoes the size of golf balls, 3 onions the size of marbles, 1 tiny carrot, a dollop of sweet paste (sweet potato perhaps), one mushroom (not sure what type), and some other very small mysteries scattered about the plate.  Oh, but it did come with some leek ash.  I wonder how much that fetches, must be pretty damn expensive to warrant the price of this meal.  I was stunned that this was it.  We had asked for some bread during our appetizer (they do not automatically bring you any) and, after seeing how pathetic my meal was, my parents both passed over the rest of it so that I had something of substance to eat.  I tried to sample my way around the plate and really savor everything, but I just wasn't finding much there worth savoring.  Nothing on that plate was some crazy amazing flavor I've never had before.  It was just food, and very little of it.  I suppose I'm just not the "paying for the experience" type.  There are tons of places in the area that serve up delicious food at reasonable prices with quantities that leave you satisfied and then some.  Why someone would waste their money on this overly hyped stuff is just beyond me.  But hey, we all value different things.  I value not leaving a restaurant hungry. The only thing keeping this from 1 star is the alcohol.  Good beer selection and decent prices, including the $3/pint (selected varieties) happy hour that goes until 6:30pm on weekdays.
