Excellent food. The pork bulgogi and beef short ribs were awesome. The portions were surprisingly large and very fairly priced. I was also surprised by how quickly everything came out. Cousin had the tofu soup and said it was good as well.
Food was three stars. Not super authentic (galbi was more "Americanized", I.e. sweeter than I care for), although certainly tasty enough. The fourth star is purely for location: I was visiting family in Westchester, and options for Korean grub are limited. Much better Korean joints in Flushing or Fort Lee, but those are a trek. And the joints on 32nd St in Manhattan are overpriced and overrated. Anyway, this place got the job done in a pinch.
First and foremost, it's close to impossible to visit a Korean restaurant outside of Queens or Korea town. My wife and I love Kalbi, Korean style short ribs. They're usually pretty hard to come across the way we like them. Bone in , minimal fat, cooked to medium-medium well. We enjoy our soondubu at the spiciest level to the point our noses start to drip. As per another yelpers tip... Your GPS will take you to the strong strip mall. Keep driving until you see the mcdonalds and tj max and then pull in to that parking lot. I ordered my soondubu with ramen and dumplings and my wife went with a seafood combo with rice. If you like the burnt rice porridge deal at the end of your meal, make sure you request a stone pot.  If you order it with ramen, the soup will come out in a huge bowl with the ramen inside. Rice would naturally be on the side. They only had three levels of spiciness (darn). We ordered the hottest and it was enough to satisfy our craving but not hot enough to make us come crawling back. The short ribs were delicious and I would come back just for those! If you live in lower westchester and don't feel like paying a toll for Korean food, come here. This place is different from other Korean spots I've been to because they charge extra for rice....huh????
This has quickly become our No 1 go to place. The soondubu, kimchi pancakes , bulgogi and bibimbap are amazing as are the little bowls of spiced radishes, cucumbers that are brought out with the food, which they refill when asked. My wife is vegetarian and the veggie soondoobu and bibimbap are pretty good as well. Service is friendly and quick. I just wish they served alcohol and dessert as well, it leaves something to be desired.
Honestly, I had low expectations of this restaurant. You assume a Korean restaurant in Westchester might be a bust. However, this place surprised me. The staff are bilingual speaking Korean and English. The banchan tasted pretty good, and the staff was willing to provide additional dishes. I had the dolsot bibimbap. Omg 1st of all, it's not served in a stone bowl, it's served in a personal paella castiron pan. It was pretty cool. The veggies all looked fresh and healthy. The rice was oiled nicely, and it cooked nicely. I think I should have let the rice cook some more for that added texture. The dish also comes with soup to cleanse the palate. Overall, the food is solid here as well as the service. I am most impressed. The soondubujjigae looks pretty solid too. Need to come back here and try the other dishes.
Spicy and simple menu. There is a very core offering. Limited. But always good and hits the spot. portions are just right.  Mild spicy is mild.  Go enjoy, experiment, and they are generous with side dishes.  Very friendly staff and always good to be there. Any group larger than 4 may have to wait but turnover is quick.
They are located several shopping strips north of where they are shown on Yelp's map. They are in the same strip at TJ Maxx.
Amazing and inexpensive Korean food here.  I love coming here for a quick bite or getting take out.  The food is always very fresh and very flavorful.  I would recommend it anybody looking for great Korean food for a low price
Great seafood pancake with good amounts of squid and seafood (best I've ever had and I've tried in many Korean restaurants) but Soon Dubu stew which they're known for was the worst I've ever had and that surprised me. It seems to me that they've cut some corners in making this soup as the dried anchovy taste which gives a depth of flavor in broth was absent and overwhelmed with gochugaru. I make this dish often and had it in other places (H-mart food court version is much better believe it or not). You can compare it yourself. Bimbimbop was below average and wait, no egg???!!! I give 5 stars to waiters though.
The best Korean tofu restaurant in town.  They also have beef, chicken and pork dishes. Hot pot Bibimbap is delicious as well. My favorite is combination of everything tofu dish, called "mixed tofu soup". Overall, the dishes are reasonably priced and delicious so you won't be disappointed.
Recommend: +Seafood soondubu jigae. There's plenty of soft tofu with every spoonful and their jigae is divine when you're in the midst of 2014's unrelenting winter. A few clams, 1 shrimp. With all their soondubu jigae the same price, go ahead and order seafood to get the most bang for your buck. Interestingly they have oyster jigae, curious to try that next time. Things to skip: Bulgogi was too sweet. Seafood pancake was a disappointment- little to no seafood and thin. SGD's menu isn't very expansive, you're pretty much limited to appetizers, jigae, bulgogi, galbi, and bibimbap. No booze. Ban chan is a little sad in terms of variety, only 4 available. Sure it lessens the likelihood of wasted food, but it takes a little charm and pre-yum yum out of Korean dining. Layout of the restaurant is cramped. It's normal for staff to drop things from their tray as they try to maneuver through the narrow aisles. Modern design, bright, clean. Even going through 2 doors to get into SGD does not prevent the occasional gust of cold air from sweeping in, which is rather unpleasant. NYC restos have resolved this by curtaining off their doors.
Don't order take out!!!  I recently ate here and enjoyed it.  Today I decided to take out chicken galbi which I thought was a Korean BBQ style chicken which I've had before.  My dish was full of boiling broth which leaked out of the cheap packaging and got all over my car, phone and me.  It was boiling hot.  Tons of broth which wasn't even what I ordered.   DO NOT GET TAKEOUT HERE.
I came here for lunch yesterday with the family. The decor was clean, simple, and relatively straightforward. The service was very professional and quick, and they were extremely attentive. Refilling water and banchan was frequent and consistent, and they weren't stingy at all with the four banchan they served us (kimchi, steamed bean sprouts, seasoned cucumber slices, pickled radish with jalapeños). So basically, they were set up for a great review, now all they had to do was deliver some standard quality soondubu jjigae and I would've been very happy. I ordered the beef soondubu jjigae, asked for brown rice, was told they didn't have any. Hrm. Got kalguksu instead, picturing a boiling hot bowl of soup heaping with tofu and beef with a little bit of kalguksu at the bottom. Mmh so ready. What I ended up actually getting was a humongous bowl of kalguksu noodles (3-4 cups worth?) in spicy broth, with an extremely light sprinkling of tofu (maybe a third of a cup in total?) and a few slivers of thin beef (not even a quarter cup). It wasn't even boiling, I felt sketchy putting my egg into it. Ah well, did it anyway, otherwise it would've been a bowl of straight carbs and no protein. I was so disappointed! Of what little beef there was, it wasn't flavorful at all, and the tofu was broken up into smallllllll pieces. Otherwise it was just tons and tons of noodles that hadn't really soaked up the flavor of the broth at all. I can't handle that much plain noodle in my life. I had what I could, but was still left with a giant mound of noodles at the end (filling up more than half the bowl - and that was after I'd eaten dome of it!). I picked out all the tofu and beef and had all the broth, which at least had a nice flavor and texture to it, especially after adding the egg. But yea overall, an unfortunate bowl of soup. My parents got the dolsot bibimbap and my brother had the chicken bulgogi. The bibimbap looked great, and I would totally get it, if they had brown rice for it instead of white. The chicken bulgogi (I stole some from my brother, teehee) was delicious and well seasoned. But honestly, I'd much rather go to h mart a couple doors down. They're cheaper, have brown rice, and are way less stingy with ingredients in their soup. Eh. Just my two cents.
Wow!! I have never felt so good about a meal in my life. Not only is this place clean and quick but they also give you unlimited appetizers. Their prices are extremely cheap for the quality and amount of food you get too. The lunch special is a major deal! You get four bowls of different Korean appetizers that taste amazing! The menu is compact but they did it the right way and made the select items diverse enough to make any pallet happy. Everything comes out fresh and hot leaving nothing for a customer to be dissatisfied with. The staff is very attentive and kind. They are vegetarian friendly and cook their meat to the safe temperature it should be at.   My favorite plate is the bibimbap which you can have served on a sizzling iron plate with rice underneath the scrumptious veggies or meat of your choice.  Last but not least, they have really good hot sauce to add to any plate which makes it a good day for me! I'm addicted and eat there frequently. You must try it!
In an area that is a black hole for restaurants, out of the darkness comes So Gong Dong. Super awesome bang for your buck. Some of the best Korean I've had since I was in Seoul.  Seriously, I've never been able to finish the various kimchi appetizers that are usually brought out, but I was able to completely house two servings even before my main dish came out. Then came the bi bim bop, so damn good. The hot sauce they give you to mix in to a sizzling hot plate is superb. The service was the perfect amount of attentive and hands off. They are all very nice and very happy that you have chosen their restaurant to dine in. Do it. Go there. Eat Korean food.
On a road like Central Ave, it's very VERY easy to glance over restaurants or completely miss them altogether. I'm not sure what it is but their logo really stood out to me when I was driving down Central Ave one day not even knowing they existed. I stopped by here for an early dinner and the interior is very clean, bright and modern. I wish I could say the food blew me away but it was just ok for me. I ordered the tofu stew which was rich, flavorful and nice. My friend ordered the bibimbap on a hot stone. And I felt his came out pretty oily. I'm not sure if it's supposed to be that way but I've ordered this before at other restaurants and I'm not used to seeing the oil (sesame oil?) spread on the plate. It seemed a bit too much. We also ordered the short ribs and they were a little tough and dry :( The flavor was there but I wish it was more tender. A plus? The service was very nice! Most restaurants either take your food back and pack it away for you or give you the tools to pack it away. Our waiter brought the right amount of packaging with a plastic bag and brown bag all set up AND he did the packing for us table side. He didn't need to but the jester was nice.
This place has absolutely wonderful. I have the seafood soondubu with ramyeon. Their panchan is pretty good too. The place is nicely decorated. The waitstaff was very attentive and kept my panchan coming. I would highly recommend.
YESSSS! I am SO happy that there's a good Korean spot to add to my rotation! My husband and I went for lunch and the place was packed! We had the following: -Vegetable Dumplings - light, not oily at all and tasty! -Scallion Pancakes - DELICIOUS! I'm craving them right now. -Beef Soondubu with Kalguksu - The broth was excellent. Not too salty, not too spicy, the noodles were delicious and light. I was really happy we ordered this. I noticed that it was a bit light on the beef but I enjoyed the dish anyway. The waiters here are all so nice!! I really can't sing their praises enough. Great people, great food. I look forward to coming back here.
I found this place recently on yelp and decided to check it out and was not disappointed. I had the soondubu with beef. Skimpy on the beef but overall, very good. Shared the kimchi pancake for appetizer, which was excellent. I love how they keep bringing you side dishes for free until you tell them to stop or you physically can't eat any more. Service was quick after our 5 min wait and very friendly. Service was excellent. Food: 4 Service: 5 Overall: 4.5 Very good, cheap, quick option!
This would be my 2nd visit to this place and had my family, so we got a chance to order a few dishes for Sunday brunch.  The seafood pancake was good, though a little doughy.  I find their bulgogi mediocre and a little bland, which could mean I like it with more marinade.  Their seafood tofu and spicy noodle soup was quite good and still made for a good meal.  Minus the bulgogi, this is probably the best Korean place in Westchester unless you opt to eat at the food court at H Mart.  I do like the staff here and especially since I had little kids, I was surprised on how good the staff was with the kids.
On our way to elsewhere, I spied this newly opened Korean option and made a plan to try it ASAP. So when I needed some Korean ingredients from the nearby HMart, an afternoon was born. Though located in an unremarkable strip mall, this latest addition to the trio of So Gong Dong restaurants is bright and spacious. The L. and I had been to their Palisades Park location and were not overwhelmed with it but we did very much like our lunch experience here at their Hartsdale location. It was packed and, comme d'habitude, we were the only gringoes in the house. :))) They have an extensive lunch menu with a few vegetarian friendly options such as their banchan which consisted of four dishes-kimchi, daikon, cucumbers and bean sprouts which we quickly polished off. Our attentive and friendly server was quick to bring us some more. As for our orders, we started with the Kimchi and scallion pancake. It was heavy on the scallions, and big pieces at that, and not so heavy on the kimchi. It was though a little challenging to move the pieces to a smaller dish and eat it with any grace, but that did not stop me! I made up for some lost time as our favorite Korean place in Fort Lee, which we frequent often, does not have them on their menu. We shared a veggie Bibimbop and a water based mushroom soondubu. I am not quite sure why they charge an extra $2 for a hot stone plate for the former. This is the only way I have ever had it elsewhere and without the extra charge. Though nominal I cannot see how this is a good thing. The veggies were presented nicely and were fresh and bursting with color. I almost hated to mix it up,being a bit of a food decontructionist, but when in, um, Hartsdale?... ;))) The soondubu was fine but not as good as at our favorite place where we LOVE their version. But that's ok. We left knowing we would make SDK a destination in the future, if we are not wanting to drive all the way to Fort Lee to assuage our soondubu cravings.... All in all it was waaay too much food for us. The next time we go we will be more conservative with our ordering so we can enjoy our choices more thoroughly. Solid 4. In memory of James Gandolfini. m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=…
Dropped by here after a friend ran the Westchester half-marathon.  Of warning, as of 10/13/13, the google maps and yelp location for this place is off.  The restaurant is located next to the TJ maxx fyi.  This might save you some hassle of finding the venue and getting some good korean grub. FOOD: Seafood/beef soondubu: this was pretty good, not the best.  The broth was flavorful but could have been richer. BBQ shortribs: def get this while you're here.  Great flavor, sweet, savory, right amount of char.  It's hard to screw of kalbi, so this is a solid choice. Seafood pancake: solid, I always get this as an app to share where ever it can be found.  I would rank So Gong Dong's version in the top 75% that I've had. Panchan (small cold appetizer dishes): they have a limited number (4 dishes) from what I'm used to at other venues, but the ones they bring out are all high quality.  The kimchi and other picked goodness are executed quite well) ****BEST SERVICE I've ever ever and probably will ever have at a korean restaurant, especially since I don't speak korean.  The staff was extremely attentive, filling water, taking away finished dishes, AND more importantly constantly looking over your shoulder waiting to replenish your panchan even when not asked.  AND they do it with a smile.  Love it.   Overall: great service, great food, great find.
The best in Westchester
This a recently opened (approx 6 mos.) branch of a chain with a strong West Coast presence.  I have visited approximately seven times for lunch. The menu is quite limited. The specialty is soondubu jiggae - spicy soft tofu stew , which is served with either rice or udon-like noodles (kalguksu). You can choose a protein - beef, chicken, seafood, etc. or add kimchi if you are so inclined. If you're not into soondubu you can have bibimbap, kalbi or bulgogi. Never went for the kalbi, but it looks good. I will try it next time. There are no appetizers priced or identified as such, but you can order mandoo (beef or vegetable) or haemul pajun. The mandoo are similar to gyoza, crispy tasty. I was not impressed with the haemul pajun. These dishes tend to arrive simultaneously  with your main course, so plan accordingly. Panchan are also limited: cucumbers, kimchi, bean sprouts, and what another reviewer identified as pickled radish, with jalapeno. They are all tasty and the staff will refill them. Still I think it's a pretty sparse panchan presentation and BCD Tofu House, a rival of this chain, gives you a bigger selection with your jiggae I really like the jiggae which is moderately spiced and savory, crack your egg and away you go. The kalguksu soak up all the broth, so I recommend you get your jiggae with the hot stone bowl rice option. The rice is quite good.I am less enamored of the bibimbap, but if you pay extra and get the hot stone bowl, you will enjoy that. No sushi/sashimi, no grilling at the table. The four stars are for the consistently good service, much friendlier than its competition and the reasonable prices. I don't think this place should be compared to the disappointing food court at the Hartsdale H Mart - So Gong Dong is way better.
A delicious meal. I am not an expert on Korean food by any means, but just as someone who loves good food, I was very happy with my experience at So Gong Dong. The service was surprisingly quick, and very friendly and helpful. They were happy to answer questions. I had the tofu and beef stew with rice and it was delicious! I was happy that I was able to order it without spice (I'm a wimp), while my friend who loves spice ordered the same meal but much hotter. I would definitely recommend!
Great portions for value of meal. Fast service, good food, clean well kept. Can anyone ask for more? Ordered various dishes on the menu and everyone was excellent. Stop by if you are in the area as you will not be disappointed.
Yum! Love strip mall hidden restaurants. Staff was friendly and the food was well prepared for Korean food.
I am going to give this place 5 stars because, by suburbs standards, this place is "as good as it gets." In the city it would be 4 stars, which is still pretty good. Like many, I am dismayed by the total lack of good "ethnic" food in the lower Westchester area. Most places here serve food that is watered down, bland, and just totally unsatisfying. But So Gong Dong is great! Full of flavor. Although my favorite soondubu jiggae can be found at a little spot in suburban Philadelphia (Jong Ka Jib - arguably the best Soondubu Jiggae in the entire Northeast), the spicy mushroom soondubu I had here was better than I've had at just about every other Korean restaurant. The space is clean, service is attentive, and the little vegetable side dishes are pretty good too. Prices are reasonable. So thrilled this place is here!!
Just came here again tonight after a pre-Cana class w my fiancé. Closing time was in half an hour and they were soooooo gracious to us and told us not to rush-food was slamming as usual and finally tried the ribs which were unique in that I wanted to keep putting more in my mouth but my stomach wouldn't let me :( The ribs almost Tasted like they had cinnamon sprinkled on them! Anyway the service here is EVERYTHING!!!!
On a recent trip to the H-Mart we were bemoaning the lack of good options for a late lunch in the area and finally noticed this new Korean restaurant on our 2nd drive-by.  And we were so glad we did. The menu is very limited - tofu soup or bibimbop.  And potstickers, kimchi pancake, and short ribs to go with. The potstickers were spectacular - crisp and tasty.  Possibly the best we've ever had on the east coast.  The tofu soup was also good though be forewarned that the spice levels assume a base interest in heat - the hot is actually hot.  The bibimbop was also one of the better ones we've had (we chose the kimchi bibimbop) though it may be too 'salad-y' and not traditional enough for some. And best of all the prices were actually reasonable.  Unlike some other Westchester Korean restaurants that charge whatever they wish because they can (where else are you going to go?)  So Gong Dong's prices show it's East village roots.
What a superb restaurant! Everything we ordered came out to perfection, served by a very attentive waitstaff. We had the veggie and meat dumplings to start, then the pancake, BBQ beef, short ribs, and chicken. Initial condiment dishes were periodically refilled. It seemed it hardly mattered what we chose, all the tables around us were having wondrous food that delighted the eye. No one around us left anything, neither did we. It's a small restaurant, no beer, wine or reservations. It's in the TJMax mini-mall at the north end of North Central Park Avenue, just north of the H Mart.
Be sure to try the tofu with noodles (kal guk soo). Bibimbap is also not what you typically see elsewhere - must try, it's delicious! Exceptional service as well!
Now I don't have to pay toll to get good soondubu.  Came here for the first time over the weekend.  Ordered the Mixed (seafood and beef) soondubu with regular spice.  Excellent!  The stone plate bibimbap was excellent as well.  I ordered the plain white dumpling soondubu with kalguksu (wheat knife-cut noodle)....it's essentially kalguksu with tofu in it (I heard the ramen is pretty much the same, too...ramen with tofu in it).  Very mild and my daughter loved it.  I asked them to put an egg in it since it doesn't come in a stone pot and the egg needs to cook in the kitchen.  Might be a good option for parents who's kids are not as adventurous but loves noodle soup.  Also order the fried beef dumpling appetizer...was a little greasy for my taste, but the filling is tasty.
Sure, it's not Flushing.  But if you want to save yourself the Metro North / 7 train / Whitestone Bridge odyssey to get your bulgogi fix, this place hits the mark.  The beef and pork bbq we ordered were both very tasty, the tofu was among the best I've had anywhere with a melt in your mouth texture, the portions were very big, the prices were reasonable, and when we ordered one of the dishes spicy it came out SPICY!  I was also pleasantly surprised at the decor of the place ... I was expecting a bland Central Ave strip mall store, but it was actually tastefully appointed.  You don't get a terribly large menu, there's no table bbq, and the accompaniments are more limited than a NYC Korean joint (for those of you that will sulk in the corner if you don't get your chilled pickled fish), but this place exceeded my expectations for the White Plains area and is also a good value for money.
Best Korean restaurant in Westchester!  The staff, food, ambiance, and even the complimentary tea are fabulous.  We loved the seafood pancake and the tofu spicy soup.  The lunch deal is awesome.
I was psyched that a soondubu place opened up, not too far from Hmart. We tried it today and it was good. However, if you've been to places like BCD it still doesn't compare. They don't give you a much pan chan and you have to pay extra for the water rice. I ordered the clam soondubu and they only gave me 4 clams. Otherwise the food was good and the service was great. In general the place was packed - it's not too big to begin with and the decor is nice.
I'm not Korean but have a few Korean friends and have been to many Korean restaurants. This place is "basic", this diner for a burger basic. The pictures on the menu look nothing like what you get. After pulling over randomly to check out the menu the picture of the spicy seafood stew pulled me in - I got three tiny clans and two tiny shrimp in a bowl full of silken tofu. Now, if I were a newbie this might pass, but I've had stews that match the picture in their menu, so the dish I got was a major disappointment. Nevertheless, it was tasty and spicy and service was good and friendly.
Everything was delicious and fresh. We had the beef ribs and stone plate - just wonderful. The staff was pleasant and the atmosphere was quiet. Also, not expensive. Definitely going back.
Decided to venture out of the city, and found this great place, best korean silken tofu stew in the area! Definitely top three among all the korean stews I've had. I work one block away from k-town in Manhattan - this place is far superior than many of the k-town places
Four of us came to try this restaurant when we finished the golf. Soon Du Bu was awesome. Service was terrific. Other than we've been waiting for food more than 20 minutes, everything was very good.
This is one of my new favorite places!  My asian friend took me here as an introduction to Korean food.  I am in love with the spicy tofu stew.  My family and I have been going for lunch each weekend since.
I was extremely excited when my husband and I discovered this place!  I have never been to any Korean restaurants in Westchester, and always had to drive over to queens for good Korean food. I thought I would never find a Korean restaurant or store!  Who would've known there would be a gigantic Korean supermarket and Korean tofu soup restaurant not even 200 feet from each other!!!!  I can't live too long without Korean food, so you can understand how happy I was to find this little gem.  Not only was the food great, but the service was too!  The staff was very attentive and always made sure we weren't running low on any banchan (side dishes) and water.  My husband had the Kalbi, which was seasoned well and good quality meat.  I had the beef kalguksu soondoobu (noodle soup with tofu).  You can order this in three different spicy levels - light, regular and very spicy.  I got the regular... And boy was it spicy, even for me!!  I was red as a tomato and sweating as I ate each bite but enjoyed every bite!  I am excited to go back to try the other foods they offered on their menu.
This place is amazing. Free side dishes (kimchi, pickled veg, sprouts, etc.) unlimited, and extremely tasty food. Reasonably priced and great service. I love this place.
Everything was delicious and super nice. Can't wait to go back.
Finally great Korean food that does not involve driving to Manhattan or Fort Lee. Considering this place is relatively new, I was surprised that there was a short wait for a table for two on a Friday night. However, it is worth the wait. Pork bulgogi was excellent, seafood tofu stew was solid and service was fast considering how busy they were. Will definitely go back.
Beef short ribs and tofu soup were awesome. Great service. Great food. We'll definitely come again.
I loved the idea of the food they were offering but the execution was disappointing. Granted we went there when they first opened but they couldn't serve up some of the dishes on the menu for reasons unexplained to us. We ordered beef dumplings and they brought us vegetable dumplings. Only when asked they told us they ran out of the beef dumplings. It would have been nice if they told us beforehand. We will give them a year or more before trying them again.
