Best pollo a la brasa mmmmm  omg !   tender juicy  perfect roasted chicken. You can't beat the  great deal with the rice beans and salad here Awesome churros as well fried fresh to order. Friendly fast service as well. Looking forward to try other items but you can't beat the chicken They  don't have lots of space to just a counter and 2 tables and chair so always get it to go.
Really good food here I had a 1/4 chicken white meat with rice and fries. The chicken was seasoned really well and very moist. He said they marinade it overnight. The only rice they have is yellow with beans already cooked in them so some people might not like it but you can always get the chicken with a side of fries and salad. Very small place only seats 10, 4 at the counter a 4 person table and a 2 person table. Basically hole in the wall but quality food.
I like their polo chicken but they have reduced their portions a lot. I am starting to dislike the place.
I don't understand why this place is named chili dog when Pollo A La Brasa (Peruvian style roast chicken) is their speciality. I come here pretty often because the food is delicious and dirt cheap. For less than 10 dollars, you get a platter with tons of rice n beans, garden salad and half of a chicken. If you eat at the counter, you get all of their delicious green sauce you want. If you order take out, you get a measly little cup of it. Every additional cup will cost you 50 cents. On a side note, I have tried the chili dogs here before. Nothing spectacular.  I give them a 2/5.  My rating is based on the pollo a la brasa.
The chicken and rice here is phenomenal and don't forget to ask for the hot sauce, they are just the right spice for tie chicken. The place needs a little TLC but the 2 people working here are friendly and very attentive.
OMG, Chili Dog has the best chicken I've eaten in my life. It was so good that I forgot to review it. It's tender, juicy... and even the smallest size is served in a portion that will last you at least two days. Pair that with the rice and beans, and THAT GREEN SAUCE, HOLY BALLS IT'S A FLAVOR EXPERIENCE IN MY MOUTH. I apologize for the capital letters. But you have to understand just how good  this pollo is. I haven't tried the chili, nor the dogs, or the famous salchipapas, as the portions here are too big so I only come here when ravenous. But, please, Chili Dog, don't ever close. I need your pollo in my life. No brotip, just sweet roasted pollo love.
Good food and cheap prices. Really enjoy their classic chili dogs, and pollo a la brasa (rotisserie chicken). Can't really spend more than 8 bucks on a great Meal. They are really a hole in the wall opposite of the new ro chelle train station. No credit cards, and no street parking available. They do deliver! Make sure you get extra green sauce!
The name on the door is deceiving, it isn't primarily a Chili Dog place. Their menu has few chili food options compared to Hubba's in Port Chester and Pat's Hubba Hubba in Stamford. You can get a Chili Dog, a Chili Burger, and Salchipa's (which I am yet to try). If you would like cheese, it is a cheese sauce, which is very messy. I would recommend that they use cheese slices for the cheese dogs. Now with all that being said, the chili alone is amazing. I would say that it's better than Hubba's or Pat's Hubba Hubba, but I am too loyal to make that call just yet. I have only had the chili dogs and I must say, DELICIOUS!!! If you want a simple chili dog, this is that place to go, seating is minimal, but there is never a wait and the chili dogs are ready in minutes. I highly recommend this place to anyone that just wants a chili dog or a bowl of chili. If you want more options for your chili, then stick with Hubba's in Port Chester, but don't count this place out, the chili is just as good.
Really solid chili dog for a reasonable price
AWESOME CHICKEN WITH RICE AND BEANS and there is some green sauce (acuete? ) that is amazing... great fries too but i havent had anything else
Some of the best chili and rotisserie chicken I've ever had. Everything is packed with flavor and the chili has some good heat to it. There's not much seating so be prepared to take your food to go.
The chicken rice salad combos taste good. But really hope the hygiene of the operating area could seriously improve, with cleaner hands!
It's a complete hole in the wall.  Really good rotisserie chicken...very tender, juicy, and flavorful.  We ordered the 1/2 chicken with rice and beans and salchipapas (french fries and hot dog) with chili and cheese.  If you're familiar with Pio Pio in Queens or Manhattan, the chicken is similar and they also serve the crack-like green sauce (aji).  The aji is not as good as Pio Pio, BUT I still enjoyed it.  They also have a red sauce that actually has more kick.  Their chili is very spicy and not very watery.  It's mostly ground beef simmered in spices.  Delicious!  If you're going to try the chili on the salchipapa, I would recommend getting the cheese sauce, too, to cut the spice.  If I wasn't afraid of getting a heart attack, I would probably eat a plate of the salchipapa with chili and cheese by myself.
Really good food here. Fast service and they serve you big plates. It is also really cheap here to eat. I spent about 15 bucks for two people. They only accept cash here. Also there is no parking in front of the place you will have to park about a block away which is not that far.
Great chicken and a good to go meal, didn't try any of the garbage plate items but you know what your getting into via the name so if your into grease then your golden.
Chili Dog is definitely a great hole-in-the-wall place.  It is right near the New Rochelle Metro North train station.  They have excellent BLT sandwiches and tasty chicken fingers.  Chili Dog also have a selection of Cuban dishes that I haven't tried yet.  They have limited seating.  Great for carryout.  Warning: They are picky with where they will deliver.  But their prices are good and cheap for great portions of tasty American food (Cuban too).
This place is so good. There known for there pollo a la brasa a roared chicken with rice and beans. The salchipapas are amazing. It's best to call and place your order Nd swing by to pick it up before going home. There are 2 tables and seats along the counter. A small place next to the train station so it's very convenient if you want to take food with you on the train or something. Try it it's cheap and you get allot of food.  *CASH ONLY*
you need a parking spot!
Great food.  I highly recommend the chicken and the Cuban sandwich.
Amazing chicken, great salchpapa, the restaurant is a little small but the food is worth it!!!
sorry but Chili Dog sucks i dont like the food.. and let me tell you the sauce that u r talking about is Peruvian anyways i try that before and if you wanna go to a really good restaurant is pio pio that's located in Queens, Ny
