The fact that five guys is a food chain and still has amazing food is extremely good. I come here after shopping for a quick bite. The burgers are always fresh & so are the fries. I love how while youre waiting you can snack on some nuts! Lol anyways this place is a perfect spot if youre looking for a quick bite but good food!
For a great cheap and cheerful burger, GO HERE. Fast, friendly, delicious! The free peanut "appetizers" are a good idea and the fries aren't the best, but the burgers ROCK!
We really enjoy Five Guys.  My husband loves their burgers and so do my kids.  It is great that they have hot dogs and grilled cheese sandwiches.   I just wish they added some chicken or maybe a salad. Even though the line might by long it usually goes by really fast.   Their fries are yummy.  Just note that if you are allergic to peanuts you should stay away, they have peanuts everywhere!
I love five guys the food is on point . But their staff is annoying ... I hate when people who are supposed to be preparing food are constantly Flirting . It is very distasteful. And far from attractive.
Five Guys makes Shake Shack burgers and the entire Shake Shack experience an epic waste of time. I've been wanting to come here for ages, and I've passed by nearly all their other New York locations. Since my summer vacation is drawing to a close, I decided to finally drop by and see what all the fuss was about. The line was pretty short (around 1 PM on a weekday) so the order was taken. Prices are a little expensive, but far cheaper than its counterparts. Bear in mind: a regular cheeseburger is actually a double, so I ordered it to share. Also, the REGULAR fries are enough to share. It's a cup of fries, but it's STUFFED. Your bag will be full of fries that you will have to dig through to find your burger. The orders do take a while to be made, but I find comfort in that knowing my meal wasn't roasting in the sun for days. While you wait, they have free peanuts and soda choices and refills up the wazoo. I don't know what Pibb is exactly, but it's good! They also earn points for playing EXCELLENT classic rock. On to the meal: the burger was scrumptious. It tasted like a burger made at home. The portion was hefty, the meat was moist, and the cheese was melted well. Grilled onions and mushrooms add a savory touch (free mushrooms for the WIN!). The fries were crispy and potato-y, with just the right amount of salt. On the wall are index cards and crayons that you can draw on and display your artistic talents. I'm glad to have Five Guys in my life ;D Brotip: Get a fork if you order a burger with everything. Trust me.
This location just opened within the last few weeks and I finally got a chance to stop by this afternoon... ...And holy shit was it mobbed.  Not quite Shake Shack mobbed, but it was seriously busy.  I normally wouldn't wait 15 minutes to order my food and then another 10-15 for it to be made; but I was starving and I had gotten myself so worked up to eat Five Guys that there was no backing out because of a little line. The interior is arranged so that after you place your order you step to the right and queue up on one side of a glass partition where you can see the employees making your burger on the other side.  The only problem is that you can see them screwing up your order.  Because of the glass between you, letting them know is an awkward process that involves tapping, hand signals and/or sign language.   If that all fails, shouting. I know it was packed but, despite a lot of staff, the cooking and food preparation was painfully slow.  There was one guy doing a final check of each burger, wrapping it, taping the receipt to it and finally walking it over to place it in bags.  Every order in the line was backing up on him because he had so much more to do than everyone before him.  There's gotta be a better way to do this.  Maybe it seemed slower because I was forced to stand there and watch it unfold. On to the food. The burger was great, as Five Guys always are.  It was actually less greasy than the other locations I've been to. Unfortunately the fries were undercooked and I ended up tossing most of them.  Huge bummer because their Cajun fries, when properly cooked, are the absolute best fries in the world. It just opened and they're probably having some normal growing pains compounded by massive crowds.  I trust they'll have their act together very soon. I was impressed that the manager was taking a very active role in making sure things were going smoothly.  It seemed like every time I looked up he was in a different place.  From expediting the order pick-ups to attending to a customer at the other side of the restaurant.   I'll give it another try in a few weeks and see if the crowds have died down a bit and the service is a little more on point.
Juicy, messy burgers. Fat crunchy fries.   With the exception of hot dogs, Five Guys specializes in just burgers.  With that narrow focus, they can't, and don't go wrong.  Place your order, request extra toppings for free (choice of grilled onions, mushroom, tomato, pickle, mayo etc.) and munch on the free peanuts while you wait patiently for your number to be called.   This location is finely situated in Pelham, close to Fairway and BJ's.  It's a very casual dining area with a huge soft drink station for free refills.  The establishment is kept generally clean, albeit a bit cluttered. But it's the burgers here that do the trick.  It's food that's cooked to order, so I don't mind the wait, and by the time I'm done, my fingers are a joyous mess, my stomach is full and my wallet stays full.
Huge fan of Five Guys.  This is a great location too, we come up here to shop at the Fairway and BJ's fairly often and almost every trip includes a meal here.  Service is usually quick and efficient, we've never had to wait long even when they are super busy....For those of you saying it took awhile, you do realize they are cooking your food to order correct??? This isn't McD's...you gotta give 'em some time. 5 stars for the burger.  One of the best you can get, and the locations are all very consistent.  I also love the whole idea of one price and throwing whatever toppings you want on there.   I get a different burger every time.  As many have pointed out, the regular is a double and the little is a single...choose wisely(double!). 3 stars for the fries.  I know, I know, everyone loves these fries, but I'm not impressed.  I'll eat some of my wife's when she orders them, but I don't bother getting my own.  NOTE: For the average person, 1 order of fries is enough for 2 people.  They fill up the container, and then dump another scoop into your bag.  Plenty of fries.
Great tasting burger with plenty of flavor. The bun, the cheese and the condiments make this pretty damn good. The service isn't bad, be expected to wait about 5-10 mins. My issue are the fries. Last time I tried the "house" fries which were flavorless. This time I tried and Canjun fries and they were as bad. Same fries sprinkled with some spicy kind of dust. Pretty wack if you ask me. I like the location, but they need more seating. I was forced to get my order to go, well because peeps were just chillin' at tables eating peanuts. Oh well, stick with the burgers and the peanuts and get your order to go.
I'm love burgers and I enjoy five guys. I do have my other local hambugers. I don't eat hambugers every week but every few months when I am in the mood for a burger I like to come here or to shake shack. My husbands first time coming here and he enjoyed it. He loved that they didn't charge you for every topping like most places do. The one that passed the test for me was my daughter. She is a picky eater and at most times will leave her food or pick off of our plates but she finished her burger way before I even had a chance to take a picture of it lol. My husband liked that it wasn't fancy, he always says you don't need fancy to make a good burger and boy was he right. You actually feel like you are hanging out at a picnic or bbq. They have boxes of salted peanuts for you to munch on while you wait for your order. I'm giving it four stars even though they got my order wrong. I went back to the counter and the guy not only apologized but offered free bacon lol. I'm a meat lover so this was an added plus for me. We will definitely be coming here more often.
Typical yelpers saying that Five Guys is better than Shake Shack RELAX! These are probably the type of people that if you blindfolded them and told them to pick a Mcdonald's burger or a Black Label Burger from Minetta Tavern there their tastebuds would take them towards good old Ronald Mcdonald. The trans free food delight that is Five Guys I have to admit is as good as advertised. This location is in the new disastrous Pelham Bay shopping center, don't get me wrong its much nicer than what it was, but the traffic and erratic driving makes it a little crazy to get to, but there is a ton of parking. The eatery looks pretty new and spiffy, staff seems to be working super hard pumping out orders left and right. The customers were mostly older people and a few parents with their children. I decided that i wanted a Hamburger with Fries combo, no drink since i already had a water with me. They cook your food in Peanut oil which is healthier for you in the long run. Not saying fast food is healthy at all because it isn't but anything they can do to lessen the effects helps. Also you get to throw as many toppings as you want on the burger and they have plenty of choices. So i put on grilled onions, pickles, bbq sauce, bacon and some jalapeno peppers. I didn't have to wait to long for my order i'd say an average time of about 5-7 minutes i waited but i can understand b/c they had a ton of people in there on a Saturday. When i got home i fully immersed my self into a fast food glutton, i may have the physique of a soccer player but after I was done eating i felt bloated like Chaz Bono. You would think with all those toppings the burger would have some pop to it right? Meh it was good not amazing good not Bareburger!!!! (take the hint) good but just meh good. So to enhance the burger i threw on some sweet baby ray's bbq sauce, and of course instantly it turned into the greatest thing in the world. Plus i'll have to say they stack on the toppings and two patties instead of one, very nice! The highlight of the meal were the Fries, seriously seriously seriously ! Cooking them in Peanut Oil,  seriously makes me a fry junkie it's like they have been dipped in crack (as one review had suggested) So true, i could have literally eaten a plate of fries and been happy, maybe they need to do offer that on the menu as an option, i'll buy it.
Okay this is our frost time here, some let's see how the burgers taste, when we try to come in here the first time we saw this place, the line was going out the door. We then said to each other that we had to taste this awesome meal. Wow the burger are great! Love it and that are huge, this is the second burger I had to cut in have to eat. By the boss got his hot dog under control
I was estatic when I heard they were opening up a 5 Guys within a 5 min drive from me.. So far I've been lucky where I haven't had to been stuck on a line that moves at a snails pace..I get to the front place my order for a burger(lettuce, tomato, raw onion and mayo/ketchup) and large fries(which they always ask me if I'm sure on that cause the large is for 2 people and whatnot) I assure them that I'll survive(mmmmmmmmmmm FRIES) and I ask for a small drink...free refills is the word..and they have Pibb Xtra which to me is like an addiction I normally don't get to satisfy! While the burgers are filling and tasty I wish the fries had more of a crunch to them..So far they've been a bit soggy, BUT they overpile the fries in the bag so theres spillage..So just when you think you're done..Theres a few more in the bag to scarf down!
This bacon burger is the messiest delicious thing I have consumed thus far. Ketchup on each slab of meat throw in some fries and watch your toppings shoot out all over the place. Fetus baby meet food baby
There are so many burger locations opening up and sometimes they offer other "specialities" on their menu (ie, Shake Shack or Cheeburger Cheeburger) that I find Five Guys Burgers and Fries to be the cheapest and tastiest option around!  For 5 dollars you an get a burger and put ANYTHING on it you want.  The small fries are large enough to share and they have free refills!   If you get impatient about the wait, they offer you free peanuts which are rather tasty.
I'm confused. I had gone into a Five Guys Burgers in Manhattan a few months back and walked right out because I balked at the $12 pricetags on the burgers, without fries. Now I feel crazy because these burgers in Pelham were only $6 and my sister tells me it's always been so. Anyhoom when I arrived at this location, there was no line, but there were alot of people sitting around eating peanuts. Weird. Like Chipotle, they have Mr. Pibb :) I like their music....I was able to sing along to "Moving Out" in between bites. Biggg burgers. Bring your appetite, for the love of all that is yummy. You pay for the burger or cheeseburger and all the toppings (lettuce, tomato, sauteed onions/mushrooms, bbq sauce, mustard, pickles...tra la la) are FREE. It gets pretty messy if you are overzealous like me and order a burger with everything, hold the tomatoes. They have veggie burgers too, but I don't like going out on a limb with vegetarian "meats" unless it's free (i.e. generous vegetarian friends or church potlucks) :) Apparently the default is a double patty burger. For a second there I thought they just liked me but my sisters discovered the same with their burgers. They have cajun and regular fries in regular and large. Order the regular in a regular. I wasn't in love with the cajun seasoning and the large cup is BEASTLY. My sister and I, with our endearingly bottomless stomachs, wanted to share a large and we were struggling. You have a cow in one hand and 10 potatoes in a cup...it's hard. There were still fries at the bottom of the paper bag. And I don't mean 4 or 5 stragglers, I mean the bottom of the bag was covered an inch deep with fries. We threw those out. We do NOT like to waste food. Next time we are sharing a regular.
Great burgers & fries. Wait time is lengthy so hopefully you're not hungrier than a hostage when you arrive. They charge separate for everything so for a burger, fries and drink it'll run you about $10. The burgers automatically come double so if you can't handle the cholesterol lol order a "little burger" which is 1 patty. Otherwise, everything is worth it. It's fresh, they don't skimp on ingredients & for now the service is great. It is very busy but hey a great burger is worth it & Five Guys burgers are WAY better than Shake Shack if I must say!
I was going to update this review thinking I only gave them 4 stars.  It was five before and wish I could give them more.  The food is great, but that's not pushes me over.  It's their service.  The guys behind the grill and the woman who cleans the dining area are just amazingly friendly.  It doesn't feel like a fast food place for us.  Really feels like a family restaurant.
Good food, and the burgers are great. The orders come out a little slow but its worth it. The fries are the best part.
Great burgers and fries surprisingly! Need I say more?! Kind of greasy at times but it's worth the heartburn afterwards, trust me!!
I live in the Bronx, this resturants on the border line with Yonkers which is far from the Bronx if you don't have a car. These burgers are so good that me and my brothers take a 2 hour bus ride once or even twice a month just to go eat here, they are so good in fact we have to order 2 burgers when we get here, we spend at least $50 bucks on each visit because we even take a burger and fries to go. I love this place so much I'm thinking about becoming a franchise. Unlimited peanuts, and the drinks are free refill all you can drink, they basically dump a ton of fries in your bag like literally one order of fries can feed two to three people easy; the atmosphere is great and its in Pelham Manor Mall tons of places to shop after eating here, what else could you ask for?
First of all Tip these guys and gals real good they deserve it. The burgers are absolutely Burgerlicious,fries? lovemaking lol you ask for large fries take everything out the brown bag and Bang! all these extra fries. That other burger K place and Mc ? Never again. Btw check out president Obama when he treats his staff and reporter to Burgers from Five guys, on U TUBE. Like this  place very much. TIP THEM WELL. STAFF IS VERY FRIENDLY.I'll try to thank them by names.
Great burgers, awesome fries, friendly staff..do you need anything else?
Great burger and fries!!!! I definitely will be back here for lunch!!!
It's your typical Five Guys, what separates this from the rest though, is that the crowd can be overwhelming. I went in during the afternoon on a Sunday but the lines were reminiscent of Black Friday. Eventually the hype of the place will die down, I can understand why it is as crowded as it is though since it's the only Five Guys in proximity to Westchester/Bronx that doesn't require crossing a bridge. The food is basically that of any other Five Guys and the inclusion of Mr. Pibb and Mello Yello at the fountain is always welcome.
I really like this place. The burgers are great, not greasy like some people say. Lots of toppings to choose from, or have em all-that's what I do. It is messy, but it is also delicious. The fries are good...not my favorite. For some reason mine are always slightly overcooked. But whatevs they got cherry Pibb on tap, and I fully support that. Oh if they're busy, have some complimentary peanuts while you wait. You shell them yourself and I don't know why but its kind of fun.
Burgers and fries are great, but don't look at the calories!!! Will def make you think twice ;)
Best burger I have ever had!!!!!! Very fast and I can actually taste the potatoes in the fries and the beef in the burgers! They actually get their potatoes from a different place everyday! So moist, juicy and succulent and they really do give you a lot of (trans fat free) fries! We ordered a regular order of fries and they gave us enough to fill the bottom of the paper bag. Awesome free toppings too!
This is the closest thing you will find to an In-N-out on the east coast. 5 guys is 2nd best. There a little expensive like 11Dollars for a burger, fries, and a drink. That's a little to much (5.50 is the meal at in n out) and 7 dollars for a meal at other fast food joints. The service is average, you place your order with someone who pretends to be nice and you wait till they make your food. You have to be lucky to find a seat here. Parking is more then enough and I will give this place a 4 only because I feel you overpay for what this place is for.
Been a fan for years now and this place never fails me love the burgers here. I'm glad they made a five guys here.
I live down the block & I used to come here at least once a week. The burgers are great because you can make your own. The also have hot dogs. I love their Cajun fries! They also have free peanuts to eat while you wait. The line isn't too busy so they have fast service.
For a great American Burger & Fries this is indeed the spot.  I will indeed recommend that anyone looking to eat a great Burger to make sure they go to this great spot.  Yes, you will have to wait in line but, it's worth it you will not be disappointed by any means.  I went on a raining Saturday and still the line was big but it did move fairly fast and the food was great.  You will indeed enjoy a real American Burger & Fries.
Finally, a Five Guys in Westchester! We waited about 15 minutes for our food, but it was worth the wait. They also have the option to order your food online. (Probably will do this next time). I ordered the little cheeseburger with lettuce, mayo, ketchup and pickles. Delicious! However, I have never been a fan of Five Guys' fries. (cough*Shake Shack all the way*cough) Be aware, if you do order the fries, the regular ($2.79) has enough fries to feed about 3 people, so order wisely.
I know I shouldn't, but I get  a burger from this place about once a month.  They are so addictive.  You need to be patient because it gets crowded, especially at night. I always get the little bacon cheeseburger and the fries. The fries don't have a lot of seasoning which I like because I would like to control how much salt and pepper I want on them.  I also like the free peanuts I can munch on while I'm waiting for my burger to cook.  Good food.
I kept hearing about this place so I took a chance. I was pleased and disapointed at the same time. Burgers were good but the fresh cut french fries were a soggy mess.
I love five guys! But I went to this location Wednesday evening and bought dinner for three. The next day we were all sick from food poisoning!
