I am not a big fan of hotdogs,  but this place is unique! I fell in love with this place after having a hot dog from here. Its like once you have a walters hotdog, you don't want to try any others. Honestly one of the best I've had. Their sides such as the tots are very good. The outdoor seating is peaceful. Sometimes lines get long during lunch hours but other than that it's worth the wait.
A bit over-hyped. The mild hot dogs are small and don't have a lot of snap. I like the option of putting two in one bun for a better meat/roll ratio. The fries are quite good, and it's pleasant to sit outside in the garden. However, I do not think this place compares with the temples of the hot dog art like Pink's or Super Duper Weenie.
Delicious hot dogs, amazing home made mustard, yummy fries and awesome milkshakes. Not sure why anyone would give Walter's less than 5 stars!
Just discovered this place. Great snap to their dogs. I liked them split and simply made. Not fancy but good! We got the waffle sweet potato fries. Yum as well. Nice little tidy park area to sit. No complaints here!
Good franks....split and cooked well and the buns were grilled with a slight toast. Only topping available is a great mustard/relish topping that is supposed to be world renowned. I am a NC guy who eats his dogs with mustard, chili, onions, slaw......or mustard and chili, or with kraut and mustard.   Not a diner but a walk up and order and eat in your car or the picnic  area they have beside in a shady area. $2.20 for a single dog and they have double dogs in a single bun. I like NC dogs better but the history and taste of this place is something you need to experience.
There's totally nothing special about in-house made hotdogs with beef, pork, and lamb. Everybody puts lamb in their hotdogs. And so what if they split-fry their hotdogs with real butter and minced onions? That's common place. Why would I want a flavorful and historical hot dog grilled to perfection when I could just have a boiled hotdog with a nice soggy bun, for the same price? *Update* Apparently it's not lamb, but veal. Kind of sad, but too delicious :/ Still 5 stars.
Walter's has the best hot dogs in the country no doubt about it. The mustard is amazing - make sure you bring a bottle home!
A former colleague told me about this place and I was finally nearby.  The hotdogs like many have said are really just ok.  I would be super disappointed if I had waited on a long line for them.  Today the line was short maybe 3 or 4 people ahead of us.  The potato puffs were pretty delicious.  They were like little potato croquettes.  The sweet spuds are discontinued so we didn't get to to try those and the curly fries were just ok too. The milkshakes were very good.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go this place.  I have had way better hotdogs elsewhere. Hot Doug's in Chicago is still my fave hot dog spot.
When I moved nearby I always saw about 20 people on line waiting to be served. I couldn't wait to try and was sadly disappointed. I honestly don't know what all the hype is. Hot dogs are,,,,, I Guess- okay :(
The Best there is. I stop whenever I am back in town.
Great hot dogs.  The secret is the sliced-in-half style & the buttah!
Not my favorite place for hot dogs. I don't even like hot dogs, but there are a few locations in New York that I will eat hot dogs. Don't really find them that appealing. You order at the counter and proceed to either eat in your car, or walk down a hill to some picnic tables. Would prefer for this to be a Chinese restaurant with a pagoda as a roof. That I love. Prices are fairly cheap, about $2.00 for a small hot dog. Popular place, so there might be a long line of people. Their sides are good, like the potato puffs. Too greasy and soggy. Hot dogs, so much grease on the wrapper it's not even funny. Hot dogs taste alright, pretty good. Hot dogs served quickly and were really hot.
If your'e not giving this place 5 stars then you must have some sort of vendetta against this Westchester County landmark.  Easily one of my favorite places to eat...in the world.  Get some!
Mustard was good, the rest was awfully mediocre. Maybe I was just spoiled growing up in Buffalo and having Ted's nearby but really everyone Walter's was nothing to write hone about. And who cuts a hotdog down the middle to cook it???
The hot dogs here are great.  Unfortunately, they've renovated and although they insist their new system is more efficient it seems to take longer to get your hot dogs now.  I was there today with my daughter and several people were saying the same thing.   One Sunday afternoon a few weeks ago it took 45 minutes to get our food which is completely unreasonable.  The lines were so long they stretched dangerously into the parking lot.  Several people drove away when they saw how long the lines were and I think others didn't leave because it would take too long to go somewhere else. I sent an e-mail to them through their website after that experience and they explained they were delayed because of several large orders.  After my experience today and after hearing the comments of life long customers I am not sure that problem was isolated which is a shame. We've been going to Walter's for several years and are used to waiting 20 minutes or so for our food.  That's not a problem.  But, 45 minutes is unacceptable even if it's on a weekend and that's the shame of the matter.  Walter's makes great hot dogs and the experience used to be very pleasant.  However, if long lines persist this will be a pleasure that my family and I will forego.
Someone had really hyped this place up for me so I was pretty stoked to try it. Didn't quite live up to expectations. It was a decent hot dog but I've had better on multiple occasions. I was a little surprised to see that it was split down the middle....and I am not sure that I liked that idea. But it's their own unique take on the hot dog and I respect that. That being said, I love little historical places like this that have withstood the test of time. I don't know if you will appreciate their take on the hot dog. Regardless whether it's a hit or miss with you, you will have a new experience and a fun foodie field trip under your belt. Food is an experience so stop reading reviews and go experience it!
I don't get it.....It's a hot dog sliced down the middle and fried. Sorry to break it to the population that thinks this is so great, but black people have been frying hot dogs since the dawn of time ( we fry everything)! My Caucasian friends forced me to go here in high school and when I finally realized what it was I laughed Since then I've stopped here on occasion when I wanted something quick but it was never anything special. Oh and make sure you only like ketchup, mustard, or nothing on your hot dog cause that's all they offer
Purported as the greatest hot dog ever. It was a split dog, griddled and served on a standard bun with spicy brown mustard. Decent, but unfulfilling.
The best. Period. Pe. Ri. Od. The gold standard of how to perfectly cook a perfect hot dog. Worth the drive. Historical in every sense.
I will never understand the hype about this place.  I've gone THREE times, just to really prove to myself how NOT good it is. Yes, the hot dogs are split and cooked in butter (I think), right?  They still taste like regular hot dogs.  Not even as good as Nathan's or Boar's Head.  I've tried a few of the varieties of fries, and none were great - in fact, the curly fries were filled with grease and NOT good.  Tasted like something you'd buy at a carnival. What do you expect?  It's staffed by a bunch of what looks like high school kids.  This isn't fine dining.  It's an overpriced gimmick. The cute pagoda and outdoor seating may make it enjoyable for some, but the food itself is just regular hot dogs and greasy fries.
I was not at all impressed. I'd read that Walter's hot dogs are made with a special meat blend, are split and grilled to get a little char on the inside, then served on a buttered bun with a house-made mustard. I thought this sounded delicious and, given all of these special touches, I was expecting a really tasty dog. The hot dog I got was just bland and kind of mushy. There was nothing special about it. We also ordered a fried sweet potato thing that was really weird. I'm convinced that they breaded and deep fried baby food. Anyway, I feel like a killjoy writing a negative review of such a beloved place, but it just didn't live up to the hype.
Love Love Love Walter's! I haven't been there in forever and I have been craving it!! Why are they closed until April?? Can't come soon enough.
IS A HOT DOG STILL A HOT DOG  WHEN IT's BEEN SLICED DOWN THE MIDDLE,  I THINK NOT! Housed in a out of place Asian looking building is Walter's Westchester's claim to dog fame. Excited when seeing a line of patrons waiting to get to the window. My turn ordered a plain dog, second one told no onions only a relish mustard so I took one. First thought, the sliced dog doesn't fill the bun. Worst of all it's missing the SNAP AND THE SQUIRT that a real dog has!
Walter's is one of the most unique and tasty dogs you will ever have.  Split in half and then grilled in butter...it is probably a veal or veal/pork dog.  Can someone confirm? The grilled dog (best served as a Double!) is rich and smoky and buttery.  It tastes more like a Bavarian wurst than a regular hot dog.  It has that satisfying SNAP! that all fresh hot dogs should and their fries are quite good as well! While Papaya King is my all time favorite, Walter's is a dog I will travel for.
Worth the wait in line on a nice day. Came here all through my childhood years.. The fries were always delicious and the tastiest hot dogs ever. They split open the dogs and add butter...Also butter and toast the delicious rolls.  And their relish mustard - delish.. I buy this by the jar to bring home. As for their egg cream - skip it. The problem this last year was I don't know if they are rushing or what but the dogs have been underdone and not nearly as good as they could and should (and used to) be.  Hopefully Walters gets it together here and gets them back to 5 star hot dogs.
Well the famous Walter's -- a great old place in many ways, I love the genuine old-school (and rather odd) pagoda facade.  Been passing this place now and then my whole life but in my memory, never been there till today (I grew up in New Rochelle, NY, 1 town over).  And PS, they do NOT take credit cards, wrongly stated above. Sorry to break from the pack here but...overrated.  The veal dogs are pretty small (only a double would satisfy anyone larger than 100 lbs frame, or you'd need 2 or 3 single dogs), and as others have noted they are a bit rubbery but that butter-fried taste and the toasted buns are a nice yummy touch for sure.  The curly fries were very good, the vanilla milk shake tasty but rather small ("4 scoops"...really??), but the sweet potato puffs were weird...finger sized fried things with goey orange sweet potato paste on the inside -- fail on that one.   Recommended to try this in the off-hours when line is short just for a taste of old-time Westchester history, but for a real frankfurter, get some Schaller & Weber dogs and cook 'em up yourself or, as others have stated, try Grey's Papaya in NYC for a snappy, inexpensive toxo-dog treat.
WALTERS ROCKS MY SOCKS! The line is worth it! The hot dogs are peeeerrfect... I want to go home right now and eat one.. the spuds are good too, yummm.. Cheap, yummy, addidcting.. I don't know what else to say *drooling*  I wish I could have one right now.
The BEST hotdogs anywhere around!! Wicked cheap and wicked good!  Always get the Walter's mustard mix which I believe is mixed with relish and something else.... sooo good!  Their lemonade is made fresh as well and is really good and they even have italian ices!  So simple yet so delicious!  The hotdogs are split down the middle and grilled to perfection and the buns are also grilled but never overdone!  Oh and their shakes are good too! Yes, there's a rather long line that can take a while but grab a book or a friend and stand in the line because it will be worth the wait I can guarantee 110%!
Best dogs and curly fries.  Take home their mustard relish.  It is to die for!
They're not your typical grilled hot dogs, like someone mentioned, more like a wurst (color and texture). They're grilled in butter with a bun that's toasted to perfection. Honestly, the bun was probably my favorite part. Not that the hot dog was bad, but I felt that the bread was that good. It's one of those places that doesn't have kraut or onion - they let the hot dog speak for itself. Luckily when I went, there was no line, but based on how long it took for our quick order, I can see that this place could use a visit from a logistics consultant. Perhaps they'll pay in hot dogs? At about $6 for 2 hot dogs and an order of fries, you could be looking at a nice pay day.
I dont really understand what is so special about these Hot Dogs...  Any random dirty water dog in nyc beats em hands down... pass....
I'd rate this a 3.5 I had 2 single dogs (1 with mustard), potato puff, and a root beer. The hot dogs are like what everyone says: cut in half, grilled in butter, toasted bun. It's exactly how you'd imagine it to be. Their Potato Puffs are pretty cool! it's a fried ball of mashed potato. Definitely unique. I'm sorry but I don't see the hype. Definitely not worth the wait when there's a line. And the line moves REAL SLOW! It's not like you're in Hollywood, waiting in line for Pink's Hot Dogs for that possible celebrity sighting to make it all worth it. So check it out if the line seems tolerable to you. if you wait too long, it's going to be a let down. Not worth the drive from someplace far like Queens.
Hubby saw this place on the food network and knowing I'm a hotdog fanatic surprised me by bringing a few home for me to try. My favorite food is the all American wiener. The shape, the snap, the squirt the salty garlic taste and aroma, and the way it sits in my mouth just sets me off. Unfortunately, this dog was burnt, dry, lifeless and cut in half! Imagine the disappointment. I never thought you could ruin a hot dog but evidently someone found a way to. What a sin to waste weiners like this!
You can get your dog with: -Their special mustard, with relish mixed in -Regular mustard -Ketchup NO OTHER TOPPINGS --- I love it. You cannot beat Walter's. Even in it's imperfections, it is perfect. There are no tourist attractions in Mamaroneck, the stand is not off a main highway; yet there is a line 30 people deep. Walter's is the destination for hundreds and hundreds of people every day. What a testament! They have a little park beside it in a valley. Plenty of tables and grass. I feel like I am at a highway rest stop.
When I have a hot dog, I always measure it in comparison to Walter's.  Walter's hot dogs, split down the center and grilled to perfection, are something you should eat before you die.  Definitely get the curly fries too, which are absolutely amazing.   Sure you will have to wait in line for a bit, but if the weather's nice that won't matter.  Plus, the anticipation really builds up and the hot dogs taste that much better when you finally have one.  Prices are awesome so no worry there.
My friend just lives around the corner so it's a must-visit whenever I'm in town. Oh Walter, why do I love thee? Let me count the ways. 1. They make their own hot dogs using a blend of meat that won't cause the dogs to curl up when they're grilled. 2. Grilled to perfection. Little crusty caramelized grill bits on the dogs. 3. Its simplicity. You just want to enjoy the hot dog itself, not buried in a bunch of stuff like a Chicago dog. 4. Mustard sauce. Savory with a touch of sweet. 5. Potato puffs. Little cones of deep fried mashed potato goodness. Sure, dirty water hot dogs are good too but if you happen to be in the area, definitely stop by.
These are the best not-at-all-all-beef hot dogs I can imagine.  Sliced open and perfectly browned, sogging up a toasted bun just enough but not so much that the bun loses it chewiness or toasty crust. Great curly fries and milkshakes, too. Waiting in line, approaching the Walter's pagoda-style hotdog hut, compounds the whole experience - anticipation and excitement all around you.  Oh, it's going to be good.
Walter's make you feel sorry for the people too health-conscious to eat hot dogs.  These are some of the most wonderful hotdogs I have ever eaten.  Split in half just like my grandma makes them, grilled, and cradled in a toasted bun.  I ordered a Double smothered in ketchup and mustard [there was relish in the mustard; how awesome is that?] and served up hot this noon.  I tried to savor the flavors but the thing was gone in four bites. The potato puffs and sweet spuds are equally amazing.  I am not a huge fan of fried foods but these made me change my mind.  For those of you who have no had the pleasure, the potato puffs are like large acorn shaped balls of mash potatoes in a nice fried casing.  Same thing goes for the sweet spuds, except more rectangular.  Man, are they sweet. I only wish I lived closer to this hotdog Mecca.
After living near here for 6 mos, I finally decided to check out the infamous Walter's Hot Dog Stand. I got the double dog and a side of fries ($6.25).  It was pretty good but nothing extraordinary. They cut the dog in half length wide and pile 2 dogs on a toasted bun. The fries ($2.25) were really great and crispy.   Only 3 * because honestly $4 for 2 pretty ordinary hotdogs is a quite pricey.
I went to Walter's only a number of times while a student at Iona College, and I graduated in 2005 ... so I don't quite have any recent perspective about how it's doing. However, my visits here were very enjoyable. I had no idea this place existed, but a relative of mine here in FL told me about a national news story about Walter's that she'd seen & asked if I'd been. I told her I hadn't, so she asked that I go and check it out and tell her what it's like. I did so during the summers of 2004-05. I don't even like hot dogs (I don't even like the vegetarian ones much), but went anyway as my curiosity got the best of me, and I wanted to look into this for my relative. The hot dogs were pretty good, the fries even better (in my opinion) and the shakes were excellent. During summer months (or maybe even all of the time?), they have Italian ice/sno-cones, which I really enjoyed. (I'm somewhat of an ice/sno-cone connoisseur.) Can't remember which flavors I had, or which were even offered - hey, it's been almost 6 years! - but I remember that they had me coming back here often. This is definitely a cool summer spot, and I highly recommend Walter's for hot dog enthusiasts. Check out Walter's website for some fun facts, history, memorabilia/merchandise and more. I may even order a couple of t-shirts! One $ for Walter's if you're just getting a hot dog or two, though I've got to up it to 2 $$ if you want the entire experience (dogs, fries, shake and ice/cone).
You can get your dog with: -Their special mustard, with relish mixed in -Regular mustard -Ketchup NO OTHER TOPPINGS --- I love it. You cannot beat Walter's. Even in it's imperfections, it is perfect. There are no tourist attractions in Mamaroneck, the stand is not off a main highway; yet there is a line 30 people deep. Walter's is the destination for hundreds and hundreds of people every day. What a testament! They have a little park beside it in a valley. Plenty of tables and grass. I feel like I am at a highway rest stop.
Hubby saw this place on the food network and knowing I'm a hotdog fanatic surprised me by bringing a few home for me to try. My favorite food is the all American wiener. The shape, the snap, the squirt the salty garlic taste and aroma, and the way it sits in my mouth just sets me off. Unfortunately, this dog was burnt, dry, lifeless and cut in half! Imagine the disappointment. I never thought you could ruin a hot dog but evidently someone found a way to. What a sin to waste weiners like this!
When I have a hot dog, I always measure it in comparison to Walter's.  Walter's hot dogs, split down the center and grilled to perfection, are something you should eat before you die.  Definitely get the curly fries too, which are absolutely amazing.   Sure you will have to wait in line for a bit, but if the weather's nice that won't matter.  Plus, the anticipation really builds up and the hot dogs taste that much better when you finally have one.  Prices are awesome so no worry there.
My friend just lives around the corner so it's a must-visit whenever I'm in town. Oh Walter, why do I love thee? Let me count the ways. 1. They make their own hot dogs using a blend of meat that won't cause the dogs to curl up when they're grilled. 2. Grilled to perfection. Little crusty caramelized grill bits on the dogs. 3. Its simplicity. You just want to enjoy the hot dog itself, not buried in a bunch of stuff like a Chicago dog. 4. Mustard sauce. Savory with a touch of sweet. 5. Potato puffs. Little cones of deep fried mashed potato goodness. Sure, dirty water hot dogs are good too but if you happen to be in the area, definitely stop by.
These are the best not-at-all-all-beef hot dogs I can imagine.  Sliced open and perfectly browned, sogging up a toasted bun just enough but not so much that the bun loses it chewiness or toasty crust. Great curly fries and milkshakes, too. Waiting in line, approaching the Walter's pagoda-style hotdog hut, compounds the whole experience - anticipation and excitement all around you.  Oh, it's going to be good.
good dogs - best around here as far as i know. sometimes long lines when its nice out (and lunch time)
Best hot dog you will ever have. The line can get very long. Well worth the wait. Is it convenient? Are you in the neighborhood? If so, go. If not, still go.
love it. Wish they had sauerkraut. They usually have a line but its well worth the wait. I wish they had a all year round menu
Walter's Hot Dogs are the best and the stand is a true landmark- if you like hot dogs you've got to try em. They've been around for over 90 years and keep their menu simple: hot dogs, fries, soda, shakes.  I've grew up eating their dogs and got my friends hooked on them too. My parents love them just as much as I do, so no trip home from the airport was ever complete without a stop at Walters and we've even made the 25 minute drive from Darien just to eat here, they're that good. Although I've been a vegetarian for close to two years, Walter's hot dogs try my will power...the only meat I crave is one of their hot dogs. Thus, if and when I break I already know it will be to one of their dogs.
I don't care what the haters say. You know, everyone who complains about how there's always a long line & "what's so special about this place? they're just hot dogs!", I have this to say to you - Walter's hot dogs are a little bite of heaven, plain and simple. I've gone out of my way on the way home, I've overextended my lunch hour, I've even waited a grueling 45 minutes on line before and not complained once because I know what's waiting for me when I get up to that window. Delicious house made hot dogs that are grilled to perfection, out-of-this-world curly fries & awesome shakes. I no longer live in the area and it makes me sad to think on a bright, sunny afternoon, I can't just take a drive over to Walter's and pick up a sack of Puppies (the small little half hot dogs. I always order the puppy dogs because the first bite is always the best & you get extra first bites if you order a bunch of the little guys) and curlys and sit outside on the wooden benches next door while sparrows try to steal my fries. Walter's, you are forever in my heart!
This Line Unlike Sal's Pizzas Line is worth the wait. Rain sleet or Snow there is always a line but the Dogs are worth every minute of your wait. also try their 7UP freeze its a Slushy made from 7UP and one of their home made Italian ices.
Their hot dogs are simple, yet amazing! The way they prepare the hot dogs = absolute perfection! I'm disappointed that I only got one! They have a special house mustard that they put on the hot dogs that is delicious! The potato puffs were good, but not spectacular. I thoroughly enjoyed the sweet potato spuds though! Heaven! Mmmmmm! Everyone working was really friendly and that just made my first experience that much better!
I have been coming to Walters since 1996. Recently I have noticed a change. The curly fries portions are half the size they used to be and now served in a small cup instead of foil. Also you MUST ask for extra mustard because there is very very little places on the hot dogs. The milkshakes used to be my favorite choice of beverage here, but it's definitely missing the creamy sweetness it once had. I thought maybe it was just me, but my sister recently went and before heard my critique of it, she had the same complaints. Walters might still be family owned, but I think the new generation that got their hands on this business doesn't realize that it's all the perks is what made Walters so popular and delicious. Keeping up with the times is a given, but keep the original style and portions  keep the customers happy. You may have 4 stars now, but you had 5 stars at one time. You will eventually keep loosing them.
Somehow I found myself in Mamaroneck. And somehow I stumbled upon Walter's. Unapologetic old school hot dogs, split down the middle (more grilled surface area!), and mushed into a soft bun. Vanilla egg cream, two dogs, six bucks and I'm in heaven. Problem is, when I am ever going to be in Mamaroneck again???
I really want to give you 5 stars walter's hot dogs but I just can't get passed the sweet spuds ):   You know what, I think thats the only thing I dont like so 5 stars! I don't like hot dogs but I will eat a Walter's hot dog. These hot dogs are butterflied to get a nice char on them, the buns are buttered and toasted and with a homemade mustard. It is simple yet delicious!! It doesn't need to be complicated to be good. Good curly fries! Pricing Approx. $ 2  for a single hot dog, $4 for a double (two hot dogs one bun), and like $2 for fries. Good snack .
Not sure what a lot of the negative reviews here were expecting.  Not a big menu but not sure where you'll find a tastier/better hot dog.  No, they dont do anything but ketchup and mustard but the hot dog stands alone.  Great milkshakes, good fries, a timeless, classic spot.  We're talking about a hot dog stand people!!! To each their own I guess.
There is a reason why this place was voted Best Hot Dog Venue In Westchester! The Hot Dogs are to die for, grilled to perfection and the added dijon mustard and ketchup is icing on the cake! The fries are just as amazing, shoestring are the best choice! Sure beats Nathans thats for sure! The only other place that i could recommend that would be a close call to Walters is Gray's Papaya in NYC now those are some good dogs as well with the added bonus of tropical drinks as an option and that fact that they are open late night! The reason why there is a line all the time is because of the quality of the food, cant really get around that part since they are the only show this good around!
This is a fun little place to go to. On a nice day, the line can stretch forever, so be sure to get there early or late for lunch. They have excellent milkshakes. But honestly, I am not sure why anyone would wait in line for their hot dogs. They undercook them in butter and just aren't that great. Worth a shot if you are driving by or happen to go to MHS.
Best hot dogs I've ever had.  I dont know how they do it.  Get them with mustard and the curly fries. Worth the line!
Yummy hotdog from an individual who does not normally like to eat hotdogs. It is so good I crave it every weekend when I'm am up in that direction ;p Lines get crowded but it's a nice flow so I don't mind waiting. The service is great, outdoor seating so that's good in the summer. Winter months, we park the car, order our food, and munch in the car :) I love this place!!!
I'm going to fly in the face of the majority to say this:  I don't get it.  I have had the pleasure of sampling hotdogs along the Northeastern seaboard, which has proven to be a bit of a "hot dog corridor" for the nation, and never have I felt such disappointment.  I actually went there twice, the first time a month before, and I went back to see if my first experience, which was equally disappointing, was merely a fluke.   Love the building, love the egg creams, love the spuds, but I went for the dogs.  Honestly, all I tasted was bun and mustard.  It was devoid of flavor; there wasn't even a salty presence in the dog itself.  I don't care if they split it open to grill it or not, either way it's still a dog in my book, but my Lord, some flavor please!  I'm sorry, I honestly don't like to bash local institutions, but the experience was so disappointing that it actually made me angry that I stood in line for something that had no properties of flavor.
I have to admit, the curly fries were good, but as for everything else.....nothing that lives up to my expectations.  We waiting in line, ordered, and we both looked at each other stating that we came, we ate, but would not make a trip, or wait on line, to do again.
BEST. HOT DOG. EVER.  Also love their Italian ices.  The lime and the cherry are my faves.  My great-grandfather came here, my grandfather, my father, me, and now my daughter :)  Love it.
I had my first double dog at Walter's this afternoon . The place is classic with its walk-up Chinese pagoda-style architecture and picnic tables on the side.  My brother, who lives in Larchmont, has been telling me about this place for months now and claims this is one of the top 10 hot dogs in the US. With all due respect, Walter, that's definitely not the case. But your dogs are tasty - split down the middle, cooked in butter, on a toasty bun. A solid dog, for sure, and an even better dog experience. But let's keep things in perspective before we start jumping to conclusions.
Had an extremely bad experience with the owners/help. They need to treat their customers better. After being a life-long customer I will never go back. That's how truly awful they behaved. Just because you are successful, it doesn't give you the right treat your customers rudely. They seem not to care, but keep it up and your long line may just start to disappear.
I know I'll never meet a hot dog I like more than the ones served up at Walter's. Split down the center, grilled to a crisp and served on a toasty warm bun, these dogs are simply the best, and always worth the wait in line. Besides, standing there gives you a chance to read postcards from Walter's fans around the globe and the historical society's signage for this longtime Mamaroneck landmark.
Being from Jersey, I'm very particular about my hot dogs.  Walters is good, but it can't hold a candle to Max's, Windmill, Rutt Hutt and Crif Dog (in that order).   That being said, it's certainly the best dog in Westchester.
Worked at Walters in high school. I've been going since I was a baby. The hot dogs have such a distinctive taste to them. They cannot be matched to any other hot dog in flavor. The secret ingredients used to cook the hot dogs are a family secret passed down from generation to generation. The secret ingredients are also used on the buns. Absolutely delicious! It's worth the trip if you want to go.
Hot dog on a toasted bun with a milkshake and potato wedges the perfect meal for a summers day.  Just be prepared to wait in line because this place gets crowded.
I stay away from frankfurters because it is sheer crapola food but....I went to sample the famous Walter's hot dog in order to write this review and do my part as a Yelper helper.  The server asked if I wanted mustard or ketchup on my hot dog.  Nope...I want to taste this bare naked to see what the fuss is all about.  The frank was split, grilled and (I guess) buttered.  It was okay but nothing I would go out of my way for. People wait in line for this??  The frank was rather small and I  felt gypped for my 2 bucks.  Stomach felt upside down after downing the dog.
I've been hearing about this place for months and finally got around to going. I gotta say, it lived up to what I expected! The only thing that was 'meh' were the shoestring fries. Curly fries are way better. I also had a strawberry milkshake made with real strawberries and it was so refreshing on a 90 degree day. I love the outdoor seating in their little backyard. It's nice and shady with lots of room.
I know Walters is a Westchester landmark but I have to say I'm not really a fan. They have great hot dogs but the way they prepare them(cutting them in half then grilling them) I just don't like it. They offer almost no toppings or sides. I understand the idea of simplicity and that they feel it's been the best way to eat their hot dog since 1919 but give the people a choice. It's not 1919 anymore. Even the Model-T had color choices.
I have been a fan of Walter's for a very long time. Yet, I did not feel compelled to write a review until my most recent visit. Unfortunately, I believe the quality has somewhat began to slide. I found the bread to be a bit stale on my last visit, which was notable upon the initial bite-in. Did it completely ruin the hotdog? No way. It was still delicious and as always, their fried offerings continue to please. The curly fries are great. Had I written this review maybe 1-2 years ago, Walter's would no doubt be a 5 star establishment in my book. Sadly, times have changed, but not enough to prevent me from returning.
THE BEST HOT DOGS IN THE WORLD AND BY FAR THE BEST MUSTARD. Nothing much more to add to the other two reviews... but don't forget to try the chocolate milk shake, the unique curly fries, and the home made Italian Ice (Raspberry is the best flavor).
Simply the best hot dog there is. It's pork not beef (Kosher-alert!) and it's grilled with butter and a touch of oil. The bun is placed on the same grill, side by side. The mustard mixed with hearty specs of relish is the condiment of choice. Hundreds are churned out each day, probably into the thousands on a sunny weekend. Great fries (ask for well done) and super shakes. Don't ask for sauerkraut, chili or onions on top of your dog. They ain't got it and you'll only slow down the line with your request. You can get a double, but the bun to dog ratio is knocked out of whack. Stick with a single dog and get at least two of them....Three or four is not unusual. They're addictive.
Awesome hot dogs.  I try to re-create these at home and I can never get it as good as they do.  Sweet potato puffs with honey mustard or ketchup are a must, and always order at least two dogs - you will be sad when the first one is finished! This beats any hotdog, ANYWHERE.  People write to Walter's from all over the world for a good reason - you will NEVER have a hot dog like this (except maybe at Hubba's in PC).
I don't get it! Everyone in this town raves about Walter's but I was so dissapointed by the dogs. I mean Papaya King or Grey's Papaya thats a DOG! The selection of fries were cool though.
I have to wholeheartedly agree with the previous poster. Walter's is a truly unique experience, from the Chinese pagoda-style store-front, to the picnic tables filled with locals and high school kids. But, ah, the dogs. Buttery, browned, seasoned with Walter's special mustard, these are almost closer to a weisswurst than a traditional frankfurter. They are not as garlicky as most dogs, but make up for their less than traditional take with their own unique and satisfying flavor. They are a combination of beef, pork and veal, originally made by a local butcher, now contracted out to Boars Head, who closely guard the secret recipe. Walter's is worth the 40 minute drive or train ride from NYC, and you can take your dogs (gotta have the double) to nearby Harbor Island, and enjoy the beautiful Sound views.
Simply the best hot dogs I've ever had.  They're served with a great homemade mustard.  The hot dogs are a little crispy and split down the middle. I usually eat about 4 in a sitting.  The menu is very limited but when you have hot dogs as good as Walter's it really doesn't matter.  There's a reason this place has been around so long.  If you go during lunch time, expect to wait a while.
I dont know what people say in this over priced(2.10) and Long wait for a cut in Half burnt tasteless hot dog. My bun was stale and gross just as was the hot dog. Save urself the fad.
If you don't love walter's you need to re-evaluate your life.
Nostalgia and a novel approach keep people coming here but I personally have trouble sometimes waiting in line here for hot dogs and fries. Gourmet junk food has a way of doing that to us sometimes, it's a cultural thing, and Walter's does a great job of catering to our needs.
I felt like a giddy little kid visiting this historic hot dog stand for the very first time last week. Enjoyed my shoestring fries and my dog -- dogs come split in half, grilled on both sides, and served piping hot in a soft bun with your choice of ketchup or a delicious house-made mustard. I wasn't a fan of the sweet potato spuds, which were like deep-fried blobs of bright orange baby food. Locals observe that Walter's dogs aren't as tasty as they were 20 or 30 years ago, and they're probably right. But Walter's offers the classic hot dog stand experience of days gone by, which has got to be worth something. As I was leaving, a man stepped up to the window and placed his order without skipping a beat: "One plain, one with ketchup, one with mustard, a curly fries, and a root beer float." That's a man who knows how to do Walter's right!
Walter's has the country's best Hot Dogs. Seriously. I've tried the Chicago dog, the Fenway Frank... and nothing comes close. Well worth the wait.
Outrageous!  Get the potato puffs with your hot dogs!  Great egg creams too!
In October, 2001, Gourmet Magazine named Walter's the Number One Hot Dog in the country!!  This from a pagoda-shaped roadside stand that has been serving incomparable hot dogs since 1919.  Their dogs are are split and then fried and are out of this world.  Also, make sure to get the regular fries and if you have a sweet tooth, the shakes and desserts are wonderful.  The only downside is that there is almost always a line, but that just gives you more time to smell the dogs cookin'.
Best hot dogs on the planet!
OMG!!!!!  What can I say about Walters that has not been already said.....the hotdogs are split and grilled and served on a toasted bun...don't forget to get their house mustard on it.... and the curly fries are a must ..........
Lets just start off by saying I'm not a huge hot dog fan but Walters is my weakness. These hot dogs are amazing! I remember coming here when I was a little kid getting my food and walking down to the picnic tables and eating outside. This place was even around when my grandma went to high school across the street . It's an awesome place and a great experience and recommended to all. "I bet ya can't eat just one!"
Let's Keep this simple. It's a classic, go, get three singles with extra mustard, order of potato puffs and a large root beer. You'll be very happy.
This is seriously my "last meal on earth" wish.  I can't travel within 60 miles of this place without making a trip.  I have relatives ship me bottles of their mustard just to give me a taste of Walters in between trips.  The potato puffs are really good as well, but seriously, why would you take up room in your stomach that could be used by the hot dogs?
I will only eat Walters Hot Dogs! OMG how I love Walters and no matter where anyone from this area moves to on this planet they always come back for Walters. This place has been around forever, I've been coming here since I was a child. I love their hot dogs and their mustard is to die for. You can easily down fist full of hot dogs they are so delicious. The line gets absolutely insanely long anytime of year be prepared to wait outside in the rain, cold, blistering sun it is very well worth it. I find it to be a rare treat when there's nobody online and immediately pull over and buy a coulple...I've also waited well over 45+ mins for the same pleasure!
I am sorry, but anyone who rates this place under 4 stars is being a contrarian. Absolutely delicious. The line can be a pain.
Best hotdogs ever. Line is well worth the wait. They split the dogs down the middle and cook while you wait. The relish is great and so are the potato puffs. I grew up on these so perhaps I'm biased, but these are the best dogs hands down.
I've only been once since I live in Virginia, but will be back in April and am looking forward to a trip to Walter's Hot Dog Stand!!
Upon returning home from college this is always one of the first places I go.  Its hot dogs are amazing and the fries are great.  If your craving some munchie food and a big meal, you can get an overwhelming amount of food here with $20.
Walter's is a fun summer treat. Kitschy, throw-back, nostalgic. The food is fine, but nothing spectacular. Yummy milkshakes, average hot dogs. The line is long, but it's fun to read the postcards and people-watch while you wait for your turn. The prices are moderately high for a hot-dog stand. I recommend the mustard-relish mix on your dog. Adds a lot of flavor to the pale-colored split-down-the-middle dogs. Tasty fresh, slightly grilled buns. Lots of options when it comes to the fries (curly, spuds, etc). The summer is not complete unless I visit Walter's at least once.
The only dogs I like. Good options for starchy fried sides.
Couldn't say anything about the food, because i never got a chance to order!  Just moved here and bought a home a few blocks away.  Was driving past and thought I would stop and have a bite.  Made the innocent mistake of driving around back into what appeared to be a parking lot, when this man accosts me before I can turn off the car and angrily tells me "this is not a parking space and so move your car".  I asked if he worked there at Walters and he points to his T-shirt and says yes.  I moved the car and drove away, never to set foot there again.  I sure hope that it was not the owner that I had this unpleasant interaction with, but whoever it was, still represents the owner and there are certainly better, more friendly approaches to educating people without tearing their head off... still, I will not go back because there are so many other, more friendly places that I have discovered in our new neighborhood... oh well, good luck Walter, or whoever you are!
The dawg was good (well-cooked as I requested) on a toasted roll. It was tasty and the fries were good also. My problem was waiting in line for 45 minutes to get the dawg. The line didn't move for what seemed like forever. It was an enjoyable once-in-a-lifetime experience that I'll probably remember for the rest of my life - not so much as for the food as for the 45 minute wait. Call me a non-afficionado of dawgs, but I'll go to Nathan's next time.
the hotdogs are good. split down the middle is the proper way of cooking them.  they are really lacking in the toppings. i felt the dog wasn't too special and i was left wanting. the fries are pretty amazing and what they do better. it's the batter style type.  it still doesn't make up for the hot dogs.
This is probably the most over-hyped place in all of Westchester. I've been to Walter's many times and have no idea what the fuss is about. Their hot dogs are still, well, just hot dogs (albeit sliced down the middle).
The BEST ever...period.
Look, it's a hot dog stand.  And they are really good hot dogs.  But at the end of the day, it's still a hot dog.  Not sure I'd elevate it to the most amazing hot dog ever.  I mean, it could be the best hot dog I've ever eaten, but it just wasn't so exceptional that it mattered whether or not it was the best hot dog I've ever eaten.
I read through the reviews and I truly feel bad for those who gave Walters anything less than 4 stars.  I personally hate hot dogs.  I cringe at the very smell of them.  Walters on the other hand makes me warm and fuzzy.  The smell of those dogs while you're waiting in line makes you enjoy them that much more when you do finally get yours.  Eating Walter's ins't just eating a hotdog, it's an entire experience.  From the homemade dogs that get sliced in half and fried in butter, to the toasted buns to the sweet spuds, and just about any kind of carbonated or ice cream infused old school drink you could imagine, it's unlike anything i've ever experienced in my life.  I'm lucky enough to live in Mamaroneck so you could say that i'm giving it the home field advantage but i've taken coworkers who were from out of town for a Walter's dog and have never, in 11 years, gotten a single complaint.
Classic example of people overrating a nostalgic place. Walters is average at best. They use a veal combo dog which while I like the split cooking style and the buttery toasted bun is basically flavorless. No kraut and proud if it is a stupid policy for a NY hot dog spot. The last batch of curly fries I got was clearly remnants of an  old batch. I mean, you have 6 things in the menu, you would think they could get it right every time. This is a piece if nostalgia no doubt but the dumb ordering and snooty lack of toppings make Walter's "a whole lotta average".
Hot dog. Mustard. Fries. Shake. O-face. Heaven.
I am pretty sure the people who don't adore Walter's hot dogs are people who want all their hot dogs to taste like the nasty stuff bought at the grocery store.  Otherwise, how could they possibly complain?  Walter's hot dogs are in a class all their own.  Fantastic.  In my family, we always debate whether it's the dog itself, the not-overly-bread-y bun or the delicious mustard that puts Walter's over the top.  We've had this debate going for decades and it's been decades since any of us lived in New York.  But, we stop here whenever we drive through New York, and we've created a new generation of Walter's lovers who have never lived in New York.  That's why Walter's has been around for so long and why, I hope, it will stay around.
Perhaps the best hot dog ever to be placed atop a toasted bun. Order three with the special mustard blend, and snag some curly fries while you're at it.
YUM! Wonderful hotdogs and fries! Line moves quickly and worth the wait!
I've eaten here a few times over the past 5 years and it's a great place to take your kids. Period. The menu is limited but there's a good reason why - including: it's operated during the summer days by teenagers and there's a limited amount of space to cook with and they can focus on what they're known for best - hot dogs. However, I will admit, I'm not found of their hot dogs enough to drive out of my way to go there for one. They're a bit chewy and the flavor is not as smoked as you would expect of a dog and are a bit greasier. I do look forward to their sweet potato buds. That's the strong point to me. Sorry, but I live by Coney Island in Brooklyn and I have access to Nathan's hot dogs which I do consider one of the holy grails of hot dogs. Walter's is pretty decent and a great experience when you're looking for a real casual outdoor picnic feel. You're limited to the woodsy area and you'll feel like you're around summer camp. But I would come back again and I like the casual feel when I'm in Mamaroneck. Service is pretty friendly and overall it's worth it if you're in the area, but not worth it as a pilgrimage.
Awesome.  Greatest hot dog, done simple and right.
Been hearing about this place for years and was in the area and figured I'd try it out.  Thankfully there was no line when I went around 4 PM.  I'm not usually a huge fan of hot dogs, but this place has definitely made me change my mind....split down the middle and cooked in butter served on a warm toasted bun (just typing the description out makes me hunger for it). The curly fries are a must have when you go there as well.
grill the bun, slice the "special meat" hot dog and grill...hmmmm wtf are the lines long? nothing special here people, but definitely a cult dog=love it or leave it
The standard by which all other hot dog joints are judged. Highly recommend. The spicy mustard rocks. I could easily eat two....or three!
By far the best hotdogs anywhere. It is a true foodie experience. The hotdogs are custom made for them. They split them and grill in butter -need I say more. Try their lemon ices also.  The mustard mix on the hotdogs is wonderful. It is just a perfect roadside stand treat. The stand has been in the general area ( it was moved once) since 1919! I love their chocolate egg creams also.
hot dogs taken to another level... long wait or not, always great... i miss my mhs days when i would just walk across the street and grab these delicious treats... thank you for staying open walter's!!
