The best way I can describe my experience which are variations of the following: LIGHTLY SMOKED TOMATO SOUP. . . white tomato parfait; SMOKED COBIA . . .mixed local mushrooms and tomato-coriander sauce; FARONA BEET FETTUCCINE . . . lobster and beet sauce; BABY LAMB . . . braised and roasted, amaranth crust, bok choy and oregano broth; WARM CHOCOLATE BREAD PUDDING... caramel ice cream and pine nuts
Yawn. So salty it was inedible. Truly heavy handed and gauche. Mgmt enthusiastic and engaged, all other staff useless automatons. One of the most annoying meals in the last decade.
I am an avowed foodie, sample as many kinds of resturants and cuisines as possible, from dingy chinatown dim sum shops to the most expensive meals manhattan has to offer and back to brooklyn pizzerias. I've been had Farmers Feast at Blue Hill at Stone Barns three times and it is without a doubt the GREATEST MEAL and GREATEST DINING EXPERIENCE i have ever had by leaps and bounds. Dear lord baby nascar jesus it is good.
Phew, haters abound. Granted - the service can be spotty, but based on what I see of the clientele, I bet the staff feels like the customers can't be pleased. I don't know about them - I love the food here. Yes, the wait can sometimes be long, even for a "short" line, but I've been here a few times, and the baked goods especially are delicious. When their baking is better than Bouchon Bakery, and it's coming out of the Blue Hill kitchen, you really can't give them less than four stars. Many of the ingredients are not just local, but grown on site. Are you really such a gourmand that you're not impressed by that? Also - I'm sorry, but discount Foster G.'s review. The Fall Festival is a madhouse, and is overpriced. Plenty of great food vendors, but not worth the admission. Don't judge this place based on that craziness - that's like when people judge restaurants based on Groupon specials. Basically, the Blue Hill Cafe is the equivalent to a concessionaire for the Stone Barns Center. Go eat at the Bronx Zoo, or to be fair, the New York Botanic Garden, and then tell me that this place is not SO much better. The takeaway? Baked goods, esp. scones. As in, take this advice away from my snarky commentary, and take your baked goods away from the Blue Hill Cafe! Go visit the pigs in the woods. Everybody loves pigs in mud.
We ordered the Farmer's Feast, and it was an EXPERIENCE in terms of food and service.  Our Blue Hill saga lasted 3 hours and 45 minutes!  While not every dish worked, we did get to sample 8 courses, with many mise en bouches appearing magically along the way.
The food here is amazing! It is a little bit of a drive, but soooo worth it for a special occasion. The restaurant uses much of the ingredients in their dishes from their own farms and gardens, which are on the same grounds as the restaurant. The service is great, and the setting is very romantic.  Very creative cocktails, too; try the Opal Basil Mojito, yum!
WOW - I came here for a wedding recently and Blue Hill blew other like venues out of the water, I guess you get what you paid for. The ceremony took place in the courtyard surrounded by the low rise stone buildings (straight out of lord of the rings.. Where were those hobbits...). I felt enchanted as if in a fairytale. The reception was held inside one of the buildings, and despite the slits for windows the tall ceilings open up the great hall. The food was the best western style food I've ever had. It can take on any $$$$ restaurants in midtown and probably win. Each course was delicate but not stingy and a different wine came with each course all served by waiters per person in perfect unison. (They were sure to be trained by North Korea, Russia, or China). Not gonna lie but I felt a little like Jack on titanic.
my wifey made reservations to this place... i was super-skeptical... why drive outside of nyc to eat? why is it so expensive? farm food? let me tell you that it was the best meal I've ever had in a restaurant... delicious, fresh, surprising flavors, and superior service. rather than get into each dish (you'll prob get a diff menu anyway), here are my tips: - guys, wear a sportcoat for dinner service... you could rock the jeans-sportcoat look but don't go too casual. - also, although on the exterior this may look like a country-club  on steroids , the dining room was diverse during my visit... in my row of 4 tables: white couple - asian (us) - african american - asian... and on top of that, it was some of the best service i've ever had. we had some gay dude that said thank you after everything you said... sounds annoying but i loved it. they have like 4 people attending to your table, plus people that come before certain entries to explain the key ingredient... - don't be afraid the waiter what you don't want in your fixed course (the only menu option here). i am so glad we told him we only want pork, beef, and seafood, cause i didnt really want what my neighbors were eating (venison, vegetarian stuff). also give a hint that you like to try something different, cause they definitely try to gauge your culinary daring (ie. we got pork belly, while the more conservative couple next to us got pork loin). remember, you are dropping coin, get what you want... - be prepared to drop at least 2 hundo per person... you might spend more if you drink - despite the charming reviews about taking the train there and back, if you're eating dinner, take a car... i would have been let down if i had to wait for cab/train after being pampered like a king. - get there early and check out the animals... especially the white dog that guards the sheep. he is a sight to see. - try a cocktail before wine.... my wifey swears her infused vodka drink was the best cocktail she ever had - inquire about seating arrangements when u make reservations. we were at the traditional face to face table, but  there's all sorts of seating there i would have preferred like the loveseat-style tables facing the room (why do girls always get the best view?), the circular table, or the couch like booths.. - giant scallop the size of my face! - lastly, our dinner took 4 hours(!)... but loved every minute of it... highest recommendation.
I've often tried to explain to you how lucky I am. I don't know what happened in a past life, but this one continues to treat me tremendously. The dinner that I had at Blue Hill at Stone Barns was the most elegant and (at twenty-plus courses, we stopped counting) definitely the most luxurious meal I've ever experienced. In a word? Epic. How could I afford a farm-to-table restaurant like this? How could I even hear of such a magical spot nestled forty-five minutes outside of New York City? Who on earth would treat me to this decadent night of gluttonous desire? The one and only Paul. A man who repeatedly takes birthday celebrations to another level. There will never be an appropriate way to thank him, so I'll just have to outdo him come October 20th. I was not at all joking when I mentioned that there were over twenty courses. We didn't even get bread until course nine! The plates began very modestly and tiny, then continued to grow and grow with no end in sight. I'll never know how we ate what we did that night. It's still sort of a haze. When you arrive, you let your server know if you have any allergies and off you go. This place is not a restaurant, this place is an adventure. The menu changes with the seasons and whatever is at its peak in the season will be dominantly featured in the majority of the courses. We went in mid March, so we got beets. I know what you're thinking because at the time I thought it, too. But this night turned me into a lover of beets. It still feels weird to even say that. I don't know how to tell you how incredible everything tasted. I really wish I knew the words that would express how fresh and alive each course felt. It felt like hours of work went into each ingredient. God, the venison? Fuck. Never in your life are you gonna taste meat the way they cooked it here. We even got taken into the kitchen to have a course at a table set up in there, which made me feel like a judge on Chopped (ie. better than you). There were over thirty people doing a billion things in there and it was neat as hell to see how a place like this could be run. At the end of the night when the waiter came to our table with a birthday candle in a piece of cake, they had another waiter walk infront of him (blocking him) all the way to the table so that the candle wouldn't be visible. Is it just me or is that classy as hell? Whenever I try to explain this night to anyone, I make sure that 50% of what I say will describe how amazing the food was - and the other 50% is devoted to the GORGEOUSNESS of the presentation of it all. I swear we probably saw one actual plate the entire night - food was instead served on slabs of heated rock, in eggshells, hanging from plants. I can't even begin to describe the dessert FOREST that was the finale. Does it sound like I'm making this up? It should, because these details are ridiculous AND WONDERFUL. I wish I would have taken more photos, but we were too busy enjoying it all. I can only describe the experience as holy. Am I trying to say that my friend Paul is God-like? I guess I am. He's the most generous person I know and I'll never forget this night as long as I live.
Wow! What an experience! Blue hill at stone barns is quite a fine dining and culinary experience. Beware if you are not adventurous in culinary encounters because there is no traditional menu therefore you are at the mercy of the chef. We were asked before our service if we had any specific foods we did not want to have in our 8 course tasting menu. Every ingredient was both fresh and delicately crafted into some of he most decadent food I have ever eaten. My personal favorite was the fresh ricotta which my palate wanted more and more of along with the pork belly which was heaven on a plate you couldn't go wrong. The restaurants decor and service was nothing short of spectacular. The hostess had my coat in her hands as I walked out of the restaurant and our car was waiting for us when we walked outside all without anyone being told.   The ambiance was romantic and quiet which allows you to enjoy your dining experience with your guests to the max.  If you crave the finer things in life with the element of surprise this place is the perfect spot for a special occasion.
Cocktails sitting on the outdoor patio before dinner...yesss. Service. very good. Experience: great.   The grounds are beautiful. The Wine pairing could have used some work (too heavy on the txakoli in the beginning) and some of the vegetable courses in the beginning could have been condensed, but overall the meal was nice, fun, and a cool experience.  p.s. I wanna eat the geese in the front of the farm.  pps go at sunset.
Went there several times with my wife and then did a private dinner birthday party for her two years ago. The private room service was wonderful and our friends enjoyed a fun birthday bash. The food is always exceptional. Presentation is done with care and staff is trained well.
I was very excited to go to Blue Hill Stone Barns for my birthday dinner with family. I love the farm-to-table movement and Blue Hill is an exemplary leader in that area. If anything, it would be a nice retreat from the bustle of the city, given it's an hour drive away and located on an expansive farm. My awesome sister was nice enough to call 200 times before she got through to make a reservation. You need to book two months in advance! We arrived 30 min early to walk around and take pictures of the estate. When we came to the barn for our 8pm reservation, we learned our table wasn't ready yet. Fine, we'll sit outside and wait. It took another 20 minutes for anyone to take our drink orders...We ended up eating our appetizers outdoors. I didn't see anyone else do this and al fresco dining would have been okay if a bee hadn't been bothering my sister. As for the food, the appetizers were my favorite part of the meal, especially the tuna tartare and the tomato sliders. We had fun laughing about cutting our own plants from dirt to eat. The entrees weren't bad; they just weren't memorable or awe-inspiring. However, the desserts somewhat made up for it. I really liked the big tray of chocolates and oreos they brought out at the end, as well as the tiny zucchini bread cake I got as the birthday girl. The service rubbed me the wrong way from the start with our delayed table. The waiters seemed robotic in their motions and lacked passion/joy for the food they were presenting to us. One waiter even took away my mom's drink before it was finished. Also, at one point, 3 dishes came out at once in a flurry and then there would be an awkward gap with nothing. All in all, a somewhat laughably disappointing birthday dinner that was not worth $200 per person. We had planned to get the cheaper and shorter Farmer's Feast, but that is no longer an option! Only Pecking, Grazing & Rooting is available.
Amazing service, great food, great ambiance. I would definitely recommend this place and I hope to go back soon. It was a special experience, great for occasions.
We dined there for an anniversary, and it was everything you could expect for such. Part performance, part setting, part taste, it was all great. As someone who grows a lot of his own vegetables, the root vegetable starters were perfectly prepared, the playful beet turns on beef dishes were inventive, and the service was in that sweet spot between adequate and overbearing. We opted for the grazing menu, which in addition to being $50 more per person, entitled us to be whisked away part way through our meal into the kitchen, where we were seated at a private elevated table and were able to see all of the dishes being prepared while also enjoying three courses. Great experience, possibly worth the expense. Only regret was that we went for dinner so were not able to tour the grounds.
The food is great, a world first class restaurant, but the service loose paces moving groups to a special room in the middle of the meal, should be very difficult to calculate how long each group will take so I think would be better if they did this in the beginning or end of the meal, even if less people would use that beautiful room. We took five hours to have a meal because they loose their rhythm.
This review is based on the visit back in Feb 2014 - dining here was an out of this world experience. There were 2 different tasting menus offered at the time and for the complete Blue Hill experience we went with the bigger one (which I believe was around $200-220). First the amuse bouche. In the beginning, they brought out so many that we thought that the meal had started. What entertaining dishes to the eyes and the mouth. You have to go try them yourself, my words in 2nd language are too limited to describe. Their way of cooking and displaying, deserves more than 5 stars.. Then after almost an hour of amuse bouche time, the main course started. Beets were the main crops at the time and my family and I couldn't believe how creative they could be with one single vegetable - and how many different flavors they could bring out. For example, with beets, we had beet sushi, beet tartare (that looked like beef), etc. Then during about 2 hours+ of our meal, they invited us to show a special room they had out in the barn. It was a beautifully decorated space with candelabras, dried herbs, rustic feel but elegant which had a view out the garden. Apparently not many guests know of the space, but those who do come for private dining or special occasions (like marriage proposals). By the time we got to cheese and dessert, we were too full to finish. We were party of 4 and we were there for at least 2-3 hours. Food were well-paced but there were just so many variety. After Blue Hill at Stone Barns, my palates were too spoiled for other restaurants in NYC. If you call yourself a fine-diner, this is a place you must visit. It's worth renting a car or taking a bus out here. Oh and did I mention that the service is also out of this world? I got spoiled rotten. And cocktails, wine selection. Everything was perfect. This place will always stay dear in my heart.
Expensive and uninspiring Valentine's Day tasting menu.  $225 for 8 courses instead of the normal $148.  Menu didn't have the beet burger, fried egg or pork cheek bacon that everyone praised.  Even though the food was really fresh, it wasn't creative at all.  Since it is in the same range as Eleven Madison Park that my girlfriend and I went to a month ago, I would say our experience at EMP was way above Blue Hill at Stone Barns in taste and service we have received.
Blue Hill at Stone Barns is special. Just walking around the grounds will give you a great feeling of tranquility. The food is fantastic. Beautiful presentations and one of the locations that truly embody the farm-to-table movement. I read a few reviews that mention there not being a lot of meat in the tasting menu, which is true and a valid point. If your idea of an amazing meal contains large steaks or more exotic cuts of meat, this isn't going to make you happy, and you'll feel ripped off. But otherwise, it's awesome.
Favorite tasting menu to date - they organized apps for us in the barn out in the back and it was such a fun experience.  Also, love the location..... beautiful, serene and just a drive away from manhattan.  It was the perfect little evening trip/drive.  We happened to also check out the space across the way that can be rented out for events...just gorgeous and rustic.  We plan to head back to the farm with our  daughter on a separate occassion as it would definitely hold her interest.
Hands down, forever and a day, the best meal I've ever had and probably ever will.  Check out my history - I've been places!  Probably the only time I've ever paid that much for a meal and actually left FULL!   The services is unbelievable, the food is fresh, and delicious, and PLAYFUL!  I love playful food.  My favorite is the homemade ricotta, but who knows if it will be there when you go.  Get there early to explore the grounds - they are so so magnificent.
There is nothing I don't like about Blue Hill for its philosophy to its restaurant in the city. The farm is open to the public and such a nice getaway. We saw cows, pretty flowers, farm vehicle, bee hives, literally free-range chicken, and acres of green grass. We didn't go for a tour but simply roamed the grounds. The cafe is also great for a casual drink. Everything was so pretty and a nice reset button from the craziness of city life.
Great tasting menu...so full I couldn't even order the extra cheese platter (I really wanted to try it). I love the way they do farm to table & the menu is very interesting. A way I never looked at food before. Desert & hot teas are also delicious. Everything is perfect....the service, the food & even when leaving (the car is waiting on you). I always have a nice time & look forward to more trips in the future (summertime & early fall are my favorite times to dine here).   Menu does change several times, depending when you go...just an FYI. Don't forget to go early to walk the grounds!
There is no other place on earth like this. This is the pinnacle of fine dining. Everything was amazing, every dish a masterpiece.
An extraordinary dining experience - simply stunning. Photos don't do it justice. Take time to have a drink at the bar beforehand.
We were recently treated to dinner at Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  In brief, this place reminds me of The Emperor's New Clothes: a hollow and ostentatious restaurant that is either resting on its laurels or feeding into the false pretense that if it's too expensive for most people, then it must be good.  The farm itself is beyond beautiful and the service was excellent.  The waitstaff is not only well trained, but takes great pride in what they do.  The food is another story.  I'm not going to describe every course, but say only that our table received skimpy portions of good, but in no way exceptional, food. It was tasty, but nothing special. No unusual ingredients or interesting techniques were used.  It's nice that the eggs were from the farm's chickens and the beef was from their cows, but that does not justify a huge price tag in and of itself. Most of the meal (a salad of micro greens w/ a poached egg; cream of pea soup w/ poached lobster; grilled beef tenderloin) could have been duplicated by an amateur home cook with ease. The wine pairings were well done and the wines were very good, but as the food portions, skimpy to the point of stingy.  If I had paid for this dinner, I would be feeling "ripped off".  We were merely disappointed, both with the quality and quantity, of the food presented.  We had a nice evening with our friends, but were thankful that we weren't paying for this empty extravaganza. I've been to restaurants that charged as much as Blue Hill does, but we had a meal that was spectacular and could not be duplicated by most chefs, let alone at home, plus left with the good feeling that we got what we paid for:  a fantastic and very special meal. The meal we had at Blue Hill did not fit this description.
How can I even try to say anything negative about Blue Hill. The grounds were amazing. Every item of food we ate during this 4 hour tasting was all cooked to perfection. There was not one employee in the whole place that didn't know your name. I am writing this to be just down right honest. You do not go to Blue Hill without understanding what you are going to spend and why you will be spending that... You are paying for one the the best restaurant experiences in the world.... And Blue Hill you delivered and delivered well!!! Kudos to you guys for setting the bar!!!!
On one hand, this place is wonderful experience in decor and service, with very innovative food. On the other hand, the bill is a mortgage payment. The food in all honesty, does NOT amount to very much. We had the 8-course tasting which may sound like a lot, but 5 of of the courses were tiny sized portions of vegetables. Delicious, but $ 150 for 5 vegetables and maybe 6 ounces of meat and fish? Go for the ambience and service (the way they serve is a synchronized ballet). But truthfully, only the very rich can come here.
The Wife and I went here for our 10th wedding anniversary.  We hired a baby sitter to watch over Kid # 1 and Kid #2, and decided to make an evening worthy of a decade of her having to put up with me.   I had to make the reservations two months in advance.  My god----two months in advance!  I have no idea what I'd be doing this evening, never mind two months in advance, but I guess the place gets booked quickly.  For close to $200/person----I was quite surprised the demand stays that high.   We went for the farmer's feast.  There's only two options you have to choose from---eating a lot, and eating a whole lot.  Farmer's feast is 7 course dinner.  The Rooting,Grazing, Pecking is about 10 courses.   And a $50/person difference.   The entire set up is really worthwhile to experience---the farm itself, where vegetables are grown onsite, and lambs/chickens/cows graze, to the layout of the feast that comes next.  Now they're expanding to growing their own grains and making their own cheese and yoghurt.  Sort of a I admit---the very first dish they bought me---I was thinking "oh great..I'm gonna  have to get a pizza after this---this simply wont' fill me".  It was a rack of leafy little twigs and a radish.  Not plural radishes.  Singular.  One radish.  Just one little itsy bitsy half a bite size radish.   But----those little itsy bitsy pieces add up . By the 7 course, I was stuffed.  Every single piece of transformed vegetable they bought was amazing.  From their use of various salts and spices, to the just amount of grilling or pan searing.   And it's not just the food that's excellent.  The service is impeccable.  Everything from explaining the different types of eggs (who knew?), to the the hostess calling the valet as soon as we were done with our meal so our car is ready. It's expensive.  About 2 weeks of groceries for us.  But definitely worth for a very special occasion.
I think for Westchester, this is a good restaurant but it needs to get over itself. When I went, they did not offer us a menu, just asked us what we might be allergic to. Then they decided what we would eat. I can't say any of the food was bad but I did see items I would much rather have eaten go to other tables. Out of 8 courses, 5 were vegetable?? The staff is like a bumbling bunch of cater waiters. Not good. They were sooo slow until they needed the table for the next seating and sped us up and out the door. Do yourself a favor, take the 40 minute train ride and either go to the real Blue Hill in NYC or better yet, take that money and have a real experience at 11 Madison. Much better value and service for the same money. Come back to walk the trails another day.
We were engaged here last night. They made a special moment so extraordinarily memorable. We felt a sense of "this is your night and no one else is here but you" in a packed restaurant. Now that's service. From our valet attendant, hostess and hosts, to our bartender and servers, every single interaction was so warm and sincere. I want to especially thank Christian, our "captain" for the voyage of what turned out to be the single best dining experience of my life. Thank you too Robert for your grace, charm and wonderful hospitality. Of course thank you to everyone who gave us such truly unparalleled attention and service. For as many obvious details we appreciated, I know there were a dozen more behind the scenes and staff ensuring our engagement was special and unforgettable. We thank all of you too. See you soon Blue Hill.
So I had to write a review for this after an outstanding meal today (which I secretly preferred over the 5 hour Per Se meal I had the night before, but the two are very different so it's not really fair to compare the two). First off, the restaurant is set in a beautiful, rustic farmhouse with rolling hills and pastures surrounding it. My friend and I sat right next to a window (all of the tables are carefully spaced apart) and I could gaze out at the clear blue sky and fluffy white clouds as I enjoyed my meal. Second, I highly recommend going there for lunch ($68 for 4 courses on a Sunday - lunch starts at 11:30 a.m.) because you get to wander around the grounds afterwards and it's also the best deal out of all of their prix fixed menus. The farm is also really pretty but I imagine it would be kind of dead at night since it's kind of in the middle of nowhere, so daytime is a good time to go. Upon sitting down, the servers immediately began cutting loaves of freshly baked bread, which arrived Warm at our table. This is a big thing for me, because even the rolls at Per Se were cold! Butter was also softened which made spreading on the bread easy. Bread slices were big and hearty (soft in the middle, crusty on the outside). The best part about the meal was the element of surprise! The menu that they present you basically just lists all of the ingredients currently in season. The server then asks what type of food you like, don't like, any allergies, etc. My friend and I requested no gamey meats but were fine with everything else. The server then takes this information to the chef who customizes a menu for you! (I don't know of any other restaurant which does this). Pretty much every table we saw received different, but all delicious looking plates. Blue Hill definitely gets points for innovation and care put into its execution. We then looked around at other tables and saw some groups had these stands with little produce on them for them to nibble on. One group had multi-colored cauliflower and one table had carrots. When we asked our waiter if we could get one too, he made a special one for my friend and I with two baby carrots on each end and white and purple cauliflower in the middle (I will post a pic). This made me extremely happy! Our first course was a salad with the most amazing beets I have ever had. They were big and juicy and came in two varieties: red and gold. I have never had golden beets before, but am now a big fan. This was paired with pine nuts, cranberry sauce and drizzled with home-made yogurt. Combination was pure genius. The second course was sea bass which melted off of my knife when I cut into it (it was that buttery in texture) with some kind of citrus-y glaze and walnut pieces that added a great crunch to the texture. I finished every bite of this one. The third course was the stone barns berkshire pig with spaetzle and collard greens. The pork was incredibly tender and i loved, loved the spaetzle which i've never had before, but reminds me of this taiwanese breakfast egg crepe (found out spaetzle is a type of egg noodle/ small dumpling that's boiled and then sauteed). The dish also included a cut of the softest pork sausage and pork belly. I almost teared up eating this one. Last, but not least, the geniuses of Blue Hill gave my friend and I each a different dessert so we could sample each others! Brilliant move.. i had the Apple and Hazelnut Gratin with rosemary ice cream which was basically like an apple tart but covered with what seemed like a spicy gingerbread layer (reallly good). My friend had a flourless chocolate cake with honey ice cream which was amazingly light but satisfying. After our meal, I asked our server if we could have a copy of what we ate since they had no menu. No problem, they promptly printed out a list of what we ate on Blue Hill stationary with my friend's name on the top (she made the reservation) in a cute little grey Blue Hill folder for each of us. Overall, felt the ambience, food, friendly service (which definitely went above and beyond our expectations) made for an exceptional experience! I would definitely come back again.
The maitre d' easily made this one of the most memorable dining experiences of my life. At the end of our feast when our bellies (and our wallets) couldn't take any more, the maitre d' asked if we would like a cheese platter and dessert wine. We politely declined and explained we were young and could only afford dinner. He paused and said he'd be right back. When he returned he had a cheese platter and two glasses of very fine vintage port, compliments of the house. Never have I found a fine dining establishment that values the diner's experience above all else as much as Blue Hill at Stone Barns does.
Let's praise what's good first - great service, impeccable decor, stylish presentation. But I eat out for the food. If you like driving an hour and spending a lot of money for special presentations of vegetables, this is the place for you. Note that I said presentation. My taste buds have had better from food trucks. They spend 10 minutes telling you about their special ham and how it's a cross between this and that and aged for oh-so-long...then they give you a piece probably no bigger than a silver dollar and thinner than a potato chip. I want to EAT the food, not hear about how exciting it is. Stay in the city and enjoy the cheaper and better food. This place was one of the most expensive meals and worst meals I've ever had. Vegetarians - you might enjoy this but probably still no.
Good food, great atmosphere. Love the farm to table style. Touring the farm was Okay. Crowded.
Definitely the most amazing culinary experience... everyone should try at least once. Reservations are rec. to be made at least 1-2 months in advance to secure the date and time you want. The property is beautiful to explore and gives and understanding of the restaurant and food they serve. Be sure to hang out in the bar area for a cocktail The mixologist there creates amazing blends. Also, if you are unable to dine in the main room, the bar has a pre-fixed menu that gives a taste of how good it is!! Enjoy!
My husband took me to Blue Hill as a surprise for my birthday in January of 2013. Having been to some of the best restaurants in the world and only being in our twenties, we were thrilled to be trying Blue Hill. We had only tried two or three courses - which were delicious by the way- when out of no where a chunk of cheese comes flying into my food. A group of rowdy and obnoxious drunk 50+ year olds had thrown this food into my lap. An argument then started as my husband begged the people who threw food at me to apologize and let me enjoy the rest of my courses. We of course told the staff and they were laughing about it but tried to reseat us. The restaurant reseated us and tried to pay for our meal as an apologetic gesture, but my husband of course wanted to treat me to dinner, but I had lost an appetite by this point. Bottom line is that I was mortified by the way I was treated at this restaurant by another customer, and that Blue Hill allowed the crowd of rowdy and rude people to stay in the same place as me to finish their meals. I am embarrassed for Blue Hill that they would not have immediately escorted a rude group of customers out. I felt like I was in Applebee's or some low tier restaurant with that type of customer allowed to stick around. What I can say is that through several courses of tears I enjoyed the food but not as much as I could have if Blue Hill had been more responsive to the situation. Hopefully if I went back again, I would have a better experience, but after that, I probably will never go back.
Always amazing and nearly flawless.  There was only one dish that my friend and I thought didn't quite measure up to everything else we had there both this time and the other times I've gone and same for him.  That dish was what they called "farm tacos".  You used a very thin slice of some sort of root vegetable instead of a tortilla and then you put various ingredients inside it and rolled it up.  It came with some langoustines, a large mussel, some kind of fish chopped up in the texture that say spicy tuna rolls have for the fish, some edamame, and other various vegetables/condiments to put inside.  While it tasted ok I just felt that just about anything else I've had at Blue Hill at Stone barns would have been superior.  Besides that dish they went very heavy on various root vegetables this time and rootvegetables just happen to be my favorite type of vegetable.  The standout dish for me that night was a slice of roasted cabbage with some smoked German Speck and some brunoise apple and some other little bits of vegetables/spices/herbs sauteed topping it.  I had the wine pairing and they all were awesome and worked very well with each dish.  Desserts this time were seriously amazing and my friend and I both got an extra cinnamon caramel apple mousse cupcake since this was a birthday celebration meal for the both of us.  The other desserts were chocolate brioche with some salted caramel ice cream iirc, and a pink peppercorn sorbet with blood orange and rose petal.   Every time I've been to Blue Hill I've always  had the 8 course farmers feast and that always has felt like the perfect amount of food, just enough to feel like you are quite full but not hating yourself for how much you ate.  Only during the last 2 meals I've had here was the 12 course menu added.  I feel like the 5 course seems like it would be a waste to go there and not get at least the 8.  As for the 12 course, I'm not sure how someone could eat that much food and not want to kill themselves for making their stomach incredibly uncomfortable.   The wine (and a beer) pairings were really spot on with enhancing the flavor of the food and the food enhancing the flavor of the wine.  They even poured me seconds on at least 4-5 of my courses which was greatly appreciated.  They topped the meal off with a 2009 Macari Lot E ice wine from the North Fork of Long Island as they have done so on previous visits only with them being an older vintage than the 2009 that is currently available.   I seriously just love this place, the setting is amazing, the actual stone barn that houses the main dining room and kitchen is gorgeous both inside and out.  Its really neat to also see all of the animals that they are raising there, sometimes very close up to their fence trying to check out who/what you or your dog that you have brought along are to them.  The turkeys they have there (not this time) are very vicious animals to be quite honest.  Once I saw a chicken that managed to fly/hop around enough to get over the fence and boy did that chicken make a big mistake.  The turkeys quickly surrounded it and started pecking at it and ripping a lot of its tail feathers out before it managed to escape their wrath.
Get ready for the shocker of the day... So a friend and I decided to take a trip to Blue Hill mainly because of the magnitude that is Chef Barber. Chef Barber is one of the big players when it comes to the farm to table movement and we were super excited to try his creations. It was such a weird feeling having dinner, after each dish we kept on having this sense that the next dish will be better than the next, it never did, then dessert came... The farm itself is gorgeous, when you pull in, you can see deer, pigs, chickens etc. The restaurant is very open with high ceilings, it has a very earthy feel to match what the restaurant is all about. The service was exceptional and I love the plating, it was as if you were eating off the earth itself. But it was also really odd to me that the amuse bouches were all meant to be eaten by hand?? I went through 5-6 amuses without any utensils. It's fine dining, I am wearing a jacket and tie, I am dropping $300 on dinner yet I don't have utensils??? This review is based solely on food, since everything else was perfect. I don't think I ever had so much veg in my life, I felt this was a vegetarian's paradise. We opted for the one with more courses, the Grazing, Pecking, Rooting option, since bigger is better right? Sadly, no. So there were a lot of raw unseasoned veg or overly salty veg, that was the predominant theme throughout the meal, under seasoned/over salted and nothing in between. I will just highlight a few of the dishes. Oh, and our dinner was four and half to five hours... The food: Welch and lardo- this was my fav dish of the night, the Welch, which is a snail, and lardo went perfectly together. The snail was cooked nicely and the lardo added a nice fatty element. But my issue with the dish was the quantity, when you look at the pic, it's only 2 pieces and the rest is just decoration, what a tease... yelp.com/user_local_phot… Carrots and scallion with cheese crumbs- this was my second fav dish. The carrots were cooked perfectly and the cheese crumbs offered a nice nutty and salty note. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Beet "Sushi"- apparently beets were the popular item for this night, since beets were in a few dishes. The beet sushi was just OK, the rice was bad though and they put a crunchy element of toasted black sesame and puffed rice which didn't work at all. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Beet "burger"- how cute. The bread was OK, but the beet was just sweet and unappetizing. Pork liver and chocolate- Pork liver, good. Chocolate, good. Pork liver and chocolate together? Not so good. For me, the flavors didn't work and the chocolate seemed oddly sweet. The liver was creamy and livery and the chocolate was sweet, not a pairing that works for me. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Grazing- it was literally an empty plate that they dropped a bunch of greens on one side of the plate, no seasoning, no dressing, no nothing. NOTHING! yelp.com/user_local_phot… Broccoli and cheddar- this dish was OK for me, but the cheddar foam didn't really have any cheese taste and the broccoli was salty. Like hopefully if I eat it faster, it won't be salty, salty. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Brioche toast with greens marmalade- the brioche was nice and buttery but the greens were just unseasoned cooked veg. When the server said greens marmalade, I was expecting a sweet element. Nope, just no flavor. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Kale risotto with parsnips- this dish annoyed me since I am a sucker for risotto. There was no damn Arborio rice, there was no rice at all, it was damn Kale soup! yelp.com/user_local_phot… Turnip steak with bone marrow- another dish that annoyed me since I thought I was actually going to eat something that wasn't vegetables. When the dish was served, I thought we were getting a fish dish, it was a turnip steak... yelp.com/user_local_phot… Blue Hill pork with rutabaga, parsnip and fighter spinach. Finally a decent size protein dish. But, the pork was chewy, like really chewy, the pork belly was nice but had a distinct precooked taste and the fighter spinach was uber salty. My dining companion almost started crying it was so salty. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Move over Nobu for the most expensive and most disappointing meal of my life.
Wonderful experience overall - best reserved for a special occasion as it is very expensive... Took the train in from NYC - very easy, very comfortable, less than an hour. For two (peak/offpeak): $40 ($20 each way) Car service to/from the Tarrytown train station/Stone Barns: $24 ($12 each way) Courteous, professional service from start to finish. Chose the 8-course menu ($270; $135pp) PLUS the wine pairings, all perfectly chosen ($200; $100pp). Unless you are ravenous, I would recommend the 5-course option (this coming from someone who can eat a lot, and eats often). You will get more than enough of a "sampling" of the menu, and not feel overly stuffed (as I did). Food was simply amazing -- fresh, innovative, and delicious. Wine, as mentioned, was perfect. I would have given five stars, as this was an amazing, unique experience, but dinner + wine pairings + cocktails and espresso for two came to $650 including tip. That's a pretty hefty sum no matter which way you look at it. Again, my advice would be to go the 5-course route ($105pp) with wine pairings ($75pp) -- you will spend a lot less and I am sure still have a wonderful experience.
Hmm... what can I say about this place... The food is off the charts good, fresh (obviously), well plated, well executed, clever, fun and inventive. The only negatives I can possibly conceive of are (1); it's heavy on the vegetables, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but for (2); it is very expensive. When you pay $200 per person before drinks, tax and tip, you sort of expect some serious substance in addition to the superb veggies. The meats consisted of: pig heart pastrami (1 bite), lamb (one small, thin rib chop), a bite of ham (in the tortilla), a slice of speck (ham and cheese sandwich), and a few slices of pork. That's pretty much it. One of the asparagus dishes (there were several, yet oddly my pee didn't smell afterward) had shredded chicken wing as garnish, but that doesn't count. And neither do the few items that contained fish product. To sum up: this was a great once-in-a-lifetime experience. I don't think I'll go back, but I'm definitely glad I fought tooth and nail to get a rez here to celebrate our anniversary. Service? The best I've ever experienced. Our waiter Christian was amazing and very informative. Waiters and table hawks swooped in and cleaned up after each of our roughly 24 courses. Use a spoon once, put it down for a minute, look at the ceiling, look back down and POOF: it's gone, with a replacement on the way. Actually when we first sat down, they saw my wife scratch her wine glass to get a spot off and they immediately replaced the glass with a fresh one. Crazy! The ambiance of this place is really amazing. The farm is a beautiful and picturesque location. Nice grounds, with old but modern touches; rustic yet elegant. The dining area and centerpiece table is beautiful, and the kitchen is immaculately clean. The food is plated and presented in some of the most artful and beautiful ways I have ever seen. To start we ordered some drinks. Mine was essentially a gin martini with pickled ramps instead of onion or olive. My wife's was a chamomile, gin, honey, and slightly sparkling lemon drink. Delicious. Then the food started coming out. Hold onto your asses because this was a 4 hour meal... 1) Veggies on sticks. Some pickled, some raw, some lightly seasoned or spiced. Nice and refreshing. 2) Asparagus soup. This was really great. Hearty, savory. I could easily drain a bowl of this shit. 3) Pig heart pastrami. This was good! Tasted just like pastrami, wasn't too chewy. Just right. 4) First of the Rhubarb. This was essentially just a pickled slice of rhubarb. Simple. 5) Pea shoots, baby leeks, weeds, and tarragon pesto. At this point we were looking around for the hidden cameras that were placed to record our reaction to some weird practical joke or social experiment. This stuff was good, but almost too odd for us. We were literally wiping the leaves across the sauce. Fun, but took us a bit by surprise. 6) Egg yolk & potato tartlet, spring onion vichysoisse with toasted quinoa, and a fiddle head fern cracker. These were all lovely. Perfect little bites of flavor. I wish we had a whole tray of them. 7) Asparagus burgers. These were cute. Tasty too, and Christian came by with an asparagus stalk that had gone wild and grown too large. They are harvested at just the right time, before they start sprouting branches. 8) Asparagus & pancetta. A nice asparagus spear on a stick, coated with sesame seeds. Good bacony flavor involved without any actual bacon on the skewer. 9) Ham and cheese sandwiches. These were made with speck and crisped cheese type crackers. Beautiful presentation, and one of the better bites of the meal. 10) Pork liver pate & chocolate. This was a great bite as well. The chocolate surprisingly went well the liver. 11) Celtuse in a small soup with pine nuts. Christian gave us a crash course on what celtuce is. Basically similar to romaine but with a heart or root that you can cook up like the stem of broccoli. Delicious in every preparation they served. 12) Greenhouse greens and smoked creamy gouda cheese. A nice salad. 13) Celtuse heart and spears, caviar and herring cream. This was one of the best courses. The caviar provided a natural salt element to this. 14) Asparagus with almond saffron sauce, stinging nettle sauce, olive tapenade, rhubarb yogurt, grilled asparagus sauce and crispy chicken wings. It was served with asparagus tea, and the sauces were plated tableside. The best sauce here was the asparagus sauce. 15) Whole wheat brioche, escarole and spinach marmalade with fresh ricotta cheese that was strained tableside. This was a nice piece of toast. They had some cracked black pepper on the plate too, and that really made all the flavors pop. 16) Ham, robin fish, mint & peas, creme freche and fresh cut herbs on a buckwheat tortilla. We were excited for this one because we were taken back to the chefs table in the kitchen to have it. Awesome! remaining courses cut by Yelp for length...
I read through a bunch of the reviews below - not sure what a lot of people were expecting but I found the size of the courses to be in keeping with most of the haute cuisine restaurants that I have visited in NYC (Per Se, Daniel, Le Bernardin, etc.). I went with a group of four and we got the Farmer's Feast of 8 courses. I'll tell you, I had trouble finishing the last savory courses and dessert because I was so full! The drinks are great as well. Definitely plan to be here for three hours. We had a 2 PM lunch, arrived at 1 PM to walk around the property and see the greenhouses, and left at 5:30 PM. I would highly recommend this for the fall/winter time. The dining room was full straight through to dinner and it was really cool to see the place both in the daytime and the evening. Also, I'm hoping that skipping dinner countered some of the lunch indulgences :) Why not 5 stars? If I could give it 4.5 stars, I would. It was a truly wonderful experience but I can't help but think that if you took away the amazing atmosphere and the idea that almost everything is grown/made on the farm, there were still a handful of misses, both in the dishes and the service (for example, the bartender was MIA while were were waiting for our table so we didn't order drinks while waiting). Still, I would highly recommend this for a special occasion - it's a unique dining experience in a beautiful setting.
In a nut shell, I'm going to give this place a "meh." Definitely not all it's cracked up to be. We were expecting a really knowledgeable, friendly atmosphere which, to some extent it was, but it was way too STUFFY!!   SERVICE/BEVERAGES: Given that it was our first time to Stone Barn Center, we had no idea you had to book this hoity toity place months in advance, so we ended up sitting at the bar, which was fine by us. We got 2 $16 cocktails which did NOT taste worth $16 and boy do they jack up the price on wine! The bartender was friendly, but definitely MUCH friendlier to the other rather wealthy-looking customers which got irritating after a while. THIS IS WHAT WE DISLIKED MOST ABOUT THIS PLACE. I can only say the same for the manager. Perhaps I should find some fur and heels to wear next time. It seemed to do the trick for some others. FOOD: As mentioned previosly, not all it's cracked up to be. I'll give them a high score on appearance, but flavor gets a "meh". I got this farm egg appetizer that I think I could have whipped up on my own at home with an inorganic egg and a can of beans. Main course was beef-something, can't recall the extravagant name of any of the dishes (sorry). Not to mention it changes so often. The beef had very little flavor. I am assuming they wanted it to taste like grass given that they couldn't stop mentioning that the meat is grass-fed. It didn't even taste like grass............. Same goes for dessert though I will commend them on their cappucino. =] Overall, we enjoyed our experience, but it was way too stuffy for our taste, and we sure were not a fan of the staff's obnoxious, amorous attitude towards the snobbish members of the clientele. We'll return to Stone Barn Center more than likely but probably not the restaurant.
Came here twice during the winter months once while attending a tour of the farm, and again during a visit to Stone Barns farmers market. Had the roast beef sandwich and was pleasantly surprised by the mustard seeds. Great size, and flavor. Nothing mind blowing about this place. Just a good cafe, with good food thats advertised as local/seasonal/organic etc. Seems like a great place to stop by during a hike through the adjoining state park.
Blue Hill at Stone Barns, the crown jewel of the farm-to-table movement, is one of the most lauded restaurants in the United States (perhaps, even, the world). Chef Dan Barber, the culinary mastermind behind it all, is one of the most respected and esteemed chefs in the last decade. It had long been on my culinary bucket list, a dining experience I was sure wouldn't fall anywhere short of amazing... Oh, how wrong I was. The build-up to the meal was deceptive. Blue Hill at Stone Barns is located in Pocantico Hills in upstate New York, a location that requires over an hour's drive from Manhattan. Reservations fill up over a month in advance, so planning in advance is a necessity as well. The venue is impressive at first glance; the farm-to-table philosophy is clear in the sheer acreage that's utilized for growing produce and raising livestock. The actual restaurant is housed in an expansive farmhouse, with an opulence that makes it unsurprising to note that it once belonged to the famed Rockefeller family. After we were led into the dining room and seated, our server gave a brief overview of the two dining options. Blue Hill at Stone Barns has no set menu, unlike its Manhattan counterpart, but two ever-changing meal options: The Farmer's Feast and the Pecking, Grazing, and Rooting. The latter choice is the more expensive ($208), lengthier, and more comprehensive meal, or so we were informed. We opted for the Pecking, Grazing, and Rooting option, since all cues indicated it would be the better of the two. As for the food that followed - where do I even begin? We started off with the expected array of "amuses": fresh-picked root vegetables, kale sprinkled with beet powder, vegetable "jerky"... Sure, it was entertaining to trim off the leaves from a potted plant to dip into a tarragon puree and pluck off roasted kale and cabbage leaves from several upright sticks. There were some highlights from the starting bites; a rich, luscious bone marrow dotted with beef heart tartare, a crisp cracker topped with curried carrots, a welch snail delightfully seared in lardo. Needless to say, however, we were eager for our actual courses to begin. The first course, however, should have given us warning. The "Grazing" plate was laughably simple, a mere pile of greens that appeared to have been carelessly dumped into an area of the plate. The play on "Broccoli and Cheddar" soup, while creative in conceptualization, was far too salty and over-garnished with unnecessary ingredients. The cube of Brioche Toast which was accompanied by a housemade ricotta and a "greens marmalade" was similarly perplexing, especially as the greens appeared to simply be a boiled and unseasoned mass. A take on Kale Risotto with diced parsnips was nothing more than a soupy, cacophonous mess served in a deceptively shallow bowl, which perhaps would be better deemed a plate. And the plate highlighting the farm-raised pork, accompanied by rutabaga, parsnip and fighter spinach was so unbelievably over-salted that I almost started crying; thus, the phrase "painfully salty" was born. There were a few, faint glimmers of hope. A huge granite plate featuring roasted carrots and scallion stalks with a strip of "cheese crumbs" highlighted the pure, unaltered flavors of the vegetables, and a light tap into the cheese added just the right amount of seasoning. The "turnip steak" was so perfectly roasted and tender that it took on the consistency of meat, but the tiniest portion of bone marrow and a side of a condiment that bore too much resemblance to ketchup ended the success of the dish. The Stone Barn Egg was perfectly poached, but the pairing with bacon and celery root was too foolproof and conventional to make the dish notable. I will commend Blue Hill at Stone Barns for an exemplary service, and to the manager for addressing the fact that both of us were shocked at the meal we had received. Nonetheless, I can say with certainty that my meal here was quite possibly the worst I have had at any restaurant, and unfortunately, also one of the most expensive.
Terrific concept but disappointing. For us, it was asparagus night at Blue Hill-asparagus was an important part of every serving (except dessert).  (Perhaps the farm's output is limited in April.)  We found the food average, and all four courses were prepared with way too much salt. Ambiance, service and the wine list get five stars.
A great bike ride destination with a lot of land to wander around in - we saw the vegetable garden, chicken coop and sheep from afar, apart from the lovely farm.  I had lunch at the cafe, but it was a great introduction to the delicious, healthy and fresh fare they serve here.  I can't wait to try the restaurant in the city. I'm a fan.
One of my favorite meals I've ever had. I love the concept, I love the farm (got there a few hours early and explored the grounds, looked at the animals, all happy and fat and free roaming, which makes for delicious food later), the restaurant itself is beautiful and cozy ( I could drink cocktails in front of that fireplace for hours), the staff is knowledgeable and friendly, and the meal is tinged with adventure - after all, you have no idea what you're going to get when you sit down (they are very good at accommodating allergies/aversions, neither of which I have), but rest assured that it will be inventive, delicious, and true to the ingredients. You're dazzled at first with an array of amuse bouche and then the courses keep coming, full of fresh ingredients from the very farm that you're eating next to. I want to go every season just to see how the courses change.
I had the absolute pleasure of experiencing this gourmet restaurant during early fall. And I cannot begin to tell you how creatively great the food was and not to mention the service...oh my gosh, the service was above par. The synchronized lifting of the cloches at our table of 7 was the entryway into a gourmet heaven and from there my world continued on a journey that I will never forget. Go for the fresh and unique farm to table culinary experience. Go for the ambience. Go for the above par service. It is all well worth the trip.
$600 for finger food and veggies We've been to Blue Hill many times through the years, even had the 12 course with wine flite for a splurg so when our daughter asked for her birthday dinner last night we said of course.  As we sat down, the couple next to us, they were from Australia, said "hope you like vegetables."  The server announced, no silverware for the first several courses, you eat with your hands.  And we did, beautifully presented small hors' deovres made from all kinds of vegetables.  I'm allergic to shellfish but the rest of our party wasn't.  The table next to us also in for the 8 course (I remember when it was 5) dinner had beautiful plates of cold shellfish--we got some sort of pasta--I remember when blue hill accomodated one person's food idiocynricies but not at the expense of the whole table--later in the meal the silverware arrived served cermonously with a 1 oz piece of chicken lost on a hugh plate with a few more veggies and then as a separate course, a massive piece of potato bread with 3 different kinds of fat--2 butters and lard then the grand finale, 3 pieces about 1 1/2 oz of grass feed beef slathered in sauce with more veggies--the cliched foam dessert with a few berries and some innocent choc squares were our two desserts followed with choc candies on a log.  When I asked the server why our meal differed from our neighbors (same price but they had lamb, shellfish plate and dessert variables) she said, oh, it's whatever the chef decides to send out.  All food is equal there whether its pasta or shellfish?   The problem, Blue Hill has become a formula--beautiful setting, efficient service, and food by the numbers and portions by a calculator.  We went before and paid those exorbinent prices for the excitement of the promise of something creative and tantalizing and experimental--now it's been surpassed by many other farm to table creative restaurants throughout the Hudson Valley and NYC which don't substitute finger food for courses and treat a hunk of bread as some sort of forbidden delicacy.  I will never forget the 12 course vegetarian menu at the French Laundry.  It was remarkable.  Blue Hill's attempt to pad thebottom line  with vegetables and starches and pretty little things impalled on spikes and buried on quaint logs isn't a substitute.  And that poor deflated lettice that was dragged from table to table last night as the earnst young wait staff explained how it was cut up and served in one of the courses (we weren't served) was pathetic.
I personally like this place because it's more laid-back, less business than those fancy ones in New York City. Among the 'crazy' priced restaurants, so far I found Blue Hill has the most waiters and waitresses for a single table: one for water, one for wines, one for explanation, one for presenting the dishes, and one for providing scarf if you feel too cold :D   yet they don't seem to be crammed in the dinning place. oh, do I mention they are all eye candies too? lol There are 2 tasting menu to choose and they change along the season. Basically you eat the same as all other people do under the roof. Overall it's not that meaty, and all the vegi taste great.  'Cut your own vegi' brings up more fun especially when each time the scissors are differently vintage beauties. The kitchen experience is definitely fun too, you can see all the different groups of cooks preparing the tiny tasty dishes. I sat on a high separate table and was served with fresh made cheese and bread. Best part for my experience. My advice is BOOK EARLY.  1 month ahead may be safe. Then go for lunch, arrive there early, take a walk to see the farm (where your food is grown up) before enjoy the food. Dinner at winter time is a little weak without the the charm of the farm.
Considering that we were a group of six and we dropped $1020.00 tab on brunch(lots of wine and martinis included) it was one of the best brunches I ever had...Its no nonsense approach to dining and attire are tolerated one you enjoy the chef's daily offerings. No menus here, the chef wings it so to say with a plethora of fresh produce and meats from the farm. Service is good, although there was one moment they tried serving me lobster claw and tried to kill me! (anaphalaxia)But that was remedied quickly when the maitre d removed that waiter from our service crew! lol I think they killed him! ;)  All in all it was an incredible,gastronomical excursion with a flawless approach to food and service! I loved it, everyone should go at least once and give it a whirl! delish 5 stars..
I mean until you go, you just won't know. The free flowing service, attention to detail, staff knowledge of preparations and food all high end. The epitome of Farm to Table. When you are cutting greens from potted soil, you just can't get any more fresh than that. A very unique experience that you won't forget once you go. Short and sweet because the food here does all the talking.
We took the Metro-North up to Tarrytown which was a quick 40 minute ride followed by a less than 10 minute cab ride.  It was a bit chilly out but we went an hour earlier than our dinner reservation in order to check out the grounds since I've heard rave reviews about it.  Perhaps it's because it's still cold weather season but everything felt a bit bare.  Nonetheless, it was nice to be away from the hustle bustle of the city. We had a few drinks in the lounge/bar area before our dinner.  The apple pie cocktail was very tasty (had two..) and the staff was friendly.   The dining area was quite but did have a lively vibe to it.  We had the Farmer's Feast and it was great... we really enjoyed the small little dishes in the beginning before the 5 main dishes came... like the apple/celery shots, carrots, bok choy, a delightful potato chip with a fish embedded in it (sardine?), beet burgers (yum!), the cured meats, the bread with the butter, cheese, lard selections, and a weird root fried with panchetta, etc...  The 5 main dishes were:  beet salad,  farm fresh egg, fish wrapped in panchetta/stuffed with spinach, neck of lamb, pork (w/ sausage and liver concoction that resembled hamburger meat), and dessert (carrot sorbet and pudding.   Topped off with a roasted marshallow and then a choc truffle.  It was an enjoyable meal... the 2 meat dishes were a bit fatty for my taste but I still liked it... found the presentation and selection to be innovative... Nice evening out of Manhattan.   Bill after tip/tax came out to be ~$350 for two.
I want to give 5 starts, but I have to hold back for one reason - Parsnip. (explained later) The farm is beautiful.  I highly recommend walking around the farm. As for the food, they have no menu - no list of items being served.  They gave us just 2 course options - big or really big.  We chose the first option.  They bring this tiny notebook that lists foods that are harvested in each month.  I needed this book BEFORE I went there but I didn't know. This is the kind of place that reminds you that you live well.  Before dinner, we sat in the cocktail lounge and had beautiful cocktails in comfy chairs.  Then we had a big table in an open, airy dining room where you'd see many of the staff working quietly but efficiently.  From the first dish, you can't help but be excited and impressed.  The presentation is just gorgeous.  Dishes start small and are exquisitely presented.  And this will continue the next 8,9, or 10 times.  There was parsnip jerky around #4.  Then the dishes become more hearty - we had taco set w/ scallops and rutabaga wrap w/ other wonderful items to put in (yum!), a bean stew w/ bacon and egg (mmmm!) - lamb sausage.  And then parsnip steak (no!).  And there was a beautiful and playful plate of desserts.  But I couldn't believe they made dessert w/ parsnip, too.   I was only disappointed this lame root vegetable (which is usually filling many CSA bags in winter time) kept appearing in front of me, interrupting me during this otherwise dreamy dinner - THREE times!  But everything else during the over-3-hours'-dining experience was fantastic.  Next time I'm going in spring or summer.
This was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had (thus far). I was invited for a celebratory work event last Fall. A small group of about a dozen to celebrate the successful completion of a project, good thing the boss was paying cause I don't even want to know the resulting damage. We drove up to the farm (me being a total City girl, I was beyond amused and amazed)... a tour/farm guide met us and gave us a tour of the farm. He wore a suit, I'm just saying... They have acres of land and I personally felt like the little girl inside exploded out and I turned into a 6 year old girl playing in a petting zoo, even though I was in my monkey suit and surrounded by senior management. Yikes. Forget them. I got to meet turkeys and piggies and moo moos and I gave them names and took pics with them. Yea, I figure I kissed my chances of a promotion goodbye. After the hour long tour (you may not want to wear heels or your Jimmy Choos) we were whisked into the outdoor patio where we were served wine & bite size apps. They planned it so it was about sunset and we got to eat, drink and enjoy the amazing sun set surrounded by the peaceful farm on a beautiful autumn night. I get why people want to throw their weddings here. Total fairy tale scenery. And I lived it!  Since this is a "farm to plate" place, every bite was delicious and now I get the whole "eat local" deal. Then we were once again whisked away to a private dining room. I felt all grown up. It was like a "Pretty Woman" scene. We each had our own server (with white gloves on!) where they would place your plate in front of you and on cue they would all open the covers together. A very Juliet Roberts experience, except I didn't have to sleep with anyone! Whew! We were served a 8 meal course perfectly paired with red & white wine. I was enjoying every single minute and every single bite until we got pass the salad, soup, then lobster and on to the meats. I suddenly remembered Wilbur, Fred, Tommy, and all the turkeys, pig & cows I met pre-dinner. Guilt over came me, until my lovely coworker kicked me under the table and said, "Forget the tour and just enjoy the experience, oh and P.S. this meal is over $500 each". Oh. Right. Yup. Yum. On to my steak. One of the juiciest, yummy-est steaks ever (sorry Tommy). 8 courses later, I realized I am now and forever ruined. How will I ever eat "normal" food again? What a delicious and amazing experience! Oh and you're gonna wanna get all dressed up. Don't let the farm fool you.
I did the Chef Tasting Menu and it was worth very cent!  I cannot wait to go back here for what was a dining experience as good as they get. To begin with, the decor, design ands ambiance is exquisite.  Rustic, yet thoroughly modern.  The service was better than any I've experienced.  The staff didn't miss a beat and they all give the impression you are the most important person in the room.   The food I'll keep brief by saying if you get the chance and can afford the visit, do yourself the favor.  It is worth every cent.  Culinary perfection.
I am SOO impressed with this place.  This is the BEST restaurant...my absolute favorite U.S. restaurant.   It is located on the Rockefeller Estate, which is a working farm...The food is all grown here, or local, except for seafood...The service is outstanding...the atmosphere is upscale and very nice...I really like the ambience.  Everything I have eaten here on my two visits was top notch and delicious.  It is very pricey though..my only disappointment was when they instituted  what seems to be mandatory valet parking...I like to park my own vehicle.  Reservations are a must!!
The greatest meal ever, 6-stars from us The farm, the restaurant itself, the impeccable service, the most memorable meal one can have this side of the world. We had the least expensive testing menu with several drinks, the 20 or so dishes were artfully presented, the flavors the freshness the variety all on target. We dined at many  5-star establishments, this by far the greates Bravo to the Barber guys
While a review for one of the most highly rate restaurants is overkill here, I have to say that going to this restaurant is beyond worthwhile.  This is not just some 'fancy schmancy' restaurant where the ubber cool go to wine and dine...it is an experience that takes all comers (well, who can afford it and get a reservation) and treats everyone in such a warm and welcoming manner its is above and beyond the normal above and beyond.  I went with a large party and the room host for servers walked me through the restaurant to the steps of the restrooms just to be SURE I wasn't lost.   The amount of thought and foresight into your every need speaks not just to the food - which is the best I've ever had - but to the restaurant management which moves this place out into the stratosphere for dining.  Appetizers included quarter size 'beet burgers' that were enough to convince me I could, actually, live as a vegan.  Mercifully, a lobster corn bisque followed by rare filet brought me back to my carnivore roots.  All the dishes were balanced perfectly, not huge but not microscopic and the chefs sent plenty of 'perks' along for the group to try.  A perfectly timed absolutely delicious experience brought to you by caring and involved non-snooty staff.  This place should not be missed
Absolutely stunning, on all accounts.  The setting is gorgeous, the service is extremely gracious and as orchestrated as the Bolshoi overseen by a rather maniacal-looking manager.  The centerpiece display in the restaurant is always unusual and sublime.  If I am not mistaken, the said manager is the visual magician of these magical installations.  The cocktails are divine.  The presentation of the food is artful, enticing.  The twelve course tasting menu is a tour-de-force culinary adventure, thanks to Dan Barber.  I've done it twice, both times equally amazing and epic.  A dinner for 4 will cost around $1000 with drinks.  Blue Hill at Stone Barns sets the bar for the farm-to-fork tasting menu experience. It's lovely to arrive late afternoon and experience the grounds.  An early reservation is fine because dinner literally lasts hours and hours and hours A truly special experience.  After celebrating a friend's 40th birthday here, we returned to treat my parents for my mother's birthday.  It's the type of experience that inspires you to share and recommend.  Top notch.  Incredible.  An excellent reason to leave NYC, escape to the country and have a truly memorable meal and experience.
If you're taking the trek up here to eat... you would be wise to fork out the dollars for the Farmer's Feast WITH the wine pairings... and call a cab to take you home! Impeccable service with impressive items from their farm that they love to bring around and show off.  You can tell they are dedicated to their craft and it shows in the food and service.   We went during the summer and highlights included the BEST Scotch egg that I've ever had... and a lovely lobster dish.  Wine pairings were perfect.  They work hard to make sure that everyone at the table was satisfied and all food issues were addressed.  That was not an easy feat considering we had someone with peanut allergies, a vegetarian, 2 picky eaters that were primarily meat-eaters, and me... who hates mushrooms, mustard, and white stuff (i.e. sour cream, mayo, and yogurt!) They rose to the challenge and blew us away. I'd recommend this place to anyone!
"Are we supposed to eat that?"  My mom half-whispers to me as an adorable array of baby vegetables are neatly placed in front of us on row on tiny metal skewers. "I think it's decoration,"  my dad responds.   My parents are about as adorable as those baby vegetables.   Once we confirmed with our elegantly long-necked waiter, who delighted my mom with his formality, we then enjoyed what my parents thought were the first and second courses of baby vegetables, and baked kale and corn chips.  I had to tell them that we hadn't yet started the 5-course meal, after which they looked at me, startled, and exclaimed they were practically full.  Oh, deceivingly small Asian stomach space.   You must understand, my parents grew up during the Cultural Revolution, where meat was scarce and sesame oil (so mundanely available at your nearest supermarket) was to be savored.  As a child, my mother used to dip the tip of her chopsticks into a saucer of sesame oil to flavor dumplings.  To them, it is conceivable that two courses may be two bites each (though at these prices, even Manhattan-bred hedonists would protest). But back to the food. It's good to know that you do get about 4-5 "amuse bouches" that come ridiculously plated (on tree bark and other such wonderfully zany things only farms can get away with).  I got the sense that the chefs loved playing with the vegetables, making them absorb and provide flavors you wouldn't dream of tasting.  From a mere carrot - that blend of savory and tangy??  Previously unthinkable.   Those kale chips, for example, were the most delicious I've had.  They are paper-thin and crisp. Brad's overpriced raw kale chips can go to hell in comparison.  Actually, in general.  You can make kale yourself, without spending $9.   But not ones close to the magic creations here. There was a cocoa-dusted amuse was completely amazing.  There were quarter-sized asparagus hamburgers, bursting with flavor.  There was an unusual carrot soup in a shot glass.  Already my parents were overjoyed.  They hate eating out at Italian, French, American, Mexican, Spanish, Southeast Asian, German, or Argentinian places.  "Too heavy," they always confess, after a nice dinner out.  They wished they had stayed home to cook, usually.   The slew of introductory tastes, cleverly presented and cooked with virtuosity, was enough to convince them that there are some restaurants worth dining out. Onward: there was a farm taco, presented on a black slab with fresh slices of fish with finely curated toppings for you to assemble yourselves.  Fresh, interesting, an unexpected course.  And interactive.   There was a pasta dish that impressed less, probably because my parents are the masters of any home cooked dough (most of all, dumplings.  If you know me, you know about my family's dumplings).   The final savory course of pork had a cut of the most delicately flavorful pork belly I have had.  I say delicately, because I've had some pretty damn flavorful pork belly before.  But it's open heavy-handed, ripened, bursting with fatty drippings and oily sheen.  At Blue Hill Stone Barns, the pork belly was satisfying without forcing you to become a ravenous version of yourself.  For the civilized diner who wants the full flavor without losing his or her humanity.   Needless to say, despite how full we were, the pork, cut several ways and glistening innocently on our plates, went down very, very easily.   It was noticeably better than the pork in Manhattan's Blue Hill, which impressed on its own.   Blue Hill manages the formality due of a special occasion, with the appropriate amount of fuss, less the unnecessary stiffness.  Creating a sense of respect for any occasion without the overbearing flattery.   The experience was nothing short of wonderful, and epic in a subtle kind of way.   Tip:  If you call on a Wednesday for same-day reservations, you'd be surprised at the open time slots, even on a beautiful spring day.
Expensive but worth it. I have been here twice, both times for my wedding anniversary in March. As everything is freshly sourced and seasonal, I would say that the ONLY minor quibble is that both years the menu was similar. But who knew that caluiflower could be so delicious! Service is impeccable, setting is beautiful, cocktails are amazing, and of course the food is utterly delicious. A must-go place.
*** 2,600th review *** All I can say is that this was easily the best meal of my life. My husband and I came here for a big birthday, and we were immediately taken for an amazing culinary ride. We went for the grazing menu, which is a good way to go to try multiple things. We estimated that we tried 40-50 different little dishes over the course of 2.5 hours. I did the wine pairing, as well, which was divine but will definitely get you really tipsy. The waiters, sommelier, host -- everyone -- was incredibly professional and knowledgable. We estimated we interacted with about 25 different people, though we did have one main waitress who led us on our journey. When it came to dessert, our waitress asked us if we wanted dessert on the terrace. We said, "sure." As it so happens, because we had told them in advance it was my birthday, they had set out a cute bench with candles surrounding it on a private part of the terrace. It was so romantic. They brought out seven dessert plates, more wine, a dessert with a candle; and then we spent another half hour or so enjoying our private dessert space. It was truly lovely and a wonderful touch. An amazing and very memorable meal. I'm so glad we were able to make it here!
So it's taken me a while to write this review because frankly I was so unimpressed by my overpriced birthday experiance here last August 2012 . I still have not fully recovered. This was the most expensive dining experiance I have been to . Almost $500 for a five course dinner with wine pairing for 2. Now if the service , decor and food had blown my mind  or even tickled it, I could forgive that total. Since it barely made a whisper in my mind not much. So Blue Hill bills itself as all about farm to table. That was its main draw for us. I mean  you cant get fresher than walking your produce or protein from garden to kitchen.They have a lovely garden and even getting to the spot you meander through darky windy country looking roads. A special adventure outside the city. We arrived a few minutes early and were seated in a modern with hints of a reclaimed farmhouse past garden patio by our stiff but pleasant host. After a few minutes we were led to our table which for my tastes and at this price point was a bit too close to our neighbors. What followed was a severely orchestrated dance of way too many wait staff serving way too many tiny dishes of overly wrought cuisine with dramatic presentations and underwhelming flavors and ingredients. Despite the calculated casual yet formal decor, the service aims at pretend perfection. There seemed to be about four servers for each table. Despite this we had significant waits between courses, delayed dirty dish clearing and more than expected pauses in the serving of our wine pairing. The food was fine . Nothing exceptional. Definantly not substantial servings. If the whole dinner had not lasted so long would have been tempted to close my evening with some greasy fast food. And that folks says it all I think. What was most disappointing was that because of the overly contrived menu you really did not get the fresh ingredients highlighted. Everything was buried in the overly active busy mind of a chef who must think more highly of himself than his ingredients. Overall a major disappointment. Even if it was a quarter the price would not recommend. After eating here, I made a vow to never spend this price point unless it was a 3 Michelin. At least if we are out that kind of cash we can say we were at a 3 star restaurant.
This tiny space packs so much goodness inside.  There's always a small selection of sandwiches, some kind of frittata and soup.  Occasionally there is chicken, raised right at Stone Barns.  The soups rotate, but if the corn is on offer, give it a shot.   Tables are outside and can be hard to score on a busy weekend, but it's so nice to sit in the courtyard and enjoy the scenery. Tip: There are also a few tables in the garden! The cafe also has wonderful coffee and thoughtful gifts, some of which are not available across the courtyard in the gift shop.
We felt this was a case of the Emperor's new clothing, everyone raves, we couldn't. Yes, it is a wonderful setting out in the country, and yes the chef focuses on fresh seasonal ingredients and novel pairings, but otherwise we felt gipped. We were being treated as guests, so we weren't even paying! The portions are tiny, which is fine since there are so many courses. The feeling is akin to being part of a theater, very dramatic experience. But how pretentious to describe what you'd like and then they concoct something--often quite WEIRD and just not right. And the prices are sky high. We'd say save your pennies and go farther North--there are so many better Hudson Valley and Columbia and Ulster county places that are also more fun, less staid, and better food.
As almost everyone on here agrees, Blue Hill at Stone Barns is a truly memorable experience. I have been twice, and I would consider them both to be two of the best dining experiences of my life. You just don't get a better ambiance, food or service, not to mention the potential to actually engage with the farm from which your meal is coming. (The next day we walked around the grounds and got to see the greenhouse and farm animals - really fun!) We did the grazing pecking and rooting option, and we were absolutely stuffed and satisfied  by the end of it. What we were told would be 8-9 courses, ended up being around 23 plates ranging from small bites to medium sized dishes. Every single ingredient was impeccably fresh and delicious; whether it was the raw turnip or the pork snout.. (that's right, pork snout.) They are not afraid to be inventive, and they make sure you are having the best possible experience you can (in the beginning they prompted us about any allergies, food preferences, dietary restrictions, how comfortable we felt about eating "organ meat", etc.) They were even waiting for us after our meals with our jackets open, ready for us to slip our arms right inside - AND my car was waiting for us outside, heat blasting. You really just don't get better service than that, especially on a freezing and snowy night. I will say that the meal took about 4 hours or so, so I would definitely recommend a reservation no later than 6 or 7. This is a not to be missed, truly one of a kind tasting and dining experience. Highly recommend for a nice occasion.
Prix-fixe dinner which was about 5-6 dishes
Came here for a Mother's Day pre-fixe dinner in 2013. All I remember is: amazingly fresh asparagus and parsnips, a beautiful farm/backyard, and the bill reading $1,000+! Granted we had 6 people, but still. For that much, I was expecting to experience and remember a bit more. At the end of dinner, felt like we spent $1,000 on fresh veggies. And something about that feels unsettling. Atmosphere and service was top notch though.
Reservations are a pain in the butt for this place, but oh so worth it for a special occasion dinner. We went here for our anniversary a few years back, and it blew us away! The freshness of the ingredients is really top notch, and most of them come from right on the farm. It was really cool to be somewhere and see what was in season, and have the chef create a tasting menu for you based on what you like and dislike. The wine selection was fantastic, and each course was the perfect size. We spent about 3 hours on this meal, and left feeling completely satisfied. It ended up being the most expensive meal we've ever had, but it's definitely worth it once every few years.
After having been to an incredible dinner at the Blue Hill restaurant, me and the girlfriend decided to give the cafe a whirl and see the grounds. I had the bologna sandwich, cabbage faro soup, and a lemon poppyseed scone, and everything was top notch. Really nice foccacia bread for the sandwich, homemade bologna. The quality obviously isn't what it is in the restaurant, but it's really good. Also walked around the grounds, which were beautiful, and bought some homemade plum jam for the road, which turned out to be the highlight of the trip. Can't give 5 stars, because the prices are a little much (lunch was $17), but definitely a great way to spend the afternoon and some high quality eats. Also, very dog and kid friendly, so bring the whole gang!
Easily the best and most innovative restaurant experience I have ever had.  Luckily I was not paying!
Blue Hill at Stone Barns is the epitome of food as theatre!!! Tips for a fantastic experience 1. Arrive about an hour early to wander the grounds. 2. Sit on the terrace and have a cocktail before your meal. 3. Keep an open mind and surrender to the flow. 4. Do not expect heaping servings. 5. Do not expect to eat anything in a manner in which you've ever seen it before. 6. Bring friends. 7. Drink the wine, challenge your host to find you that perfect glass, don't be surprised when they succeed every time on the first try, and don't be surprised if the glass cost $32, just smile and enjoy the best glass of wine you've ever had. We did the 8-course tasting and it was perfect. We were there for 4 hours, no one rushed us, the timing between courses is perfect, as it allows for you to just begin to feel hungry again. Dress up, have fun, and prepare for an unforgettable evening. The price tag is steep, but well worth the experience ... if you are into a serious sophisticated farm-to-table experience.
Some really good food and drinks await you at this spot about an hour north of Manhattan. They serve whatever is "in-season" with emphasis on vegetables. We did the 4 course brunch but got all sorts of little amuses upfront. Beets were the highlight of the meal and they were pretty good in their various dishes. The best dish was a beet salad with a pine nut puree and frothy yogurt sauce. The service was pretty impressive and it definitely was on par with many of the other fancy NYC spots. You can also walk around the farm which was sweet - just be careful because since the restaurant requires formal attire, you don't want to be walking all over the grass in random animal crap with nice shoes on (which happened to me but who cares... it was still fun).
I love the Blue Hill Cafe for what it is, a casual place to enjoy a very casual meal in a beautiful setting.  Just don't think you are getting Blue Hill at Stone Barns cuisine! The sandwiches, soups, and snacks are all great, and I think the price is reasonable.  The best is that you can take your lunch outside and eat in the courtyard or somewhere else on Blue Hill Farm, which is really nice.   We ate at Blue Hill for dinner on Friday night (the best meal ever), stayed over on Friday night, then came back to the Blue Hill Cafe on Saturday just to have a bit more time on the grounds.  I recommend the bologna sandwich!
Spectacular everything. Five full barks. Only problem is finding the place. Roads around this place exceptionally confusing. Leave plenty of time to get there.
One of the most extraordinary dining experiences I've ever had. If you are a foodie and enjoy quality, fresh produce coming from the farm right outside the restaurant, do sign up for this 4-hour journey of culinary bliss and visual entertainment (there are about 20+ plates in total and all were presented in unbelievably inventive ways that draw out the natural taste of the food). There are only two options on the menu (either the full or an abridged version) and you don't know what exactly is coming up until the plates are served. Despite the amount of dishes and time frame spent on dining, we left perfectly satisfied without being uncomfortably full. Vegetables and legumes are a large part of the meal so if you are starving for large slabs of meat this might not be suitable. Came on a Friday night and everyone was very well-dressed so deck it out to complete the experience. Waiters and waitresses all super friendly and attentive. It is basically a 5-star restaurant in the middle of a farm.
Came here for a wedding. The food was incredible and something out of the Food Network channel. Service was wonderful and everyone was so courteous. Recommended.
Reviewing this restaurant is going to be challenging.   - First, AVOID THE 10pm seating, unfortunately we took it, because it's a 3.5 hours dinner (you do the math when you'll be done).   - Second, and more importantly, for the price I paid, I do not want to watch the staff putting away glasses and linens for the next day as part of my dining experience.   - Third try not to sit on the panquette, where I sat was worn and dipped down, so after 3 and 1/2 hours my back was killing me. Now for the food, my wife and I enjoyed each course, which there were many (we lost count).  We had the grazing menu.  Each course was nicer than the next.  Lots of micro potions of micro vegetables, so if you are not into vegetables, this maybe isn't the place for you.  The sommelier was extremely helpful and not pretentious, as we'll as the waiter. My complaint was that it was very slow.  The restaurant wasn't full and many of the dishes could have come out quicker...maybe 2 and 1/2 hours would have been more appropriate.  By 1:30am and my back killing me I had enough. Worth the experience, but avoid late reservations! I'm giving this only 3 stars because of the 3 issues I stated above.
My wife and I went here for our 5 year anniversary. (Had to make the reservation for about a month after our anniversary.) Lets just say I have never experienced anything like this. We went for the Sunday brunch on a nice sunny day. Everything was so fresh and perfectly cooked. Really tasty stuff. For the main course they gave us lamb which i loved but my wife suddenly realized she doesn't like lamb anymore. When the waiter saw my wife's plate full of food he asked what was wrong and immediately suggested another dish for. They brought us both out a perfectly cooked chicken dish with peas. It was good but the lamb was better. Dessert was a chocolate cake which was delicious as well. If I lived a more luxurious life then I would make this place a seasonal visit... but I don't.
It's that time of year again... my birthday! Last year, my plus one took me to Per Se, and this year, he surprised me with a trip to Blue Hill at Stone Barns. Our reservation was at 3pm (we took the Metro-North there so didn't want to eat too late to not be able to catch a train back). Once we got off at Tarrytown, there was a line of cabs waiting to charge us $14 to take us to Blue Hill.  It really changes your mood when you get out of Manhattan. I ordered the peanut butter cocktail to start. I forgot it was 3pm. I forgot it was Sunday.  Woo--was that drink strong... (this was actually one of the few times I ordered a drink and I was too full to finish it). Moving on, we opted for the 8 course tasting menu. The menu is different for everyone and is based on the meats and vegetables that are in season that month. I didn't think to write anything down but here are a few things I remember: fresh vegetables, sausage, noodles, liver with chips, cheese and pretzel bread, bread with lard, desserts, and a little cake with a candle! I was stuffed by the end of waddling around... we decided to walk it off by wandering around the barn while the sun set... cows, chickens, up close! I had to give this place 4 stars because I thought long and hard about some of the other places I really liked... Eleven Madison and Daniel both ranked higher but I'm so, so glad I got to come out here.
Don't even consider it unless you are an affirmed carnivore with a predilection for fat, fat and more fat. No fish or chicken courses in the 12 course tasting menu (which took 4 hours to consume), LOTS of pork with belly fat, with surrounding fat and decorated with fat.  Or duck- fois gras, pate, all very rich.  There was even a "course" consisting of bread, butter and LARD!  If this is your thing, it was well-prepared and well-served, but buyer beware!
My wife and I met her friend and husband there for a 3:30 seating.  We all had the Farmers Feast and were blown away across the board.  Impossible to touch upon all the attributes that make it an experience any foodie must have at least once.  The presentation, freshness, creativity, flavor, and service were impeccable.   Our guide both educated us and humored us as to what we were being served and how to best enjoy it. Excellent, excellent, excellent!
only restaurant i would drive through sleepy hollow for. unfortunately, it was a special valentine's day menu which we didn't find out til we got there. there was lamb and berkshire pork belly. both cooked very well. but there was also fish, seafood, and other items that were not the usual fare. my high point was the dessert which was full of texture and flavor. a citrus filled chocolate choux coated with chocolate crumble. i'm giving it three stars for this menu but am excited to update next month after my full menu visit.
We were totally blown away; dining at Blue Hill at Stone Barns is a magical experience and ranks among my top few meals I have ever consumed. From the beautiful setting, to the first rate service, to the amazing food everything is just perfect. Be sure to arrive early as it is fun to explore the estate. The train ride up from Manhattan is enjoyable and easy to navigate (sit on the left on the ride up for views of the Hudson River). The restaurant is in an old barn in the midst of an active farm and manages to be elegant, rustic and authentic. Nearly 90% of the food is locally sourced and at the peak of freshness and WOW does this make a difference; some of the most delicious and potent vegetables I have ever had. This sets the gold standard for farm to table cuisine. There is no menu at Blue Hill; each meal is personalized based on what you enjoy, are averse to and what is fresh (do not be shy in informing your server of your preferences - they will even bring different dishes to the same table to satisfy differing tastes among dining companions). Portioning is perfect: we opted for the eight course menu (five and twelve courses are also available) and left full but comfortable. We also loved the seasonal cocktails ($15 each) and wine pricing is very reasonable for a restaurant of this caliber. The only thing superior to the beautifully presented, exquisite cuisine is the people at Blue Hill. We were awed by the friendliness and competence of everyone we encountered; this is a very service oriented venue. One really fun course (following an array of seven different playful, interesting amuse bouches such as a miniature beet hamburger) was a make-your-own taco course. This included a wonderful watermelon molasses hot sauce. When I informed the person who cleared the course how much I loved the hot sauce he brought me a little  bottle to take home. When my wife did not like one course they insisted on swapping it for something she would enjoy. At the end of the meal they offered us a kitchen tour and timed everything so that a cab would arrive to bring us to the train station so that we would only have a short wait. This was an incredible all around experience and we were so enthralled by Blue Hill at Stone Barns that we plan to return for the kitchen table experience when we return to New York this summer. This is truly a destination restaurant and a must visit venue for anybody  into high end dining experiences.
We had the Sunday lunch tasting menu, and it's not an exaggeration to say it was the best food I've ever eaten. It was also among the most expensive, but it was so fresh, nuanced, and customized to me (no lactose: no worries) that I'll save up so I can go again!
One of *those* meals.  The ones that are hard to explain to people because the food is only half the story, with the plating and atmosphere just as important. The food was extraordinary.  By the time you read this the menu will be entirely different, so I will not even attempt to list it all.  What I can explain is the exceptional plating.  A tiny stand with a bronze bird claw base with a tiny slider perched on top.  A sculpture of leaf-less trees draped with sliced meats.  Pea shoots which are served still planted in dirt, with garden shears to clip them, dip them, and eat them.  Dish after dish, exceptionally presented and absolutely delicious. The service was also beyond top-notch.  Our sommelier and our waiter were delightful.  When food is placed on the table, it's placed all-at-once by a team of waiters as if you were at Downton Abbey.  When it was time to leave, they were waiting at the front desk not only with our coats, but with a loaf of bread in a bag because we'd mentioned how much we loved it.  We walked outside to a car already warmed up and a team of valets holding the doors open.   So much thought went into every moment of this meal.  Truly a unique and wonderful experience.
Oh god, better the second time around.  Eating according to the season is a fantastic thing.
Exquisite.  This is a meal of a lifetime and not to be missed. After a year of trying to make a decently timed weekend reservation, we finally got a 5:00pm reservation on a Saturday in May.  I would not have had it any other way.  Eating at 5PM allows you to come to the grounds early, explore without many distractions, and leave early enough that the traffic back to NYC (if that's where you're coming from) is not horrendous.   If your'e coming from NYC, I'd recommend Zipcar to get up here.  We debated train v. car for a while but it's a scenic drive and the flexibility to explore the grounds without the confines of a train schedule is truly a necessity.  Walking around the farm, you really get to see where your food comes from and helps you appreciate the farm to table aspect of the amazing meal that is about to be served.   Without getting too detailed, my hubby and I ordered the 8 course ($148 per person) but did not opt for the wine pairing.  Instead, we ordered wine and beer - which was fine and definitely worked out well for us b/c we could not drink too much (had to drive the Zipcar!)  The meal was utterly spectacular and fresh.  It was wonderful to hear the backstory of each course.  Some of my favorites were the farm fresh veggie starter amuse bouche that blew my mind (who knew veggies and a little bit of salt would be so impressive!), the farm fresh ricotta with homemade bread, and the egg pasta with "immature egg" topping that was so unique and satisfying that I will be thinking about it for years to come!  I would love to come back each month as the menu changes... if only the wallet would agree. As expected, perfect service, food and atmosphere.  The best dining experience I've ever had and really demonstrating the importance of farm to table.
A-OK.  It was really just A-OK.  Not worth the ride all the way to Stone Barns.  The courses were fine, but not impressive.  The vegetables, though, I'd say, were very fresh.  Nothing to call home for.  No reason to go all the way out there.
3 1/2* My hubbie and I finally had a chance to try this lovely restaurant.  We had explored the farm a few times in the past but were waiting for a special occasion to dine here. The restaurant itself is gorgeous with dim lighting.  Service was on point, although there were a lot of servers, not just one point person. I thought the experience was nice, but as a vegetarian it's easy to feel a little jipped at the end.  After all we're paying the same amt for veggies as meat eaters are paying for meat...how does that make sense?? We enjoyed the fresh veggies in the beginning.  Fresh ricotta was AMAZING with the chard marmalade.  The pea pancake was delicious as well, we just wished it was bigger!  The fresh greens with the green sauce (no idea what this was) was a taste of heaven.  The fresh yogurt and butter were divine.   We weren't fans of the parsnip dish at the end because the sauce was way too strong. The desserts were light and refreshing.  We loved the fresh whipped cream, I've never tasted anything like it. Overall, I'm glad we were finally able to come here and experience Blue Hill.  I think it's kind of $$$ for vegetarians, but I can see this being a totally different experience for carnivores.  I wonder how this measures up to the veg tasting menu at Per Se..
If you would like fresh farm vegetables to be cooked creatively yet simple..  This place rocks.  no menu but they do ask if there is something you cannot eat.. The food they serve changes with the seasons..  Went there twice fall and now winter.  I liked the fall degustation better.. lets see what spring brings about.   getting reservations besides a 10;00 p.m. sitting is a challenge.. one have to be Latin American to eat at that time available.  Also finding the place at night if one is going there for the first time is not easy.   Blue Hill does really meet expectations for a high end meal.  The one comment I have goes to most restaurants.   You will be loved if you have a wine list that have great wines at reasonable prices.. Ie. $40-$60.00.  Pehaps they have mostly expensive wines to keep you from drinking more than one bottle.
Dinner theater, quite simply.   The stage:  About a 40 minute train from NYC and then a 10 minute, $8 cab ride (available from the Tarrytown train station) to the farm.  Arrive early for a cocktail by the fireplace in the lounge.  You'll be ushered into a very open, high-ceiling'd dining room and if a couple, seated next to each other to enjoy the same view as your date. The crew:  From the valet staff greeting you upon arrival and setting up your return taxi to the knowledgeable wait-staff, Blue Hill delivered one of the most consistently impressive service experiences I've ever witnessed.  Service is a very important piece of a meal for me (see: my review of Battersby), so I was borderline giddy at how great and professional it was.   The cast:  The farm-fresh ingredients get top-billing and the chefs bring them to their full potential through thoughtful -- at times whimsical (beet burgers aka Beet Macs) -- preparations.  I was prepared to be disappointed with a lack of protein, but did not  need to be, as a delicious venison dish rounded out our pre-dessert sampling.  Tasting menus often leave you feeling over-stuffed, but the ingredients, cooking styles and spacing, while certainly filling, did not necessitate an airlift from the table to the taxi. Run-time:  We chose 8 courses (the 5, 8, and 12 options all have the same volume of food) and were seated for 3 hours.  With two rounds of cocktails and a bottle of wine, it was $600 all in for two.  And well worth it.
Came for 33 bday dinner and late 10 pm seating.  Dining room is very cozy and romantic, with tables centered around a large wooden dining table centerpiece with several plants as art that I personally didn't care for.  Honestly, this place is a 4.5. We had the 12 course menu, which took nearly 4 hours and though spectacular I would not recommend for those with a late reservation -- we were the last table and finished at 2 am.  Menu highlights included renditions of asparagus, peas, fresh vegetables and included 2 fish courses, pork, lamb, cheese plate and 2 desserts. Service was attentive, however a bit too bustling -- throughout the night there were easily 15 waitstaff on the floor servicing the tables.  Also, a separate wedding reception being held in the adjacent event hall fed numerous guests from their party flowing in and out of the main dining room to presumably use the restrooms.
After having been to French Laundry the week before I visited Blue Hill at Stone Barns, I can honestly say this place is my favorite restaurant that has served the best meal I've ever had so far. Everything was top notch--setting, staff, service, food, creativity, presentation. There was not a single flaw that I found with my experience (perhaps the gnocchi was a bit underwhelming). While the menu accordingly changes to the months and seasons, coming in March did not present any shortages of great ingredients. Everything tasted delicious and exceeded my expectations. While I can understand how many people really choose these sorts of places for once in a lifetime events, this is one of those places that deserve to be revisited on multiple occasions.
Could I move in, please? The architectural design of the restaurant is amazing. The soaring timber ceiling with struts is luxurious in that swanky eco-farm touristic way. I love all the air flowing freely overhead. I love the large round banquettes separated by several feet from the neighboring tables. I love the relaxing music and the soft tones of the waiters' voices. I really wish I could have climbed up into the swanky "hayloft" outfitted with Egyptian cotton sheets after two bottles of wine and the five or seven courses I ate. Too bad this doesn't exist. But the glow lasted through the Hudson line train ride back to Manhattan. Truly a special night.
Had an enjoyable and memorable meal here recently.  I did not have difficulty booking a spot online, and the weekend afternoon seating was perfect for my husband and I. We've been to Stone Barns many times for different programs/events, so it was a treat to come here for the restaurant. We opted for the 8 courses, and could not enumerate all the small plates we had.  It was somewhat difficult to decide what a course consisted of, but the first seemed to be farm fresh vegetables presented in novel ways, both cooked and raw, with a variety of delicious sauces.  There was also a seared tuna course, a smokey black bean and runny egg course (amazing), a lamb course, a bread course (featuring the most delicious homemade butter and lard, with two different salts), and deserts - including the chocolate truffle with strawberry ganache (?) was delightful, the gluten free muffin-ettes were not.   The inside of the restaurant looks like ... a cleaned up barn with pretty wood beams. Nothing particularly interesting or lovely, save a gigantic sideboard, in the middle of the room, from where a treasure trove of serving pieces emerged.   Service was efficient and pleasant.   Definitely a place for a special occasion!
Blue Hill at Stone Barns is definitely a special meal. What enhanced the experience was touring the grounds earlier during the day (took the livestock tour and our guide Barbara was very knowledgeable and very friendly). There is no menu, they simply ask if there is anything you are allergic to or won't eat (I said preferably no brains) We got a later reservation at 9:30pm, so opted for 5 course tasting and still left 3 hours later. I loved everything about the meal. i would come back one day and do the 12 course farmers feast... but I imagine that would be a 5 hour event. :o) definitely would come back again. one of my favorite dining experience to date.
Came here after waiting about a month to get a reservation.  It was 6pm on a Sunday and I must say, it was crowded but not packed.  The inside was really lovely - high ceilings with wood beams but an elegant setting surrounded by the farmland.   As soon as we sat down our servers were very professional, explaining each detail of the menu and where all the food comes from.  Our server actually pointed outside to the snow covered farm and said that some of the vegetables that are in season are from outside but they had a greenhouse as well.  He asked if we had any dietary restrictions/allergies and my boyfriend doesn't really eat pork so that was the only thing we said but we were ready for whatever the chef was going to prepare.   My boyfriend and I opted to go for the 5-course meal.  I had mistakenly had a large lunch and could not imagine trying the 8 or 12 courses! After we ordered our drinks the feast began... To start we had many little tiny bites: -Blood sausage -Pickled asparagus with steamed yolk -Squash whoopie pie -Baby carrots and some other green leaf plant (which I can't remember!) -Winter "fruits & vegetables" which was more like vegetable chips and dried apple -Beet burger -Beet sushi with grapes and rice -Pork liver + chocolate -Capicollo with eggs My favorite bite was probably the asparagus because I loved the pickled flavor and the beet sushi was the most unique.  It tasted pretty Japanese-inspired but it was interesting.   The 2nd course was delicious!  It was a scallop with beer braised endive and curry sauce.  Wow - I wish I could have had a bigger portion of that.   (Also had potato bread with butter/lard and beet flakes) The 3rd course was a farm egg (all runny and juicy on the inside) with chick peas, pastrami and a pesto sauce.  It had nice flavors and you couldn't really feel the consistency of the egg because when you broke it - everything blended together.  It was hard to eat on the flat dish with a fork though. The 4th course was my 2nd favorite - it was Jerusalem artichokes with gnocchi and black trumpet mushrooms and puntarelle.  I had never actually had puntarelle but I liked it, tastes similar to a fennel.  The gnocchi was really smooth and I love anything with artichokes.   The 5th course was my fav.  It was venison served with corn, beets, brussel sprouts (2 leaves) and 1 cranberry.  This was very nicely done!  The meat was rare but tasted like steak.  The sauce was delicious and had just the right amount of tangy flavor with sweet corn mixed with the gamey meat. For dessert there was a chocolate brioche with caramel ice cream and then a small plate of chocolates with pumpkin seeds and dried apples. OMG I was full.  I mean I don't understand how people could eat the 8 or 12 courses!  I know they were smaller portions but still...it's a lot of food!   Overall, I would say it was a solid 4+ stars.  Some of the dishes were much better than others but it was a great meal from beginning to end!  The only thing that was a little weird was when the little bites started to come out they didn't have any silverware but we wanted to share them and taste smaller portions so we asked for a fork and I feel like the waiter was a little annoyed with us.   I wish I could have visited the gift shop but it was closed by the time we finished up.  I'm definitely interested in trying their restaurant in Manhattan though.
The setting was amazing. The food was very good. This is where I want to retire to. The service was slow to begin with. We had brunch there and they took a while to give us our menu. I loved the creative plating/presentation. The pork was perfectly cooked. The appetizer was a poached egg cooked perfectly, but lacked flavor. A little spice would have made it perfect. The farm area was so pictureresque. If only they had a larger selection for the farmer's market.
my 2nd time here.  the food was great!  and the service was stellar.  i've been here fall and winter.  spring and summer will be next. as soon as i save some money :-)
Decor - stunning; the farm backdrop was much needed for an escape from the city Everything fell into place from the moment we parked the car to the fine menu booklets. There's no set menu which is lovely. Within the booklet, they explain which crops are grown in each month. Everyone is given the option to choose from the 5, 8, or 12 course and we were told that we'll be well fed no matter which one we chose. What they didn't tell you was the service that came along with the courses. We were sandwiched between two tables that ordered the 12 course and it was pretty apparent that they received "better" service. We opted for the 8 course because that seemed to be the best at that moment and it was a late Sunday night. Let me explain, the 12 course patrons were given more than 4 extra courses because I couldn't' stop looking at how much food they were offered and the head waiters constantly came over to explain the foods that were on the table. He also brought out the original pieces of vegetables to show the patrons next door where the food was coming from. During our 8 course meal, there were no demonstrations. All we had were waiters-in-training explain to us what's on our plate. That was a huge turn-off for me. The food itself was outstanding - probably one of the best but would've been to get the same treatment. Had I known, would've gotten the 12 course. Also, every table gets something different so be prepared to be surprised!
I'm guessing this review won't be well received, but it has to be written.  We went here in August on some very high recommendations for my wife's birthday and got the 12 course meal with wine.  We had a delightful ride out on the train from Manhattan and a nice time walking the grounds.  We got dressed nicer in their bathroom area and had some great cocktails while we waited for one of our party to join us.  It's definitely possible to make a real day of it and you should if you go. We had about 20ish actual different courses after we counted them up, so the level of effort and service is outstanding.  They were very creative and plated well and each dish delivery (we had 8 diners) was literally a performance itself with waiters that were coordinated and precise. I think the only problem for me is that there were so few protein dishes.  I missed out on one dish which was a scallop normally, but got an eggplant substitute instead, so that was my fault, but otherwise I think the only other protein i got was a lamb dish.  My friends and I have discussed this many times and tried to rationalize it as being because there was a vegetarian in the party and maybe it's our fault for not requesting some of their highly touted pork at the beginning, or maybe because it was 12 courses they didn't want to go too heavy.  Yet I still feel like it was a very unbalanced experience and distinctly remember at the end of the meal feeling like that was all great, but there was no memorable punctuations to the meal.  The vegetables were great, like the tomato burger, but for the money we spent it felt like it was missing something.   I can't help but compare it to French Laundry at the same price point and amount of raves people make about both, but it's really no comparison.  You might not get 20 some dishes at FL, but I guarantee that many more of the dishes you have will be memorable.  This is not a west coast vs east coast thing, it's just my honest opinion.
The cooking was amazing; the produce incredibly fresh, and the room was stunning.  Went last week (mid-June) and got peas with almost every dish, but no complaints here. We arrived almost an hour late because of unbelievable traffic leaving the city, but the host was almost apologizing to us -- he was insanely nice about it and kept thanking us for turning up.  Because we were so late, we only ordered the 5-course, but we did splurge and get a cheese course as well. Before I talk about the food: the service was brilliant.  Despite the formal setting (jackets and ties recommended but not required for guys, and I did see a table who wore denim and they looked completely comfortable and welcome), all of the staff were friendly, accommodating, non-obtrusive, and genuinely excited about the produce and the food.  It made the whole evening just so pleasant. The various bits and pieces before the courses are all tasty, but I HAVE to mention the veal femur(?) split lengthwise to expose the marrow, strewn over with caviar.  I almost died: the presentation was gorgeous (the bone was scraped entirely clean and it must've been sawn in half with a chainsaw because the edges were polished smooth!) and it was just heaven: animal fat and the salt of the sea. Spring salad was first course and it might just be my favorite because of its simplicity: pansies, rhubarb, beets, lettuce, berries, various other veggies and whipped ricotta cheese, all in a pretty line across the plate.  Clean, bright flavors, and I never knew that lettuce could taste like that. Brook trout stewed with peas was beautiful: fine-flaked fish cooked perfectly and seasoned well over sweet fresh peas stewed in the fish juices.  I was chasing the last pea in the bowl... Farm egg with speck and butter lettuce (and peas!) with charcuterie sauce was delicious but the flavors didn't marry as well as I would've liked.  Divvying up the speck so you got the right amount with the egg and lettuce was a challenge.  Egg was cooked perfectly -- the yolk just beginning to set.   Lamb with spring veggies and pea puree was scrumptious.  The lamb was a teensy bit stringy but otherwise cooked and seasoned beautifully; the carrots were INSANELY good and I loved how the bitterness of the microgreens hit back at the sweetness of the pea puree and the gamey flavors of the lamb.  I'm still thinking about those carrots...tiny little yellow and purple carrots with intense carrot flavor....omg. Cheese course: two small servings of cheese from a farm in CA.  Loved the pairings: a small pickled salad and the typical quince gelee.  The toast points were amazing: approached toasted carrot cake in texture and taste. Desserts were weaker, but the marshmallow-y strawberry concoction spiked with mint was spectacular.  Our table also got a weird parsnip cake, a blah flourless chocolate cake, and an ok cheesecake paired with a yummy, bright rhubarb sorbet.   The bill killed me: it wound up being around $160 pp (we each had a cocktail, and the cheese course.)  But still, I'd come back.  Best food I've had in a long time.  Next time I'll aim for brunch so that we get a chance to tour the farm and the store and the little cafe.
This is not dinner... who on Earth would ever spend so much money just on "dinner".  This is a performance!  From the second you enter the long drive onto the Stone Barns property and up to the restaurant you are an eager and willing particpant in an expertly directed, staged and choreagraphed production.  No detail is overlooked, and from the parking lot to the table the players (from valet to conceirge to captain to the food on the plate) evoke emotion through their performance, stories and your senses the likes of which you will not soon forget.  Dan Barber is an impeccable director who has assembled an infallable team.  I can't wait to go back!
One of the best meals of my life. Get the Farmer's Feast!
Slice of heaven on earth for the true foodie.  Farm education, farm to table dining -  a field trip AND exquisite - EXQUISITE - dining! We came here for our "Company Picnic" and we received a tour of the property, with a guide who explained some of the day to day errands of the farm, the cycle of the animals to maintain fresh soil (yup), and just learn about the farm.  We also were placed in the kitchen, broke into teams and had to make an appetizer using set ingredients.  That was fun - our team lost :\  but for a moment in my life, I knew how it might feel like if I was to be on one of those cooking competition shows  :) The lunch - exquisite!!  We had received three different types of wine throughout our meal - each amazing. The salad - bed of greens, asparagus with hazelnut sauce - with an amazing egg that they slow cooked in a container where it was heated with compost!  This egg was soft and perfectly runny on the inside; soft, melt in your mouth but still solid white with the most amazing crust outside - I don't know what they used to "bread" this egg, but it was out of this world. A wonderful, beautiful experience.  This is where you get the story of the food, the story of the environment, appreciation of cooking techniques....your mind is engaged, your eyes are engaged and your belly. Agree that the cost might be a bit jarring to a vegetarian, so I totally lucked out that this was our companys treat!
My review will be a bit different from those below, let me tell you who will enjoy Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  If you are a vegetarian, no (Sorry, Bourdain is right there is only so much you can do with vegetables).  First upscale meal you've ever had, yes.  Have dined at Perse, Daniel and are familiar with an extended dinner service with well orchestrated service, yes.  Understand that there is a premium for eating ingredients that are foreign to most restaurants in New York City, let alone the United States:  definitely yes. The location, service and food are what you would expect for $135/ PP before Tip & Alcohol.  The restaurant itself is elegant, a modern interpretation of a traditional barn with ample space for dining participants.  The lack of a defined menu adds a bit of anticipation and mystique to the meal and keeps you guessing as to *what* ingredients are in each delicately prepared dish. Highly recommend, especially for a special occasion.
It was easily the fanciest meal in my life. The food was original and tasteful. The decoration was as tasteful as the food, and the service did not disappoint at all. We did the shorter version of the menu and still ate for 3 whole hours. I'm really curious what the longer course is now. I also noticed some people got to go for a tour of the kitchen. I would love to do that next time.
Like nearly everyone else, I had a fantastic experience.  The ambiance is perfect, the staff is attentive, and the food is amazing.  We even got to see the kitchen after our meal!  Note, however, that you need to be a bit adventurous since you don't get to select your dishes--just whether you want 5 or 8 courses, with or without wine pairings, and you have the opportunity to give any dietary restrictions.  As long as that works for you, you won't be disappointed!
I'm not pissed off or anything; I am just surprised and very let down.  The place is really pretty, that's the best thing it has going for it. Overall it feels very institutional, stuffy, and pretentious. What is up with these high-end tasting menu places where they have to push their food cost down to be so minimal that the whole thing is just insulting? Same goes with the wine pairings, mostly white, Greek wines, Reislings, cheap wine, cheap wine, why? At $100 a pop is that really necessary. At least fake it a little. The whole tasting menu was like an elaborate spoof of itself; only skimpier and more ridiculous than I possibly could have imagined.   For example: Here is a mason jar full of beets that you are supposed to look at for 20 minutes, don't touch them or eat them. Then comes a one bite dish including some beat-up beats. They did this with like four of the courses. It was so silly. Here is a bowl of wheat. Look at it for 20 minutes. Okay! Here is your main course, a piece of wheat bread and some lardo! Come on. Lardo and butter are cool and tasty and stuff, but how about some homemade cheese? Or better yet, how about some protein! (There was some homemade ricotta at one point that was really good) I know it's not a steakhouse, I don't expect them to come over with a 40-Oz Tomahawk Ribeye from a grass-fed cow raised on the property, educated at Sleepy Hollow HS, and bathed weekly in the Saw Mill River, but would it kill them to break out a little of the hard stuff? I mean a stew, a baby lamb chop, a fricken ragu, something. Two courses did have solid proteins, an undercooked 1.5  bite of Hake, a very cheap fish, and an elaborately plated and very tasty ration of pork loin, maybe 2 oz. The dessert course, a bunch of mediocre truffles and some funky honey dishes (after we stared at 3 types of honey we weren't allowed to taste for 20 minutes) was what should have been brought over alongside the bill as compliments, after a real dessert course. A few other little things happen that were annoying: At the bar I ordered a beer before dinner, it was like 5 ounces at most with over an inch of foam. The bartender was struggling to poor it without all the foam so I offered to switch to a different beer and she insisted on me sticking with it. The beer cost 12$. I love craft beers but anything over $8 for a pint is very expensive. It's not like draft beer is their main profit center, is that really necessary? Then when the rest of our party arrived they ordered a couple $16 cocktails but before they were ready the host insisted we sit down right away to the point of near conflict, it was awkward. God forbid we sit down 15 minutes after a reservation for a 5-hour, $1000+ dinner (for 4 ppl) after they sat in traffic for an hour. We had to send back a turned bottle of wine. It was so awkward. I hate doing that. Everybody hates doing that. But it really does happen and you shouldn't feel pressured to suffer through it. And in most cases the restaurant gets credited back for it no questions asked. So why? Why get into a subjective standoff with the sommelier? Maybe its partially because you don't have a server directly assigned to your table. Suits, vests, captains, sommeliers, but nobody is living and dying by your exact tip and taking it upon themselves to make your experience perfect. This is the flaw of so many restaurants. This is America. We tip. We tip based on service, sales, personality, and detail. If there was a professional waiter watching after our table the wine within question would have disappeared, no questions asked. The whole place felt like nobody was really in charge. There is a culty vibe and definitely a distinct culture, but you don't feel the personality and desires of a chef, proprietor trickling down though the service staff. There is definitely a major disconnect between the professional full-timers and intern types. All in all its good for a few things: -a cocktail after a beautiful walk through the grounds. -a wedding or event you are not paying for. -a fancy dinner on someone else's dime that you come to with a full stomach
Yes, it was as good as it gets! What an amazing place. Food and service were outstanding. We had the 5 course tasting menu, which turned into a 14 dish menu with some remarkable culinary revelations. What a treat.
Best meal ever! The extremely knowledgable wait staff discusses your preferences and the chef creates a personalized tasting menu. We went for an 8-course which was extremely leisurely and very civilized. Next time we might order a 5-course and add a cheese course as by the end of it, we were struggling a bit. Beautiful setting, inspired presentation and the most outstanding flavors! Make a reservation well in advance, but it's well worth it!
Food was good. But I expected it to be. This place did not disappoint or exceed my expectations. I think everyone should go at least once and if they can afford it one each season.
Best. Food. Ever. The fact that Blue Hill doesn't have three Michelin stars shows that there is a huge flaw in their rating system. After dining here, I'm going to have to go back and re-rate all of the restaurants I've been to, using Blue Hill as the new standard. Ok, I probably won't re-rate everything, but Blue Hill has definitely set a new standard for food, especially when referring to restaurants that serve "farm to table." My girlfriend brought me here back in September for a belated birthday celebration. I'm not sure how far in advance she booked, but she said the reservation wasn't difficult because she booked on a Wednesday night and made a 5pm reservation. The area surrounding Blue Hill is beautiful. You should save some time to come and explore the Blue Hill, as well as the surrounding area, before your meal. After exploring the grounds a bit, we ended up arriving a few minutes early for our reservation and enjoyed some cocktails in the lounge area, before being seated at our table. I had the Worker Bee, which was Tequila, Grapefruit Liqueur, Stone Barns Honey, Lemon and Angostura Bitters. If you're not a fan of tequila because of a few bad memories in college, don't even worry. The Worker Bee shows you that tequila can be used to craft a classy cocktail instead of being pounded for shots. Moving onto the food, there are a few menu options - 5, 8 or 12 courses. The amount of food that is served remains constant between all the courses, but ordering more courses will give you more variety. The staff spends time talking with you, to discover your likes and dislikes, but if you look at what people around you are eating, you'll see that nobody is eating the same thing that you are. Their elegance shines through, but is communicated through the simplicity of the freshest and seasonal ingredients, which lead to a constantly changing menu. I know that's not a new concept, but there's something about the way Blue Hill does it. As for what we ate, we opted for the 8 course menu. Before the first course was served, we were given 5 amuse courses. Below, I'll describe what we were served. They did write down the menu for us, but only the entrees and desserts, so I'll describe the amuses to the best of my ability. Everything was delicious and needs not be described in excessive detail. See my pictures for more: Amuse #1 - some kind of a soup in a shot glass. Amuse #2 - Raw, fresh farm veggies. Carrots, tomatoes, lettuce & peppers. Amuse #3 - Parmesan & potato crisps with goat cheese Amuse #4 - Zucchini, tips wrapped in bacon & sesame seeds Amuse #5 - Whoopee cushions, filled w/onions Entree #1 - Pizza: Last of the tomatoes, Blue Hill Farm Ricotta. This dish was inspired by Chef Dan Barber's meal at Roberta's in Brooklyn. Entree #2 - Summer beans, almond, cured egg, chorizo. This dish was served on a huge stone slab. Entree #3 - Alaskan Salmon, tomatoes, sauternes Entree #4 - Compost cooked eggplant, onion, canola seeds, burnt wheat. For this course, we were taken outside to the compost pile, to show how hot air is pumped into it in order to cook the veggies. Top notch - who'd have thought? Entree #5 - Stone Barns egg, sweet corn, chanterelles. The egg was also cooked in the compost. Entree #6 - Blue Hill Farm veal, eggplant, ratatouille Dessert #1 - Elderberries, elderflower, nasturtium Dessert #2 - Plums, ginger, milk jam Dessert #3 - Chocolate Birthday Cake. I ended up bringing most of this home. Dessert #4 - Fruit & Nut plate It's a heck of a lot of food, but so delicious and worth the trip and the price. The meal will take 3 - 4 hours, but you'll need the time. I started getting full at entree #4. I did try a second cocktail during dinner - the Shisho Watermelon Punch. It doesn't get much more refreshing than Shisho Infused Gin, Vermouth Blanc, Watermelon and ginger. Bread is served as well, with roasted garlic, butter and salt. I did ask what the difference between the Blue Hill at Stone Barns vs. their Manhattan location was. They said that at Stone Barns, tasting menus are the only option, while in Manhattan, you can order a la carte, with tasting menus also available. Blue Hill is very unassuming and not at all snotty or pretentious. While it is expensive, their dining room is very homey, country-ish and comforting. The staff are friendly, professional and accommodating. The gentleman who attended us for the evening was named Matthew and was a true class act. My girlfriend was also able to arrange a kitchen tour, during which we met Chef Dan Barber, who is a really nice guy, aside from being an amazing chef. For those of you who are reading this, live in New Jersey and have been to Ninety Acres or are thinking of going, skip it. Blue Hill is what Ninety Acres wants to be. After we paid the bill and walked to the valet, I saw something in the distance. Could it be? Yup... our car was waiting for us. Blue Hill is not to be missed.
I recommend you to tell them you don't eat fish or meat  when you order. Their veges are fresh and prepared much better than meat or fish dishes.   It's definitely not worth eating seafood there. I wish the service was more casual and relaxed.
This was the best meal I have ever eaten.  It is the epitome of farm to table cuisine, since you are actually eating on the farm from which almost all the ingredients are harvested.   The meal begins with a series of amuse bouche that highlight the freshness, quality, and variety of vegetables offered at the farm.  This included brussel sprouts you cut off the stalk yourself, bean sprouts that are served in their own tiny pot, and a beet yogurt with a kind of granola that ended up being my brother's favorite dish.  The amuse bouche continued to become increasingly complicated and ended with a delectable bone marrow that was superbly prepared and seasoned.   Another highlight of the meal was the smoked cabbage that had been cooked over burning pig bones which gave it a great meaty flavor.  The farm is very environmentally conscious, they focus on sustainability and using every aspect of the animal which is really commendable.  My favorite dish was probably the homemade brioche toast with ricotta cheese that was also made on the farm.  The cheese was so fresh it was unlike anything I have ever tasted.   Needless to say the service, the setting, and the ambiance was amazing as well.  If you ever have an opportunity to go here, I would take it!
Amazingly beautiful and the food was perfect. I licked each plate clean after every course. Took the whole family.
My husband and I went to Blue Hill for a Valentine dinner, but on the 13th. From start to finish we were impressed... it was probably the best culinary experience I've had to date. The grounds are beautiful, as is the lounge and dining room. Very large and decorated with artistic flair. Speaking of artistic flair... the presentation of the food was very unique. I am glad that our server told us how to eat certain courses because we would have felt awkward using our hands so often in such a nice place. The food. was. amazing. I love vegetables, but my husband... not so much. The vegetables were so fresh, and prepared with such understanding of complimentary flavors, that even my husband was won over and ate lettuce, chick peas, kale, and whatever else they put in front of us. Btw- smoked kale might be the most delicious thing ever. My only meh moment was the pork (I think they said it was from the neck) in the 4th course. I can eat a rare steak, but when pig is underdone (which was obv the way it was supposed to be) I can't get on board. However, the corn polenta and beet/cranberry sauce that accompanied it was sooo good. Save up some money and go. You can rationalize spending that kind of money as it being an experience. The food is excellent. The drinks are excellent. The atmosphere is excellent. It's worth the bill.
Best meal in recent memory. Simply prepared yet absolutely delicious. The ingredients speak for themselves. I eat cauliflower all the time and I had no idea what it really tasted like until I ate a cauliflower steak at Blue Hill. Would eat there every week if I could afford it!
This is a review for both the dinner and the "insider" farm tour. If you, like me, have been in cities for as long as you can remember and are sorely lacking in a farm education, this farm tour is for you. Any fears of it being overly inane or "childish" were misplaced entirely. Our two hour tour included inside tips (including how you can spend a course in the kitchen with the chefs), visits to the sheep pen, chicken houses and pigs. I was fortunate enough to see a pack of adorable just born piglets (and nearby a pig and sow attempting to make some more). My only reservation holding back a wholehearted recommendation is the danger that having too much fun with the animals at the farm detracting from your enjoyment of the same on the plate! Not having been able to secure a reservation, we walked into the bar as it was opening at 5 (smart to get there early since there are literally a total of 10 spots). In addition to the prix fix "no menu" options of a variety of course lengths, there were a couple of very reasonably priced bar only options. I would describe the dishes I ate, but it would be of limited use given that the menu is subject to change at an almost daily level. As described by the chefs during our tour, the specifics of the daily menu is subject not to the whims of the chefs, but rather the vagaries of the output of the on site farm. Our meal happened to be heavily pork focused, which suited us just fine. All courses (including several gratuitous before our first official course) were well prepared, flavorful, imaginative and delicious. The cocktails that paired also did not disappoint. All in all, a great meal  and a great day. Sure to return.
Farmer's feast was the amazing. I thought it was better than Le Bernardin and Eleven Madison Park. One of the most interesting, exciting and delicious meals I ever had.
Before embarking on our 4.5 hour dinner, we faced two critical decisions: (1) 5 courses ($95) or 8 course Farmers Feast ($125) "If we go strictly for value..." "What if foie is only in the 8 course..." " ...but 2 of the 8 are desserts." " Guaranteed I throw up on all of you if..." Analysis paralysis. Farmers Feast* it is. Significantly easier... (2) Any food allergies? "Only to cheap ingredients!" Chortle. The menu is seasonal so I will only note the foodgasms: a) Potato Onion Bread: You question, you smirk. Guaranteed you'll body slam grandma for that last slice. b) The Best Butter in all of God's Creation.  My ode to: mellifluous butter taste buds a flutter paula deen gasps i die. c) Sorry folks, Banh Mi has jumped the shark. The new category killer: Bone Marrow + Caviar + Beet Salt + Aforementioned Bread/Butter.  I'm calling it! d) Beet Sliders. Oh my Bourdain. Conversion to vegetarian, easy. e) 8 amuses. E-I-G-H-T. I nearly choked when informed, "Your courses will now begin." What your mother...?  I thought these *were* the courses! f) Lamb. Neck. Neck of Lamb. Vegetarians are insane. g) Fresh pasta, showered with embryonic egg shavings. Miraculous! Other highlights: - Incredible service, with each course unveiled with ninja-like precision. It's not often you encounter people who enjoy their jobs, but BH staff LOVE what they do, evident in their thoughtful, often enthusiastic insights into sustainable farming, egg laying, the BH family history. Ever gracious and patient, they will happily inundate with endless factoids. - Our private tour of the kitchen, pastry room, and herb garden (blueberry thyme!) complete with anecdotal gems such as: "The Clintons dine here often and Bill is amazing. He shakes everyone's hand regardless of who they are...from the chefs, line cooks, dishwashers..everyone. Looks you straight in the eye--extremely personable guy. Hillary? Less so...but of course she was campaigning then..." Simply stated, a night of amazing food, enlightening conversation, and I now walk away with a new found appreciation for animal husbandry. Current Crush: Chef Dan Barber! *we chose wisely. while feasting on bone marrow, we spied the 5 coursers chowing down on...salad. scoff scoff.
Last night's meal was quite simply one of the best I've ever had.  We've been attempting a trip here for four years and it was well worth the wait.  I'm not going to go into an essay about the ins and outs of this place.  If you are really into food, like to try new things, was to have the freshest food possible and incredible service then you will love this place.  Be prepared.  It is obviously tremendously expensive but the experience is worth the price. Do some research before you go here.  Only if you do not get what this restaurant is about would you not enjoy yourself here.
Reasons to go to Blue Hill at Stone Barns.   You love great food.  You think most foods don't taste as good as they did when you were a kid.  You are a curious person.  You enjoy having experiences.  You believe things should be done well even if they take time.  You love to eat.  You find dining to be a sense-filled experience.  You feel like most food is missing something.  You like the idea that someone is making the planet a better place.  You love quality.  You value simplicity done excellently.  Or even if none of the above apply, as long as you love food and you're not in a hurry, you will love BHSB.   And for everyone who has ever said to themselves, I want to find something really special, really unique and really wonderful to do for another human being-- take them here. Blue Hill is truly a food experience.  I recommend making your reservation on the early side-- around 6:00.  Eat some breakfast and then dont eat again all day, you're going to need your appetite.  Dress elegantly but comfortably, and arrive at least an hour early so you can walk around the beautiful surrounding farm.  Learn about the philosophy of the farming at Stone Barns.  Enjoy the beauty of the building.  Take some time to check out the gift shop and particularly to browse through their book collection.   You get to choose between an 8 or a 5 course meal.  The 8 course meal is a tremendous amount of food but I highly recommend it.  You'll want the opportunity to taste as many things as you can because the taste and flavors are just mind blowing.  The courses are small but there's plenty of them.  Oh and dont ask for bread, it will come at just the right time so that you enjoy eating it for taste, rather than to fill up because you're hungry. Another tip-- Be patient.  The courses are spaced a bit further apart than you may be used to.  Nothing here is rushed.  But its truly worth it. And enjoy the education about some of the courses you will receive. Dont worry, the kitchen can work around any dietary restrictions you may have, but the best way to enjoy your meal is to just be willing to eat anything they bring.   I've gone on way too long but I have to highlight a few of the amazing things we ate.  We started with a V-9.  Basically a cold vegetable soup.  In any other environment I cant think of anything I'd hate more than a cold vegetable soup.  But I would travel all the way up to BH just to have one small glass of this again.  I cant begin to describe the excitement of tasting each and every vegetable-- the amount of flavor-- the amount of freshness in this tiny shot glass that started our meal.   At Blue Hill you will be thrilled when they bring you a plate with nothing more than a single carrot on it.  Or a tiny stalk of raw broccoli.  And tasting these simple plain barely prepared bits of perfection will convince you that there is a world of a difference in how something is grown. We ate breads we had never tasted before, a ricotta cheese made that morning from grass fed cows that made all other ricotta seem like the equivalent of kraft singles.  We had an onion slice that had been grilled over homemade charcoal for 18 hours (take that bloomin onion!) with 4 paired 'condiments' (oh my god the tapenade!).  We ate raw fish and pear slices that could make you feel emotional.  The lamb belly was a religious experience.   The entire evening will give you an incredible sense of well being and how the world should be.  I can honestly say this was the best meal I've ever eaten-- so good, it makes me want to go back and lower every other Yelp I've given because an entirely new standard has been met.   The service was outstanding.  A wave of staff brought each course, set them down in front of us simultaneously and then disappeared quickly while one server would remain to tell us about what we were eating.  And the evening was enhanced tremendously by concierge, Robert Delaney who made sure to come by and tell us the stories behind some of the courses with an obvious (or incredibly well practiced) love for the processes and uniqueness of each item.   If you've made it through this incredibly long winded review, then I know you will love it as much as I did, so get on that reservation waiting list, and then let me know if you enjoyed it as much as I did. Oh and one last thing. If someone in your life has taken you to Blue Hill,  hold on to them tight.  They must really love you.
This place is just terrific. Okay, it is a bit pretentious with that whole localvore thing, the multiple courses of small portions and the artsy presentation - but the food is wonderful. Very fresh (of course), wonderfully subtle. The taste comes from the fresh ingredients rather than lots of spices or butter or other trickery. Plan to spend quite a bit of time (and money). Excellent spot for a special occasion.
My first review and what better restaurant to review than Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  When I first heard about Blue Hill I never expected to find a 5 star restaurant in a state preserve, right in my backyard!!  Not knowing what to expect, we arrived at our 9PM reservations fashionably late as always (driving in Westchester in the dark is no easy feat). We ordered the smaller of the 2 choices, the 5 course meal.  Our culinary journey began with appetizers of various farm raised cured pork products. I'm not really a fan of cured meats but the fresh made bologna and pork cheek was great.  My favorite of the night was a fennel, tomatoes and bean salad that was utterly superb.  The different flavors of the fresh veggies mixed together so well.  It hit all the right spots as I never thought a salad could.  The rest of the night went smoothly including fresh ravioli with a medley of mushrooms I have never even heard of and deserts made from a local fruit only grown on the premises.  Overall the waitstaff and hostess were overly attentive and the decor was beautiful.   The reason I give Blue Hill 4 instead of a 5 is that since our reservations were so late, I have a feeling that my meal was not as well presented as an earlier meal.  They brought us two of the same deserts as well as charging for 4 people rather than 2.  I feel this place was a bit too pretentious and trying a bit too hard to make me feel at ease.  I want to return another earlier time, maybe during the spring to see what else this place has to offer.
Absolutely incredible! Worth every penny. The food and service are impeccable!
You come here and you literally fall off the face of the Earth for a day!...well the face of NYC @ least. After a month of anticipation, I can't believe we were finally here! It took less than an hour after leaving the city until you are greeted with the sign out front of Stone Barns ^_^ You pass a few rolling hills and this bare rock, castle Dracula-looking mansion reveals itself in all its grandious... then down the hill we go to park. Everything grown here is cultivated on the basis of sustainability and humanity! Go you Stone Barns! We had a chance to check out where the little lambs, piglets, turkeys, geese, chickens, big lambs, and big piggys resided. There was a large greenhouse just filled with all the veggies we'd be consuming later on at dinner...awww so wonderful! Baaaaaa! the little lambs called out....OMG, my heart almost melted! These were so cute, I wanted to take one home! They have lamb shearing day coming up in May...maybe I'll make it my excuse for my next visit! We hung out for a while before dinner and had a chance to go into the cafe to buy some 5$/12 eggs...I was very excited to cook these for breakfast and let me tell you, YUMMY! ^_^ I also tasted their one and only Canadian beer, Inabroue, which I picked out from their extensive book! I am biased towards my country in that way and it turned out to be GREAT! I knew it would be though. @_^ The FARMER'S FEAST was the best tasting menu I've EVER had in MY LIFE!!! Who else serves 7 amuse bouches before an 8 course meal?!?!?!?! UNBELIEVABLE! @_@  So all together we really had 15-16 courses! I won't go into detail about the menu since the Walking Yelp explicitly listed almost everything we ate in the previous review already! I have to commend the servers on the service. Your graceful dance-like service was AMAZING! Everyone was nsync and everyone was on the tip of toes making the evening go as smoothly as possible. I am so amazed by your knowledge about the food and grateful that I learned so much about eggs and things like what a buddha's hand was because you had everything at hand to show us. But my favorite dishes would have to be the first amuse...baby carrots and the cauliflower. The bread with the homemade butter and house infused salts was DELICIOUS, but I had to resist not overloading on bread! I must tell you how EXPLOSIVELY MIND BLOWING and SCRUMPTIOUS the LAMB'S NECK was.....think BUTTER! OMG, my mouth has never experienced anything like this lamb's neck before! Anything I have hereafter, I know, will never compare! ....*tear! :( Last but not least, I loved the gin sorbet and tonic gelee with the buddha's hand preserve inside for one of the desserts, GENIOUSLY REFRESHING! 7 amuses and 6 courses later...a palette cleanser and then 2 desserts with another end of the meal treat! The best chocolate truffle and marshmallow ever! My taste-buds were having so much fun, but my stomach was just pleading me to stop*_*. okok... I requested our server to let us tour the kitchen after dinner....Oh YES! Not only did we see the kitchen, we got a PRIVATE TOUR at the end of dinner led by the maitre-d, Robert (I believe) to the silos and the parts of the property where normally was not shown to the public. What a nice guy! They hold weddings and private ceremonies year round in either this gigantic room surrounded by solid rock and simple yet sophisticated chandeliers or in smaller rooms below this one. We were finally done and I seriously will never forget this experience! I heard about Dan Barber and his Blue Hill ever since I moved to NY...I admire Alice Waters and knowing that he work @Chez Panisse under my idol just made it even better! THANK YOU!
Oh my god.  The best place.  I would get married just so I could have my wedding here.  Except I wouldn't walk down the aisle...I'd eat down it. RUN.  If you walk, I will have stolen your reservation.
We cheated. Our friend, who is a chef, emailed the Sommelier to let him know we were going to Stone Barns that night. He took care of us. This is what that means: Upon arrival we were given a glass of rose champagne each (though I suspect this is something everyone gets). Once we declared we'd be getting the 8-course Farmer's Feast, and furthermore that we had no dietary or taste restrictions (which they were particularly excited about), we had a discussion about wine.  Pam pushed the menu to me; I pushed it back to her. The difficulty was that we had know idea what we'd be getting, though we knew it would involve a variety of vegetables, fish, and meats. We were wondering if we should start with a bottle of white and move to a red. Our friendly Somm came by and offered to relieve us of the burden of choosing. We accepted. At that point we could just sit back, talk, and wait for the surprises. There were so many lovely surprises. The meal started with several amuse bouches  and ended with three desserts. From start to finish we saw some amazing things: Starters: Cold corn soup Seasonal Vegetables House-made charcuterie Corn custard with lardo Fairy tale eggplant coated with sesame seeds Face bacon Tomato jam sliders Fresh bread with house-made butter, fresh ricotta cheese and tomato salt Courses: Veal marrow with caviar Bluefish with pig's ear vinaigrette Autumn fruits and vegetables with pinenuts and house-made yogurt Mackerel with fennel puree and roe Farm egg with tomato marmalade and black trumpet mushrooms Turkey with three kinds of mushrooms: chicken mushrooms; sweetbread mushrooms; one that we cannot remember. Berkshire pork belly, loin, and snout with black eyed peas and shell beans Dessert: Plums, asian pears, and sesame sorbet Blueberries, peaches, and olive oil corn cake Sesame brownies with cocoa nibs Fresh fruit During the pauses servers came by to show us local ingredients: before we got the perfectly soft-boiled egg we were shown what types of eggs they use; before we ate the mushrooms we were presented with a tray of mushrooms. As a result the meal offered an opportunity to learn more about food, which Pam and I were sooooo into. There was a lot going on---a lot of plates coming and going---but the way I am going to remember the meal is as little flurries of activity--- bites of beautifully plated food landing on our table, dancing into our mouths, and then empty plates disappearing---all without any notice. Our attention was directed at the flavors; everything else happened as if by magic. The wine came right before the dish with which it paired best. This gave us a chance to taste it both with and without food, so we could see how its personality changed in the company of food. The wines were all delicious. After the champagne we drank a 1990 Riesling. Then we switched to a white burgundy (I think Chassagne Montrachet), followed by a red burgundy (2002 Nuit St. George). With the pork we drank a Brunello de Montalcino. With the desserts Pam deferred to the Sommelier who chose a Madeira; I opted for a 1998 Vin Jaune. It was the perfect end to a perfect meal. And the company was just stellar.
I've heard about this place for a long time and how amazing the dining experience is here so I decided to save up some money and eat here before I leave NY. We came on Sunday for the 4 course meal and got so many dishes, it really felt more like a 5-6 course meal. 3 appetizers (beet burgers, dried vegetable chips, carrot juice), 3 main dishes (brook trout, egg & turnip, pork), followed by dessert (mocha chocolate sorbet with creme). The food came quickly, the service very prompt and friendly. They did a great job integrating the use of many different vegetables into the meals, except for dessert of course. The brook trout was exceptional, with an interesting good balance of favors (I couldn't even identify some of them) with the right amount of smoking without overcooking. The food was generally very good though with a mix of some impressive dishes and other mediocre dishes. But for the reputation and price I was expecting a bit more creativity.
I enjoyed touring the farm and gawking at all the beautiful chickens, sheep, pigs, herbs, and garlic. One of the chickens managed to get outside of its pen and was desperately trying to get back in! It made me think of Plato's Allegory... Anyway, the food: W.T.F. I paid for a meal. For $200 a head I expect to walk out full. Instead, I nibbled on tiny crudites, headcheese, an egg encased in a glass, and some other random gibberish. I understand that the chef is trying to be "playful" but at a point the fun and games should stop. Instead, I sat there for 3 hours and wished I went back to Jean Georges. I was even disappointed in a wine the sommelier recommended as it needed a really long airing. Too bad I finished it before the end of the 3 hours. I walked out craving a slice of pizza until I realized I had a 2 hour drive back into the City. FML. Well, at least I got some things from the gift shop- a cute tshirt and a River Cottage Meat book.
I've been here several times and each time the food and service were impeccable! Gorgeous and elegant setting. Can't wait to go back!
I was determined to come here for my bday, so I made the reservation 2 months to the date ahead of time, and gathered 7 of my friends who love food and off we went. I think what makes Blue Hill at Stone Barns so great is not just the food, but the experience. Taking the train from grand central up to Tarrytown was quick and enjoyable. We were lucky enough to catch the sunset over the Hudson which made the ride even more special. This was Sunday afternoon so I probably couldn't say the same if it was on a weekday. It was very easy to catch a cab right outside the train station. The drive through Tarrytown reminded me of where I grew up, which was refreshing since it's not very often I have a reason to leave the city. As we finally got to BHSB, we were treated to the sites of big Black Angus' grazing. When all of us finally got there, we all ordered cocktails (the apple special was best), farmer's feast, and the wine pairing. They started us with a shot glass of mushroom consomme, purple, yellow, orange cauliflower, and sesame crusted salsify. Everything was delicious and was presented in a very unique way. The rest of the meal I'm going to just list from memory. I apologize if I forget anything: Bread w/ arugula salt, carrot salt, homemade ricotta Smoked tomato soup w/ lobster Beet salad w/ pinenut butter, creme fraiche shrimp w/ curry reduction pierogies with wild mushroom kurobuta prok cheese course (addition) sour cream sorbe, pickled apples, celery 2 desserts that was a blur because I was so stuffed All of that plus 7 different wines, and with 8 of us, probably 7 bottles in total. Oh, and coffees, espressos, cappucinnos to finish. Total time: 4 and a half hours Everything was very good but here are some details of the meal that I noticed. The smoked tomato was a tad too tart but very good dipped with bread. The beets were probably one of the best beets I ever had next to the beets at Chez Panisse. They were insanely sweet. Shrimp w/ curry felt like they packed the flavor of 20 shrimip into just 2. The curry sauce was probably made with a shrimp stock that contained the goodness in the heads. At least that's what it tasted like. The pierogies were cooked well, and the mushroom that accompanied it was amazing. I could have had a whole plate of those by itself. The pork dish was beatifully cooked. Moist, pink, and served mulitple ways. I believe we got some loin, sausage, belly. Cheese course came with honey comb, which I have never seen, but it was a bit waxy. Desserts were nice and a nice end to a meal. Total cost per person: $300 Money well worth it :)
They do a really good job and the presentation is great. I did love it and had a wonderful time. The portion sizes are very small. I mean the size of 1 inch (a mini hamburger) The soup comes in a shot glass. I tought it was the dip for the miniture carrots. We got the 5 portion meal and I was hungry when I left and went home and something. I wish we would have ordered the 8 portion or the 12. What we did eat was excellent. I just wish there was more of it. Yes, I will go back and try to get the larger portion.
Oh pleeeeze! This is the most overhyped place I've ever been to in my whole entire life! So the hype is that they grow their own food on the farm....so did my Uncle and my Grandpa! .....yes, I milked the cows, gathered the eggs (real eggs that made real chickens!)  So I'm thinking....hey,   this place must have a pond where they hook their own fish and a slaughter house in the back forty. Our foodie cohort friend (whom we still love) raved about this place.  He and I share the same birthday, and since this place is roughly one hour outside of NYC,  we three couples rented a limo for the evening so we could imbibe and be overserved without the worry of any consequences driving back to the city. We acquiesced to our friend (since it was his birthday) and he decided to do the 7 course price fixed menu.......the Farmer's Feast...which was fine with us.... pretty much the chef's choice. They went around the table asking our likes and dislikes. Our friend's date was a vegetarian.....I told them that I'm a die-hard carnivore that likes shellfish, tolerates fish and if I never saw another vegetable on my plate the rest of my life I wouldn't miss it.... eggplant and beets... just go ahead and gag me. I knew I was in trouble when one of our first two  "courses" was a long wooden tray with extra-long toothpicks sticking out in the formation of an "S" with 3 lovely coordinating colors of cauliflower.... it doesn't get better..... artsy fish dishes that you could hang on your wall.... more beautifully colored vegetables designed rousingly on your plate..... and one...yes ONE.....teeny-tiny meat dish as the sixth course...maybe it was lamb.. honestly, I can't really remember what it was because by the time we reached this course, (which seemed like an eternity) I was famished, but well "overserved" on exquisite fine wine. Not one dish tantalized my tastebuds...not one. On a postive note, the 8 waiters were very well coordinated while serving all the dishes simultaneously...quite the refined presentation.
Great little place to grab a latte while touring the ground. Also grabbed lunch here.  Had a delicious potato pizza and a side salad. Everything was fresh and super tasteful.  Seemed like this place has a great turn over, so the food never sits around for too long. My latte was very strong. I loved it!  Sat at a pic nic table outside.
Blue Hill Stone Barn is epic... trust the reviews on here and then some. When you go, it's nothing but the best culinary skills being executed in the most creative manner to create a event of a meal that you will never forget. Trust them with your time, money, and belly! You will not leave disappointed!
Expensive but absolutely memorable. I wish I had a bigger stomach to enjoy all their dishes because they kept bringing out more and more, but we were done. And I mean DONE DONE DONE. Pricey but worth every penny. I figure I wouldn't go into the details because their menu is always changing. But this experience - atmosphere, decor, service, food ... couldn't be more seamless and exquisite. Blue Hill at stone barns ranks in my top 3... I'm glad I can experience a slice of this at their Manhattan location.
A delicious culinary experience. Everything from the service, food and atmosphere were over the top fantastic! Although it is definitely pricey is a an unforgettable experience worth every penny!
I took my mother for her birthday this year, and cannot wait to go back, maybe in the daytime this time to check the farm, or eventually go the the NY location. the price were quite high, but I have never been so happy with every dishes and ingredients we were presented with, It was long but not once was I bored or annoyed. everything is surprising, and even with with any diet or food allergies they will accommodate you with an alternative that will  be as delicious and entertaining. everybody should try it one day!
As they say in Portlandia, this is so over. At least as far as my latest dining experience.  Food underwhelming, service less polished, nowhere near the *special* experience that this has been in the past (or that it should be for the price).
What more can be said that hasn't already been showered on this Foodie's delight.  Definitley the spot to celebrate any big occasion.  Service is impeccable.  Decor is highlighted by simple and clean lines within a rustic farm house room.  As for the food, amazingly fresh and inventive, with robust flavors.  Combinations of sweet, savory - proteins, starches, etc. done amazingly well. The only thing you should know going in is that the menu changes almost daily and the selection is limited to the 2-3 choices they offer.  So, you need to be open-mionded and flexible, and just trust that it will be great.
Special Date @ Blue Hill was absolutely flawless...from service...to endless fresh farm grown foods to devilishly yummy desserts....whats not to love! I enjoy farmhouses in general ...and this local farm/ranch/restaurant/inn is just fab! The bartender enjoyed creating a drink just for me---we chatted about the "who" in who I am and voila a blue swirly drink that was just delish was effortlessly "created" for moi! And yes, he made my honey his own special drink---a little tartier and appearing like a caribbean sunset. The bar maintains some munchies and they have a sweet bar menu. You can't be sure that a return trip will guarantee the same menu as they serve a gret deal of seasonal specials!!! But be sure you will be in for a treat every time you go! This has been a number one establishment of choice when I know that we have some veggies in our group...everyone is please...be they carnivore or herbivore ! Why can't we have 5+ stars?
Exceptional food, presentation and service.  Our group loved everything we ordered.  However, we question the somewhat stuffy atmosphere, which seems to contradict the "farm fresh" concept.  Dress code in the country where manure is king?  Suggest Blue Hill moves on and offers an outstanding dining experience without the pretense of the "presentation" of the dishes, and the "rules" of the house.
Not sure if my review will get read over the hundreds already posted.... but here's my experience. My friends and I gathered together and booked a reservation, after 2 months of anxiously waiting we were at Stone Barn. On the drive into the restaurant, we saw cows, sheep and some plantation. Our reservation was at 8:30pm on a Sunday and we didn't finish eating until 2am!!! this was by far the longest meal of my life. Midway through our meal I got hungry. Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty good, but for $200, I was expecting bigger portions and meatier entrees.
Advice for newbies:  First, order the 8 course meal over the 5 course meal. I mean, really, you are at Blue Hill! Unlike with other multi-course tastings at other restaurants we did not get overly full. Second, ask to have a cocktail on the veranda to start. It's beautiful to watch the sun fade while looking at the grounds. They will hold your indoor table while you do so. Kicks things off in the nicest way, and their house cocktails are unbelievable. Third, prepare to spend a good four hours for the meal from cocktails to desert (and warn your babysitter). We thought we would be done in 2.5 to 3 hours but anything less than 4 was rushing. Fourth, my favorite reservation time is 6 p.m. That gets you out of there about 10 p.m.
Take five Service (9/10). Ambience (9/10). Food (10/10).
Good farm fresh food. Best for sunday lunch!
4.11.09 Ahhh-mahzing!!  I took full advantage of my parents coming up for the weekend to make a reservation here.  We made the hour drive from the city out to Pocantico Hills.. where the GPS turned into a full blown crazy lady due to lack of signal: 'Turn left, turn right!  Stall into a 360 spin out!' When we finally pulled up to the estate, my sister and I had already suffered from one battle of the front seat drivers, however, all was forgotten at the beauty of the farm.  The grass was lush and green, the cows happily grazing.. unaware of their inevitable demise to make the journey onto my plate.  We didn't have much time to walk around or even for a cocktail at the bar.  The dining room was a lot smaller than I imagined.. but serene and beautiful. As an overall experience, Blue Hill is right up my alley.  The service is impeccable.. every plate served and cover lifted in perfect sync, a modified Ballet Service I'd last experienced at The Connaught in London.  The waiters here have some purpose other than the robotic serving, bringing over binders with diagrams and photos to explain their food culture to the city folk. Whimsical, fun, thought-provoking, relaxed, fresh, simple- words I'd use to describe the food over the course of the evening.  From freshly washed, lightly salted, young Spring garden vegetables on spikes to three juicy, medium-rare, melt-in-your-mouth slices of beef, this meal was one of the best I'd had in a long time.  The meal flowed beautifully from baby river trout filets in tomato water pies to little, sweet (in all senses of the word) beet 'burgers.'  For the price, it is simply the number one value in New York, and that's a big statement to make.
I seriously do not understand how anyone could give this place a bad review.  After eating at Blue Hill in the city, my brother got engaged and it was the perfect excuse to splurge and go to the farm. The day started off the 8 of us getting a private tour of the grounds with the concierge Robert who was absolutely fantastic.  He knew everything about the history of the farm as well as lots of information and some fun facts about the actual farming operations.   We were then brought to our table in 1 of the most gorgeous dining rooms I have ever been in.  The service was amazing and I have never felt so pampered at any restaurant in my life.  Glasses were never empty for more then a minute and the food was presented in a fashion that resembled a dance. Now let's get to the good part of the evening...the food.  Every bite we had was better then the bite before it.  We went with the 8 course tasting menu and let Chef Barber do his thing,  We had 1 non-meat eater at the table and I was super impressed by how attentive he was with her meal.  The food was delicious, beautiful and creative.  Dan Barber definitely out did himself with this meal.  I am not sure how anyone could leave this place hungry because by course 6 I was getting really full...as were the guys at the table.  The 8 course tasting menu was probably more like 12 with all of the little amuse bouches that were presented before the actual meal got underway. To our surprise, at the end of dinner, we were brought into the kitchen for a kitchen where Chef Barber came and introduced himself, shook all of our hands, thanked us for coming and made sure the meal was OK.  AMAZING! I am in awe of Dan Barber as well as the meal he created. I would go back to this restaurant again and again.
Like many others have already stated in their reviews, I will have to also state that this one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I came here tonight with my boyfriend and his family for his and his twin brother's birthday. We decided to get the 5 course tasting menu. Before the actual courses came, we had numerous amuse bouches that were all delectable and they also managed to showcase the produce that was cultivated on the premises. I had an apple cocktail, which tasted just like apple juice. Before we gave our server our orders (well, decisions on getting the 5 course tastings), our server stated that all foods will revolve around each individual's taste preferences and dietary restrictions. I stated that I was a lacto-ova vegetarian, and they most certainly catered to my needs. My boyfriend's mother also stated that she wasn't super fond of offal meat, so they catered to her's as well. Some of my courses included an emu egg pasta dish and a pea and vegetable soup with a soft-boiled egg coated in panko (or so I thought. It was a lot like a Scotch egg). I believe that a true mark of an excellent restaurant comes from the willingness of the kitchen staff to cater to a diner's palate. This place definitely managed to do that while also astounding my taste bids, in a very good way. Our meal ended with a lovely dessert course, which was then followed up with a dessert amuse bouche of sorts. I truly enjoyed my entire experience here and I would love to come back here once the weather gets warmer in order to try their menus with the ingredients growing during that time.
I would consider myself as someone who is very well-versed in fine dining, as I have both worked and dined at several of America's most revered establishments...and I have no problem saying that this is hands down the best meal of my entire life.  The only downside for me is that they only have 2 seatings (5:30PM and 10PM).  As reservations fill up quickly, and my boyfriend made my birthday dinner reservation late (a month in advance), we were in the 10PM seating.  This would be okay if I weren't the type to fall asleep every night on the couch around 10:30 once whatever glass of wine I've had that night hits me.  So...I got tired toward the end when my tummy was full and the bottle of wine we had was mostly done. Anyway, as I said, this dinner was amazing.  I love tasting menus!  I don't get them that often because they are usually the most expensive option, and I feel guilty enough as it is stretching my budget wining and dining...but Blue Hill at Stone Barns left me no other option, so I had to indulge!  I usually want to try everything on a restaurant's menu, so this took the thinking out of it for me.  We got the 8-course tasting menu (with no shellfish included, as my man is allergic), and it was thoughtful and delicious the whole way through.  I knew I was in for it when the complementary tomato water shooter came out first, and it was beyond delicious.  I have never had such extraordinary dishes, and i can't wait to go back in the Fall to see what they do with the tasting menu in a different season! On another note, not only was the food amazing, but the service was also impeccable.  I am a stickler for good service, especially when there is such a high price tag, and Blue Hill did not disappoint.
Food was fresh, local (veryyyy local), and delicious.  Interesting, creative menu and presentation, nice simple decor, and a very deep wine list. (Chateau d'Yquem by the glass, for example!) I know the whole point of the place was simple, earthy, honest food, but I didn't feel entirely comfortable with the service and atmosphere.  It was like they were trying to impress and be more sophisticated.  It didn't seem as simple and unpretentious as it could have been...  That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
Wow. Amazing place.
Simply amazing. I've been to Blue Hill twice now, both times for friends' weddings, and the food was simply amazing. I find it morbidly funny that you get to see some of the animals that would later end up directly on the dinner tables, but the way that Blue Hill's food is sourced definitely makes a difference. I usually have to take notes at dinner if I wanted to review a place, because I have really crappy memory, but I didn't want to be rude since I was at a wedding. However, I do remember thinking that the service, decor, and especially the dishes themselves were all top-notch. Not to mention, this is a great restaurant for special occasions like anniversaries or Valentine's day.
Finally made it to Stone Barns. Saturday night.....car service from Manhattan....12 course Farmers Feast. (Not an easy destination if you can't drive,.....lots of wine) The place is beautiful. The dining room is stunning. The atmosphere is exciting. The food is very good. The food, while very good,  doesn't quite live up to the surroundings or the hype. the 12 course farmers feast took 5 hours. The service was a little slow (only a negative because of the number of courses). Before the meal starts you are hit with a number of canape's ...... Vegetables from the farm, Vegetable chips, Beet Burger, Parsnip w/Pancetta, Face Bacon, Bone marrow (unusual as a canape, but cool none the less). Based on the canapes, I thought the meal had incredible potential. Some courses, Fennel Soup w/ Caviar and Tomato Water foam, Wreckfish, the salad....were excellent. Most of the rest, were good (nothing bad) with few big highlights. The fresh made Ricotta served with Brioche, the celery root cooked on the grill right outside that was sealed with egg-whites and burnts coals on top was cooler than it was great....but it was certainly good. The squash course was also tasty, but not a revelation. Vegetables are key at Stone Barns given they grow everything there....but the simplicity with which they are served makes you appreciate it, more so than have a culinary moment. The main courses....Turkey w/Cranberries (light and Dark meat) was great for Turkey. BUT...it WAS TURKEY. Perhaps some leftover Birds running around the farm. Also Lamb (Breast, Belly, Heart, Chop) was cool, but taste wise, was underwhelming. I understand the products are great, but you need to do something to them to take the restaurant to another level. With this location....proximity to NY, this could be one of the great destination restaurants in the country. (its already very good). I realize, I am pickier than most, so I would still highly recommend this place. I would go with an 8 course menu (the 12 course is just too long) The food should rival other great destination restaurants, The French Laundry, Inn at Little Washington, Blackberry Farm etc.  and its not at that level.  Its more like an East Coast Chez Panisse.....which isn't a bad thing. That said, for a special occasion, this place is great.
I cant believe I came all the way for an open face limpy tuna sandwich and cold chicken wings. The dessert, however was sinfully delicious. I had the strawberry tart and it was awesome ! I really gotta make it back for the REAL FOOD at Blue Hill.. NOTE: This is definitely a fancy farm for the wealthy
Absolutely fantastic!  You have to have an open mind and be ok with having no control, menu is a bit of a secret.  Once you get past the loss of control, the food sings, the service is attentive truly a special treat.
I had heard a lot about Blue Hill, so when my parents mentioned they were going I quickly snagged a +1. The grounds at Stone Barns are gorgeous. The restaurant is located adjacent to the Center for Food and Agriculture, and you really feel like you are on a farm, or, a posh, haute cuisine establishment on a farm. The dining area is as classy they come, and not the slightest bit ostentatious, with its high-lofted ceilings, spacious, sky-lit rooms and views of the surrounding farm. The service at Blue Hill is flawless. True to form, the staff was knowledgeable about the ingredients, always present but never cloying, and saw to it that any gastronomic dislikes were omitted from the meal. We ordered the 5-course tasting menu for $105, and were served what felt closer to 8 courses. A meal at Blue Hill does not come cheaply, but it is well worth what you pay for it. We came in late September, when the theme was late summer/early fall produce. Our first course consisted of a sampler of small, fresh vegetables including radish and cherry tomato, lightly brushed with a lemon dressing of sorts, and accompanied by a shot glass containing a cold corn and lemongrass puree. The vegetables were nice - freshness is good - and the shot was interesting. These were both fine, but not impressive. The second item served was a piece of squash, wrapped in pancetta and crusted with sesame seeds. The meat added a nice touch. The third dish was a salad of late summer vegetables and fruits. Among these were tomatoes and watermelon, which were tied together by a healthy dollop of goat cheese. This was the best dish where the freshness of the produce came through. The tomatoes were absolutely fantastic: crisp, sweet and overflowing with flavor. I wish every tomato I eat would be this good. Number four - not really a course but I choose to count it as one - was rustic bread served with butter, shiitake powder and tomato powder. The farm-fresh butter was soft and delicious. The shiitake powder was good, but you needed a lot of it for the flavor to come through; the tomato powder did not exude much flavor, even after I heaped a lot of it on the bread. Fifth out of the kitchen was a piece of black grouper fillet, served over a pea reduction with vegetables such as asparagus and cauliflower. This was the best dish we had. The grouper was cooked perfectly, moist and meaty, and the reduction - it was more like a broth - was wonderful went great with the vegetables. My only criticism is that no matter how hard I tried, I could not get the two parts of the dish to mesh in my mouth. Sixth up was sweet corn ravioli with some red pepper and tomato and two different reductions - one balsamic, the other roasted pepper, I think - on the plate. This was the least impressive dish we had. The ravioli by itself did not seem to make much sense - wrapping the filling, which was not that tasty, inside pasta added nothing - and it did not match well with either reduction. On to the seventh plate, slices of grass-fed beef tenderloin served over a bed of wheat berries - or something similar - corn and tomatoes. This was only okay; although the quality of the meat was impressive, the leanness meant it had very little, if any, fat, which in turn meant that it did not taste that great. Moreover, by this point in the meal everyone at the table was experiencing fatigue from the late summer/early fall vegetables. The eighth, and final, course to grace our table was dessert, a sachertorte with blueberry gelato, chocolate mousse and some chocolate shavings. This was fine, but unremarkable. All in, I had a good meal at Blue Hill, but not a great one. Four stars seems appropriate to me; I am unsure how so many people get to five. While the restaurant is certainly a locavore's fantasy come to life, that does not necessarily mean it is the greatest game in town. Freshness is appreciated, however, it neither automatically translates into tastiness nor does it replace tastiness when evaluating food. I had many three-star and a couple four-star courses with my meal, but there was no dish that made my face light up in joy or made me close my eyes and think I were somewhere else. I did not eat anything memorable enough to carry on about to anyone else. Furthermore, although it is nice that Blue Hill employs seasonal ingredients, by the end of the meal I had grown tired of eating the same flavor combination - corn and tomato - again and again. If they choose to highlight select items, it is possible to do it in such a way that each dish stands out with its own distinct flavors. I am glad that I had the opportunity to dine at Blue Hill, but I do not have a strong desire to go back.
We celebrated our anniversary with dinner at Blue Hill at Stone Barns, which while delicious, had some of the worst service we've ever experienced from a high-tier restaurant.  Waiters are usually engaging, friendly, relatable, and ready to describe any dish/ingredient in any detail desired.  Our waiter at Blue Hill was SNOOTAY with a capital S, didn't come for drink orders until after our amuse bouches, and didn't tell us what was on any of the tasting menus when asked.  We had the 12-course menu and waited 20-30 min between courses, so the whole experience was just tiring. The food itself was delicious although somewhat repetitious.  Since the ingredients all come from the farm on premises, the repetition is somewhat understandable.  But then again, French Laundry also uses ingredients from their garden without the same type of repetition.   Everything came to a head when we got to our duck course, which was cooked rare, and for my husband, was considered undercooked.  I would say that for most of the population, it was underdone.  He ate a few of the outer pieces and then sent it back.  What came back from the kitchen were the same remaining pieces, grilled to a char.  This type of restaurant should be (1) cooking a new piece of duck of similar size to what was remaining, (2) cooking it in the same way as was originally intended, and (3) cooking it to the desired rareness.  What they did was unacceptable for this caliber of a restaurant. Dessert was lackluster.   Waiter was indignant that he didn't get a bigger tip.  Uh... do we look like chumps or something?
I came here with my friend Jack for his birthday. If you're interested in a detailed review, I suggest you read his, because I got wasted and can't remember what we had. You see, along with the rest of the table I ordered the Farmers Feast along with the Wine Pairing, but I was determined to get my money's worth so I took it all down. I can say, that I thoroughly enjoyed everything I had, and there wasn't a moment's doubt from the second we stepped onto the property to the moment we got back in a cab that this was anything short of a 5 star establishment. The entire property was beautiful; perfectly rustic and refined at the same time. The food needs no comment from me, you're in great hands at this restaurant and more experienced palates have judged it than I. I will say though the one thing that came through from the staff was a love of what they do and complete pride in their ingredients. Its not often you have servers walk around with raw produce and huge grins on their faces going table to table trying in earnest to share with you how lovely and fresh these beets are. I appreciate Blue Hill for reminding me that haute cuisine doesn't need to have a foie gras or truffle supplement to be worth your money; this place is about appreciating simple ingredients, eaten in season, prepared with skill and attention. Go to this restaurant and give yourself enough time to enjoy the grounds, I'm sure it'll be worth it.
A wonderful experience from start to finish. Have the five course tasting menu and you won't be sorry. Beautiful ambience and warm atmosphere. Inventive and creative food. Highly recommended.
Simply Absolute perfection.... A symphony of flavors perfectly executed, served and presented. Amazing, delicious, culinarily sophisticated and true. Located in the charming rolling hills of Rockefeller Preserve this is a culinary sanctuary and the wait staff are knowledgeable, sophisticated, really "into" their craft Unbelievable team that execute seamlessly and flawlessly. Like what you find in nature-it simply couldn't be more perfect I discovered this place when i was meandering through the Rockefeller trails on horse back and I am so happy to have found it.....
This Blue Hill location may be one of the most expensive restaurants I have been to anywhere in the world, but it may also be one of the best. It is well worth the money, and I truly mean that. It's nice knowing that a culinary experience like this exists outside of NYC or even Paris. Warning, you have to be a quality over quantity type person when it comes to food. Portions are enough, by the end of 8 courses you will (should) feel full, but it is about savoring smaller portions and tasting the flavors. Also, don't think that you can save money and go to the NYC Washington Square location to get the same meal for less. Blue Hill New York is a very good restaurant, but far from this one.
I find it ironic that so many New Yorkers have embraced the local fair provided by Blue Hill. Despite living in the world's most global city where foreign ingredients are generally considered superior, so many New Yorkers are currently enamored with the idea that the best food can be found within 30 miles of home. What are the odds they are right? I visited Blue Hill in April 2011 and found that while they provide a good meal with some stand-out courses, they are hard pressed to present a truly great 8 course meal with the ingredients they have available to them "locally" -- which, in truth, is across New England since Blue Hill sources most goods from farms in Western Massachusetts and Vermont. At the $500/head price of dining plus car/overnight stay, that should be of concern. While Blue Hill is an interesting cultural and intellectual experience, the ingredients just don't stand up consistently. For example: - Pasta with egg yolk and black trumpet mushrooms. Everything was perfectly cooked, but the "Hudson Valley" mushrooms just can't hold a candle to the European natives. The mushrooms were invisible on the dish they might as well could have been diced portabella mushrooms. - "Pasture-raised Vermont beef" was overly gamey with a chewy texture reminiscent of lamb. It was cooked perfectly, but the quality of the meat sourced from a non-prime location just restricts what they can do with the dish. Aside from the food, I found the presentation aspects of the restaurant to equally sacrifice function for radical naturalism. In lieu of porcelain plates, Blue Hill serves most dishes on heavy pieces of slate which produce a "nails running over chalkboard" type sound when the fork touches the plate. The final amuse was a "milk shake" which is simply made from milk and ice without cream or sauce. In other words, it's a shaken glass of milk... think about it. Ultimately your view of Blue Hill will have a lot to do with when you eat there. If you are fortunate enough to visit in the Fall, I suspect you'll find better ingredients than at the end of a long winter. But if you visit on the wrong night, you might find yourself wondering whether it would you would have been better off had the chef placed more emphasis on taste over the art and politics of cooking.
OK, so I've been here twice (totally different restaurants, but I'm going to review them as one).  We came to the main restaurant for dinner, and it was pretty amazing.  Everything fresh, etc.  The setting is beautiful, and I'd definitely (definitely definitely) show up during the daytime, even if you're not eating until later, so you can walk around the grounds, because I actually think that's the best part of being here.  We also came on a different day for lunch, which was a different experience: more of a cafeteria/picnic environment, still good very very good food.  Frankly, for the cost, I'd probably go to many other places in the city for dinner; for lunch, I'd definitely make it a several-hour afternoon trip: go and walk around, enjoy lunch (which will be fifteen bucks each or so) and make it a good fall or spring afternoon.
Hi. Can I live here forever? So, I had high expectations for Blue Hill and I was not disappointed. After some friends had dined there and talked non-stop about it, I knew I had to go. Well my first reservation was made. What happened? Hurricane Irene happened. Thanks a lot. Cancelled. Made a reservation for two months later.... and fast forward, I finally made it out there in December! (Hooray!) We had an 11am reservation, which only had the option for the 4-course Farmer's Lunch ($85). (Next time, I must return for the 12 course Farmer's Feast... except I was so full after 4 courses, I'm not sure if I could eat 12...). First - coffee - oh my god so good. I'm a big coffee/espresso snob and I was impressed with their brew. Generally drip coffee tastes the same for me and I opt for espresso, but oh man, their Irving Farm brew was perfect. Then came the dishes. First the fresh and lightly seasoned farm vegetables. Then a tiny beet burger (which was amaazing). Then of course, they satisfy my current obsession with beets with a red and golden beet salad. Their fresh bread and butter, holy crap. Thinking about it just made me salivate. We kept eating so much bread (probably why we were so full). What's next? Fresh brook trout. After that, roasted Berkshire pork. (we were dying by then, but wanted dessert). Lastly was something surprising, a butternut squash souffle with maple ice cream with pumpkin seeds. I thought it'd be weird, but no, it was AWESOME. Ok, now I'm ranting and raving, but I NEED to go back here. Time to make another reservation for 2 months from now!!! (Also, roam the grounds, it's really pretty there!)
After YEARS of hearing how amazing this place is, my wife and I tried it.  Yes, the grounds were gorgeous and yes, the interior was clean and well appointed with a wonderful view... but the food was so incredibly underwhelming, I was stunned.  I asked for a dirty martini to start off with, a standard drink at ANY bar. What they served was undrinkable - tasted like vodka mixed with cleaning solvent.  I asked and was told "we brine our own olives."  Ugh.  I should have sent it back because like everything else here, it wasn't cheap - but I didn't want to start off the meal on a bad note.   Okay, then we got several small plates - some sprouts and fresh string beans artfully arranged on little spikes, then some slivers of charcuterie, a seafood/corn chowder, some other tidbits (all with lectures about how they were made) and finally the "main course" - a slice of kind of dry organic pork, 2 pieces of sausage and a piece of pig's snout. Desert was some fresh fruit and ice cream... and then the MOTHER OF ALL BILLS.  It took over three hours to serve and I know I'm in the minority but I found it overpriced and pretentious.  I've had MUCH better, heartier meals for a fraction of the price.  I've been to high end restaurants and don't mind paying for great food and service, but this was really lacking.  Think really hard before you pony up the huge money just to say you've dined here.
Wow.   I went here for my surprise birthday meal (I figured it out when we got on the Metro-North, but I did not know until that point) with my fiancee, or so I thought, we were met by 2 of our friends up there, that was a total surprise.  It is a 40 minute train ride up there, and then a 5 minute cab ride, but it feels like you are traveling to another time altogether.  When you reach the grounds you see the pastures and bee hives, and rive past the garden until you approach the large stone structure that sits on the huge estate (80 acres I think).  Blue Hill is only one of the attractions there, there is the cafe, gift store and teaching areas (they also have private rooms for private parties) This was the first reservation we could get from the time they were made, that was in June by the way.  So we had an 11:30 lunch on a Sunday.  The dining room is not all that big, maybe 20-25 table, with one large server station in the middle, this is where they cut the fresh cooked bread throughout the meal (crusty outside chewy, soft tender inside, totally awesome).  The service was impeccable, friendly, courteous, quick, helpful, class act all around. For the food: First Course: Fresh mixed bean salad with stone ground vinegarette topped with a soft-boiled egg deep fried.  Unbelievable texture. Charcuterie  platter, liver terrine, salami tuscano, bresola, and 2 others, all great, flavorful, and excellent texture, total home run. Main Courses: Bass with fresh tomatoes, really good. Trout over a bed of corn, garlic and lobster in a mustard sauce, really, really good. Pork, like a pulled pork with crispy pork skin over it.  There were some other things put the pork was the best thing at the table IMHO Veal, sweet tender, succulent, the sauce was also great. Desert: Peach cobbler, fresh sweet, really good. Raspberry sampler, ice cream, and something else, didn't have a chance to taste it Chocolate bread pudding.  Had a molten chocolate center with a caramel type top, all topped with honey ice cream.  Extremely succulent and smooth. The entire experience was fantastic.  I highly recommend it to anyone that likes to see the progression of ingredients prior to eating.  Bring a change of clothes if you want to hike the grounds before or after your stunning meal. The restrooms were down stairs and the decor melted with that of the rest of the restaurant, excellent private room stalls within the single-sex rooms.  Clean, quiet, stocked, only added to the complete experience, 5 Flushes.
We went for my fiance's birthday.  Wow, what an amazing experience.  I won't spoil any of the surprises but this was dining like we had never experienced before.  Note that there is no real menu and the meals change by the hour.  We saw tables next to us getting different food even though they sat down only shortly after we did.  Also, please be prepared - we were dining for nearly 4 hours.  Not because the service was bad, far from it, there is an enormous amount of food, discussion of the food you are about to eat, where it came from etc.  It only started to feel like a long evening for the last 30 minutes just because we had been sitting for so long.  My only nitpick would be to perhaps reduce the amount of food to keep the dining experience a little shorter.  Note that this place isn't cheap but you get what you pay for.
Blue Hill at Stone Barns is situated on a beautiful farm surrounded by historic buildings and tales of sleepy hollow. The beauty of the surrounding farm, the expansiveness of the space the restaurant occupies could take up this entire review.  The impression it left on me was so great I have to remove one star from any other place I have previously given five stars to. This is the special place for that celebration or to share with that person. Food: Farmer's Feast Tasting menu $110: (There are several options less expensive than this. ) Based on your preferences, the chef constructs a tasting menu. Courses; Toasts with different spreads. (i.e. mushroom purree) Shrimp and mushrooms in ponzu type broth Parsnip Pureed soup Carrot with peanut butter spread with turnip Pumpkin Ravioli Hake in pistou Sweet potato with coffee ice cream Chocalate pudding Pumpkin Lollipops Profiteroles Latte Concord Grape Juice Best Waiter/Service *the food is not drowned in oils or butter but weighs heavily on the freshness and flavor of its product. People were dressed more formal than casual.
This is now my favorite restaurant in NY.  I've eaten at BHSB on many occasions and it has been consistently great, and on my last occasion, it was absolutely sublime.  I have always ordered the Farmer's Feast (tasting menu) and never been disappointed.  They are extremely proud of their ingredients, sometimes even bringing out some raw examples to show you in advance of your dish's arrival.  Kind of a neat touch, and they do it with genuine exuberance, not a forced schtick.  They try to stick to seasonal and local as much as possible, and they really let their ingredients shine by not masking them with overly heavy sauces.  Don't misunderstand though, flavor takes no back seat to healthiness here.  It just so happens that for many of these dishes, the way to make their flavors sing the best was to avoid the heavy stuff.  I normally love classic French reduction sauces and things like butter and bacon, but when I'm having something like BHSB's lightly dressed wahoo sashimi over paper thin slices of pear, I don't miss the rich stuff at all.  But where fat will improve flavor, they do the right thing and embrace it.  Two cases in point- the pimenton lardo served alongside the butter with the bread service, and the baby Berkshire pork chop which was trimmed with a thin layer of fat purposefully left on the chop.  Everything they do shows a thoughtfulness towards maximizing the flavor and the experience.  The best ingredients, creativity, flawless execution and terrific service in a comfortable, inviting dining room.  When I think about what I want in a restaurant experience I realize that Blue Hill at Stone Barns is really approaching perfection.  I hope that they can keep this up.
i think we should have different rating for the place and the food. Stone Barns has absolutely amazing view, the farms around Blue Hill makes you forget that you are in NY. When you are driving up to the restaurant, you will see the sheep, chicken and duck that you would mistake for your dinner, but my friends all agree that these are just the set-up that trick you into going. You don't actually get served with the chicken or duck, maybe three slices of very rare lamb... For $172, you get their fresh home grown tomatos and cucumber (and a bunch of other vege that I can't name)served as, from appetizer, to main courses (8 courses, by the way), to dessert....and by each course, I mean one or two bites, depending on how big your mouthful is :P It takes more than 4 hours to make it through everything. Cocktails look nice (I am advised against alcohol), about $18 for one drink. FYI, they have cucumber flavor cocktail too !! $105 per person for wine tasting. Nevertheless, it is fair to say that they serve the ordinary vege in quite a creative way. I would say it is worth of trying, especially if you are on diet and don't care much about budgeting. The services are great, they are very patient and ready for questions about their foods. Oh, they have a decent and spacious open area which is perfect for events like wedding or cocktail party or something like that. It would be a romantic to place to start a marriage. It is said that it is becoming the hottest place in NY.
By leaps and bounds, this was the best meal I've ever and probably will ever have. The menu changes not just daily based on what's freshest but also within a day, based on what the kitchen is making or feels like will best showcase their food. You do get to go in and say if you have particular allergies or aversions (vegetarianism, etc.), but otherwise you put your faith in these people, who more than know what they're doing, and end up with a great meal. I had five courses for dinner, and with the "bites" at the beginning and an extra course that they brought out, it ended up being more than enough food; I personally can't imagine what the 12 course meal would have been like. And in addition to the food being the freshest, most inventive and delicious food I've ever had, the service is spectacular. Everyone there loves what they do, and it shows. Plus, from the second you arrive (well, the second you drive up, I guess-- if I had ANY complaint, it's that the entrance to the restaurant isn't very well marked, at least in the dark) you're taken care of perfectly. This was one of the best experiences of my life, food related or not. I can't encourage anyone who has the opportunity to dine here enough to take it and enjoy.
One of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my life!!! I love how this place is situated at an actual farm and their ingredients come from this farm. Its especially beautiful at night and their after dinner teas are so yummy. I actually went here years ago and regret not being able to go again on my last trip to NY. I remembered having the 5 course tasting menu and not another restaurant has come close to it since the last 4 years I experienced this place! This is a must try New York destination!
My test of expensive restaurants is the whiskey sour; made with sour mix it's undrinkable, made with fresh squeezed citrus it becomes a phenomenal tasty treat.  Therefore, if a restaurant can make one without the use of synthetic sour mix it has the potential for 5 stars but if they can't extend the expertise and attention to detail to the bar then where else are they slacking on your $100+ meal?  That said, I had one of the best whiskey sours at Blue Hill at Stone Barns;  freshly made and delicious it was well worth the $10 price tag.  More than well worth it it was a steal and it set the tone for the rest of our meal.  I had a great salad topped with a soft/fried egg I anticipated a fried egg over easy but instead it was an egg that was soft boiled, then peeled, rolled in panko crumbs and deep fried.  Holy goodness. I also had a corn risotto of some sort that tasted like eating an ear of corn except more delicious and without getting corn in my teeth.  My main course was good just not amazing.  I had some sort of white fish wrapped in bacon and I think it was just too blah after the first two courses.  My Mom had the lamb and loved it. I was also unimpressed with the desserts but mainly because the only chocolate item was chocolate bread pudding and I am just not into bread pudding. It being September the rest of the desserts were berry centric and while tasty what I really wanted was a few pieces of fine chocolate and a glass of port to finish off the meal but alas it was not to be.  Hence the four stars  after a strong start the finish just didn't have the pizazz I was hoping for.  I blame myself and my picky taste and will definitely be back although I live 3000 miles away.
7 tastings and an 8 course farmer's feast yielded sighs of content across our table. Reservations needed to be made months in advance, and I'd probably come here with the plague if only to keep my date in fear of never being able to return within a reasonable amount of time. Directions were a tad difficult, but thankfully we had laid out an extra 20 mins of drive time in anticipation of getting lost. Valet the car, and walk through the courtyard to enter Blue Hill. You're greeted at the desk, your coats removed, and promptly led to the table where your chair is pulled out and pushed in for you. I started with an elderflower/champagne cocktail as we were brought various vegetable chips carefully placed in a jenga like holder. Beet chip. Polenta chip. Smoked kale chip. Only one of each, per person. Initially this worried me, but as the meal progressed....six additional tastings would follow preceding our farmer's feast of 8 courses. Do the math. That's 7 tastings. 6 entrees. 2 desserts. We were kindly asked whether we had any dietary restrictions or allergies, or were opposed to any particular meats/fish/dairy products. We replied no, and got the fullest extent of what Stone Barn had to offer. Veal marrow bone with caviar, miniature beet burgers, and fat back with honey to name a few of our tastings. A glass of riesling was chosen to pair with my farmer's feast which consisted of items like parsnip, squab, venison heart, and egg. What's amazing about the staff here, is how informed they are about the items they are presenting. Par example, the parsnip was shown in it's raw form to us while our server explained when it was planted and how it was to be prepared. Similar procedures accompanied items like the fat back and salamis. Empty plates were never left on the table for a significant period of time, and appropriate/fresh silverware presented during each course. This is very important during the meal, it always stays in my mind when someone hands over a tablespoon to accompany a melon ball sized portion of sorbet during dessert. Our 8 course feast also included 2 desserts. One being a celery ice cream served with peanut butter and goats milk, the other being a passion fruit meringue with coffee cardamom ice cream. After dessert, I also indulged in a pot of white peony tea, which was served up with peculiarly appetizing looking sugar cubes and honey. Tea made for a nice finish to a perfect meal, while I tried to remember everything I had just eaten and struggled to form sentences. While I can't imagine being able to afford to come here once a season, I'd love to come back and see what the summer harvest has to offer.
i'm specifically reviewing stone barn as a wedding location one of my best friends and his lovely wife got married here last weekend and it was flat. out. amazing. the combination of the elegant fine dining facilities set against the backdrop of the rustic farm and rolling hills is picturesque. we had the ceremony outside on a small side lawn that comfortably fit the 64 guest congregation, but probably wouldn't hold many more. same goes for the private dining room and hallway - plenty of room for us to get our dinner, drink, and dance on, but we were about at capacity. the food was superb. the four courses consisted of a smokey tomato soup with caviar; mixed greens with a soft boiled egg on top; lobster in some sort of ridiculously good sauce (i forget what it was, i was drunk), and then chicken. the chicken though was literally unbelievable. it was like i'd never had chicken before. seemed like the difference between it and regular chicken was that it was less cooked, but i'm not gonna say "undercooked" cuz it was perfect. probably different just because it was so fresh. then cake. obviously. it's a wedding... oh and all the appetizers during cocktail hour were really good too. again, i forget what they were. drunk. but i remember liking them a lot. exit dinner, enter dancing. perfect small reception hall that's right outside the private dining room. they run parallel to eachother separated by a glass wall with lots of glass doors so it feels connected. the ONE complaint i have is with the waitstaff. they did a lot of small stuff that was cool like whenever someone would drop their napkin on the table and get up, someone would come over and fold it, or if you asked for a slight variation on one of the dishes they'd make it happen (i hate mushrooms so i didn't want them in my salad), but they were OVERLY stuffy and formal e.g. there were a 1 year old and a 2 year old in attendance and it just seemed like the waitstaff was really annoyed. i hate poorly behaved kids, but it's a fucking SMALL close-knit family wedding and none of us cared that the kids weren't on their best behavior in our PRIVATE DINING ROOM that was REALLY expensive. FOUR different waiters saw fit to tell the mother of the 2 year old that her child was ill behaved which i think is entirely unacceptable. the groom made it clear to the maitre d' that we wouldn't be entertaining complaints about behavior that wasn't negatively impacting other guests. and there weren't more complaints after that but COME ON. all-in-all, i would highly recommend this as a wedding venue if you have a small group. all i'd do differently is have a word with the maitre d' before hand telling them to tone the formality down a notch.
Once upon a time I worked for a cruel, mean finance company.  I planned a wonderful event at Blue Hill in Manhattan.  The day before the event I lost my job so never got to attend the dinner event, which I think cost more than my salary. I was single, new to the city and wished that someday the nice, RIGHT guy will take me out to Blue Hill... Fast forward many years later and I got the surprise of my life at even a better location.. Blue Hill at Stone Barns!  At the perfect timing too...my 500th Yelp review. The ambience/experience a solid 5 stars.  It was a dining experience like I have never had before. Service was great.  Our main female server was sort of scary military like, but good. The food I would rate 4 stars.    We each chose the 5 course.  The 8 course they told us is not actually more food, but more variety. Starts out with their farm grown vegetables, a delicious carrot with mint juice and beet, faro and kale chips.  Pretty tasty, best part I would say - healthy. The pig's skin the bf had was an acquired (super fatty) taste. Then one of my favorites - albeit tiny.  The beet burger.  I swear this thing somehow had the flavor of a Big Mac! Another fave - beet sushi.  Delicous! The beet salad was very good.  Although not at all as good as the best beet salad I've ever had at ABC Kitchen, and Hearth. The bread seemed to be one of the 5 courses.  At least they continue to ask you if you want more throughout the night. Although it was potato onion bread, you could not taste the onion but in one tiny part.  The crust was much too hard/tough and parts of it were burned. The lard, fresh butter and celery salt they serve the bread with was very good, but I wished the bread was entirely different/softer.   Next came the best dish of the night... Melt-in-your-mouth lobster pieces served over a spinach sort of broth.  Absolutely delicious 5 star. Then the red potato stuffed gnocchi over butternut squash puree.  The squash was delicious, but such a tiny amount.  The gnocchi were very different from what I've had before and pretty good, and definitely the most filling dish of the night.  Would give it 4 stars. Next came the grilled chicken served over a sort of barley dish.  Let me emphasize the word 'grilled' here.  Have never had chicken with a stronger grilled taste in my life.  It was different and I would say okay - 3 stars.  I didn't care for the somewhat rubbery texture.   My bf loved his different meats, pork belly and the eggplant (tiny as it was) served with the dish was delicious. The dessert was a chocolate cake with caramel rosemary ice cream.  Sounded delicious but there were also chunks of fruit inside the cake.  The flavors just didn't blend together to my liking and it was perhaps the first dessert I've never finished! The best Riesling I've ever had (from Germany) and the part I loved- at the end they gave us small chocolate milkshake type drinks with delicious raspberry marshmallows! Although not 5 star food all the way, definitely recommended as a must for the experience alone.
This is a far overdue review as went at the end of August and I shudder to think about dining outside on the farm today when it's so chilly. I have to admit, this was one of those amazing, totally delicious, perfect dining experiences that is hard to describe later (albeit much later). We took the Metro North up to Tarrytown from Grand Central, which was such a breeze. We did, admittedly, miss the first train, leaving to some stress on our tardiness for the twice nightly seatings. The train ride was an hour, we hopped in a waiting cab and 10 minutes and one lovely country road later, there we were. Pulling up to the lovely grounds made Manhattan seem a world away. There were a few rehearsal dinners on site the night we were there so I feel like there was a bit more bustle than normal in the dining room. Since it was late summer, the ingredient list (there isn't a menu, just a course length selection and the ability to tell them you HATE beets or any other ingredient) had the most amazing late summer haul on it. For example, after choose the very biggest tasting menu we could, they brought over a series of platters between courses to show us just how stunning the homegrown produce is. They had 32 varieties of tomatoes they had picked that DAY. And let me tell you, they were amazingly delicious. We opted to have our last two courses outside, on the terrace, under the starts, and it was just the perfect evening. Every detail just seemed to be taken care of and just about every course was better than the last. We were younger than most of the patrons, but if I ever get lucky enough to go back, I surely won't worry about it then either. Definitely worth the trek, budget, and effort for a special occasion, it's just an unbelievable experience.
The service here puts all other restaurants to shame.  TO SHAME.  Not only is everybody incredibly courteous, everybody is incredibly knowledgeable about food, farming, sustainability, the works.  When each course was being described, I never once felt like someone was memorizing or reading off of a script.  It was so very clear that the people who work here happily internalized all this knowledge and were more than happy to share what they know.   So, it's no surprise that the actual food produced is incredible, because everybody here clearly loves their job.  The vegetables here are second to none.  Pretty much everything is grown right on the farm, so nothing had to go through packaging, shipping, etc.  It went straight from farm to mah belly!  And we had a goat tenderloin that WAS NOT GAMEY AT ALL!.  Unreal.  Our host said it was partially due to the fact that they rotate the animals from field to field, so that they're always munching on grass that hasn't been depleted of nutrients.  Even things as simple as the bread, butter, an salt were enough to make my head swoon.   Best meal of my life.
I went to Blue Hill Stone Barnes for our anniversary last year, (bit late on the review).  But I have been telling everyone I see that this is probably the best meal I have ever had in my life.  When I arrived there, on a terrible rainy day, I was immediately impressed by the service and ambiance.  Honestly, I had never eaten at a farm before and didn't know what the expect.  The dining hall is well designed, softly lit and tastefully decorated with seasonal flowers.  The staff is warm and friendly and immediately guided us to our table.  I have long read about this restaurant and their dedication to locally grown food.  We chose the 4 course tasting menu.  At first we were greeted with several courses of seasonal vegetables.  Given this is late fall, the choices were rather limited.  But I never knew cauliflowers could be so tasty raw!  I guess that's the difference it makes when the food is grown right there on the grounds.  This was followed by a lobster bisque, nice, light and delicious.  Next we had a fish course, capon and venison.  The food is delicious and the venison so tender it melts in the mouth.  The whole meal was accompanied by rustic country bread and local butter and spreads.  Even the butter was so tasty it beat out all the gourmet butters I have used at home.  The culinary style here is also very tasteful and understated, no strong sauces, no strong manipulation, just let the locally raised organic ingredients shine on their own.  The entire meal the servers are very attentive and knowledgeable - recommending nice wines to go along with our meal.  Desert I don't quite remember, some kind of fruit based compote.   Honestly, I thought I was going to be huddled around a rustic wood table with my fellow diners and eat food cooked by the farmers, which I would have been completely happy with, but this far exceeded my expectations.  I can't wait to go back there in the summer to see the grounds and taste seasonal summer food.
Here is the thing about eating at Blue Hill - it is far above every other dining experience I have ever had that for a month afterwards we stopped eating out.  We truly couldn't enjoy any food.  Why even try when all we could compare to was the pure dining bliss of Blue Hill.   So go ahead, rent a car and take thyself to food-heaven but don't say I didn't warn you that coming back to earth hurts.
Eh...save your money unless you like stuffy : /   I would give the food itself four stars, though I only gave the restaurant as a whole three because I wasn't feelin the vibe there.  I don't think food should be so pretentious.  Food is love, food is comfort, food is shared in friendship and good times.  The better quality the food the greater the price, we get it (I've been eating organic for almost 10 years so I understand very well and support the difference) However, the price tag should not should mean you need to be handed a stick to shove you know where upon entering.  The staff was so uptight it made me feel uncomfortable, I could not even relax there.  I secretly wanted to slip everyone in that place some Xanax, lol.  I admit I was very impressed with what the chef can do with such simple ingredients, clearly he is very talented.  The amuse bouches and appetizers were wonderful, it was like foreplay and I was so excited for the main course (and to FINALLY eat some meat since everything up until that point were pretty much vegetables with the exception of an egg).  Because if this guy can do such amazing things with vegetable I could not even dream how delicious the main course would be! Well dream on...sadly it turned out to be a bit anticlimactic.  Now up until this point I would have given the food itself five stars, I was wowed (and a little hungry) I mean it was perfection. However when my tiny tiny tiny piece of veal came...it was salty : (  UGH  OK, I got over it and was looking forward to a creative, intricate, cool looking something with different dimensions of chocolate for desert : ))) Sigh......ask me what I got, go ahead.  A STINKIN PEAR : /  I mean come on, not even a little chocolate, how are you going to leave a girl hanging like that!  Yes it was a glorified pear, poached with a side of some foam and a melon ball scooper of thyme ice-cream, but still, a pear is a pear. Though I did truly enjoy the pea sized chocolate truffle that came on a plate with my bill (well at least 1/8th of my mouth that it came in contact with throughly enjoyed it, lol)  So lets review shall we.  My husband and I paid hundreds of dollars to eat lots of really cute miniature veggies, a shaved mushroom, an egg, a piece of veal clearly rationed to feed the entire restaurant from one calf for the entire year and a pear.  Sorry, wasn't worth it.  If you care about status, then this is the place for you my friend!  But if your a true lover of food and what it is supposed to be about, then save your money and indulge in some great meals some where else for the price this one will cost you : )
A bit of a special occasion kind of place since you need to trek up from NYC to some hill somewhere up from the main street in Tarrytown.  We got there at night amid pouring rain so we really didn't get the chance to fully appreciate the scenic setting. It's a short walk from the valet to the restaurant.  Fortunately they had umbrellas for us to use. Once we got in we were immediately seated. The food was fresh (as advertised).  My favorite was the different homemade butter that they have and the venison, which literally melted in my mouth.  The rest of the courses were generally good. They have a high number of servers per table but I sort of wished there were just one dedicated waiter for the table because at times they seemed a bit confused about who, when and what had come by our table. The service could have been a bit more attentive and warm. Service is a bit of a downer but the food and the environment are great.  Wouldn't mind coming here once a year for special occasions.
Great cafe' area with outdoor seating and amazing food!  Everything is fresh, simple, organic.  They usually have beets and various salads, priced by the pound.  They also have sweets and drinks.  Service is a bit slow, but well worth the wait.  Eat, relax, and enjoy the farm view.
I usually wait until after my second visit to a place before I write a review, but I fear that I won't be able to convince someone to come back here with me at the prix fixe price tag.  However, that won't stop me from writing a stellar review for this top notch restaurant. Whether it be a special occasion or you're simply trying to impress a lady (I hope this isn't a first date, for your wallet's sake), Blue Hill at Stone Barns is probably one of the most laid back, but extremely classy establishments I've been to.  The restaurant has impeccable service and knowledge about food and despite how fancy it is, there's something about it that seems really grounded.  Maybe it's the fact that everything they are serving to you is something that they have proudly grown on their farm (which is really impressive).  They are so humble about the food that it puts you at ease. I'm not going to go into what I ate because that will change, but what I will tell you about it is that the flavors were simple, gentle and an absolute joy to eat- from the freshness of ingredients down to the beautiful style of plating.  They serve what's seasonal and I think that's the way that all restaurants should be.  The tastiness of their vegetables could turn me vegetarian in a heartbeat.  But then, they come at you with face bacon, homemade lamb salami and berkshire pork, you gladly remember how happy you are as an omnivore.  Absurdly happy.   I did the 8 course tasting and every bite was heaven.  The main courses that we had were more than enough food and I walked out of here happily plump.   The setting is open, not too modern or showy, and a very comfortable dining experience.  Make sure you mention if you have allergies because I think that they use a little bit of everything in what they make (though everything tastes surprisingly simple).   If you wanna get a little tipsy before you enter into the barrage of food, take on the Beet Me.  Just do it. I'll be back....in time...
Windy tree-lined roads, steam coming off a lake on a cold winter day, my first memories when thinking about Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  But compared to the meal itself, these were nothing.  My friends and I arrived at Stone Barns after dark but the place still showed its unbelievably beauty, almost like an English country estate (well, it is a former Rockefeller home, so it made sense).  Hard to believe we were only 40 minutes from the city as we strolled through the courtyard underneath the starry night sky in what felt like rural Europe.  Once inside, we sat down for a drink in the comfy chairs of the cozy bar/waiting area as our table was prepared.  After a few minutes we were led to our table where we went with the farmer's feast.  Everything local, sublime, paired with great wine (I didn't drive back -- thankfully someone else volunteered to be the DD), all housed in a phenomenal high ceilinged yet cozy, well, barn.  MILES away from the city even if only a short drive.  For the food, the ambience, the feeling of being transported -- Blue Hill at Stone Barns is an absolute favorite.
Loved it! Dropped a pretty penny but when having an exquisitely prepared 8 course meal with wine pairings, it's to be expected.
The food, service and dining experiences were impeccable but this place is way overpriced. We had the 8-course menu and all but two plates (as opposed to courses - each course contained several plates) were root vegetables.  We eat out quite a bit and don't mind paying or fair share but the prices here were astronomical and a bit unreasonable.
Their website says Pocantico Hills, which sounds ever so chic, but it's actually in Tarrytown. Since Blue Hill at Stone Barns (sister of the popular Blue Hill in Manhattan) is way expensive for my budget and almost impossible to get a reservation at, I was excited to read a rave review of Blue Hill Cafe's lunch in the Times recently as an alternative to breaking the bank with the real thing. On the Rockefeller Preserve, Blue Hill sits among rolling pastures and sloping hiking trails.  The cafe is tiny and basically serve-yourself with the exception of their made to order pressed paninis.  Their beautiful baked goods (croissants, scones, cookies, impossibly shiny chocolate tart, bread pudding) sit on tables, uncovered (a little off-putting for this germaphobe), for you to pluck on your way up to the counter. The food is, not surprisingly, excellent (if pricey).  The egg salad and chicken salad sandwiches are on crusty, homemade plain and multigrain ciabatta-type bread, seasoned with fresh herbs.  The shredded pork panini, topped with sweet yellow raisins, was extremely flavorful and oinking fresh (a little unnerving to think about when you see the little piggies).  The chocolate tart was rich and sat atop a crumbly chocolatey cookie crust.  Our friend enjoyed the open face goat cheese tart with beets and greens.  They have limited outdoor and indoor seating. I gave Blue Hill Cafe 4 stars because of the food, but I am not too excited about the whole pretentious feeling of the place.  They really seem to be trying hard for an odd shabby farmhouse chic feeling, which does not do the food justice.  It definitely does not enthuse me to try BHSB.  This area is beautiful though so if you are in neighborhood it's worth a try.  Take a picnic basket and eat somewhere in the preserve, away from the mommy and toddler set.
come on!!! really!!  this is one big scam, the rich are so dumb.  seriously, little itty bitty food with foam and whatever fancy french manhattan bs plating and bs gimmicks, oh its at a farm, who cares, it's stupid mediocre food that's about $30 a bite.  rediculous, where trying to be europeans and we're not, we are americans, we want generous portions of quality unpretentious home cooked food.
This was my 3rd time eating at Blue Hill.  My prior times dining here you could order off the larger menu to create three courses or just have a farmers feast.  Now, you have little choice in what you eat, other than to tell the server of any dislikes or food allergies you may have.  While my food was still incredible and delicious, by the end of the evening I realized I was SO turned off by the fact that I hadn't chosen what I was going to eat.  This may be totally my problem and something of little interest to the chef/restaurant/other diners, but I thought it would be helpful to mention it.   I will also note that there was also an a la carte option, but it was tiny.  I guess I much preferred the way it was in the past to how it is now.
Cafe - mehhhhh.  My wife and I took the trip up to Blue Hill yesterday looking forward to a nice bike ride and an even better lunch at the cafe.  While the ride was beautiful, the food at the cafe did not live up to our expectations.  It was frankly just ok.  The tuna salad sandwich was a normal sandwich, the salad bar had nothing exciting, and the pastries were alright.  The upside is that it's not expensive, but again it was all just normal.  Based on how great the restaurant is, I expected something more.  The cafe is basically just a couple of guys preparing cold sandwiches.  Plenty of small cafes in Brooklyn do much more with simple, local food.
Just a wonderful experience. I will start by saying the night started off in disappointment for me. My favorite bourbon is basil hayden, and though it was on their menu, they were out. They still had a really good selection so I wasn't upset. My girlfriend and I were staying a good ways north so it was a drive for us to visit this place. Driving through long winding roads in the dark for a reservation we'd made months ago, I didn't think this place could hope to live up to the expectations I had. The place is very elegant while remaining very comfortably and homely. The wait staff was an amazing help with everything. The beginning was a bit confusing as to what was in included in the tasting menu, but once everything gets going you become very excited as all of these fresh ingredients are brought before you prepared in ways that made you wish you just lived on a farm and experimented all day long. By the end of the night I felt this strange mixture of being exhausted and full but still hungry and on the edge of my seat. We remembered all the dishes they brought us but most of all I just wanted to experience the changing menu every day. This place is great for dates, very intimate and the food is so rich. You also can opt for the wine pairing if you think that will get your date in a great mood. It's a bit of a trek for us, but we'll have to make it again because this place was an overall great experience.
Let me start by saying Ive been walking these grounds for years and when stone barns came in and cut down all the old growth trees I mean gorgeous trees - brought in diesel trucks and tons of electric fence I was bummed out. My beautiful walks changed forever. BUT I am a huge supporter of organic farming so we went for my birthday - this was the worst food I have ever tasted - salmon fried in duck fat?! Avocado soup with yogurt?! Yuk! We hated the food but kept ordering thinking something must be good - well it wasnt and we spent almost 1,500.00 HA! Now I feel sorry for the animals outside that they are at the mercy of an awful chef. Dont believe the hype!!!
The place is beautiful and the service was very solid- I understand why there is so much consensus that the experience is great.  But the food- good but not great. I have two complaints- First, How can you charge me for a $165 for a tasting menu and then serve me a fork full of pasta in tomato sauce, a fried egg, a green salad, a piece of an italian gourd?  Where is the foie gras, the caviar, the truffles or any protein for that matter.  I don't think that they can justify charging that sort of money if you don't bring it with the ingredients.   Without them, the meal felt unsatisfying. Second, the flavors fell flat.  Everything was cooked to perfection and presented beautifully- but nothing was memorable.  I think that the chef is trying to let the ingredients stand on their own- and they did b/c everything tasted fresh but nothing was outstanding, just adequate.  The desert with the corn ice cream was the only thing that I tasted that was unusual or inventive.  Yes the bread was great and the butter was rich- I can got to Baltzar for that. We dined with an experienced chef who has kitchen experience with Daniel Boulud and Jean Georges.  He put it best- this would be a mind blowing meal and the best in town if you were in Omaha, NE.  In New York, it's a pretty place that misses the mark.
Oh guys, I don't know what to tell you besides I'm pretty sure this is the most lavish thing I've ever done.  You pay for the experience, but hot damn.  I think the lamb brains were the best thing...ever?  The face bacon was pretty great, as was the pig liver.  The ramp martini is no joke.  I want to wax on & on poetically about this place.  They had to invent a special plate to hold the veal bone-- sawn in half so we could get to the marrow with the special utensil designed to get it out & scoop off the sturgeon caviar, to boot.  Raw honey comb!  Basil creme fraiche!  You can't imagine what is going to happen to you here; they'll just go wild on you.  This is how Roman emperors ate.  This is the stuff that got the French Revolution started.  This is decadent as hell...or is it?  Local, organic, sustainable, seasonal food?  So you can't even be guilty about eating a baby lamb's organs?  I'm still a little crazy over it.
OMG.  My boyfriend brought me here as a birthday present.  I would like to sum up my experience like this: When I die, I would like my headstone to read "Here lies Jen, who had a wonderful, fulfilling life, as evidenced by the fact that her boyfriend loved her enough to take her to Blue Hill Stone Barns and encouraged her to order whatever she wanted and ask as many questions as she wanted, and by the fact that God would create such a place for the couple to visit."
I had the privilege of being invited to a friend's wedding at Blue Hill. It was a beautiful location and the most amazing food I've ever had at a wedding. The setting was perfect for an intimate wedding of about 80 people. The cocktail hour seemed endless and I did not hold myself back from having 2nd's and 3rd of the passed hors'oeuvors.  From the presentation, innovation, quality to the service, this place is top-notch.I can't remember everything I ate but the fresh vegetables are simply amazing. Some other things I recall were these tiny little tomatoes that were so amazingly sweet it was almost like eating candy. Mini burgers made with tomatoes, roasted chicken medallions, duck with polenta cakes, crab cakes, there wasn't anything short of exceptional. The dinner course included a fresh herb salad with tarragon dressing served with soft poached egg that was fried on the outside, so good words can't adequately describe the taste.
This is The EXPERIENCE...this three-and-a-half hour, five-course dinner was exactly that. The restaurant is located on a farm where they use greenhouses and pastures to grow herbs, vegetables and fruits and also raise cows. There are no menus! Chef Dan Barber customizes your table's dishes with ingredients grown that day for an exciting farm-to-table meal. During the first hour, your five or so servers (you start to lose count), present you with creative "veggie nibbles" explaining what each "master piece" is. The presentation is so outstanding and unique that you'll need and thank them for explaining each dish. THEN your choice of a five, eight or twelve-course feast begins. You'll find yourself laughing (and a bit delirious) once you've tasted the juicy tomatoes and fruits causing your taste buds to wonder, "where has this been all my life?" Dining at Blue Hill is impressive, memorable and once-in-a-lifetime. Don't think twice about it...SPLURGE! The only problem we had is that we told them we do not eat pork and they brought us pork TWICE! I was really surprised that a restaurant this nice would make a big mistake like that. We ate the following: (see my blog listed on my profile for pics) Veggie Nibbles aka "appetizers": Mini Tomato Burger, Squash on a Stick, Bone Marrow, Potato Leek Soup Bite Tomato Salad: Heirloom. Cherry. Yellow Tomatoes. Melon. Burrata Cheese. Homemade potato and onion bread Maine Halibut: Corn Chowder made of Lobster, Shrimp, Mussels. Berry Compote: Apricots. Blackberries. Almond Ice Cream. ***Tips: Make a reservation TWO months in advance for the dining room, and for a more casual experience, try lunch in the Cafe. Farm tours are available daily, and you can explore the grounds/greenhouses on your own if you make it before sunset.
So this is a tough review because the restaurant was obviously wonderful but just not as wonderful as we expected. We've also eaten at Blue Hill in Manhattan and loved it, so we have been looking forward to this meal for a long time. And while the presentation was creative, the ambience sophisticated yet charming, I am not sure I needed to spend $500 for two people to eat mostly vegetables even if they were grown on the property. The menu is seriously lacking proteins. The only meat/fish items we had was part of a lobster claw in one dish and three interpretations of pork on a plate, which were delicious. But in a meal with between 8 and 12 courses, I was hoping for more than a veggie option. Personally, I think the better bet is probably eating at the bar, where they had a three-course menu for $58 that looked quite tasty and balanced. Go an hour early and walk around the grounds to see where your food is coming from. The cooperative, on a Rockefeller property, is quite beautiful.
Is there an 11 star option?!? I thought I'd had it all ... until I experienced Blue Hill at Stone Barns last weekend. If you're looking for the best (and perhaps longest and most expensive) lunchtime dining experience of your life, look no further than Blue Hill at Stone Barns. The festivities kicked off with the delivery of a fence of greens and pea shoots - picked that morning on the farm and complete with shears! - and only got better from there. Five hours later, we finally parted with an assortment of desserts and teas ... and very full bellies. Throughout our lunch, we sampled little mini bites of everything from fresh veggies to seared tuna to nut butter and jelly on a bed of lettuce - totaling approximately 20 courses when all was said and done. The cocktails we tried were fresh and delicious and the sommelier's wine suggestions hit each of our moods to a tee. Equally impressive? Everyone from the kitchen staff to the 12 or so servers / busboys / water attendants who served us all knew that I couldn't eat gluten and that my boyfriend couldn't eat dairy, and other accommodations and alternatives were made seamlessly. While the meal certainly took some time, never once did we feel that it stalled or that the servers weren't attentive. As if the meal wasn't amazing enough, the setting was incredibly romantic and certainly something out of the ordinary. If it's a nice day, make sure to budget time to walk around Stone Barns to get the most out of the experience - you can see the animals and gardens and enjoy the property. As they no longer have a set course option (I read other reviews about the 8 course option), we went all out and chose the "Grazing, Pecking, Rooting" option ($210/pp before tip / drinks) over the "Farmer's Feast" option and really feel that it gave us an amazing taste (no pun intended) of Blue Hill's talents.
AMAZING. Have had dinner here several times and brunch twice.  The food is magical and for some reason tastes so much better here than at the west village location. Having a designated driver or staying at a local hotel is advised. Cocktail delicious and wine pairing advised.
Blue Hill Cafe at Stone Barns is the perfect place to eat a quick casual lunch if visiting Stone Barns or the surrounding Tarrytown / Sleepy Hollow area. Choices on the day we visited include open-faced focaccia sandwiches, sweet-potato quiche, goat cheese and leek frittata, and heirloom tomato soup. Everything tasted fresh and delicious, my only qualm was that besides the soup, nothing was warm, and it was cold out. There were also a variety of delicious cookies, muffins, and other yummy pastries. There is only outdoor seating, but you can bring the food on a walk around the farm with you as well if you fancy that. The farm itself is adorable. There were sheep and cows and ducks, all splattered across a beautiful green backdrop. Definitely visit Stone Barns if you're looking for a day away from New York City, and some delicious locally grown food while you're at it.
I love this place.  It's pretty much just a small bakery with high-end products.  A great place for a cup of coffee and a light breakfast.  The grounds are amazing and make for the perfect backdrop.
While this wasn't the place where I ate the best single meal I've ever had, this is, far and away, my favorite restaurant. I've been here with my wife several times and there's something wonderful about leaving yourself in Dan Barber's more than capable hands for a superb top-to-bottom dining experience. The mission of Blue Hill @ Stone Barns and their goal of bringing kitchen-to-table dining into the culinary forefront is almost worth five stars alone. While I could go through each dish we've had during our journeys through the Farmer's Feast, chances are that there's little to no shot that you would wind up having the same dishes. Thanks to Chef Barber's constant desire to explore and innovate, each trip to Blue Hill winds up unveiling new layers and combinations of flavors and textures. Not every dish works (and there have been several times when I haven't loved what we've been served) but I have always appreciated the thought and care that goes into each dish and I always look forward to coming back for more. One tip: Definitely check the site before you go to see what seasonal ingredients are being highlighted in the cuisine. We went last June and the theme was peas (you name the type and they were on there. I didn't even realize that many variations of peas existed). If you dislike peas, that Farmer's Feast would have been a miserable experience despite the high quality of the food. One bit of TMI: I think my daughter was conceived after a meal here. Ummm, did I actually just write that?
Came back here again for a birthday celebration. We had the "grazing, pecking, rooting" feast... which is an eating tour of the whole farm. There were so many courses, but all were very delicious. I especially loved the "tomato water", crazy how white it looks, must be a pickling juice. This dinner was a long ordeal... Started at 8, ended just around midnight. That's one thing I do have to say... I was getting way too sleepy halfway through also because the setting is very warm-ish. But again, the service was impeccable and spot on. However, I was a bit curious why the waiters were showing certain tables a huge plate of mushrooms (I can't recall what it was.. I want to say it was hen of the woods???) Anyway, never got the chance to ask the waiter if WE could see it... We had a few things we had the last time we went and there wasn't anything we didn't like. So many interesting combination of flavors and some were just so simple. It definitely is a place to go but should definitely go on the earlier side since it takes a long time.
My group came to Blue Hill recently for a lunch and I was really unimpressed with the food. My gf and others had really hyped up the 5 course they offered, with all vegetables, ingredients, meats and fish coming either from the nearby farm or local suppliers. Before I get to the food, I must say the grounds and actual restaurant are beautiful and the ambiance cannot be beat. The afternoon we were there had a slight air of stuffiness (crowd was mostly old white people) but our group had a good time. Our booth was really comfortable. One funny thing to note was the servers. I have never in my 27 years seen synchronized serving at a restaurant! Servers circle your table or booth and either pickup or set down plates at the exact same time! Very professional and someone in our group mentioned they actually practice it, but I got a laugh or two out of it haha. On to the food. I was expecting the food to knock my socks off, but Blue Hill definitely missed the mark in my book. 70% of our meal consisted of root vegetables and salads, which I assume came from the nearby farm. The veggies and salads were all delicious. Our venison was salty but our trout was outstanding. But for the prices we had to pay I was expecting more than just root vegetables and a few small pieces of venison and trout. Someone in our party mentioned that menus vary depending on the season and perhaps we came at the wrong time of the year. If you ask me though, there should be no "wrong time of the year"...Don't think I'd ever want to come back, unless I had a better idea of what was on the menu.
After hearing so much about Blue Hill at Stone Barn and being a foodie who lives in Westchester, I decided to take my fiancee for his birthday. Getting a reservation was frustrating with the limit and it was impossible to get a 7 pm reservation, so I took 5 pm, which is actually great because our meal took 3 1/2 hours. The restaurant itself is beautiful, very open and rustic but elegant, surrounded by the lushness of the farm. We were seated at the table closest to the kitchen, on a very comfortable couch type of seat, which is wise considering you want to be comfortable for the span of the meal. At first the noise from the kitchen was distracting from our conversation, but once the room filled up more, we couldn't hear the kitchen noise any more. The wait staff was very attentive, and our drinks were kept full and the tablecloth was cleaned after each course, and empty plates cleared promptly. The meal itself was fantastic as a whole. We decided on the 8 course menu, and it was PLENTY of food! We were both stuffed by the end of the meal. They started us off with a series of "small bites""-a shooter of tomato water gazpacho, fresh field vegetables playfully arranged on top of nails set on a block of wood, tempura green beans, mini smoked tomato burgers, a spear of squash wrapped in prosciutto studded with sesame seeds, and a very whimsical metal tree holding a purple potato chip, a piece of cured meat, tempura bean, and a kale chip (they tell you the components of each dish), and a charcuterie of local meat. I may be forgetting some things too, but they kept the "plates" coming. First course was a beet salad with arugula and strawberries. The sweet and bitter elements of the dish went well together and balanced each other out. After that, they served a whole grain brioche with the MOST AMAZING fresh, warm ricotta made with milk from their cows. I didn't think I could ever be so impressed by ricotta, but this was fantastic-it was warm, creamy, salty, and had what I was told was a "grassy" taste due to what the cows had been eating. I pretty much talked about the ricotta for the next 15 minutes so my fiancee asked where it was from, but sadly, since they make it fresh daily, it's not like I could buy a container to take home. Other courses were a beautifully cooked piece of fish (I want to say sea bass) over a roasted corn salad. I'm not a fan of white fish at all, but this was beautifully seared and flavorful with the fish flaky and slightly translucent in the center; there was a steaming hot potato-onion bread served with the most amazing, thick, soft butter and seasoned salts; a roasted onion served with 4 dipping sauces, one of which was a delightfully minerally-tasting chicken liver spread, which paired very well with sweetness of the onion; a poached egg with lettuce (I was not a fan of this-something about hot lettuce turns me off, along with the jiggly/goo of the egg white); a piece of rabbit which was quite tender and not gamey at all (I would have mistaken it for a very tender pork loin if I didn't know otherwise); and small rounds of local/very tender grass fed beef. The waiter offered a cheese course before dessert, which we didn't need but got anyway, and I'd skip next time. Dessert was mixed-first course for dessert was a roasted corn ice cream with blueberries. I'm not a fan at all of a savory item as a dessert, so I didn't eat this. When the waiter cleared the plate, he did ask if there was anything wrong with it, so I told him it wasn't bad, just didn't suit my taste. Next came a plate of red and yellow raspberries and cherries with a very sweet sauce and mint, which I enjoyed. The waiter said we had one more dessert coming (yikes, as we were so full at this point) and brought us more fruit, this time a mini cast iron skillet with apricots and blackberries with a delightful scoop of toasted almond ice cream, all in parchment. Then they brought the check with more berries and some mini chocolate cookies. The only misses for me were the poached egg with lettuce and the roasted corn/blueberry dessert. I would gladly have traded the first and 3rd desserts for a pastry or cake or tart of some sort, but so be it. It's a local restaurant focusing on farm ingredients, so I could appreciate that. The quality of the fresh ingredients was fantastic. I don't think I've ever tasted vegetables that were so fresh and flavorful before. The service was excellent, and they let the valet know when you're leaving so your car is ready (which is fantastic in 90 degree heat after you've managed to waddle from the restaurant to the valet). All in all, 8 courses for 2 people, plus 3 beers, one cocktail, sparkling water, and a cheese course for 2 will cost you around $415, $500 with 20% gratuity. So, a costly meal, but definitely fantastic and a great experience as well. The attention to detail in both the food and service deserves 5 stars, and I'll return again.
This was my very first experience at a tasting menu Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  When I first heard about Blue Hill I never expected to find a 5 star restaurant and not knowing what to expect, we arrived at our 9PM reservation at close to 9:45. The navigation that we had took us on a wild goose chase since once you turn into the property its a trek to the main entrance. We ordered the smaller of the 2 choices, the 5 course meal which came out to be over 10 different dishes.  We tried several different appetizers of various farm raised cured pork products. The different variations of mushrooms amazed me especially the Chicken Mushroom. It really looks nothing like a mushroom but it sure does have the same texture and taste as chicken. Everything on the menu was either grown at the farm or brought in from near by lakes or farms which made the experience great. I give Blue Hill 4 instead of a 5 just because since we were late our options were very limited and they also served us the same dish twice while other tables that had the same meal that we ordered had other variations that we never received. Instead of giving us different desserts they brought out the same one twice. It seemed like we were left with what ever was left over at the end of the night.
Good food made with excellent ingredients.  The fare is simple, but it works.
I could never do justice to the two meals I have had at Blue Hill in the last 6 months.  They were fabulous.  Well presented, well thought out and completely different in summer and winter.   It probably doesn't make sense to write a full review, but more a users guide to the Blue Hill experience. The menu consists of three options (prices on most recent visit): 5 Course tasting ($105) 8 Course tasting ($135) Cheese course ($14 additional) Everyone in your party must have the same number of courses There is a list of all ingredients being used at that time on the other side of the menu.  The waiter will ask your prefernces....Do you like Offal?  Is there anything you would like or dislike specifically? The sommelier was the same guy on both visits and he was great.  i am sorry not to have his name, but to see him you would think he was about to tune up his guitar and go sit in with Weezer after work.  He picked reasonably priced deliscious bottles of wine for us on both visits.  A chewy Marsannay (I had never even heard of a Marsannay before) and a beautiful Cote du Rhone on the most recent visit. First you will receive a series of amuse bouche.  Local vegetables lightly dressed and then a variety of little treats.  A pea burger in summer and a beet burger in winter.  Everything is surprising and simple all at once. Then come the courses.  (Have had 5 courses both times- it takes between 2 1/2 and 3 1/2 hrs in my experience) Usually an egg course from their chickens on the property, Fish, pasta sometimes and Meat.  The desert course is followed by there version of an after dinner chocolate...usually a unique truffle and a home-made surprising marshmallow (all spice and yogurt this time and green peppercorn the last time) Dan Barber doesn't need me singing his praises...but this is a special place for a special occasion.  Make the trip.  It is worth it!
We flew up from Florida to attend a wedding here, and were blown away. Great location, great service, and top notch food. Everything is fresh, and the majority of it is grown on site. The lamb was really spectacular! It was nice to get out of the city, and it really is a very pretty location. Its just a short trip out of Manhattan.
I realize writing a review for Blue Hill at Stone Barns isn't really necessary since they already hold a six star reputation. However I feel the need to write about my experience there anyway. My friend and I took the chance and showed up on a Sunday evening without a reservation. We waited for about forty minutes until a seat at the bar opened. While we waited we tried a couple of their creatively mixed cocktails along with a few well presented snacks. Their so called three course bar menu seemed like it was six or seven. Each small appetizer was so beautifully thought out and creatively presented. It's great dining somewhere where they are attentive to those with food allergies. I can't even describe how excited I was when a basket of freshly made, gluten-free, warm pumpkin seed bread arrived at the same time as the other basket of bread. Usually I have to watch everyone else eat their bread. It was nice to partake rather than feeling like a social outcast. Next came the kale chips placed upright on a wooden block held by metal looking pins along with dehydrated vegetable puree pieces hung on a string by two wooden clips resembling fall leaves. After our dinner the lovely host gave us a tour of the kitchen which was a great way to end the night. Being a creative type and food connoisseur I fell in love. Everything is organically grown and comes from their farm. By far one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. If you're in NYC I also recommend trying the Blue Hill restaurant. If you're lucky they might be serving peanut butter sorbet.
Food: This was definitely a memorable food experience. Some things that help make it unique are the tasting menus (you don't choose your own dishes), use of the finest local ingredients, and the creativity expressed in nearly every course. I remember lots of wonderful new (to me) flavors and combinations such as smoked tomato soup, cured goose ham, and paw-paw sorbet. My entree (lamb) was a bit bland but every other course and amuse-bouche was at least an experience, sometimes a revelation. Go for the eight courses, it's not too much food and you'll have so much fun. Especially recommended for vegetarians -- comparable to Green Zebra in Chicago for the attention to non-meat dishes. Service: I have very mixed feelings about the service and atmosphere. Certainly it's nice to go to a place with a more formal atmosphere and plenty of staff. But for me personally the service detracted from the food experience. I found it distracting to have so many servers in the room (at times it seemed like more servers than guests, and they're stationed around a table in the middle of the room so they're always in view); to have each course brought by a different server (felt that way anyway); the way the servers would "sneak up" behind us with each course; and the two staff who were chit-chatting behind us for part of the meal (we were seated next to the register station). With one exception, I didn't feel a friendly vibe from the staff; they felt either slightly condescending or stressed out. Maybe I just don't have enough experience with high end restaurants, but the service here put me on edge, sorry. Five stars for food, three stars for service, four stars total.
This was one of the most memorable dining experiences I've ever had.  I had a 5pm reservation on Halloween night 2009 and wanted to make the most of the holiday.  I debated whether to take a Zipcar up and stay overnight in Tarrytown but decided it was not worth it.  From Manhattan it's only 1 hour door to door to the barn.  Plus, the Metro North train that takes you to Tarrytown goes along the Hudson River, so it's a scenic, relaxing trip all the way there. We took the two pm train and got there at three.  We had a couple of hours to look around before the reservation, so we found a map by the gift shop and made our way around the barn.  What's nice about this is that there is virtually no restriction on where you can go.  You can wander around the gardens, greenhouse, and see the farm animals on your own without having to take a guided tour.  I'm so glad I brought my camera because it allowed me to take some beautiful photos with the fall foliage.   Okay, on to the restaurant/food.  The decor of the restaurant is upscale without being too pretentious.  They prefer you to be "elegant"  whatever that means and most men at the restaurants were wearing a jacket but not many wore ties.  My friend and I ordered the 8 course farmers feast, which came with 7 amuses before the first course even started.  While most items on the menu probably change, I think they are known for their vegetables as 4 out of the 6 non-dessert entrees features vegetables.  To me that's great because a lot of the restaurants treat vegetables as an afterthought and it's nice to see it prominently featured.  I'm not so sure if I would go back here since it's still pretty far away, but I'd definitely go to Blue Hill in Manhattan to get the taste of "farm fresh" ingredients again.
One of the best dinining experiences I've ever had.  This restaurant is out of the way but worth the trek.
I cannot say enough good things about Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  The setting is spectacular, the food is stellar and the staff is beyond amazing.   It is priced for special occassions but worth it.  After a three hour brunch which included 5-6 courses including one where the woman came over and talked about the chickens that laid this mornings eggs, the color, the texture, etc., you understand the pricing.  This is THE place for foodies - the majority of which is grown on premises, cattle, turkey, honey, produce - it stays on the gorgeous property (there are walking trails all around also) and is raised by a passionate staff. If you don't want to spend the money, or just have a picnic, there is a casual but still related cafe outside the restaurant that offers sandwiches, salads and pastries all of which are made on site every day.
I went to Blue Hill last night, they just changed the concept of their menu. Now on the left side of the menu you are not given a list of ingredients (it's just a picture of a root vegetable being pulled out of the ground) where you can specifiy if you like certain ingredients more than others or if they're items you don't like. Now it's pretty much if you have any restrictions or food allergies and you are at the chef's hands. They still have a choice of 8 courses to 5 courses but like before the 5 course has the same amount of food. As my visit before service was wonderful, here's what I had. Amuse bouches: Crudites: corn, carrot, cauliflower, broccoli with a shot fennel soup. Everything was good especially the fennel soup. I was dunking everything in the soup. A stick of corn with pancetta, again wonderful. A tiny beets burger (this was one of my favorite bites of the night) Fried wax beans-Tasted like the best fries ever. Cured Meats-I think they were Testa and Coppa Some sort of Red potato chip, it was the best potato chip I ever tasted Smoked kale-This reminded me of those asian packages of seaweed with a smokey bacon taste 1st Course-Beets in some of a sauce (I forgot) with premature eggs shaved on top. I thought the dish was fine, but my gf wasn't a fan (she doesn't like beets). The premature eggs reminded me of parmesian cheese. 2nd Course-A thick slice of bread. With homemade ricotta from 18 different cows and cucumber and black pepper foam on the side. The bread reminded me of corn bread with a cakeyness to it. We both liked the dish, the ricotta was delicious. They gave us a bread basket of onion\potato bread with homemade butter and mushroom and celery salt. The taste of the onion and potato is very subtle. Since they saw we liked the ricotta so much they gave us another fresh hot batch with the bread. 3rd Course-Carpfish with Corn chowder. This was my gf's favorite dish, there was alot of flavor in this dish and fish was cooked perfectly. They gave us another fresh batch of bread even though we had 2 slices left in the basket. (I believe they bake the bread on the spot just before serving) 4th Course-This morning's Farmer's egg with a variety of beans. This was essentially a poached egg on top of chili. I liked it dipping the bread a lot into it. My gf thought the egg didn't go well with the chili. I think she thought it would have been better fried instead of poached. I'm not sure I agree because I love poached eggs. Another we had another fresh batch of bread brought just before the next course 5th Course-Red Gnocci with shittake mushrooms and white truffles. This was another wonderful dish, my second favorite savory after the carp and corn chowder fish. 6th Course-Veal with Red Cabbage. The Red Cabbage was in a sometype of sweet sauce. I didn't think the cabbage tasted good by itself but together with the veal it was fine. 7th course-A shot of blueberries, granola, and yogurt (this was just ok, if a dessert is just ok that's pretty bad imo because I love everything sweet), a shot pear sorbet with something else (this was delicious!, my favorite thing today too bad it was in all in a shot class =[), a shot concord grape jelly (this was fine, I mixed it with the blueberries/yogurt cause it needed some help) 8th course-Apple tart with meringue. This was awesomee, the tart part of the dessert was like a graham cracker crust on steroids, really really addicting. At the end of the check the gave us complimentary chocolates, honeycombs (wow!), and grapes. I loved my meal there, everything was solid and some things very very good. But I am disappointed that they changed the concept. Last time I dined there in August I had 3 wow bites (tomato burger, fois gras with chocolate crackers, and cornbread with corn ice cream), this time I had none but I did have some very good bites. The last time I dined there I told them my favorite foods that were in the ingredients menu like liver, corn, chocolate, etc, I even told them I loved ice cream which wasn't on the menu and they made sure both the desserts I had last time had ice cream. I felt that really enhanced my last dining experience. I still highly recommend Blue Hill at Stone Barns, but be aware now that you are entirely at the chef's hands.
Boy surprised me with reservations here for Valentine's Day. It was a set menu with wine pairings for the special occasion and what can I say it was everything and more than I imagined it'd be. First off, the bread is AMAZING. Perfect country white bread. Warm, crunchy outside, dought soft innards - paired with the most delicious cheezy butter. If there are eggs on the menu - it's a must, DELICIOUS perfection, that was my favorite dish of the night.  I found that their proteins weren't as good as their veg dishes and some of the sauces were a bit too oversalted, but delicious none-the-less. Dessert fav: granola ice cream. It actually TASTED like raisin granola.. but in ice cream form *heaven*
Amazing Amazing Amazing place. When you drive up to Stone Barns you really feel like you are entering some place in the past. Can't talk enough about the rustic charm of this place. The atmosphere is incredible and the place is beautiful. Now lets get to the food! Our group had the 5 course Farmers Feast. All the courses were delicious and cooked perfectly! I will say I am not the biggest fan of kidney but hey that's just my own taste. The lamb was incredible, the venison salami was great. All the veggies were sooo fresh. Every bite had that freshness to it, were you could tell that it was picked. For dessert we ate outside and that was a perfect way to end the night. Excellent beer and wine menu as well. The service was great except for the guy who brought us the beer/menu. He was kind of creepy, like a familiar from a vampire movie (sorry dude but you were lol!) But besides (which really didn't matter much anyway) everything was perfect and I definitely look forward to coming back to this place.
I love this place! Great restaurant and great place for Organic fresh produce.
This is a colunary experience beyond anything else out there.
The concept behind Blue Hill is amazing. I'm not a super fan of the enormous tasting menu, but I definitely enjoyed the experience and also love the focus on season/local food. Because there is no menu, each dish is like a present you get to unwrap when it comes to the table. I know most of the other post say this, but Blue Hill is all about the experience and really gets you thinking about how far you can take ingredients. While not the best tasting meal I've ever had, it was definitely and quite easily the most interesting.  A definite must for any real food-lover.
Another fabulous dinning experience at Blue HIll at Stone Barns.  This time, our reservation was at 5pm.  It was still quite light outside.  By the time we finished our meal a little bit before 8, it was almost dark and the change of light added to the whole experience. We tried 5 course today and we really enjoyed it.  The vegetable appetizers have so many interesting tasty stuff, which were visually pleasing and nice. Veggie appetizers, Spinach salad, Giant scallop, poached eggs, venison, peanut butter and ice cream, chocolates.  Veggie appetizers had quite a few things - which we all enjoyed very much. I did not care too much for the dessert.  It was a bit too sweet for us. The wait staff were quite well-coordinated as they were last time. We had a nice round table for 4 and the distance with other table created some privacy.   The people I came with were from out of town.  They truly had a great time.
The best meal of my life? Maybe. Definitely top five. It is right up there with Chez Panisse and Burns Steak House and the old Four Seasons. A special experience in a special space with special food. The staff was wonderful, definitely laid back, friendly and easy going but super efficient and always in the background. Great bottle of old Montrachet.
When we planned a trip to NYC from our home in New Mexico, an excursion on the train from Grand Central to Tarrytown was on the itinerary. We scheduled a guided tour of the Blue Hill Farm in the afternoon-this 82 acre farm was owned and operated by John D Rockefeller, and the stone buildings that house the current offices, shops, restaurants and public areas are the original barns, silos and dairy of the Roosevelt family.  The farm is impressive, and their techniques for sustainability, organic growing and humane animal raising are a beautiful model. Besides the five acres of open vegetable gardens, there is an enormous greenhouse, a huge composting operation and serene fields of sheep, cattle, chickens, pigs, bees. The tour provided a valuable insight into the meal we were to experience later in the evening. The menu choices are 5, 8 or 12 courses, with a courteous inquiry as to any ingredients that are unwanted. We opted for 12 courses that began arriving at once. Each was small, artful, creative and delicious. Our waiter, Max and the many food runners and table bussers took care of our every wish. Max explained the origin of each dish and kindly answered our many inquiries.  He was incredibly astute and intuitive to our needs, and made some menu change suggestions that suited us to a tee. As we finished our meal he assured us a car had been called for us, then ushered us to the bar area where he had set out for us 4 more bites of perfection and finishing drinks for our wait. The maitre'd escorted us to our car as he visited charmingly with us. This was the finest meal I have ever eaten, and the best dining experience ever!
To sum it up, one of the best dining experiences in my life. We made the drive up on a Sunday evening and the valet promptly greeted us and found our reservation and checked us in. We then perused the shop and then went into the main restaurant where our coats were taken and a friendly bartender helped us find some flavorful non-alcoholic drinks by the fireplace while we waited for out table. The staff were friendly and very knowledgable. The vegetables were fresh and all the dishes were wonderfully seasoned. I could not get enough of the delicious bread and the butter, and the lard. When we paid the bill in the main dining area and got to the hostess, they had all our coats ready for us. When we walked out of the restaurant, our car was warmed up with the heat going and the windows defrosted. While the food was great, the service blew us away. Would highly recommend. I am anxious to try the location in Manhattan but it's booked pretty solid...
Wow is pretty much the whole thing. The service was the best I've ever encountered. We did the tasting and I was slightly disappointed by the no red meat or organ meat choices. But overall, the experience was top notch and well worth the wait for the reservation. It's a whole experience! The follow up with a printed take home menu and mailed calendar was pretty impressive, too.
The place is beautiful.  The whole farm/ranch/garden surrounding is a nice change of scenery for a suburbanite like myself.  The reservation was at 5:30 and I wish we had gotten there earlier to check out the whole place before the meal.   The suggested dress code is dressy/formal.  It's a bit silly when you think about it.  Wearing a tie and a jacket to go to a farm :P  Seriously though, the inside decor and ambiance definitely says dressy.  Everybody was dressed "properly" with a few exceptions but they were all so fashionably un-dressy. The service was attentive and synchronized.  By that I mean, the servers do this routine where two or more of them synchronize the removal/delilvery of plates/silverware.  I had to ask one of them whether they're trained to do that.  Her response was something like "yeah, I know it looks a little silly but general manager makes us do it."  OK, I'm glad I'm not the only one. The way they bring some harvests/ingredients to explain how they're grown and ultimately end up in your stomach was interesting but I felt it a bit gimmicky. The food... much has been already said by others but I'll reiterate what many of them say: don't waste your money here if you're a carnivore. The plating was a mix of pretty, creative and huh?!  I mean, grapes and honeycombs served on a slab of stone?  Baby veggies on bunch of metal spikes nailed to a... yet again... slab of stone?  Decadent?  Silly?  Eh, to each his own...  With mini in-between dishes like the above, you use your hands a lot to really savor the harvests so wash them before the meal. Great for groups to celebrate that special occasion or just to enjoy a great meal with that special someone.
Came here for dinner and lunch several times, and got married here a couple weeks ago.  Each time was a five-star experience - amazing food and warm, thoughtful, gracious service.  My wedding especially was utter magic.  If you are thinking of having your wedding or reception here, don't hesitate.  The team here was so on top of things that I felt completely at ease and stress free, able to just enjoy the big day.  I can think of no higher compliment for a wedding venue.  and our guests were BLOWN AWAY.
Best meal I've had. Did the 8-course Farmer's Feast, cheese course, and wine pairings for two. (Actually, we did the cheese course for one, since we were getting sooo much food, and they brought two sets of wine anyway.)  When we ordered, the server looked slightly amused and surprised and asked if I was in the food business.  I thought that was weird, since I would assume plenty of people opt for the whole shebang, but I digress. Upon ordering, my wussy boyfriend - :) - specified his preference for no organ meats, while I said I would eat anything they put in front of me.  Despite the different requests, the only course that was different for the two of us was the dessert. They brought our first wine and then a series of amuses-bouche. They were cleverly presented (including tiny turnips and cauliflower florets on metal spikes!) and delicious.  Who doesn't want to eat a piece of "face bacon."  :)  Then the courses started coming.  Everything was, as you would expect, fresh and delicious. The courses were coming a little fast, though, and, to try and stave off an incredible fullness which would cause me to eat one bite of everything, we asked them to slow things down.  They were amazingly gracious and things proceeded perfectly.   As we were finishing up with coffee, someone came over to let us know if we didn't leave soon we'd miss the train and would have to wait an hour for the next one.  Since so many people surely come on the train from surrounding areas, I'm sure they're used to this and it was fab to have them so on top of it for us. The interior of the restaurant is great.  I liked the fancy/rustic vibe (which isn't my personal aesthetic, but it works perfectly here) and the big central table which functions as the staff's ground zero.  It works really well. Everything was just perfect here.  The food was amazing, the service was impeccable (not to mention friendly and fun - maybe a byproduct of being on the younger side for their typical clientele (I'm a bit older but my fella is in his early 20s)), and, despite the $518 (before tip) bill, I'd not hesitate to return, particularly to sample another season's offerings.
Life changing, seriously.  By far the best meal I have ever eaten.  The food, service and setting combined to create a magical evening.  Perfect for special occasions or simply an indulgent evening.
By far the best restaurant I ever ate at!!  I just went last night with my boyfriend and two friends, and we decided to splurge on the seven course Framer's Feast ($110 per person).  It was extremely pricey, but extremely worth it.  I could not believe the size of the portions they gave.  Usually, the portions in a tasting are quite small, but I was quite full by course #4.  Courses 1-5 were savory dishes...they used lots of tomatoes and chicken of the woods mushrooms.  Between courses the waiter even came over with this very large mushroom and explained how it grows in nature, the size, the texture and taste.  He added that this mushroom would be in one of our future courses - I loved that!! Then we were given 2 desserts.  Absolutely delicious.  On top of all this food we were also given bread with many different spreads...made on site, along with many small appetizers.   There is a cheaper 3 course option ($65) and it comes with dessert.   Lastly, the service was perfect and each tasting was completely customized for the table.  So that all the tables in the restaurant could order the Farmer's Feast and everyone's would be different! The one down side...I made my September 19th reservation the beginning of July!!
i cant help but feel like i must be missing something. giving it three stars. i didnt love the food, and i was looking forward to coming here for awhile.  maybe i dont have a sophisticated enough palate to appreciate the avant garde tiny carrot on a spike that i was served. that prob cost 35 bucks.  i didnt tour the farm first, maybe that would have made the experience a little more special. it was very beautiful inside. the service was very good.
Considering how I'm a spoiled and jaded foodie from Manhattan, it means even more when I say this was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. To be completely objective, the atmosphere at the restaurant had a lot to do with the entire experience.  Nonetheless, the quality of the food itself was also very solid and could've garnered the 5 stars on its own. I came here for lunch on a Sunday.  Couldn't have picked a better day this late summer.  The sun was blazing, the skies were bright blue and there was no place better to go on a day like this than to this restaurant, located in a rustic house made of stones on top of a hill, nestled in a working farm in beautiful upstate NY. Everything was gorgeous inside.  Farmhouse chic.  It was decorated with plenty of flowers and little decorating touches like 4 real eggs placed on a sculpted, pod-shaped glass bowl that subtly reminded you of the restaurant's strong links to the farm it's located in.  The walls are a clean cream color, furniture was all heavy, dark, utilitarian wood but the finishings were all polished and sleek.  It was really classy but very comfortable. Service here was very knowledgeable although our waiter seemed a bit distracted at times.  I'd recommend coming here either for lunch or for an early dinner to truly appreciate the whole farm setting in some measure of daylight.  I'd also recommend sitting inside the dining room, there are some outdoor tables but they don't seem to have as good an atmosphere as inside the restaurant. The lunch menu was a set menu for 3 courses at $58 (excld tax and tips).  There were 5 choices for each course. Appetizers - my favorite was the bean salad with fried egg and the tomato salad.  The bean salad was a cold salad of string beans lightly dressed in some tarragon-flavored vinaigrette and the "fried egg" was actually a half-boiled egg where the yolk was still runny and the whole egg was crumbed and flash fried so that the outside was supremely crunchy while the inside was still soft and runny.  Amazing.  The tomato salad was a mix of tomatoes prepped 3 ways (sun-dried, raw and confit) and served with a ricotta sorbet.  It really captured the essence of tomatoes, unbelieveably delicious. Entrees - the dishes that stood out were the berkshire pork and the golden trout.  The berkshire pork was pork prepped 2-ways (braised, pulled pork reconstructed into a block that's topped with a very crispy layer of skin and a lightly roasted pork loin) and served on top of corn risotto (although I'm starting to suspect it was a faro risotto).  The braised part of the pork dish had excellent flavor, it was meaty and strong with a taste of grain mustard and the skin on top was nicely crisp (it had a bit of an asian flavor to it).  The golden trout was a boneless fillet of trout cut into 4 precise squares and served simply with a saute of corn and mushrooms.  The fish was so fresh and soft and subtle yet very very tasty. Desserts - the standout was the apple crumble with chamomile sorbet.  The sorbet flavor was outta this world and it was amazing how well it came together with something as classic as an apple crumble.  The apples used were still firm and packed with the fragrance of apples.  The crumble was crunchy and buttery.  I could've had 2 orders of this to myself in spite of being filled to the brim already with the appetizers and entrees.  It was that good. I'd highly recommend this place for special occasions but the thing I love about it is that it somehow was also casual enough for an informal meal with friends.  The drive up there from Manhattan is beautiful if you take the local road (route 9 pretty much all the way north).  There is parking at the farm.
I felt like I was in a Margaret Atwood novel. In a highly artificial and radically manicured 'natural' setting, you pay $85 or $175 for a single floret of organic Cauliflower brushed with oil impaled on a nail hammered into a block of wood set in the center of the table. Next came completely tasteless slivers of Long Island Fluke. Next: a sliver of pork belly fat set on a bed of fava beans (a la Silence of the Lambs). After that, two slivers of capon breast that had the texture of raw human flesh. In the meantime, the bus girl was plying us with basket after basket of potato bread and refilling our water glasses non-stop (hummm...). Service, which is glacially slow, is orchestrated so that the servers swoop the plates down in front of your party (in our case seven) simultaneously and in unison, obtrusively, with great effort and lack of grace. The place sells itself on localism and sustainability, yet the valet parking is choke full of luxury sports cars and SUVs, and inside the women are dripping in diamond jewelry. The room is Pottery Barn, without the accessories. Comically, laughably bad if it weren't so expensive and well-respected.
Bf and I went all out and got the 8 Course meal...and we don't regret it one bit. It's amazing that simple farm foods can taste so amazing just because the ingredients are so fresh. the ambiance was rustic, yet modern and elegant, and the service was impeccable. it is a bit difficult to get to, so i would suggest leaving early to make your reservation on time. we got really lucky in securing a reservation the week before, due to a cancellation, but call early and plan well in advance to make sure you get a reservation. Our menu consisted of (for my own records since I don't ever want to forget what i ate): Baked roots and kale Fresh veggies Smelt Beet burgers Veal marrow and bread crumbs Charcutterrie plate shoulder and loin Ricotta cheese from Hampshire cow Salad with beets Maine shellfish and potato Onion bread carrot salt Egg with chicken gizzard and mushroom Chicken with veggies Veal loin tongue Yogurt and grapefruits Kirk cheese Douglas with linden berry jam Milkshake with pistachio crunch and hazelnut chocolate amazing.
My husband and I and 2 friends had dinner this past Sunday at Blue Hill. Prior to dinner we walked the grounds which were beautiful, with pigs and lambs roaming freely in their surroundings.  We visited the gift shop which had many unique and beautiful items, including wonderful children's toys.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was absolutely beautiful and sophisticated with a majestic floral arrangement in the center of the room.  Tables were spacious and adequately separated to allow for private conversations.  The service was outstanding both in terms of the  staff's knowledge of the food and their cordiality.  We ordered the 3 course meal, each of us orderding the same first course which was the greens with the egg. The egg was delicious, soft boiled, shelled, rolled in panko and cheese and fried.  The texture and taste were unique and wonderful.  The greens, however, could have used more of a dressing.  We ordered three different 2nd courses which consisted of the berkshire pig, lamb, and gnocchi. While the presentation of the food was excellent, we all agreed that it was extremely bland and the portions were skimpy.  In addition, most of the vegetables were pureed to the consistency of baby food.  The desserts were no more than average. With great regret, we must say that we would not recommend this restaurant.
A near perfect meal. So much so that the only flaw stung so hard just because I was hoping that this would be the best meal I have thus had all year. Not quite - but damn close. Food aside, the space is an elegant splendor. The barn grounds of course, a unique experience in dining, but the dining room itself is a beautifully lit and designed room, with innovative yet classic design (the hanging plants over the center table was particularly appreciated). It was also very much appreciated how our waiter tried to incorporate any ingredients we did and did not want in the meal. The service was outstanding (as they even humored our perhaps outlandish request to visit the kitchen). I started with a trio of liquors for my cocktail - presented in three uniquely decadent and playful glasses: lemon verdana, geranium & oats and honey - the last being the most interesting and tasty. As a preamble to our 5 course meal, our small, amuse dishes came out and they were all as delicious as they were interesting: -Various small vegetables, raw, straight from the farm - fresh indeed -Sunchoke soup, to be taken as a shot - delicious -Kale, parsnip and potato chips - the potato ones had a leaf of basil sewn in with the crafty cut of a potato - delicious, and presented beautifully -Beet burgers - tiny sliders on a bed of sesame seeds with little beets inside. Quite cute and scrumptious -Pork foie gras wrapped in chocolate - I wish I could still taste this in my mouth. I'll never forget it. It worked so well. Pork foie gras? Who knew. -Beet soup with home made grape nuts - I don't even like beets but it was hard not to take every little bite. Our courses started next: -Veal marrow - though it was a little hard to get the marrow out, despite the tools given to us, every scratch was worth it. This was some sort of umami/inexplicable salty goodness that none of could pinpoint but none of us could quit. It was amazing, and I wish to only now eat veal marrow instead of cow marrow if possible! Exquisite! -Asparagus parmesan - We were then given large triangular slates with asparagus and some other veggies in the middle with two types of sauces (one that included chorizo) and the bottom of the triangle slice, much like the crust of a pizza was covered in a crumble that included parmesan. Even if the dish didn't taste good it would've won my heart in its presentation but it was of course tasty. -Bass - I've never been a bass fan til now. The fish was perfectly cooked and covered in sesame, with, I believe, a grapefruit sauce and another sauce that I don't recall. It was ever so delicious. -Egg - we then received a parmesan crusted egg that was so delicious - as we received slices of egg potato bread. Also, was their butter and lard from their pigs, as well as a carrot salt and a parsnip salt. Couldn't get enough of it all and it was great and thoughtful to have this for us to sop up the egg. -Lamb neck with pork belly lamb shoulder and lamb kidneys: Every rose has it's thorns. The dish looked spectacular. I was so excited that both lamb and pork were incorporated into our final savory course. Sadly however all of our plates were lukewarm. Naturally we sent I back but when we did, all of the meat was tough. Also the lamb kidneys had suspiciously disappeared. EVERY dish was fantastic up until this occurrence and I was so disappointed at this moment. I tasted the meat before it was reheated and it was simply delicious but it's a catch 22: cold food or overlooked? -Apple chocolate dessert - I was still so upset by the lamb that I think my PTSD made it hard to fully remember the dessert. It had apples, a gorgeous smoked apple sauce and some chocolate component. I forget! UGH! LAMB!!!!!! -Peanut butter dessert. We also got another dessert with a delicious peanut butter sauce , we paid additional for this one. Regardless of the lamb it was a fantastic meal. Do yourself a favor next time your in NY. Rent a convertible, drive it to Tarrytown while it's still light outside and enjoy an unforgettable meal.
can a meal experience get any better?  (i'll report back after hitting alinea, ha). we've been here 3x's in the last 5 months so have only had the winter-ish menu.  1st two times i thought it was quite good but this last time we were all blown away.  we actually counted this time, the number of things put on the table.  before the 8-course starts counting, we received 7 amuse bouche.  each amuse comes skewered/affixed/clamped on some sort of contraption that probably no one could figure out what its use was for so decided to slap some food on it.  flavors are light and everything is executed perfectly.  i'm tempted to get my own sous-vide machine so i can make all my meats taste so good.  something must be said also if the bread is one of the top 3 highlights of the meal.  it's potato onion bread made by balthazar but only for blue hill (can't be purchased in the city bakery). they cut it freshly baked and the steamy goodness wafts out, i feel like i want to get a bhsb potato onion bread steam facial.  the inside is soft and chewy and the crust is crispy/flaky.  they serve the bread with different things like butter, lard, cottage cheese, dehydrated carrot salt.  in season the tea cart is the actual herb plants in water vases. the server snips your poison into hot water and there's your tea. the food, i wouldn't even know where to begin. so i won't. just go and see for yourself.  this is stuff i couldn't even think of making myself (but i'm a bad cook so maybe that doesn't mean much).  overall it's just a great experience.  leaving the city, coming to an idyllic farm, having a great meal in a beautiful modern farmhouse, leaving happy.
Simply amazing. I'll put it head to head with the French Laundry in that the overall quality, pageantry, service and attention to detail should be the envy of the industry. Starting with Robert and Charles - you'll feel like an old friends and welcome anytime. Kudos to Hugo, Matt, Alex, Sarah, Jorge, Carlos, Super, Tartare and Lisa. Thanks for making a impending family of 3 feel so grateful.
Along side Alinea and Daniel, this is probably one of the best overall dining experiences I've ever had. The drive from Manhattan isn't that bad because the scenic route it takes to get there is amazing or consider it an  amuse bouche from nature for what's to come. This restaurant offers only two choices: a 5 or 8 courses tasting menu with an optional cheese plate before dessert. I highly recommend spending the extra $20 and splurge on the 8 courses. Every course offers a medley of sustainable produce and meats that's grown right on the farm and if you come early enough, you can take a tour and even purchase certain products as well. Their menus update daily (and so no need to go in details with the dishes we had because every one will have different dishes and experiences each time) and you can taste the freshness of their ingredients one course after the next and will only make you mouth watered for more. Great ambiance and the service is beyond impeccable !!! Highly highly recommended !!!
There is a reason that Blue Hill at Stone Barns in on everybody Top 20 list of Restaurants in the United States.  I've eaten at many of these restaurants and, in my estimation, this one tops of the list. Let me begin with the decor!  The restaurant is on the former Rockefeller Estate.  It is on THE MOST BEAUTIFUL grounds and the structures are gorgeous. The service is amazing.  I've never experienced better service. The food is fresh beyond belief.  Try it....you'll be a believer!
Does Blue Hill at Stone Barns actually need another rave review? No, but when a meal is this special an experience, it deserves one. Our party of four did the 8-course tasting; they accommodated for the vegetarian at the table among us without fuss or pretension. and while there is inevitably a certain amount of fuss and pretension about the whole thing (how could there not be when the amuse bouche courses include single asparagi on sticks?) who cares? I'll take pretension like this any day when the care and thoughtfulness of the food and service more than justify the individual lettuces on oversized blue slate slabs and a sommelier who speaks like a Babbelfish translation of Wine Spectator. One warning: service slowed to a bit of a crawl around course five -- we were there, literally, for hours -- but again, we genuinely didn't mind. One more surprise, and I say this with no irony: the best course was actually the bread and butter -- simply the best of both I've ever been served. I know that sounds like an underhanded critique, but it's not.
Off the charts experience. Gorgeous, original presentations of palate pleasing creations. A complete experience of the senses with each course being a delight. Chefs creations began with crisp fresh veggies served in a most imaginative way. Proteins were melt in your mouth delicious. Even when I didn't think that I had room for dessert, I could not resist the chocolate with fresh made crispy marshmallows. A must have experience. Expect to spend, but you won't be disappointed.
Just go, if you get the chance. The first time we went, about 10 years ago, I had the 8-course tasting menu and thought it was the best meal and dining experience EVER. Great ambience, attentive-without-being-overbearing staff, and that food. Wow. We waited almost three years to go back, afraid that we'd be let down, that it wouldn't live up to memory. Again, they nailed it.  And every time since. Then, two years ago, we went for New Years' Eve and I decided to go for the wine pairing as well. I'm not a wine guy, so have never really cared about that part of the meal. However, it was an 'aha' moment, as the first time I'd ever understood how the right wine with the right food can transform both into something even more amazing.  Throw in a gentle snowfall blanketing the fields while we ate, the chef staff coming out of the kitchen to parade and celebrate with us at midnight, the music from a jazz combo.  These folks stick the landing every time.
Difinitely 5 stars!! I just can't believe when the waiter told us this one is not on Michelin guide, but the city one does.. I mean Blue Hill in manhattan is good, but Blue Hill in Stone Barns is brilliant!! Prepare for surprise how simple food ingredients can become when they deliver it to your eyes~ 4 of us good friends came together on a weekend night, our reservation was 9pm, and we finished at 1am. While enjoying the 8 courses Farmers Feast, we felt very lucky that they sat us at the right end corner half-rounded seating couch, that we wouldn't feel too tired sitting up straight during the long hour dinner, and this seating area has the best view of the dining area!
Definitely the best meal of 2011 and probably the best meal I've ever had.  I went with a group of 3 others and we had the 8-course tasting menu.  What followed was nothing short of amazing. The meal started with complementary glasses of champagne followed by a series of canapés.  This portion of the meal completely blew us away, as it felt that the food would not stop coming. And the amazing thing is the main emphasis was on simple vegetables sourced from the farm - they were all just spectacularly prepared and could not have been fresher. We elected to order wine bottles rather than the individual pairings at the suggestion of the sommelier.  We started with Dr. Burklin Wolf Wachenheimer Rechbachel 1998 Riesling at his suggestion. It perfectly complemented the array of vegetables we were being brought. One of the standout of canapés of the roughly 14 we were served was the pate of pork heart and liver between two chocolate wafers.  It was one of the oddest combinations any of us had ever heard of, but was one of the most delicious things any of us at the table had ever eaten. The pate simply melted in your mouth and you were left with the crisp chocolate with a hint of spice.  We also enjoyed the whole fried anchovy with spanish pimenton as well as the smelt fish balls on faro toast with phytoplankton mayonnaise. Then, the real meal finally began. The first dish was a very simple salad of herbs grown in the garden. It was beautifully presented on a clear glass dish. I never knew a salad could taste so good without dressing! At this point the sommelier brought over our next wine, a 1998 Morey Saint Denis 1er Cru. Pinot Noir from Burgundy seemed like a perfect choice to enjoy some red wine without it overpowering the food. It was a perfect time to bring out this wine as the next dish was bold in flavor. The chorizo oil and shaved lardon was the perfect complement to the grilled flavors of the leeks and asparagus. This dish was very memorable in both presentation and flavor. What followed next was the most incredible bread I've tasted; it was almost like banana nut bread, but without any bananas or nuts. The bread was a red fife brioche made from heirloom grains and the asparagus puree and warm fresh ricotta cheese spread paired with it took it to another level. The following course we had was centered on their farm fresh eggs. This one was slow poached, then breaded and deep fried. It was served over a bed of risotto-like faro grains and a crispy sweetbread on the side. They then rolled out a cart with butter made from individual cows pasturing in a nearby farm. Each of the butters had a different color and flavor, reflecting the different breeds of cattle and their diets. To compare, they also gave us "normal" butter on a separate dish. The bread was paired with salt in the form of homemade carrot and asparagus salts to reflect the season and add some flavor. The next course was a pasta course made with fresh chicken eggs.  What blew our minds here was that they came around with salt preserved immature hen eggs to shave atop the pasta.  It was such a novel way to add saltiness to the dish while using something that's often discarded. The sommelier then challenged us by blind tasting us on a red wine. The wine was compliments of him, but before we could enjoy it, we first had to figure out what it was on taste, sight, and aroma alone. It took us two tries to figure out it was a Barolo from the Piedmont region of Italy. My friend then correctly picked out 1998 as the vintage. This was not only fun for us, but fun for them as well. We definitely appreciated the complimentary wine (which actually drank better than the Pinot Noir we were paying for!) For our main course, we enjoyed pork jowl with romaine puree, baby romaine hearts, and charred salsify. Another creative way to use a part of the animal not normally served. The jowl was incredibly tender and flavorful, coming from organically raised Berkshire pigs right at Blue Hill. We continued with a cheese course, paired with a complimentary beer--Defiant Brewing Company Tripel Belgian Ale, Pearl River, NY. The cheese was paired with fresh Honeycomb and Caramelized Onion Compote. The first dessert was centered on rhubarb, a cream sorbet, and dehydrated brown butter. To finish off our desserts, the sommelier brought us a complimentary dessert wine. It wasn't amazing, but how could we argue with a free wine that gave us our sweet fix and paired with the desserts? It went along with our last dessert of the night which was a chocolate mousse with cake and milk foam, followed by small milkshakes, and coffee and teas. The entire meal took roughly 3.5 hours, but was well worth the time and money spent.
I dined here in early fall 2009.  Without a doubt, this is a dining destination, deserving of early arrival to explore the grounds and facilities before dinner, and worth dressing up for.  We were early  and spent a bit of time enjoying excellent cocktails in their cozy bar area. The cavernous dining room somehow manages to feel warm and a touch rustic, a nice combination in this white tablecloth restaurant.  Waitstaff are knowledgeable, attentive, and ever available. There is no real menu to speak of.  The food changes seasonally and ingredients seem mostly mined from the farm on which this restaurant is located.  You simply select the number of courses and indicate any intolerances, allergies, or major dislikes on ordering. While its been long enough that I can't remember most courses, I do remember that everything we were served were quite inventive in preparation and/or presentation, with emphasis on the quality of the ingredients.  Dishes were not prepared with too many ingredients, allowing the ones used to shine.  With each course, our waitstaff usually gave some background on the ingredients, how they differ from what is widely available.  While not every dish was excellent, most were very good and the overall dinner was memorable and enjoyable.  It was certainly like no other dining experience I've ever had and I do highly recommend to those who seek interesting dining.
OK, so it was a small fortune by the time we walked out: Farmer's Feast for 2, bottle of wine, plus tax and tip set us back nearly $400. That's like a small netbook computer. BUT I have to say it was one of the most delicious meals of my life, and a perfect spot for our first anniversary. The grounds are beautiful, the service is spot on, and the interior is spacious, warm, and inviting. We were the first couple in there when they opened their doors that day, and watching the place fill up was neat. By the time we left it was a packed house and everyone was looking very content, no matter what stage of the meal they were at. Here's how it works. Instead of a menu, they will give you a list of foods being prepared that day in their kitchen. Your server asks you about all your food preferences: do you eat beef, pork, poultry, lamb, eggs, dairy, fish, are you OK with raw fish (sashimi style), and do you have any dietary restrictions (for diabetics, or people who need low-sugar, low/no carbs, wheat/yeast/gluten/soy free, or people on special medications, people with allergies etc). My husband and I are omnivores, we eat nearly everything, so we just left it in the hands of the very capable chefs and staff. Once your food choices have been narrowed down, they bring out several courses (4 savory and 1 sweet or 6 savory and 2 sweet, depending on which you choose). Each course is a little larger than the last. The savory first course is tiny, the last savory course is medium-sized. You'll be fairly full by that point, but not so stuffed you won't try their desserts. The food was very very fresh (much of it is raised on their own farm, including the eggs, many of the vegetables, and some of those sheep we passed in the pasture on the way in). Preparation was very good, everything had nice texture and done-ness, presentations were beautiful, and the flavors were all delicious. This is a great place for a very special dinner celebration. Go with a hungry belly and an open mind. Treat yourself and someone you love at least once in your life!
We made a reservation on Sunday during lunch, they were able to fit us in at 9:30pm.  Lovely grounds, the valet met us with umbrellas and we walked through the romantically lit courtyard.  I knew it was going to be an amazing evening. All tables were full when we got there, it's not one of those places where they give you a late reservation for absolutely no reason at all.  Jackets for gentlemen are a reasonable request.  Abundant of choices on the cocktail list at the bar, impressive home made gin and home grown ingredients. We had the Farmer's Feast 8 course menu and it was perfect.  BHSB exceeded all the hype and recognition it has received.  Service was exceptional, they were very knowledgeable about the ingredients and the operations of the farm and restaurant.  The food was out of this world, I enjoyed eating some of the courses with my hands and creating different combinations with the various components on my plate.  Highlights were corn dogs, wild striped bass with corn and seafood chowder, stone barn egg in the style of carbonara with bacon and summer squash and zucchini, and five or six different pork parts.  The two desserts were decadent.  With the extra courses as well as the amuse-bouche and mignardises were were very satisfied.  Dinner ended at 1am and there were other patrons still lingering and chatting away. I'm looking forward to returning again.
After a 45 min drive out of Manhattan, I was taken to Blue Hill at Stone Barns in the woods.  We came when it was pitch dark so when the navigation told us we had arrived, we didn't know where to look.  Then we found a dimly lit sign that lead us into a long driveway into the restaurant. That "maze" into the restaurant itself was exciting, because it seemed more daring and VIP status. The restaurant is located in a "barn."  it's an interesting and fun concept, because they grow most of their food on location. The interior decor was amazing and soft, perfect for a romantic day such as Valentines. I couldn't help but to look around and take pictures- it was truly beautiful.  The service was impeccable. We had the valentines tasting menu. The courses were just an interesting eat, because it was unique in both preparation and taste. But it wasn't as delectable as I had hoped, and many dishes were forgettable. I didn't care for the taste though. The overall atmosphere, theme of organic food, and its unique location outside of Manhattan did it for me.
To write another glowing review of Blue Hill at Stone Barns seems pointless.  Most people on here have already done a fine job. Service is attentive without being overbearing.  A 5pm reservation (the earliest you can get) will guarantee you get everything.  However, be prepared: the door is locked until at least 5pm. In summary: It's a special place.  An experience.  If you appreciate food, nature and an extended dining experience - this place is for you. Now, before I forget, here's what we ate: Blue Hill V8 Two types of cherry tomato with a sweet carrot Potato and onion bread Zucchini wrapped in pancetta and dipped in sesame seeds Tomato and goat cheese sliders Buckwheat bread w/ ricotta, arugala salt and tomato salt Watermelon soup Mixed greens and beans White striped bass with lobster, clam and corn chowder Panko fried soft egg with mushrooms Pasta with shitakes Pork with ratatouille White balsamic strawberries with yogurt sorbet Apricot on pistachio cake with blueberries and apricot foam Peach, plum, currants with creme fresh and filo cake Despite all of that food, there were ZERO stomach ramifications!  If that's not an indicator of fresh food, I don't know what is. If any of the details are wrong, blame the gin and tonic and sauvignon blanc. I'm very confident you will like Blue Hill at Stone Barns.
Took my wife here for her birthday. It's a nice place to come to and walk around. The farmers market and walking around a working farm was nice. The cafe was a fine place to sit with a coffee and treat or sandwich The restaurant is beautiful and the service was great. You pick either the 5 or 8 course farmers feast and get small samplings of what's fresh. All in all it was a good experience suitable for celebrating an occasion, but at these prices I think we'll try somewhere else next time.
Delicious. Perfect food. Beautiful, beautiful dining room. Even more beautiful landscape.Amazing staff! This is where I'm getting married--even if I must sell my soul to pay for it. Really, you must try it.
Casual space in an otherwise totally over-hyped environment.  Rockefeller dumped this property along with another and as it went into disrepear it was snatched up to be turned into a farming environment just prior to the latest and greatest fad - locavore is born... Good quality food in the cafe environment and surely so in the main restaurant as well but not likely worth the price given the other amazing places to go in a 50 mile radius for the same cost.  I think the environment sells the place and so many come here to be part of a scene yet don't even walk outside the dining environment to see where the veggies, meat, and of course herbs come from. Will it survive the hype, not sure as the rent likely is steep and I can only hope there are serious backers for such an endeavor or the place will go back to the day of old when pasteurized milk was not to be consumed (another fad gone by).
This review is more about getting to and from BHSB courtesy of mass transit.   I live in NYC.  Took metro-north to the Hawthorne station and hopped in a car affiliated with Pleasantville & Hawthorne Car service.  The ~3.5 mile cab ride cost $10 and I tipped an additional $5, for a total price of $15.  A bit much for a 10 minute car ride, but I was in the mood to spurge. During our dessert course, my fiance asked the concierge at BHSB to call a cab for us.  After our meal ended, we hopped in a cab affiliated with Elegant Taxi & Limo Service.  The cab driver drove us to the Hawthorne Metro-North station and told us the fare was $25.   Needless to say, my fiance and I were shocked at the price.  The same 10 minute cab ride had a 250% markup.  I told Jose, the driver, I refused to pay that price.  He said I needed to ask the price before getting in the car.  I told him I would give him $20, which was still a rip off.  He refused, so my fiance call his dispatcher.  The dispatcher initially stood by $25 charge.  However, once we told him we were only charged $10 by Pleasantville & Hawthorne Car Service, he backed off and let us pay the $20. WORD of ADVICE:  If using the Hawthorne Metro-North station, do not let the concierge at BHSB call you a cab.  Do it yourself.
Trust that I am measuring my words carefully when I say: I think I might have enjoyed my dinner at Blue Hill more than the one I had at the French Laundry. Whoa. Weird to get that off my chest. I loved how Blue Hill was less about showing off crazy meticulous fancy techniques and more about showing off the best of the ingredients with the cleanest and most complementary flavours possible. A phenomenal meal, and truth be told, much more affordable than the FL, or Per Se. I would come back in a heartbeat.
First, the facts: (per person) $135 8-course farmer's feast $105 wine pairing $20 cheese flight $10 sparkling water (which they bottle.  hopefully not carbonated tap) $5 cappucino $5 tea (I am definitely forgetting a few things since my meal came out to $575 for 2 people ex. tip) I lay the $ out for all the guys out there (ha).  Whoever just spent $160 on their meal must've ordered only the farmer's course, which in my opinion is difficult to do given their "let us take care of everything" attitude.  I basically said "omakase" and sat back and relaxed.  Valet parking is free or you can park yourself.  While there seem to be a steady stream of taxis entering, I wouldn't hold out for one leaving and would strongly suggest having a car instead. If one word could describe what makes this place great, it would be "pairing."  The dishes are constructed so that there are really only two or three flavors within it, but each flavor is needed to make the other stand out.  E.g. the venison tastes flat without the apple paste that goes with it.  This is the first meal where I was constantly talking through and analyzing the experience.  Although less than 50% of the items are actually grown on the farm (to be honest the Stone Barn fields don't have much), this is a good thing as I am impressed with the variety of the material they present.  I found their treatment of vegetables very interesting, more so than for meats, and next time I might just tell them I'm a vegan so I get more of it.  There were a few pieces that ultimately were not to my taste but nevertheless they were all interesting. Excellent customer service as well.  I have read that people were bothered by the pretentiousness of the waitors and confused that there wasn't an assigned waiter per table.  I did get a little nervousness from some of the waitors but I think that's just what they're used to from demanding clients.  When I started to joke around with them they really relaxed and talked freely, definitely helped the mood.  And the non-assigned waitor thing is fine because everyone is on top of what's happening at your table.  Some of the customers are pretentious, which you will notice when entering and at the bar, but this is actually one of the few restaurants where, although being in an open area, the focus remained within the confines of our food and our interactions with the waitors.  The restaurant is condusive to being formal but I wouldn't feel uncomfortable being golf club dressy. Although this is definitely not a comfort food place, I was thinking that I wasn't going to get full.  The 8 courses were quite a lot and I wish I hadn't pre-eaten beforehand.  It was definitely worthwhile for my wife's birthday, but we both agreed that we would choose the lighter choice for future non-celebratory occassions.  3 hours is also a long time to eat but worth it for the special night.
This is an experience for all to have if you can afford it. We live in the city and took the train/cab there- no issues. Super easy. We walked around for about 35 min beforehand which was plenty. We were seated at 5 pm and chose the 12 course menu with wine pairings. THe food was really really delicious. A week later I can still remember the courses but there was nothing that I need to eat again right here right now. I found everything to be ridiculously fresh and amazing. THe presentation was stellar and the flavors were so intense. THe service was also exceptional. By the end of our 4 hour meal (yes, you read that right) I felt like we knew all the staff members and servers. The restaurants innovative ways of sustainable cooking (including cooking veggies in compost) were so cool and so outrageous. Highly highly recommend. We took dial7 back into the city which was the cheapest we fgound and really realible. Would 10000% return. DId not blow our socks off like French Laundry or Cyrus but has its place int he culinary world for simple beautiful flavors.
One of the worst food experiences I've had for the price. The summer 2012 tasting menu and wine pairing were uninspiring and subpar. I only truly enjoyed perhaps one or two of the dishes, and the Cod's head dish was a bit foul and certainly unpleasant. Our waiter and sommelier were genuine and friendly, but not quite as professional and seasoned as one would expect. Additionally, this place is a bit out of the way - you will have to travel quite a bit from the city proper to actually arrive here. However, the farm was beautiful, so if you do come here, make sure to come early so that you an enjoy the surroundings outside of the actual restaurant.
Great food and excellent service, but it didn't quite do it for me. This isn't a restaurant where you need to be a foodie to appreciate the thought and care that goes into every aspect of your meal. We did the 12 course menu, and I have to say that it was every bit exhausting as it was intriguing. Dinner may take 4-5 hours as it did for us. Some of my favorite dishes were the skewered vegetables, venison steak, and celery/beet/carrot sorbet.
I've heard so many good things about Blue Hill both in NYC and at Stone Barns that I had to give it a whirl.   Went on a Sunday afternoon and they didn't have a brunch menu but they had their regular menu in which the diner can choose either a 5/8/12 course meal.  I went with 3 other friends and we all decided to go for the 12 course.  After all it's not every day that you eat at a place like Stone Barns. The service was 5 star and the staff is most accommodating and caters to the customers needs.  My friend isn't a fan of swine so the chef prepared another beef dish in place of the pork. The staff did an excellent job explaining each dish.  Stone Barns prides itself by using only the ingredients that they grow on the farm. The only thing that I was disappointed was that there was not enough meat dishes for the amount of $$ you pay.  Out of the 12 courses that we had, there were only 3 meat dishes.  We had one pork dish, beef dish, and fish dish.  The vegetables that they prepared was AMAZING to say the least!! If you decide to opt for the 12 course meal, be prepared to spend at least 4-4.5 hours at Stone Barns.   I will definitely go back!
After the annual visit, I'll kick them up a star because they've improved the quality of the vegetarian tasting menu.  This time I actually got composed dishes instead of unadorned vegetables in the middle of a plate.  But the nonsense continues:  served a dish of fresh ricotta, the waitperson told us to "be careful, it's still separating" as he walked away.  WTF, does it attack? And the omnivores in our party got one - ONE - meat course in a five-course tasting, total ripoff.
Loved this place. We toured the farm when we first got there and ate some concord grapes off of the vine.  Extremely delicious.  I stopped in at the cafe and got a tuna sandwich as it was a few hours before our reservation, and I needed something to tide me over.  It was delicious.  The farmers market was going on while we were there, and we had some cherries or apples or something...can't really remember (I was here over a month ago). Dinner was completely amazing.  I went with the vegetarian tasting menu as did most of my party.  One of us went for the meat tasting menu.  Everything was perfect, and the service was great as well.  From candied zuchinis to mini tomato-burgers, everything was very fresh and delicious.  I tried some of the aged beef that my cousin received as part of the meat menu, and it did not dissappoint. Overall, I had a great time here.  We even got to tour the kitchen (my cousin was a chef at Per Se and was recognized by some of the staff).  The kitchen was amazing, and the courtesy that we were shown by the manager as he gave us the tour was up to par. I will return for a special occasion, as it is fairly pricey.  Around 130 for the 5 course meal (I think it was 5 courses) though it's more like 10 courses with all the small treats they give you in between actual courses.
Took my husband here for on for his B'day dinners. Beautiful place and pricey, we had the 8 course with wine pairing. The food is delicious and staff great, the only thing that gets annoying after a while is the constant "speeches" about each thing they are serving, from the garlic to the butter and the wine (how many hectors are on the vineyard, you get the idea). I understand why they are doing it but at the same time please take it down a notch so we can enjoy the food. The ambiance is GREAT and the building is amazing, just a little hard to justify the $700 spent on dinner. Oh well at least we tried it.
Remembering what it's like to taste for the first time - I think that best sums up my dining experience at the Farm. We went to LUNCH on a Sunday and had no idea what to expect. We started off with several amuse-bouches - tiny Tomato Burgers, Frittata with Ham, House-made Charcuterie and Corn Soup. WOW. We knew we were in for a treat after those! There was nothing there that I wouldn't have had more of...especially those Tomato Burgers! The next course was a Tomato Salad with Watermelon, Yogurt and other yumminess inside. I couldn't even identify the taste sensations that I was experiencing. That's when it was solidified to me that this place was more than special. King Salmon with Corn Succotash was next. There were bits and pieces of shrimp and muscles within the succotash as well. Delicious, light, refreshing! Next was the lamb and pork belly. SO fresh and tender. Cooked perfectly, no doubt. At this point, I was quite full and couldn't finish this dish....until.... DESSERT! Poppy Seed Cake with Corn Ice Cream, Peaches and Raspberries AND an additional dessert with Caramelized Dark Chocolate with Plum Sorbet. What a PERFECT treat and finale to such a gorgeous meal.     I must say that not only was the food delicious, but the plates and utensils used and overall ambience and service really made it a thoughtful experience. Afterwards, we took a stroll around the farm only to pass by several other smiling families. What a perfect Sunday!
So we got there and were instantly impressed with the location, it's surroundings and the exterior and interior spaces.  Too bad is was so frickin' hot because we would have walked around a bit.  Well, we sorta did because we initially couldn't figure out where the entrance was.  So we walked around for a few minutes and then realized we walked by it when we first got there. So we sat down at what I thought was the best table in the house.  It was on the outside wall in the back right corner when you walked in. It afforded us the ability to view the entire room and it's workings while we dined along with the wood burning grill they had outside.  We then settled into our bench and the festivities began. Our waiter approached us (after being approached by someone about drinks) and we were given the overall concept of the restaurant and then asked if we had any allergies or dislikes.  We talked through each and then for our culinary adventure. It began with a unique dish - served warm - of a small sesame seed bun and a tomato burger.  Not a burger with a tomato but a burger made from tomato.  It was amazing.  In fact, we grabbed it so fast off the plate I completely forgot to take a picture (a recurring theme during the meal). We then received two additional plates which consisted of summer squash skewers wrapped in panchetta and crusted with sesame seeds and pork tenderloin carpacchio.  Both were outstanding. We then were served our first official course which was a wonderful beet salad (your favorite) served with fresh whipped yogurt, raspberries and blackberries and glazed hazelnuts.  It was yummy. We then relaxed a bit (which btw, the pace at which we ate was perfect) and was served our second course.  This consisted of a panko encrusted soft boiled egg in a bowl of curried beans.  Very unique and delicious with only a subtle hint of curry. Our final savory course of the day was our main disc and consisted of pork tenderloin and belly, thick cut bacon and zucchini in a vegetable puree of some sort.  Oh yea, it also had a sausage slice but my plate didn't have it so I missed it initially (when the waiter heard this he disappeared for a moment and reappeared with a plate of slices). It was all VERY good with the exception of the bacon.  That was INSANE!  Unfortunately, I was so consumed by the dish when it arrived I was only able to take a picture of it empty. :) We then opted for a cheese course before dessert and had both an aged and soft sheep's milk cheese.  I def preferred the aged variety which came with a pickled pea pod over the brie type cheese that came with a rhubarb marmalade.  Very odd in style and taste. Our final course was a dessert consisting of fresh blueberries and caramel sauce and roasted corn ice cream and corn bread.  I don't like blueberries but I soldered through it while the ice cream at first was odd but as you ate more it grew on you.  It was amazing. We then paid for the meal (which is the most expensive lunch I've ever paid for - not had) and were politely rolled out of the place.  :) Oh yea, the only negative for this meal was the couple that sat next to us near the end.  The guy had the worst table manners imaginable which is not a pleasant thing to observe. It started with him wearing a hat into the place (he had to be asked to remove it) and it only got worse.  While waiting for their first course he was eating bread (which I forgot to mention was incredible and from Balthazar's) and would scoop off a piece of butter with his bread, take a bite and do it all over again.  When the first course arrived he used his fingers to push food onto his fork and then licked his fingers.  It was horrible.  And def gave us a laugh or two.   Luckily we headed out right after this spectacle. Regardless of this, it was truly GREAT experience and we are def going to plan on having dinner there some time.
Absolutely amazing -- best food and service I've had anywhere.  Well worth the trip from the city.  Try to go in the summer or fall as there is a greater variety of food in season then, and try to get an early reservation (both to check out the grounds before dinner, and because dinners at Stone Barns can be 3+ hours).
I don't understand what all the high ratings are for. The food is good but not justifying the high price tag. They serve you farm vegetables in the most pretentious way possible but they are just "ok". I concluded that the price they charge is the farm maintenance cost (after all there are lots of animals).
We didn't mess around, we came to eat or be eaten, well not really.  We had one objective...try everything.  We did the 8 course feast with the wine pairing.   We enjoyed so many wonderful fresh offerings from the farm, we had no idea how awesome the meal would be.  The wife and I went with no expectations and everything was surpassed by leaps and bounds.  The service from the time you enter until you leave is impeccable.   We had so many things to eat, I can't remember them.  But the ostrich egg pasta with the cured young chicken eggs grated over top and aged balsamic was truly an amazing and unforgettable course.  We had so many fresh vegetables, I couldn't believe how the meal flirted with healthy.  Even the desserts of strawberries and blueberries were on the healthier side.  All in all, this meal was one of the most amazing meals we have ever had in our lives.   All of it works, from A to Z in this place, but it will cost ya.  But it is definitely worth it.  Looking forward to trying more seasons at Stone Barns.
Simply a unique experience. Earlier in the week I went to a different famous restaurant expecting to have fresh, original takes on ingredients and that other place failed. Blue Hill takes fresh ingredients and makes you taste them all over again, the way they were meant to taste before agribusiness standardized it all. We had the delightful Valentine's Day menu where I learned to like Duck and Lamb Loin because they were done correctly. I even thought the squid ink had potential. Of course, the desserts were my favorites with 3 separate courses, each with a fresh take on chocolate, fruit, and cream. Since they try new things every day, there's no point in detailing the menu for you. Blue Hill will surprise, delight, and challenge you any day of the week. Definitely a once a decade experience, or if you have the cash, a once a season experience. I was disappointed they charged for tea and basics given their fees.
How dedicated of a foodie am I?  Well let's just say that I drove straight here after driving 13 hours from Ohio to NYC during the Nor'easter on 4/15/07.  So what if the Sawmill exit was closed due to flooding?  So what if there was 2 feet of standing water on the Deegan?  And we had zero visibility?  The pursuit of excellent dining must forge on! The 4 of us arrived, damp & exhausted at 8:30pm.  They served us a cauliflower soup amuse bouche (with a beet chip).  Then they served a second amuse bouche--a mini beet burger--which was delicious & adorable all at the same time. (I know, it sounds gross....) None of us felt like doing the full tasting menu, so we opted for the set menu that allowed us to choose any 3 dishes for $78.  We ordered (in no particular order): crab salad, squash soup (with a cranberry marshmallow!!  amazing!!), Carolina golden rice with seafood, bass ala grecque, brook trout (my entree--it was amazing--almost like sushi, stuffed with greens, served sliced up like nori rolls), venison, lamb, berkshire pork (tasty), leeks, gnocchi (strangely ravioli like), and sides of butter kale (like spinach but better!) and sunchoke puree.   Oddly enough, we all found the red meats to be a bit gamey & bland.  The seafood dishes were all fantastic.  Uh, dessert was a blur (I was fading fast) but the coffee & tea were GREAT.  I know, bizarre of me to enthuse about the coffee & tea, but really.  Trust me on this. Overall, since we didn't get to tour the bucolic grounds due to the crap ass weather, my dining experience probably could have been easily duplicated by a visit to the Blue Hills in the village.  But it's all about the struggle, people.  Fight the good fight! Peace out.
4 1/2 stars. The restaurant itself is perfect, modern and gorgeous with a hint of rustic elegance. I wish I had all of their furniture, particularly the gorgeous chairs and coffee tables in the lounge. Service is also perfect. My boyfriend would have preferred a little more warmth, but I don't need it as much. They certainly made sure that you felt welcome and special. Now the food. It was certainly the healthiest meal I've eaten at a restaurant. Tons of greens - you can't go wrong with green. Here if it's green it's tasty. The freshness fairly seeps into your pores. I wasn't too keen on eating my salad off of a piece of slate when it's artfully arranged but I could see where they were going with presentation. In addition to various greens I also had a trout dish and a beef dish, and both were very tasty. Desserts were fantastic, nothing too sweet. If I had a complaint, it would be that none of the dishes blew me away, that I would talk about it years into the future. But the overall impression  will linger positively for a long time.
Things to contemplate post-prandial Blue Hill... how could I dine anywhere else afterward you might perpend?   now i can pass into the neither-regions of food purgatory to remain until something better comes to rescue me you might excogitate.   whatever you turn over in your mind you'll certainly be exclaiming the longest adjectives that come to your mind. yes, 5 stars in EVERY regard!  from the pig sty out front to the hanging gardens on the way in, from the silverware and plateware tabletop to the cushions on the seat, from the amuse to the petite fours and no doubt EVERYTHING savory in between yes affirmative 5 full and bursting yelp stars.  as an aside...I guess it does not help to have the "Mr" make a notation to your reservation when dining...for those of you who know what that might be...but all the same it was memorable.
Absolutely incredible - a true culinary experience and quite possibly the best meal I have ever had.  I went for brunch and I think that is the way to go.  The farm is beautiful and not only will you enjoy looking at the landscape from the dining room, but you will also want to walk around the grounds after your meal.  We experienced what turned out to be a 12-course tasting menu, with 1 bottle of champagne and 2 bottles of wine - it was an outstanding 4 hours!  We were lucky enough to go with 2 friends who are regulars, got married there 2 years ago, and know pretty much the entire staff.  The service was the best I have ever experienced.  Every detail was attended to and this was even more apparent when we took a tour of the kitchen after our meal - it was pristine & flawlessly managed.  Here's a list of our courses: - fresh carrots and bok choy (picked fresh from the garden) - beet, butternut squash, and celery root "chips" (paper thin) - oyster shooter/cauliflower soup - charcuterie - Coppa, Veal terrine - beet salad w/goat cheese, yogurt foam & pine nut butter - greenhouse salad w/soft poached egg - beet burgers (mini beet sliders) - gnocchi w/local cheese - pork loin (& belly) w/apple butter - peanut butter & beet jelly - cocunut cake w/coconut ice cream and fresh coconut flakes - apple cobler w/ginger ice cream Wine: PIERRE GIMONNET Brut 1er Cru Blanc de Blancs Cuis F.X. PICHLER Smaragd Wachau DOMAINE WEINBACH Grand Cru 'Schlossberg-Cuve St. Catherine' Alsace I can't wait to go back.
How could I possibly describe what might have been -- without hyperbole -- the greatest meal I have ever consumed? Maybe I shouldn't try. Maybe I should stop myself with this sentence and just submit my emotional turmoil as an indicator of my inability to render my sentiments with words. What the Barbers have done with Blue Hill At Stone Barns goes beyond being a unique dining experience. It is without parallel. I've seen or consumed nothing like it in my very short history as a gourmand. The five course tasting menu ($108) seemed the most reasonable choice. And by reasonable I mean I didn't want to be the only person at the table ordering the 12-course menu. Plus, just because it's five courses doesn't mean it's actually five "courses"... allow me to elaborate by giving a brief rundown of the meal: Blue Hill V-9 shot (nine-vegatable drink) Fresh garden vegetables Adirondack red potato chips Tomato slider (ordinarily beets, I know, tonight we got tomato) Pistachio sausage and duck salami Four-grain brioche, herb marmalade, cracked pepper, fresh ricotta Course #1 - Salad, garden vegetables Course #2 - Wreckfish, Manhattan clam chowder Warm potato and onion bread, tomato salt, herb salt Course #3 - Soup, egg, Matsutake mushrooms, pea shoots, foam Course #4 - Farm-raised veal, mixed glazed carrots, dandelion greens Espresso shot Course #5 - Concord grape meringue, Stone Barns fruit, honey, flowers I'm not sure what I can say. The setting, the service, the ambiance, the food, everything was ideal. The only regret I have is being a novice food writer, because now this review will forever be on the Internet and people with more developed palates and bigger food vocabularies will read it and be all like, "What's THAT guy's deal!? What is he, retarded?"
Amazingly good. We got the 8-course meal (vs. the only other option of 5) and I would definitely recommend doing the same thing. Only $35 extra, same amount of food, just 6 savory courses + 2 sweet vs. 4 savory and 1 sweet. Robert, the concierge, was awesome. Very insightful and knew every answer to every question asked (and we asked a lot of questions!!) There were 5 of us total, 2 vegans, and they were very accommodating. The vegan courses were definitely the best I've had on the East Coast. Amazing service, amazing surroundings, amazing food. Well worth a night out. Total bill was $190 per person- totally worth the five hours spent on this meal.
I think this is my favoriate restaurant. I really enjoyed everything about it. I recommend going to this one over the one in greenwich obviously. Location and the atmosphere makes it ten times better. I can see why people get married here. It's lovely.
If I could give 10 stars, I would. This was one of the best meals of my young adult life. First, the trip up to Tarrytown is worth it.  I haven't been to Blue Hill Cafe in the city, but c'mon, you go for this kinda food, you gotta go all the way baby! This is worth the splurge! Get there early on a good day and catch a tour! Ya'll on a FARM, SON! So, there aren't that many things to do with respect to "choosing" what to eat because they make it incredibly easy -- two tasting menu options, one for $135 (8 courses) and another $105 (5 courses).  Both give the same amount of food, but does that really matter? You get SO MANY appetizers.. and theyre so scrumptous... IN OTHER WORDS LADIES.. WEAR A STRETCHY JERSEY DRESS! None of that tight lining or questionable fashionista stuff that may lead to a wardrobe malfunction at the end of the evening.  YOU WILL BE FULL. Other than not having to pick and bicker with your dinner guests, the entire dining experience was impeccably and meticulously planned...n'sync style plating and "presentations" about the farm's grains and honeycombs just when table conversation wears sorta thin.   BLUE HILL has thought of everything! One thing that may be up for lots of chattering about -- what to drink.  But if you don't want to deal with that, they offer wine pairings with the tasting menu. Goodness gracious.   How else can I explain it? My morning after vanilla almond oatmeal breakfast made me cry.
Beautiful, delicious, amazingly creative food.  Imaginative wine pairings.  Glorious building and decor.  Topped by impeccable service.  My husband and I were celebrating an anniversary - it seemed most people were celebrating something.   We didn't just fall off the turnip truck- we have eaten amazing food all over the world.  Chef Barber and his team delivered surprises and delight with every course - there were more amuse bouche than I could count, and eight courses - everything was prepared in completely fresh, new ways.  And the pairings were spot-on.  They even prepared a special beer pairing for my husband, based on his preferences.  And he knows his beer - they actually had beers he had not tried before. At the conclusion of the meal, the brought out little cakes with candles to celebrate our anniversary - a lovely touch.  We were blown away by the whole experience from start to finish and agreed it was the best anniversary celebration, ever.   P.S.  We also had a chef sighting - it's always fun to actually see the chef and know he is in the kitchen - Chef Barber, you are a rock star!!
Aside from the 30-days leading up to my reservation, I had been looking forward to Sunday for years.  I wanted my first lunch experience at Dan Barber's Blue Hill Stone Barns to be accompanied by none other than my parents and dear childhood friend, Shelley.  Having been upstate a handful of times, I've always found myself mesmerized by its natural beauty and serenity.  Since Mom and Dad were such urban haters, I figured that a trip to a rural farm-located only 35 miles outside of Manhattan-just may change their jaded assumption that NYC is NY State. From the minute our train sprung above ground in Harlem, my parents were fixated on all of the sights beyond their window.  As our journey brought us closer to Tarrytown and further from NYC-revealing more trees and less buildings-I couldn't help but grin as I heard my mom telling my dad "how beautiful the scenery is."  When we arrived at the Tarrytown stop, we hopped in to a cab for the 10-15 minute drive to Blue Hill Stone Barns.  Our driver, Nacho, could not have been more helpful or courteous.  He handed us his card and offered to pick us up after our meal, so long as we gave him a 15-minute head's up.  (Readers: take this gentleman's information.  The next time you find yourself en-route to/from Blue Hill Stone Barns, "Nacho" is the best-and inexpensive, to boot-ride in town: 914-227-5580) With 20-minutes to spare upon arrival, the four of us walked through the property's expansive, emerald-green gardens and farmland.  We visited the gift shop and the small cafe, where I purchased two jars of homemade jam and a fresh cheddar-chive scone.  Finally, at 11:30am, we made our way towards the restaurant for our lunch reservation. Before I proceed with my photo documentary of this meal, I must say that my lunch at Blue Hill Stone Barns was, without a doubt in my mind, the best restaurant-dining experience of my entire life.  From the breathable/non-stuffy space (informally-sophisticated - tall, vaulted ceilings with exposed steel beams - white-washed walls - dark-wood paned windows which allowed for breathtaking farm views - fresh flowers throughout - a market table in the center of the dining room - and lots of, well, space!), outstanding service performed by knowledgeable and attentive staff, and the exquisite, simple food (only a genius can make vegetables taste this good!), I left my heart at Blue Hill. I don't say this often-perhaps I've never even uttered these words on my website-but Blue Hill Stone Barns is an absolute "must."
Went here for a Valentine's Day dinner - (how cliche, I know)  My husband had been trying to take us here for a while, but the days/times never worked out so he planned ahead for this one. About a 30-40 min drive from the city, we made it there no problem, unlike some of the other reviewers, and overall had such a great time. The service was perfect, the ambiance was busy and happening, yet intimate at the same time. The space is beautiful - high vaulted ceilings with iron beams - beautiful farm table in the center of the room with loaves of fresh bread to slice from, seasonal plants, flowers and wood sprays. The food was simply amazing - right on par with some of our all time favorites from all parts of the world, and certainly a contender with any of its manhattan counterparts.  It was the perfect balance of farm-to-table meets high-end french dining with creative presentations, colorful flavor combinations, and appropriate tasting portions, while all the while using very fresh & *notably* recognizable foods.  [Nothing worse than going to a fancy dinner and 1 - not knowing half of what you're eating and/or 2 - your stomach not used to it and instantly rejecting it] The Valentine's menu was a 5 course tasting with 2 options for each course.  We went for "one of each," so that we could really try everything.  Our meal also included 3 amuse bouche at the beginning & several extra dessert tidbits at the end.  We also received a nice "care package" to take home - mason jar of milk jam & 2 mini-muffins.  The perfect morning-after-valentine's-dinner breakfast snack. A beautiful setting, wonderful service & downright good food!
Let's start with the Staff; they are top quality all around.  The staff does not skip a beat and is on top of everything.  They truly are excellent and add to the dining experience at Blue Hill. The food is just consistently fresh, delicious and creative; add your pick of some wonderful wines and the dining experience is just heavenly. From start (even arriving in your car is made easier), to finish, this elegant restaurant is a magnificent experience.
My friend Lisa's wedding was held here in July 2010 and I fell in love... I had come here once before her wedding to meet with her florist and had ended up eating a sandwich from the cafe which was quite good but only gave me a small taste of what the restairant was like.  I couldn't wait for her wedding. The concept is using all fruits and vegetables that are currently in season, along with only using what's on their farm for game and products.   It was gorgeous... the day was gorgeous yet humid, the inside was gorgeous, the food was gorgeous, the spot int he courtyard where she had her ceremony was gorgeous, the flowers were gorgeous, everything was gorgeous....   The food was exquisite though.  I was ever excited to try the food when the ceremony was over. I knew she was doing a cocktail hour and then a sit down dinner.  The cocktail being passed around was a currant type martini spritzer of sorts with some currant fruit in it.  Fruity without being overly sweet and beautifully red.  They came around w arancini balls which were delicious, squash and zucchini sticks, and another hors d'ouevre that I can't remember. Dinner consisted of a gazpacho that was quite good and summer despite me not liking gazpacho... then a salad with a bread crouton that had an egg in it which was gooey and blended with the salad so well... then we had free range chicken which was a piece of chicken breast and a piece of dark meat with the skin... the white meat was the juiciest chicken I have had in a restaurant ever.  It was plain, but soooooo delicious.  I wish I could have gotten tons more.  Then we had petit fours that my friend had picked out not from the restuarant and they weren't all that good.  Then again I don't think I'm a fan of petit fors. Another rave item was their cucumber infused vodka that was being ordered by everyone... i just dont like cucumber in my drinks so I didn't try it but they actually "ran out" before the end of the night.  I think they just stopped giving it to us because they were afraid they'd really run out.   I'd love to come for a tasting here and then be able to try some of their desserts and I'd love to see what their winter foods are like.  The service was impeccable though and so well coordinated.  The downfall is the prices but I'm happy I got the chance to taste their food without having to pay because it only makes me want to go back for a real meal and pay for it.  The mark of a great restaurant... when you're willing to pay the prices.  I can also see why people take away a star here and there because of how the restaurant can feel "snotty" and uptight.  But in reality if you're ready for the level this restaurant exudes you'll be fine with the feeling.  It all works itself out.
Best meal ever.  The eight course farmer's menu did not have a weak link.  Add in the 6 or so amuse bouche, and you have a memorable meal--perhaps the meal of one's life.  Flawless. Flavor and imagination that words can't capture. When you go, arrive at least an hour early to enjoy a cocktail in the lounge.
Fab farm to table experience. Had the 5 course with wine pairing.   Presentation and explanation of food from the staff was excellent.   My only problem was the amount of time it took to complete the meal. It seemed like HOURS but it could have also been my choice of company ;)
I stopped off at the cafe for a quick snack before my tour. The fig brioche was great, especially paired with a latte. The fresh beet salad was disappointing considering this is a farm and all ingredients are picked and made on premises. I've had better. The dill was way too overpowering and the feta wasn't good quality cheese. The other salads were just OK too.
We have been supporters of Stone Barns Center from before the days that my daughter could walk (and now she can likely outpace me).  The restaurant likewise has been the center of enough special meals that we feel a special bond.  In life, one worries that repeating special events might somehow dilute them.  Yet half a dozen meals into our affair with Blue Hill, I can still distinctly remember each.  That fact is a testament to how variable the menu is (truly following the seasons) and how distinct each experience is.  In their latest incarnation (a few weeks ago), the menu has simplified to a single choice.  At the same time, the presentation has expanded.  A cutlery-free opening (that lasts multiple courses) is primitive in the best sense.  The food is primitive.  The diner is primitive.  You taste freshness.  Diners rotate into the kitchen for a course.  What heretofore was unique (we'd been invited back only once) is now part of the rotation and diners are provided with a corner bar table with which to watch that delicate balance of chaos and fluidity.  We still think lunch is the best choice.  Combining the meal with a leisurely stroll around the farm creates an experience that will linger, especially for those stuck in the city at length.
I was lucky enough to watch Chef Dan Barber deliver the key note speech at a food show a few summers ago. The man's fervent dedication to the local food movement is something to be admired, a passion rivaled only by the likes of Alice Waters and Michael Pollan. It isn't just about good food, it's a way of life. A responsibility to sustainable farming and a respect for the people who put their blood and sweat into producing the ingredients for your meal. Blue Hill at Stone Barns reminds us of these elements by thrusting us right in the middle of an almost agrarian setting on an 80-acre farm in New York state, surrounded by the very livestock and fresh produce used in each dish. If you come during the day while the sun is still out you can even admire the pasture through the windows of the dining room. All of these things put together resulted in the most delightful and unique dining experiences I have ever had in my life. Dishes were served on stone slabs or skewered upon metal spikes displayed across custom-made wooden boards. We started with a series of amuse bouche--my favorites were the bone marrow and V9 vegetable shot. True to farm-to-table style, each dish was made with minimal ingredients with an emphasis on freshness. The do-it-yourself tomato salad, lobster soup and perfectly cooked beef medallions were so delicious. I also ordered the cucumber cocktail at the bar. This drink had a few drops of what smelled like sesame oil, which was so slight that it seemed to serve only to give you a slight whiff of the oil through your nose as you sipped the light refreshing cucumber flavor of the drink. It was a bit weird in a good way. The entire meal took almost 3 hours to finish. Blue Hill in NYC is also very good, but I would definitely recommend making the trek up to the Stone Barns location (by car or by train from the city) if you had to choose between the two.
An amazing experience! The Barn and farms offer a fantastic entrance to a great dining experience.   We sat on the terrace, enjoying a cool overcast summer evening.  I tried three infused vodkas: geranium, fig/fennel, and golden beet, all of which were phenomenal.  We sat and enjoyed the views of the farm on the terrace for 40 minutes prior. The entire staff was not only on point but very friendly and willing to tell the stories of the food. We had the 5 course tasting.  Three amuse/sampling of the vegetables were all superb.  The first two courses were very good, but and exceptionally presented but I would not say outstanding.  However, the lobster with basil corn was one of the best preparations I have had in a long time and the lamb that finished was phenomenal.   I am not going into detail because I doubt too many of the dishes will be repeated.   I give it five stars not only because of the complete experience but also because they truly stay local and sustainable.  Anyone can throw around caviar, foie gras and truffles and make amazing meals, but to create a  local seasonal menu and create numbers of fantastic dishes is an accomplishment. The wine list is a little pricey on the mid level but there are a few entry level wines that fit the food perfectly.  Besides that, I feel you get your moneys worth if you value incredible gourmet, fantastic service and phenomonal venue.
I have been to Blue Hill at Stone Barns twice - once in the winter, and more recently in the summer.  I am always amazed by the freshness of the ingredients - the power aromas which come about when the dishes are brought to the table - and the service is always fantastic. I have always had the 8 course tasting menu for $135, given its only a $30 differential from the 5 course - and you want to be able to try as much as possible. I think part of the enjoyable dinner is the education I get on new ways to cook and farm... such as my most recent dinner involved 10-12 hour grilled onions... using charcoal grilling  but the charcoal pieces were actually some bones of animals - similar to using bones as soup stock - now transforming that concept to using it for grilling so it adds a new smell to the dish - thought that was an interesting perspective. What I struggle with at Blue Hill - is that every table's selection is different ... we watched many tables have lobster as part of their meal - but we didn't have it, so we were a bit disappointed... in that note though, if there are certain dishes you really want - mention it to the server in the beginning - such as you definitely want to try their farm fresh eggs, the lobster, veal if they have... definitely plan to go back this winter for the harvest.
I wrote this review last July and only posted it on Trip Advisor.  Here is My Yelp Review. I start to feel tremendous guilt every time someone asks us how our dining experience was last week. I feel like there is something wrong with the fact that my fiancee and I left Stone Barns not impressed. Don't get us wrong, the food was good. Not amazing, mind blowing, or progressive. Just good. I don't care that the honey you are serving me is from castrated Hudson Valley Zebra Bees. And for the price, so not worth it. We chose the 12 course with the wine pairing. It was more than 12 courses. Maybe 20 or so little bites of things. The explanations of the food and the preparation process took longer than the actual consumption of the dish. Being the summer, the wine pairing was heavy on the whites. We didn't get into reds until hour 3 (and since, white wine goes to my head very fast, I was drunk before course 5). Yes, the meal was 6 hours long-- which included a few bathroom breaks and walks outside to re-group. We were not impressed with the $150.00 per person wine pairing. We were expecting more of a variety. It wasn't really until the end that they switched it up for us. We drank a German whites for most of the meal and then some reds and they threw in a beer course for good measure. The wine service was bottomless and by the time we got to dessert #2, between the food and the booze, I threw in the towel. I wanted a coffee. When we got our bill, I couldn't believe they charged us $4.00 for a coffee. Now, if they charged me $20.00 for the coffee, I probably could justify it. But $4.00? Really? You can't throw in a cup of coffee? I don't know call me crazy. I have to say that the service was very good. The air of the restaurant wasn't stuffy which was very nice for fine dining. I liked the fact that I didn't got through 19 forks and ate mostly with my hands. We had the pleasure of sitting next to a group of annoying twenty something bearded and dirty agri-hipsters talking about breeds of strawberries and other vegetables for 4 hours. It was funny at first, but their know-it-all arrogance got old after the first hour. We did have a nice tour of the place after dinner. We will go back. Next time fall. Next time 5 courses. Next time two bottles of wine. Our choice. My advice, don't do the 12 or even the 8 with or without wine. It's a waste of time and money. Visited July 2012
Wow, what can I say that hasn't already been said, Amazing! It doesn't get much better than this.  Living in NYC it's nice to get out of the urban city every once in a while and Blue Hill made the trip worth it that much more.  It's about an hour drive north from the city.  Don't really on GPS or phone service, as both can drop out easily around there.  Definitely have a map handy.  The farm itself was inviting and other than the fact you see all the animals grazing and wonder if they are going to end up on your plate.  It's definitely an oasis from the city. The service from the valet to bussers was spot on and extremely effective yet unobtrusive.  The space was reminiscent of an old barn, but elegantly presented. The food was incredible, you get 2 options, and 8 course or a 5 course and a list of possible ingredients that they will use that evening.  Fresh ingredients really do make a difference as you do not have to do ttoo much to them.  From fresh radishes, to gazpachos, to bone marrow, to dessert, everything was excitedly presented and seasoned fantastically.   Definitely a must go for a special event or evening.
Not the best meal I've ever had from a food standpoint, but as far as ambiance, service, and overall experience goes, Blue Hill at Stone Barns is second to none. Rented a Zipcar (more on this later) and drove the 5 of us out early for our 7:30 Sunday night reservation, hoping that we could be seated earlier. Unfortunately, we ended up waiting for 45 minutes until 7:35 to be seated, but the lounge where we waited exuded class and the fireplace provided a cozy consolation for the lack of food. As we entered the dining room we were greeted by a steel i-beam vaulted ceiling in the shape of a traditional barn ceiling. The wide open space had ample lighting without being overwhelming. The tables were well spaced out and your conversation was safely encapsulated around your table instead of reverberated across the dining room, and the noise level was maintained at a low buzz throughout the night (except when a wine glass was dropped on the floor). Impressive decor and it was evident a lot of thought and design was put into the layout. Sat down and were immediately greeted by an overly-cheerful-yet-mood-lightening waitress who explained the menu and interrogated our food allergies and preferences (we got a chuckle out of her by explaining our allergy to "bad" food). After whisking away the menus, we were promptly greeted by the first pre-5-course-menu amuse-bouche. Now, it'd be quite a chore to go through each and every course, and I can't recall it all from memory (my friend has it on her camera... I'll upload it at some point), but they were overall well cooked and well seasoned with relatively simple, fresh flavors. Dishes that stood out as good: Fried Kale (never thought it could be this good), Raw Baby Carrots (seasoned with vinegar and a little bit of salt), Mini Beet Burgers with a dab of Goat Cheese (best dish of the night was this absolutely divinely sweet and savory amuse), White Fish *forget what kind* in a Green Vegetable Stew (fish perfectly cooked, stew perfectly seasoned), Rutabaga cooked in a salt/pastry/hay shell to keep in all the moisture (sweet and juicy and a not-too-mushy texture), and the dessert of Passion Fruit Merengue with Pickled Raspberries and Coffee (Cappuccino?) Ice Cream (just a delight in my mouth.. the tangy of the raspberry and passion fruit with the cool, sweet taste of the ice cream... amazing) Now, dishes that stuck out as disappointing: Poached Egg with some sort of foam and Quinoa (waaaaaaaay too acidic... you couldn't even taste the salt... and the egg whites were a little runny which I really don't like), Pork dish with pork cooked two ways: one was similar to ham, the other to a crispy-skinned stomach/shank (the ham was nothing special, a little salty, and the crispy part of the pork was COLD, skin was too think for the amount of meat they gave you which was, admittedly, melt-in-your-mouth delicious. as a dish though, thoroughly disappointing). After the meal we asked for the menu we ate that night, and were told we had to wait a little while for it to arrive. 15 minutes later, we were greeted with the standard ingredients-of-the-season menu with hand written notes as to what was used in which dish and how it was prepared. An extremely nice and personal touch to a great evening! 4 stars for a very good meal and superb experience (it's not 5 because it's being critiqued at a higher standard) Revisit? If I ever get a raise. And I'm taking the train next time.
In the spring of 2004, Blue Hill at Stone Barns opened with the Stone Barns  center for food and agriculture in Pocantico Hills NY. Sourcing from the surrounding fields and pasture as well as other local farms Blue Hill at Stone Barns highlights the abundant resources of the Hudson valley. There are no menus here. Instead, guests are presented with a list of over one hundred ingredients, updated daily, which contains the best offerings from the field and market! From this you will served a seven course feast. Note to the wise, be sure to make reservations way way way in advance.
5+ stars. i cannot say enough good things about this place.  it has it all.  glorious food, a gorgeous setting and great service.  on my first visit, i was talked into doing the 10 course (!!!) farmer's feast, and on this last visit, cocktails and a myriad of appetizers followed by a three course brunch.  both experiences were worth the trip up from the city in not-so-great weather (first = snow, second = pouring rain) because what dan barber & his kitchen do with pork and just about everything else is pure genius.  and in the winter!  next visit, spring perhaps?
Everything about this place you probably have read from other yelpers already. But i'm gonna tell you why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. 1. The wait staff could be a bit more attentive the first half of the meal. It was 6 PM Sunday dinner, yes they were busy, but we had to wait 10 min to wave someone down for second round of drinks. 2. One of my favoritest thing on earth is raw egg yolk. I was served with a brioche, poached egg, and bacon with pesto dish. I cut the egg open, yolk was gel like, not running. I was sad and disappointed. I am the type that would send things back if it isn't the way it should be, since other 3 at the table was already enjoying their food, I didn't want to cause a drama. (mind you, their yolk was running. If you are a big running yolk lover, you know the disappointment). But it's okay, I will go home and poach myself as many eggs as I like! I do love the place and the experience... I just wish my yolk was running!
I have been wanting to go here for some time now but every time I made plans to, it always fell through. I was whisked away to this beautiful destination yesterday as a birthday treat by a very dear friend! I couldn't wish for a better birthday surprise! We had a light lunch at the Blue Hill Cafe that only offers an outdoor patio seating area. We had their cold Cauliflower soup of the day and Egg Omelettes along with Tuna. Everything was quite tasty, especially the Cauliflower soup! Upon completing our lunch, we walked the vast grounds to visit different areas of the farm. It's unbelievable that the farm is self-sufficient and everything that is served in the Cafe & restaurant comes from the farm! The grounds are beautiful and vast with many, many different hiking trails to walk. We walked the huge grounds as well as the adjoining Rockefeller State Park grounds to work up our appetites for the big 5 course prix-fixe meal we were having at the Blue Hill restaurant. We were immediately greeted by the hostess and taken to our table without delay. It was still early (5pm) and so there were more staff than patrons. As soon as we were seated, the bombardment began, first with the wine menu and then the prix fixe menus. There's only 2 prix fixe options offered, so we went with the 5 course vs the 7 course because we were still full from our lunch. Overall, the various courses was very tasty and the presentation was very innovative and pretty. We were given 3-5 various amuse bouche's before the main courses came out and so we were getting full by the time the actual food came out. They make their own butter on site and OMG it was DELICIOUS! The service throughout was very polite without being overbearing and everyone was very attentive. Our plates were whisked away as soon as put our utensils down and constantly replaced with fresh utensils. There was one server who seemed a bit too "overeager" to take our plates away. There were some other minor mishaps with the service, hence the 4 star rating. I most definitely plan to revisit Blue Hill at Stone Barn again and highly recommend it to those who has never been! It's truly a lovely experience and well worth the $$.
Ive been fortunate enough to eat here twice, and have every intention on returning. The service is exceptional, the grounds are beautiful (if you have time before your reservation and before you lose daylight, take a walk and see the farm) and the food is first-class. When we go, we say we are adventurous, and they serve some adventurous things - such as bone marrow in the bone. ... Normally Id be apprehensive but everything you eat here is perfectly seasoned, prepared and presented.
Despite arriving on a pouring day... and having picked apples and peaches in a bit of a drizzle in a nearby hudson valley farm, the experience at Blue Hill was not dampened. I really enjoyed the simplicity of its offering and found myself thoroughly enjoying the vegetables... carrots and the like in its true form. Somehow farm-grown (especially your own farm) vegetables are just extraordinary. The tomato water was remarkable, as was every single dish that was brought to the table, from amuse to app to entree and dessert. I especially loved the berkshire pork (though I noticed it was prepared the same way with the same accompanying ingredients and sauce as the beef our neighbors had... hmmmm). Regardless, it was heavenly. Apres the meal, we walked around the farm and discovered the various herbs, livestock and plants in the farm. What a great out of new york city experience indeed.
Let's not mess around here,  just do the Feast. The farmers feast is the way to go so be prepared for 3+ hour meal. The meal is going to be expensive but the quality and service is worth the cost. The staff is knowledgeable and I was impressed with the coordinated placement of food and removal of plates (stone slabs) and flatware. The farmer's feast is comprised of 8 dishes and Blue tries to use as many local if not on the grounds ingredients as possible. The menu may change daily but below you'll find a list of the dishes in our feast. Fried potato chips and smoked kale served threaded between twigs mounted on a block. A collection of farm veggies served on little spokes mounted in a wooded block. There was also a fizz made from celery. A mini asparagus purée burger about the size large gum ball as well as a bacon wrapped asparagus tip. A spring salad with dandelion leafs, fiddle heads, roasted beets, marinated onions, sweet potatoes and served on a stone triangle shaped plate. Several roasted asparagus stalks grouped two to an "X" formation with a orange sauce. Our individual plates were sprinkled with lardo and you had to drag the stalks through it. A selection of cured meats (salami and bologna) along with a cube of duck liver pate sandwiched between two pieces of dark chocolate (slobber). Also marrow from a pig's femur sprinkled with herbs and sea salt. A slice of house baked bread made from 4 different grains from a farm in Rochester. The grains are milled daily. The bread is served with a cottage cheese made from milk provided by cows in Great Barrington, MA. It was also served with "marmalade" made from herbs, strawberry preserves and coarse ground black pepper. You must try your hardest to get all the ingredients into each bite. A single poached "immature egg" in a thick broth. Look for a NYTimes article for an explanation. A linguine made from immature eggs served with an inch wide flat wooden stick that had an herbal mixture you were suppose to scrape into your bowl. A nice slab of pork, my guess is that it was a rib-eye cut, surrounded with vegetables and a brown sweet sauce. This was an excellent way to finish our entrees. There were two dessert courses. The first was a chocolate gelato served in foam and a small slice minced meat pie. The last thing we had were chocolate milk shakes in a tall shot glass, some chocolate covered cousin of the  macadamia or walnut and a piece of rich chocolate with pistachio. We also had 3 bottles of wine with our meal. All were in the 80 to 110 range. The wine list is extensive, I think they may have around 200+ offerings ranging from $50 to $1500. There was also farm themed cocktails that incorporated rhubarb, beets and tarragon. I'm a big eater, like almost man vs food and Eagles deli big, and I was satisfied after our meal. Blue Hill is an exceptional dining experience to be enjoyed with friends and worth taking a trip.
I had a completely gluten free feast! The highlight was the fresh vegetables, cheese, and yogurt. I was not a fan of the meat - it was a little too gamey and fatty (Even the chicken).  Next time, I am ordering a vegetarian meal.  It was an amazing experience.  Be sure to save time to check out the farm and gift shop.
the extra star is for my brother who deserves it for putting together this wonderful night with family. if i can give blue hill more stars, it would be for atmosphere and service. its always more enjoyable when the staff is on point however, food wise... read the rest of the 1 star reviews. amazing flavors but, you're paying for vegetables. I had 5 slices of meat. cooked very well. seasoned extremely well, but everyone who gave it 5 stars for raw vegetables have money to burn. fortunately we ordered the more expensive tasting menu, which means, more vegetables, so suffice to say, i was full. i made sure to eat every leaf so that i can justify the money my brother spent. if we had decided on the less expensive tasting, i would have promptly stopped at burger king along the way home.
The food was very gourmet and pretty good and portions are small but I do not think I would go again.  It is a great one time experience and expect to stay for a very long time.  I think we were seated at around 7pm and we ended at close to 11 pm with the last course.  I was more exhausted than impressed.  It's a beautiful restaurant and has great ambiance but I do not think I would be motivated to go again.  It is a very nice setting for maybe a small wedding.  I will say the service is awesome.  They are very attentive and high end for sure.
I ate here twice.  The first night was under the pin lights in a semi-dark room and were given squeeze lights to read the menu.  ????  They have tons of atmosphere.  Unfortunately that was the last night of the great chef who had begun the celebration party a little early.  Our food took forever and was finished poorly.  We asked if there was a problem and we learned the news.  The food was still elegant and tasty and expensive; about $200 a head that night. We returned and liked everything we did that night.  Liked the champagne, wine and food.  It was daylight so we didn't care about not being able to see in the room at night. I'd try lunch on a weekend first.  I think I like that better. Fresh ingredients and great deserts.
Amazing, organic and refreshing. Foods was simple, tasteful and filliing. The chocolate chip cookies are to die for! It's great to go to a farm in the middle of the work day for a quick escape and appetizing dishes.
Hands down the best place for a foodie lunch in Westchester.  Lunch in particular because you get the view of the farm.   The food, service, decor and overall experience is amazing.  If the price scares you off, skip a few mediocre nights out and save up for this, it is well worth it.
If you're looking for a heavy meal, I wouldn't recommend this place, but if you're in search for a great experience then by all means, Blue Hill at Stone Barns is it! The food cannot be fresher and the presentation of all their veggies were immaculate. The opening amuse bouche were adorable and tasty. Their spaghetti squash carbonara was plated with an eggyolk that broke beautifully over the squash and homemade pancetta. It was heavenly and I could have eaten 10 more plates of them. When I went, I sampled the 12 course meal and because they don't provide you with a menu (as their menus change every day depending on what is in season), every course was a surprise. Oh, and the different butters and creme fraiche. Though I must say I wasn't a huge fan on the lard they served with the bread, it was pretty awesome to try! It was quite porky. The price is what you would expect for a restaurant like this. If you go, you should try the beer cocktail. It's pretty darn good!
I went here with my boyfriends family in May of 2011. It is my boyfriends fathers favorite restaurant to this day, and they frequent there as much as they can. We drove from Greenwich, CT and it was so worth it. Gah! I can't even begin to describe it. The farm was just beautiful and everything took my breath away. I had a special martini and it was absolutely amazing, I forget now what was in it, but I remember we went to the store afterwards and got the ingredients to make our own (some of the ingredients were pretty hard to find) and the ones we made at home were still missing that special something. This was one of the best dinners I have ever had the privilege to have in my entire life! It is as good as they say, you will NOT be disappointed! I would love to go back here some day.
Dishes sampled as below:   Keeping it Currant - Cava, Black Currant Leaf, Maraschino, Rhubarb Bitters Grilled Fava Beans with Sea Salt Crudites of carrots, peas, butter lettuce, and greens Pea Soup with Bacon Birch Bark and Buckwheat Cookie filled with Chocolate Yard Mint Cream Sunrise Heirloom Turnip with Soybean and Spring Vegetable Pistou Goat Cheese with Potato Chips with Sage, Purslane, Faro Crackers Egg Lardo with Pimento Pepper Asparagus with Pancetta and Tempura Sesame Fish Balls, Greenhouse Lettuce, Phytoplankton Mayonnaise Beet Yogurt, House Made Grapenuts, House Made Beet Sugar Pork Liver with Chocolate Veal Bone Marrow with Toasted Croutons Green Garden Gazpacho with Strawberries and Blue Hill Yogurt Sorbet Speck with Greens from the Greenhouse on Polenta Flatbread Asparagus, Spring Onions, Purslane with Almond Chorizo Jus, and Almond-Hazelnut-Egg yolk shavings Red Fife Brioche with Cracked Black Pepper and Spinach Marmalade and Freshly Made Ricotta Cheese Horseshoe Lobster in a Spring Vegetable Vinaigrette Composition Grilled Radicchio with Pine Nut Puree and Cherries Crusty Potato Onion Hearth Bread, Carrot and Sage Salts, Lardo from Blue Hill Pigs, Local Grain Fed Butter, Butter from Blue Hill Farms from two different grass fed cows - Normandy and Dutch Lineage Egg Carbonara with Zucchini Noodles and Bacon Poussin Cooked in Salt with Peas and Pistachios Stone Barns Berkshire Pork - Loin, "Secreto" Cuts, and Rhubarb 3 Week Aged Black-Sheep Cheese with Ash (Illinois), Preserved Strawberry / Raw Cow's Milk "Across the Pond" (New York) with a Pickled Sugar Snap Pea / Pretzel Caramelized Cherries, Elderflower Gelee, Blue Hill Farm Milk Ice Cream Strawberries and Cream - Strawberry Roll, Sweet Cream, Balsamic, Green Strawberries Peanut Butter and Chocolate - Sponge Cake, Chocolate Mousse, Peanut Butter Mousse, Milk Powder, Crumbled Dark Chocolate Mignardises - Honey Marshmallows, Milk Jam Lollipops, Cocoa Dollops, Sesame Seed Fudge, Tuilles Kenya Gathambi Roasted at Irving Farm in Millerton NY Of all the meals I'm sorry I did not get around to writing about earlier this is certainly the one I regret most; a magical meal at Dan Barber's Blue Hill at Stone Barns with two friends that began with rain giving way to clear skies, a long drive there and me falling asleep in the car on the way back, and most importantly a culinary education like no other - wandering the grounds of the farm and visiting both the animals and vegetation that make up the majority of your dinner.  Certainly a utopian idea in many ways, though perhaps less so to someone like myself who grew up in the midst of fields filled with both corn and cow, there has been loads written about Barber and his restaurant over the years and although phrases like 'farm to table,' 'nose to tail,' and 'sustainability' are obvious there is also a truly bucolic serenity to the place that cannot really be captured without a visit. Moving past the ideals and the location, both impressive, I will note that before making the hour long trip to The Rockefeller Estate in Pocantico Hills there was some hesitation amongst the others in my group, and perhaps in my own mind as well, about how the meal would turn out as many had suggested in recent years the rise of the Slowfood movement had made the food at Blue Hill somewhat less special while service had slipped but what we found, instead, was quite the opposite. Featuring four menus of various lengths and price points it seemed only rational to go with the longest of those offered - a Farmer's Feast where the diner is presented a list of ingredients and questioned about likes and dislikes before the meal commences - and informed that this meal could often last as long as four hours we assented, emerging from the doors 33 plates, courses, or bites (and 225 minutes) later - almost every single one of them good and the vast majority outstanding (both the cuisine and the moments in between.)  With some notes as above, mostly taken from my jotted notes and distant memories, the food was much like the scene; a true 'experience' to behold with each element composed by Dan Barber and executed flawlessly by his team.  In a world where "Farm to table" is quite en vogue but rarely 'exciting,' Blue Hill at Stone Barns was both and all in all it was my second favorite meal of 2012, a great achievement in a year I'd consider perhaps the best of my life thus far.
Oh. My. Baloney.  Yes. They even make baloney memorable. Oh but it wasn't just the baloney, which was probably the 6th amuse-bouche they served us (and trust me, my bouche was tres amused, there was a party up in there even before our first course ).  It wasn't just the attentive-to-borderline-creepy server we had.  Nor was it just the buxom wholeness of the ingredients.  The whole package was playful, creative, delicious.  Simply, impeccable. I came here in March for my birthday lunch  which happened to be a Sunday.  That's when they offer the lunch tasting menu of 5 courses.  It lasted 8 hours. No just kidding but the experience was one I never wanted to end.   It was just too bad that we visited the farm on a chilly spring afternoon.  I would've loved to pet the calf that sacrificed his life so that I may have the best veal ever. (If you're vegetarian, I'm sorry to offend you. But I really meant that).  There's also a market/bakery where you can grab some goodies in case you want to check out the few trails around the farm. So just go. Now. Reading this just doesn't do any justice to the experience.
Farmer's Feast with wine pairing. Certain dishes would blow me away. Others were very unexciting. The chef definitely used peas as the motif throughout. There are other vegetables in season, yes. There is not much better than farm fresh food, and made gourmet, you really cannot beat it. The application wasn't as great as what I expected. The wine went really well with the meals. The staff was very cordial, very knowledgeable, very professional. ,
This is without a doubt the best restaurant in Westchester. Top notch from food to service to a decor that simply cannot be matched. One of my favorites in the city as well. Everything is farm to table so the ingredients are incredibly fresh- but also very season oriented, so, I could tell you all about the food, but the menu constantly changes so the likelihood of you having the same menu is small. I will, however mention a few standouts over the many times I've been there. At the top of the list would be their ricotta souffle- so incredibly light it was like biting into a cloud. Another memorable dish was the foie gras consumé - just perfection in a bowl. Even an amuse bouche of there's makes my all time favorite list - it was a roasted mini beet burger - so good we asked for seconds... and got 'em. Love the waiters here. Two other honorable mentions in meals past, the pumpkin gnocci - sounds heavy, but was much lighter than you'd expect and SOO good. And last but not least, a staple there, and perhaps the one dish they always seem to have, their salad with the farm fresh egg on top. The egg is so fresh it's like you're eating it right out of the hen's ass. Okay, that doesn't very appetizing, but I promise you'll love it. Like you've never truly tasted eggs until now.
Was with a party of 8 for an 8:30pm reservation on a thursday night. The food was simply the best meal I've ever had. We all had the 5-course meal and shared many bottles of wine as well as trying a few different drinks from the bar. Amazing. I had a peach and basil margarita. BEST ever. The variety was amazing, the presentation AND choreography of the waitstaff and the service of the meal was IMPECCABLE.   If you have the money. GO!  If you don't have the money, SAVE IT AND THEN GO!  AMAZING!
Awesome! I would say this is one of the best restaurants that I ever had! The food is soooo yummy and fresh! and the service is really good! The best part of the Blue Hill at Stone Barns is you could get out of NYC and enjoying the fresh air and the beautiful scene. Love it!
I wish I could give this place more stars! This may be the best meal I have ever had.  I cook a lot and go out of my way to grow what I can and buy local farmers market ingredients. This place was beyond anything I could have imagined. My fiancée and I had the 8 course menu and it was worth every penny. Everything here is amazing - the food, the ambiance, the service! We also asked the sommelier for a wine suggestion because we know little about wine and were faced with a huge wine list. We picked an affordable bottle, and after he went to the back to check for it he came out to tell us that the bottle we selected was no longer available but he had another one which was similar (more expensive) but they gave it to us for the same price as the bottle we had selected...and it was absolutely fantastic, just what we wanted. The food was so worth every penny. The dishes are small yes but there are so many dishes and so much variety. First off we had at least 8 amuse bouche before our first real course. We went in feb which I was a little concerned about because I didnt know what the winter menu would be like but it did not dissapoint...from what I can remember here was what we had: amuse bouche: -smoked kale chips -beet sliders -beet gazpacho shooter with horseradish sorbet -little fresh veggies -house made canadian bacon there was more but I cant remember all of it courses: -salad from the greenhouse with olive tapenade, ham and eggs, and relish -this mornings egg (best egg I ever had) -fish balls with fitoplankton mayo -brioche made with heirloom grains and served with fresh ricotta cheese and herb marmalade (sounds simple but it was amazing and my favorite dish of the night) -fried pig ear with polenta (the only dish I didnt absolutley love) -Beef tenderloin with beef heart and winter veggies -Yogurt gelato with granny smith apples and cellery (perfect first desert after having so much food) -chocolate brioche with maple ice cream -vanilla milkshake with hazelnut cookie When I described the meal to my dad and his friends they all thought it would have cost more than it did, its totally worth it, I dont know why some people are complaining about the price...for what you get its really fantastic. This place is more than a restaurant its an experience.
I went to dinner for my mother in law's birthday and had the most mind blowing culinary experience. We got the 8 course tasting menu. At first I was worried that the practically bite sized portions wouldn't be enough to fill me up but by the end of the meal I could barely stuff down the tiny milk shake they gave us for one last hooray. The food servers were intentionally synchronized when delivering each course and it was really cool to watch. Overall an amazing experience that was worth every penny.
Wait they don't have 6 stars?  This was the best most mind boggling amazing dinner of my life.  I could write a book singing the praises of this place.  And. by the way. if you walk out thinking "I paid a ton of money for just some veggies", you've miss the point entirely and shouldn't EVER eat at places like this. Thank you Chef Dan and Concierge Robert for a night I (and my fiance) will NEVER forget!
Simply great food tastes for that special foodie in your life. Exceptional service, from an obviously well trained staff. Although some course consisted of just two bites. They are bites I will savor for some time. The fresh vegetable course was interesting but the liver pate with chocolate shaving stole my heart. Well worth the wait.
Long lines, eh-sandwiches and soup for very expensive prices. A homemade bologna sandwich is $6.50 and it looks like half a sandwich. I would eat outside for lunch first and then come here for a good snack. Their almond croissants, current scones and chocolate chip cookies are delicious! Also, the honey and jams are found in the cafe not at the visitor center/store. They also run out of stuff quickly. We were looking forward to trying the frittata but they were sold out when we finally got to the counter. They even sold out of bottled water.
Came here for my 4th wedding anniversary with wifey.  It was definitely a unique experience.  I don't think i've ever experience a place that devoted so much time and effort is providing excellent service.  All of our wait staff were on their A game...very impressive.   The food was mostly vegetable based and it almost makes you not miss the meat(did I just say that?)  its just that good.  There were a number of meat and seafood courses as well that were perfect.  Everything was fresh, fresh fresh. My only issue was 2 of the 3 signature cocktails I had were very liquorishy and not to my taste.  Usually I stick to scotch on the rocks but saw the drink reviews and had to give it a shot.  Think i'll stick to what I know works best next time.   Overall, the experience was great and unlike anything I've ever done before.  This place is pricey though.  Expect to spend about $300 a person for dinner.
Pretty cost-effective for the amount of food given (in terms of upscale dining). Great appetizers, amuse-bouches, wine -- larger courses too simple. Interesting dishes (ex: heart & tongue) but no garnishes or sauces....which is the point, but makes for a rather simple taste.
i have been here three times. This is truly the most important restaurant in the US. The service and knowledge from the staff is amazing. The ambiance is awesome, the food is local, fresh and presented perfectly. A little expensive but at a comfotabe level. All restaurants, big and small can take many ideas from this place, especially custmer service. It's a must. no matter what biz u r in.
We finally made it to Stone Barns after making reservations two months in advance.  We were extremely excited about the experience to come especially after reading all the great reviews in Yelp.  Unfortunately, my party (two couples) were disappointed with the selection of food and more importantly were not wowed by the taste and basic flavors of the dining experience.   We had the eight course tasting menu which consisted of four vegetable dishes, a fish dish, a pork disk and 2 desserts. The vegetable dishes were very fresh (and grown on premises) but the flavors were subdued and one dimensional.  Even the pork and fish dishes were unremarkable.  I was expecting a flavor and texture explosion on par with the hype I read but I was left saying the emperor has no clothes.  Yes, the preparation and service were first class, but this was not the main reason we made the reservations. On the positive side, the service was impeccable.  I was relaxed and totally comfortable as soon as I walked in and seated in the waiting area to the point that we left and our jackets and car were waiting without having to utter a word to the maitre'd. On a scale of 1 to 5, I give Stone Barns an overall score of 3 (5:service,  4:atmosphere, 3:food, creativity:3, value:1).
Near perfect. Sometimes its nice to dress up and go somewhere where the lighting is perfect, servers know what they are doing, and the homemade yogurt in the salad is freaking delicious. The 12 course was a bit much, and 3/4 of the courses were misses.... but overall, a great experience. The caviar and marrow was something else.
The most incredible, interesting culinary experience I have ever had. I've had expensive pre fixe menus before...at Ramsay's in London or Del Posto here in NYC, but Blue Hill was so over the top, creative, fresh, and playful...it does not compare. One of my favorite things was this fresh farm made ricotta cheese with warm brioche...it sounds so simple but was so divine. I don't want to give too much away..I seriously recommend taking the trip from wherever you are from to experience this! Your dollars will not be wasted. Next time I go I will be sure to tour the farm too. I'm hooked!
This has got to be the most amazing dining experience I have ever had.  From the food to the wine, the service to the ambiance, everything was amazing. My fiancee and I looked at this place for a potential wedding venue.  After ruling it out, we vowed that we'd come back to eat dinner here after all of the acclaim we read regarding the food at Stone Barns.  So we made it back for her birthday. The night began with a beautiful drive in through their pastures and past their growing areas, which in late April, had many little plants sprouting up.  We arrived and my car was valeted for free.  We walked around a little outside to get some fresh air and then made our way into the dining area.  We were seated immediately and attended to by several different members of the staff.  Our waitress who was very personable, explained how the menu worked - that you select a certain amount of courses and the chef creates a "farmer's feast" for you based on the daily harvest.  We opted for the 8 courses, feeling that 5 wouldn't give us the variety we were hoping for, and that 12 seemed like all of the courses would be so small, they would be difficult to taste. Our waitress explained that our evening would start with a number of smaller portions that we were supposed to eat with our foods.  These included vichyssoise in cubes with onion flakes, vegetables from the garden (presented on a piece of wood with spikes), delicate little tree bark, chocolate and mint whoopie pies (that tasted kind of like bark and cream), and a beet yogurt with grapenuts and beet sugar.  By this point already, I was amazed by what the chefs could do with such simple vegetables.  All of the vegetables, if not accompanied by a sauce, seemed to be covered in a light, lemon-y sauce that brought out the vegetables natural taste very well. Next was one of the most interestingly presented items - lettuce, tarragon flowers, pansies, and proscuitto mounted on a spiky plate such that the lettuce head stood up.  It was presented with an accompanying sauce that was bright green and yellow that I sadly can't remember was made with - all I remember is that it was awesome.  O, and to take the lettuce head apart, you were given rustic pruning shears. Other small bites included beet burgers/sliders (that had the umami taste of tender beef and the consistency of pulled pork), celery root sushi (that was slightly salty with phenomenal rice), and (the most surprising of all combinations during the meal) liver and chocolate - weird to think about, awesome to taste. Next we had a dish of broccoli rabe with crab meat and a almond and cabbage sauce.  Crab was salty, but I think the intent was that it reminded you it came from the ocean and not from the land.  Next we had a whole grain toasted bread with warm ricotta cheese, swiss chard, and black pepper (the bread was small but came in a thick slice and was the color of corn bread - was so buttery and when combined with the ricotta and swiss chard, was a sweet and savory sensation that would be difficult to reinvent).   The next course was absolutely my favorite.  It was a poached egg with small potatoes and potato foam.  I honestly never had eaten a poached egg before, and after eating this one, I'm not sure any others will stand up to it.  The eggs were so rich, and when combined with the potatoes evoked a feeling of a farmer's breakfast.  While the dish was devoid of any cheese, I could swear that it had the consistency and taste of what I imagine the best cheesy omelette to be.  This was served with a crusty onion bread with lard (which was quite sour), butter, and carrot and beet salts. As we moved towards the more substantial part of the meal, we were served a noodle dish that reminded me of lo mein.  If you looked closely at the pasta, you could see that it was twisted - such a cool detail to enhance the texture.  The kicker with this dish - the server grated cured immature egg over it (look it up, perhaps the most interesting way I have ever been served eggs). The final savory course was a sausage plate made from their berkshire pigs.  It included a red sausage, a tenderloin, either a bratwurst or knockwurst with mustard, blood sausage, and pork belly.  Imagine the best sausage or pork you've ever had.  Then imagine it being more savory and more intense - thats what this was. After this, we were pretty full.  We were offered a cheese plate but declined.  To follow the sausage, we received a lemon and mint yogurt with frozen apple crumbled underneath it - it was the perfect palate cleanser.  This was followed by a candied apple (and cumin?) desert with a light strawberry spread.  The apples were stacked and were nothing less than heavenly.  When we though we had reached our 8 courses, the meal was capped off by 5 different types of chocolate (10 total, 5 for each of us) served on a piece of tree bark - they were all good, and this is when we knew that our Stone Barns experience had come to a close.
This is such a different experience to anything I have previously experienced. We went for the full 12 courses with wine pairing.  The way I summarized it is, there was not one dish, which was the best I have ever had, but the experience, taste and visual sensations were so unique.  The only comparable place in the US I have been to is Alinea in Chicago. The menu is very fresh and with a lot of vegetarian dishes, I normally base meals around meat, but this was great. I see below some people uncomfortable with the time, but I loved that aspect.  We did the insiders trip in the day, then came back in the evening.  Cocktails outside were great, then the meal experience begun.  Left about 2AM... great time!
It is safe to say that our meal at Blue HIll the other weekend was an unforgettable meal and experience from start to finish. For me, it was really the entire experience that made this unforgettable. Yes the food was fantastic and inventive but it was the whole package...the beauty the farm, stunning converted barn into a restaurant, the impeccable service from walking in, to having our car waiting warm for us outside and of course the courses and courses of fresh, inventive, and delicious food. Having grown up one town over, you could imagine my excitement when my parents called the night before a visit to let me know that they made special plans to take my boyfriend and I to Blue HIll. Great surprise! I've had many a glasses of wine by the fire in the bar area and have always wanted to have dinner inside and thankfully I was not let down. From the second we pulled onto the farm, I was impressed. The service was just top notch from start to finish. There were 4 of us and we decided to try out the 8 course tasting menu. Thankfully we stopped there because there was no way we had room for 12 courses. You are served the eight courses but many additional ones before and in between that were equally wonderful. Now onto the food: Assorted veggies with stems on already dressed- clearly picked out of the garden that day Pickled Asparagus with steam egged yolk to dunk- delicious and unique Pea shoots, still planted with clippers to use and then dunked the pea shoots in a vinaigrette- this was so cleaver and unique. I loved that it made the experience interactive. Some sort of savory peach whoppie pie - so different and great Beet yogurt with house made grape nuts- my boyfriend loved this despite not "liking" any of the things it was made of :) Lamb tartar in a walnut shell- I just loved these flavors together Smoked Kale and Farro Chips with cured duck- the cured duck was amazing. Like nothing I've had before. Beet burger- tasty Pork liver and chocolate wafer sandwich copa and polenta Flatbread- i wish they sold that copa Bone marrow with cavier- decadent and delicious with a wonderful presentation Shrimp and pickled mussel tacos- taco shell was a radish slice- this wasn't my favorite but it was very inventive and playful Charred bread with some sort of green sauce and house made ricotta- I may never be able to forget this ricotta ever again. Wow. It was warm, fresh and the best I've ever had. Grilled cabage and speck- a classic dish done to perfection Pillet egg with celery root risotto and squid ink- this might have been my favorite. The flavors were rich and cozy but unique. Like nothing I've ever tried before. Pork belly, jowl, loin with chick peas and tarragon-delicious and rich Vension loin and heart with brussel sprouts and baby carrots.-incredibly tender vension which can generally be tough. Wonderfully done. We did have two desserts but after all the courses above, I could barely eat more and don't remember loving them. Honestly, it doesn't even matter. By dessert I was sold on the wonder of Blue Hill. As we finished up and prepared to leave, four people waited with our coats in hand and escorted us to our warmed up car our front. It was the cherry on top of a great and unforgettable evening!
What occurred to me at one point during my meal is that what sets Blue Hill apart is something contrary to both our times and the way most restaurants tend to lean: they are moving backward.  Not at all cutting edge or nuanced, the food at Blue Hill - from the sweet cream butter, to the fresh carrots with stems in place, to the brussel sprout leaves that are the greenest I've ever seen - is a love letter to things long since past and the way food once tasted in this country.  While grateful for how wonderful his food is, one cannot help but feel a pang of remorse for this bygone era, a time when the ingredients that are so often available to Mr. Barber now were once ubiquitous to everyone.  I applaud Barber for his nostalgia and, with tongue in cheek, his ability to capitalize on it. For its freshness, serenity, service, style and, perhaps above all else, its commitment to sustainability and the diner alike, Blue Hill at Stone Barns is by far the best restaurant in New York, which makes it one of the best in the country.
I had my graduation dinner at Blue Hill @ Stone Barns. My entire family still talks about the food & the experience.   Go early to take a tour of the farm, definitely order the Farmer's Feast, & try the distilled liquors.   The wait staff is excellent & very attentive. It's a wonderful place for a special occasion or for a special date.  I would even consider getting married at Blue Hill. You must make reservations months in advance & be prepared for a long evening :)
Blue Hill is a shrine to food.  Everything is deliciously, meticulously, artfully prepared and made from the freshest ingredients.  My husband and  I give no restrictions on what we can eat and have never been disappointed with the offerings.   The crudites (which are not even one of the courses) are fun especially the "burger" of the day.  Then comes a salad, but not like anything you've probably ever had before.  In summer strawberries might be mixed with baby lettuces with a smear of yogurt.  Or you might get a platter of perfectly ripe tomatoes.  The egg course from the hens that lay their eggs a few hundred feet from the restaurant can be prepared with some thinly sliced speck (a type of ham) made from the pigs also on the property.  Then comes a fish course (some of the best I've ever had; always fresh and unusual) and the meat course (usually pork or lamb, sometimes beef).  Dessert is generally fruit, but prepared in a unique way.  Great home made bread and butter with separate specialty salts is served somewhere in between all these courses. The service is a bit stiff and the wine list is pricey, but the food and the presentation more than make up for any shortcomings.
$300 price tag per person for the 'Grazing, Pecking, Rooting' option, and that's without ordering any drinks from the bar.  97% consisted of raw vegetables from their farm & a thin slice of venison the size of my middle & pointer finger together, spread over a 4hr dinner.  wtf indeed.  Tasty vittles, but I prefer something more substantial. Absolutely impeccable service though and they know how to create an experience, rather than just a meal.  It was a great time with friends; unfortunately for my wallet, they are high roller foodies.
If I could eat here every day, I would. This is the place I recommend to anyone seeking a great, unique eating experience. We came here for my birthday last year. We couldn't get Friday or Saturday evening reservations - I called too late - but I was able to get a Sunday afternoon seating time and it worked out even better. The person who handled my reservation explained that it would be even more relaxed (had I gone the Saturday, I would have encountered Senator Hillary Clinton and her bodyguards; instead, I faced only Martha Stewart in casual garb). We got here early and walked the grounds. It's open to the public, for a nominal fee I believe. A lot of kids watching the animals and people hiking the trails. When we got to the restaurant, it was half empty and quiet. It remained quiet despite filling up slowly. We had the 8 course meal but really it felt like 20. There were so many small dishes in the beginning, ranging from raw vegetables, to an egg dish, to a cheese/bread dish. Because it was over a year ago, I cannot remember it all (though I did take notes in the book they provide, I misplaced it) but I remember we had an exceptional turkey dish. There was also an amazing blueberry crumble with ice cream. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Really the main takeaway was everything was fresh and tasted like...real food. Nothing greasy or oily to distract from the flavor. Even our resident vegetarian was satisfied, which is normally not the case when we try the tasting menu at a restaurant. All in all, wonderful food, bolstered by a beautiful environment. I can't say enough good things.
After two debates with a friend who thinks that this is one of the great restaurants of the world, I have come to the simple conclusion that Blue Hill is just not for everyone. And, I guess it's just not for me. Could be I'm just too "meat and potatoes" to appreciate the subtleties. The setting is fabulous and the service is flawless. If the food were half as good, Blue Hill would rate five stars. But it's like the emperor without any clothes. All style and no substance. I had eight courses and nothing to eat. The best thing served to me was the bread course presented in the middle of the meal. I tasted the world's smallest vegetables and cut my own greens from a miniature flower pot. I tasted dried vegetables and had a salad presented one leaf at a time. And then came dinner. Cod, duck and pork, All were served in miniature portions one taste at a time. Sounds great? Well, it wasn't. I kept waiting for the one ethereal moment, but the moment never came. Perhaps I don't appreciate that the greens were grown in the backyard, that the butter came from the cows across the street, and that the pork came from a pig hand raised nearby. I kept waiting for the moment and it just didn't come. Bottom line is this. If you like dainty, three hour meals, that cost almost $500 (for two) without alcohol, then Blue Hill could be the place for you - but it certainly wasn't the place for me.
The view, the asparagus and white bean salad, the corn cookies and palmiers, the housemade bologna.... Do NOT miss this gem!
Just wanted to add: they forgot it was my birthday on our trip, so they actually snail mailed us a package! We got a shirt, mug, big jar of honey, and granola. :) Now THAT'S amazing service.
Went back after 2yrs plus and this place is still fantastic!  Both the venison and trout courses we had (which is not something I would normally order) were delicious. Still highly recommend!
There's no doubt in my mind that Blue Hill @ Stone Barns is fully capable of epic and exciting meals...I just happened not to get one this time.  Dan Barber is someone for whom I have a profound respect, both in his pioneering of this latest farm-to-table movement, as well as his creations in the kitchen.  His passion and activism for food is well-known.  If you can spare 20 minutes...he's also a fantastic story teller:  youtube.com/watch?v=nZY-… All that aside though, if I had to guess as to what might've been the barrier to us having a wonderful meal is all comes down to one question:  "What are your food preferences?"  If you want the full story on that, just read Spiff e.'s review...she breaks it down quite well. In complete contrast to the meal itself though, the chef for the evening, Josh, was an indulgent and enthusiastic host and exceeded any expectation.  He kindly took us on an impromptu tour of their vast playground. Seriously, of all the fine dining kitchens I've seen...this one has got to be the largest relative to the number of tables in the dining room.  He acknowledged the fact that he was fortunate to be working in a place far removed from the cramped and sweaty kitchens that most cooks live in.  Moving on, we took a short walk outside to the wine cave where we also took in the primal smells of the charcuterie walk-in.  Beautiful salumi hung from everywhere, and salt boxes with things like lardo and guanciale were stacked on top of each other.  We talked all about his preferences for pork breeds and why they chose to serve Berks at the restaurant.  Yep!  All of this was crack-cocaine to a guy like me...  So thank you Josh! And while the "customized meal" concept itself might have been the immediate issue, I'd suggest that there's an even larger influence in the overall Blue Hill experience...money, or more specifically, an overabundance of resources.  Even before peeking at the kitchen, just arriving on the grounds made me think Blue Hill was "Food University."  It is an amazing and certainly elegant estate.  Having been to other so-called meccas of cuisine, and having a little knowledge of the gargantuan effort that it takes to build them, I was truly taken aback by everything at Stone Barns.  How did Dan manage to do it?  I knew he had done well with Blue Hill in Greenwich Village, but at the time of Stone Barn's opening...the other restaurant had only been four years old.  After digging around a bit I discovered that Dan had found a very generous patron in one of his regular guests at the original Blue Hill...(here's a hint:  rhymes with Mavid Lockefeller).  And while the generous gift of Stone Barns has done wonders for the cause of sustainable farming and eating, when it comes down to the cooking, having such luxurious facilities somewhat hinders culinary achievement.  As a simple example...think about great dishes borne out of poverty (feijoada, empanadas, the sausage, etc.)  Often when people are faced with limited resources, over time they learn to create beautiful meals with what little they have.  Even at the French Laundry, Thomas Keller used to fear getting burned by the oven while doing the books in the tiny kitchen at the restaurant's opening. Don't get me wrong though, the advocacy and educational work that Dan does may end up being a far more important legacy than any food that he cooks...but all I'm suggesting is that there is a certain amount of untapped passion still to be found in Dan's food and in his cooks...I hope to return one day to see it realized.
My TOP3 Tasting Menus ever, next to L'Atlier, Degustation. I'll let it speak for itself. GO. NOW. THE HISTORY: Owned by David Rockefeller, 94, this farm was dedicated to his late wife, Peggy. Stone Barns Center is a non-profit and Dan Barber is renting the space for his resty for his passion to sustainable produce and meats. 4 day old geese just hatched and they are making way for foie gras. As foie means force feeding geese, their workaround is making all the figs and olives omnipresent and hopefully the geese force feed themselves. We were given a tour of the kitchen and the premises, incl the Silo and the Hay Barn. Space for 64 is avail for rent for pvt parties, as well as room for 260 but they would have to shut the resty down due to staffing. THE TIMING: -They take OpenTable reservations. I got lucky and booked 8 for my food meetup. -It takes 51min from Manhattan (minus the 'scenic route' if you get lost) -The Cafe (give this 30min if u eat) closes at 4:30pm - macaroons, farm fresh eggs (12/$5), bottled drinks, outsourced gourmet oils, house made preserves, brownies, etc -The Gift Shop (give this 15min) gear, compost, cutesy kitchen equipment, food related board games, but nothing noteworthy -The Farmers Market (opens May1) -The guided tours ($10/ea) are usually at 11am (Insider's Tour), 12pm (Livestock Tour), and 2pm (Greenhouse Tour). They are 1hr each. Unless your dinner is right after, you will be bored for a few hours afterwards, so plan for that. THE GREENHOUSE (give this 30min): Many varieties of thyme, lettuce, chard, mint, you name it, they have it. The green house encompasses 22,000sqft and is a full half acre. Nothing moving here, 'cept a couple of floppy eared brown rabbits in cages. THE LIVESTOCK (give this 1hr): We saw black pigs, black piglets, Rhode Island  red hens, sheep, turkeys. My friend took a video of one of the pigs peeing like a racehorse. Classic. We got lucky as 12 new piglets were newborns and were oh so cute. They were also oh so smelly. A fluffy white dog shepherds the sheep. Animals live under a steel concave shed. Electric fences surround the animals and will zap you! THE BAR AREA: You can opt to sit at the bar sans resys if you are a walk in. Cocktails were $14 and beers were $10. Some had the Elderberry infused sparkling wine. THE MENU: The menu is dated daily. On the left were the farm fresh ingredients for THE DAY. To the right were the available dining options. Since May 2008, Dan Barber has changed the menu and removed the a la carte dining option. The entire table must have the same number of courses. FARMERS FEAST/125 (give this 4hrs) wine pairing/+$95 FIVE COURSE/95 wine pairing/+65 CHEESE COURSE/16 wine pairing/+15 FARMERS FEAST DINNER ($125/8 COURSES) AMUSE: -Chips - served upright 2 ways between a needle holder, farro chip was thin and rectangular, yukon gold potato chip was lightly sea salted -Baby carrots on stem, cauliflower - cauliflower was vinegared -Beet burgers - 1" buns -Sea trout tempura lollipops - served on bamboo skewer -Parsnip soup shot -Charcuterie (copa, speck, beef salami, fennel sausage) - beef salami was the standout -Potato onion bread (w/ butter, ricotta, beet salt, arugula salt) - salts were genius, BEST BUTTER I've ever had, they get their dairy straight from Dan's gma's farm Blue Hill @ the Berkshires! -Bone marrow (w/ caviar) FARMER'S FEAST: -Spanish Mackarel sashimi (w/ lettuce and dandelion vinaig.) - not briny at all, 3 chunks -Beets (w/ mache, yogurt, pine nut butter, maple gelee) - yogurt was genius -Rhode Island farm fresh daily egg (in speck, ramp marmalade w/ pine nuts) - they say the smaller eggs are from the 1st lay and taste better, pine nut flavor was bursting in this! -Goose egg pasta (w/ black trumpet shrooms, shaved embryonic egg) - yolky, they physically go into and take the embryonic egg from a recently retired (slaughtered) chicken and cure it, it's pricked onto a needle holder then shaved upside down over your pasta -Berkshire pork belly (w/ chickpeas, rappini) - small sliver but damn tasty -Lamb neck (w/ swiss chard, parsnip puree, ramps) - the star of the show -Passionfruit gelee on meyer lemon rind, yogurt sorbet and foam, choco bits) [palate cleanser] - takes 48hrs for the lemon rind to be edible -Beet w/ chocolate cake, espresso sorbet - half of the table had this [Pineapple cake w/ formage blanc ice cream and heirloom greens - half of the table had this, i tried this] -Gin (sorbet) and tonic (gelee) w/ buddha's hand - buddha's hand tastes like orange zest -Espresso stick, bourbon chocolate, marshmallow [petit fours] - aka a deconstructed s'more THE SERVICE: was like a symphony, as plates were placed down in synch, water refilled promptly, and staff was EXTREMELY knowledgeable. Even the sommelier was answering questions about the color of the chickens' eggs. Total came out to $160/pp after everything Pics to follow...
blue hill at stone barns is a tricky one to rate. see, 5 stars is for any place i can't wait to go back to. and 4 stars would be for a place that falls just short of that, but that i still enjoyed. while i did enjoy my meal and experience at blue hill, and i was already anticipating my return midway through my meal, it was a qualified anticipation. did that make sense? see, the dishes themselves were quite good. i most clearly remember the baby root vegetables from their greenhouse garden, speared on a bed of nails, and lightly dressed with olive oil and salt. and the totem pole of veggie chips. and the mini beet burgers. yea, the veggies were the highlight for me. and the non-veggie parts didn't leave quite the same impression on me. they were nice but not outstanding. we kept looking over at other tables and feeling like we were missing out because we weren't being given what they were being served. how'd this happen? well, you have an option of ordering a three/four-couse meal by mixing and matching from two pages of seasonal selections, or ordering the "farmer's feast," which was described as a larger meal, custom-designed for each diner based on our preferences. well, that sounded like a winner. except the way they went about determining our preferences was rather inadequate. instinctively, we just stated what we didn't want to eat. and throughout our meal, we joked about all sorts of ways we could have responded and seriously thought about what would be an appropriate way of communicating our tastes. it's just a funky system, which resulted in a meal that, while good, just didn't feel tailored at all. so i'd definitely go back, but only after putting together a one-pager of my food preferences, perhaps with pictures and diagrams. and oh, they get bonus points for having ridiculously awesome brand identity (business cards, maps, matchboxes, menus, coasters, gift certificates ... ) and more bonus points for chef de cuisine josh lawyer being nice enough to give us a quick tour of the kitchen, wine cellar and annex of freezers.
I've been lucky enough to experience Blue Hill @ Stone Barns (BHSB) twice and both experiences have been nothing shy of exquisite. BHSB I will officially label as the 2nd best dining experience all inclusive, overall, that I've ever had. This of course is second to, Chef Thomas Keller's, Per Se. BHSB's magnificent execution from food to service which takes place in an overly yet tastefully dramatic dining room housing a center table with a collection of inconsistent vases in terms of height boasting exuberantly tall flowers which all come together in an unsurpassed mosaic. This restaurant is like none other, set in a location like none other and brings you to culinary bliss like none other. Remember folks, YMMV at BHSB since they don't technically have a menu and Chef Barber caters to every single dining guest individually. It's true, believe me, I've been in his kitchen and he's shown me every single diner in the entire restaurant along with the table they're sitting at and each course that's being served. As the diner gets served, he crosses off that item/course with a black sharpie...this is the way he does it, day in, day out. So it's Valentine's Day weekend and it's probably one of the best places to bring your Valentine and that's what I did. They were featuring a special Valentine's Day menu which was an 8 course set menu based off of their typical farmer's feast but altered for V-day @ a cool $195 per person. Typically their Farmer's feasts are 5 or 8 courses at $105 and $135 respectively. They also have a Sunday only Farmer's lunch for $85 which I haven't been able to experience but it is next on my list to do, perhaps this summer. Taking my date here for the evening reminded me of doing dinner in Hollywood...everyone at BHSB was dressed to impress this evening and so were we :) And impress we did!!! :) Per Se and BHSB in my opinion, both deserve 5+ stars however Yelp won't allow such a thing. Nor will they allow half stars. UGH! I'm basing my foodstuffs off of my most recent visit on Saturday night and I'll try to remember as much as I can, so here goes: Fermented Grape Juice: + Fritz Haag 'Brauneberger Juffer Sonnenuhr' Auslese. The lady and I wanted something sweet, a bit sweeter than normal for how we like our Rieslings and this was spot on. It was sweet, smooth, flavorful and buttery. Perfect recommendation from the Sommelier. Foodstuffs (of what I can remember): + Amuse Buches. Started off with paper thin crisps made from a potato served with 3 sides and paired with a liquid sensation comprised of grapefruit and pomegranate. + Soybean. Soybeans served in a mushroom broth with caviar and roasted root veggies. This was awesome! + Eggs. This morning's egg, served cooked in the shell (awesome) and served with mushroom pate, leeks, salt&pepper and pea puree. YUM. + Cod with roasted farm veggies. The cod was small, buttery, soft, bite sized, firm on the outside and soft on the inside. Was incredibly flavorful and fantastic. + Scallops. Butterflied, soft yet firm, buttery, smooth done with dill and cumin? There was definitely an Indian hint to it...we were a fan. + CARBS. YES - there was a course dedicated to BREAD!!! HAHAHHA! this was awesome!!!!! Butter from the farm served with extremely warm potato bread filled with caramelized onions. omg. I went to TOWN on 4 baskets of this... + Caramel Brittle with chocolate done 5 ways. I died. + Ricotta sorbet with cucumber and celery. Say WHAT?! cucumber and celery in a dessert? HELL YEAH! It was divine...talk about being creative! + Chocolate kisses. Little pieces of chocolate that just ended the night perfectly. Sorry, I can't remember some of the other courses...As I mentioned earlier, the overall experience was phenomenal but not as stellar as the first time. It was obviously packed for V-day and the dining team were running around at 100mph+ the entire evening. We were constantly getting interrupted and felt a bit rushed with the first 3 courses but I rectified that situation. Finally at around 1130pm, the dining room quieted down a bit and thus the service was more refined and efficient. They sent us home with an entire loaf of fruit nut bread compliments of BHSB and a huge canvas bag of their granola along with sides. How nice!! If you can find a way to get to Blue Hill, DO IT. THIS has been a review by Gaurav
The food is really great and for the most part the waitstaff is knowledgeable and kind.  I had been several times with friends which would explain why we weren't in the computer, however.... Well, I have to add my complaint.  When I made the booking, the woman I spoke with insisted my husband would have to wear a coat and tie, that Blue Hill was "formal but casual" -- What does that mean?  Then, the day before our reservation, she called me three times in an hour to confirm my reservation.  I kept telling her "you just called me" but somehow she or the computer kept forgetting that I had just confirmed this reservation.  Well we arrived there the next day and every man, except one, was not wearing a coat and tie and the only other man was just wearing a sport jacket.  All the other men were far more than casual - one was even wearing a bowling shirt.  I had dressed up also.  We were mortified.  At least my husband was able to take off his jacket and tie but I was left dressed in a cocktail dress that I wouldn't have worn in this very casual restaurant had the woman been honest. Then, the waitstaff decided we should both be seated on the same side looking out towards the room instead of across from each other.  No other couple was seated that way. To top off this unfortunate meal, two of the male staff decided it was appropriate to make fun of me and the way I was dressed.  How do I know this?  Since my mother was deaf, I learned to read lips with her.  The one male staff member said to the James Carville doppelganger don't look up quickly, but the fat woman in the corner is falling out of her dress.  Well, I had a baby two weeks ago and yes, I had major cleavage and hadn't lost my baby weight (only celebrities lose weight that fast), but to do that in an obvious way in the middle of restaurant -- so that I couldn't ignore it.  I will never go to that restaurant again.
**This is a 4.5 star review.** I came very close to giving this place 5 stars. I used to be a 5-star slut but I've quickly realized my misguided casual tendencies. Now I will only reserve 5 stars for impeccable and flawless execution in service, presentation, and taste. Must try the strawberry sangria!!! I couldn't really taste the alcohol and the infused strawberry flavor was just perfect. I could drink a whole pitcher of this stuff by myself. Best sangria I've ever had. The service was fantastic. The best part of it was when the servers orchestrate putting the dishes down at the same time - it's like they're dancing around you - weird to see it for the first time and then you realize that you will be disappointed with other restaurants' service for the rest of your life. All the waiters/waitresses/captains were very knowledgeable about the organic ingredients. I got the $135 8-course tasting menu (6 main and 2 desserts with a couple complimentary tastings thrown in). The other option was the $105 5-course tasting menu with 4 savory dishes and 1 dessert. Don't let all those ingredients listed on the left side of the menu fool you -- part of those ingredients are repeated around 3/4 of the way down the page (I know this because I read through all of those ingredients). Red fife was the featured grain of the night. I learned more than I would ever care to know about such a grain. The meal (I requested pork to be taken out): Amuse bouche - lemony liquid with sweet cecily - blase Fresh vegetables from the farm: Baby daikon (looked like jalapeno peppers) - a surprise of taste. Easter egg radish - spicy. Purple snow peas - fresh. Asparagus wrapped in sesame (without pancetta) on a stick - pretty savory. Mine came out on its own little cube and I thought I was special for about 30 seconds before I realized that this was the first course where the kitchen substituted something else for the pork.   Thinly sliced brajole (beef) - tasted like cured meat. Nothing special. Red fife cracker with fresh ricotta cheese from the Berkshire's (carefully drained in front of you) - the ricotta cheese tasted like a mild mozzarella and was def one of the best dishes of the night A slice of homemade red fife bread with a green spinach spread and freshly ground pepper on the side - the BEST dish of the night Salad with yogurt foam - nice complementary blend of sweet with fresh greens Maine lobster with curried spring vegetables - the lobster was absolutely delicious and the little black currants were a nice surprise in the curry sauce Fresh lightly poached egg in a soupy sauce made from mint peas and pistachios Gnocchi (substituted for the Berkshire pork belly and cheek) - I thoroughly enjoyed my dish as I hardly tasted any potato Goat with sliced zucchini and ricotta on the side - the goat was very tender while the vegetables were ok Strawberry granita in elderflower honey - I really loved the refreshing taste of the granita as a penultimate dish Raspberries on top of some of cream and caramel-like sauce - decent Palate cleanser - Flaxseed clusters with cherries - the flaxseed clusters were fairly good and cherries are always a nice touch I'm coming back for the "humane" foie gras. I don't think I've ever heard of geese naturally force feeding themselves so this should be interesting to see. Supposedly this restaurant is adopting a process of cultivating foie gras from some organic Spanish farm that even PETA could be proud of.
Been here a few times. Never ceases to amaze. A great serious foodie restaurant. Real "farm to table" experience! Pricey but definitely worth it.
I was very excited when I heard there was a farm-to-table place close to my sister.  We decided to venture out there even though it was a rainy Friday.  The long driveway lend us into a maze area with a large farm house looking building.  The cafe was tucked in a corner.  The choices were limited but all looked appetizing.  We ordered a few desserts and appetizer type breads along with soup.  Everything tasted fresh and wholesome.  The cafe was a also a mini gift shop where you could purchase honey, and other specialty items.  Upon leaving the cafe we stumbled upon a cute gift shop on the way out.  Here you can get t-shirts, housewares and cute little stuffed animals.  I would like to try the actual restaurant someday but I was pleased with my quick trip this time around.
Summary: While pricey and somewhat food-trendy, this farm-to-table service is a once in a lifetime experience. Background:  I've heard it called the old French Laundry of the East before it became all trendy and hip to spend ridiculous amounts of money on famous head chefs (i.e., Per Se, Le bernadin, Daniel).  Granted, you don't get superstar status for putting roasted chicken on the menu, but my opinion is that NYC is infamous for making even above-average food go stratospheric for no readily discernible reason.  In upstate NY, people are a bit harder to please because they don't see the long-lines out the door or rave yelp reviews and tight competition for 4square mayorship.  These are old people with a ton of money who have been around the restaurant block any number of times and have developed a critical sense of taste.  For the rest of us, this is a good thing.  This is quality control. Before You Go:  OpenTable gives online reservations, making it extremely easy to find the next available serving time.  There supposedly is a $50 no-show fee; however, I believe this is negotiable if you simply reschedule with decent notice.  Dress code is "elegant," meaning jackets and ties for men (loosely enforced), and the equivalent for women.  Valet is included in the meal.  Come about 30 minutes ahead as there is plenty to explore in the immediate area, and a pleasant terrace and bar area.  I would recommend a 6:00 or 7:00 p.m. reservation as ideal for dinner, as these dinners can last a while (expect approximately 3 hours for the 5-course meal, and 4+ hours for the 8-course meal).  Meals and any additional expenses can be pre-paid in full in advance (automatic 20% gratuity), just ask the host when they call you to confirm your reservation.  Prices and seasonal menu are available on their website.  Prepare to spend approximately $150 per person base, excluding beverages. Getting There:  The GPS address is spot on with a large sign with the restaurant name indicating the driveway.  The surrounding area is residential and some commercial buildings, but will quickly transition to a hillside farm area around the restaurant.  Follow the driveway through the farm (animals are visible from the road, but watch for bumps)  to the indicated valet area to drop off your car. Food and Drink:  I thought it was excellent (mid-September); your opinion will vary.  My only advice (re-iterated often here on yelp) is that you do not announce non-serious dietary restrictions if you are the jealous type.  Yes, that was a double negative.  Yes, that's all I'm going to write on the food and drink. Service:  The staff was well choreographed and extremely knowledgeable, but the service could have been just a tad more responsive (resulting in the loss of 1 star), especially for this price range.  While numerous, they were all very friendly, professional but down to earth, and more than willing to accommodate customer needs/preferences.  If you gave your valet number to the host, your car should be waiting for you when you exit the restaurant. Venue:  Approximately 20 tables of various sizes and shapes (seating parties 2 to 8) spread throughout a refurbished barn area.  Medium-level lighting with light jazz in the background.  Due to the table proximity and wooden room construction, this is a louder than average venue going into the evening, but not intrusively so.  Well-maintained bathrooms are to the right of the hostess desk, down the stairs and on your right hand side. Customer Demographics:  Surprisingly wide range of ethnicities and ages, but the strong average were in their early 40s.  There are a lot of foodies here, which makes for pleasant company. Chipotle Burrito Measure:  Instead of eating here, I could have bought 73 carne asada burritos that would have fed my party for 12 days straight.  Still worth it?  Yes, but only once.
one of the best experiences i and my wife have had in ny,period..... the concept of farm to table menu is just great and we did go for the 8 course menu making it more fun by choosing wines to go with each course on our own.. the setting is magical and the service matched it... a must visit spot while in ny.
Been a foodie in NYC for 30 years so with some modicum of modesty, I can honestly say that in a comparative sense, Blue Hill is in a beautiful setting, has fine service and delivers an overly gimmicky, entirely forgettable dinner. We had the 8-course serving and kept waiting and waiting for something special. It never came. $600 later we chalked it up to yet another example of over-hype as the food is simply way over priced. Probably best for brunch.
A unique and pleasant dining experience, but not a 5-star meal.  Even if you don't come for dinner, you should absolutely visit the farm and maybe indulge in a cocktail at the bar ($15 each).  Reservations are mandatory, and impossible to get (for a weekend seating, anyway).  For men, jackets and ties are preferred, but most left ties at home.  Choices are 5, 8 or 12 courses (not including a handful of starters), and all options have the same quantity of food.  We chose the 8 course menu (roughly $150/pp), but did not opt for the wine pairing (roughly $110/pp).  The starters were actually the best part of our meal, elegantly and yet respectfully highlighting the produce from the farm, served in a hands-on style.  The main dishes were fine, but not particularly exciting.  Most of ours had the common components of speck and pesto, which got old after a few rounds.  Desserts were tasty, but considering the 8-course menu comes with 2 desserts in addition to the handful of sweets served at the end, it was overkill.   The fact that almost everything is sourced from the farm itself, and therefore at the peak of freshness, the up-charge is reasonable.  The waitstaff and atmosphere make for a high-end but not pretentious meal, which again is a unique feature.  However, I'm not sure this would be my first choice at this price point, considering the proximity to Manhattan.
Berkeley has Chez Panisse. Wine Country has The French Laundry. Now, NY has Blue Hill at Stone Barns. Blue Hill is situated on land owned by The Rockefellers. The estate is devoted to sustainable farming. They raise organic hens and turkeys. There are lamb feeding on grass. There are greenhouses teeming with vibrant lettuces. On Sunday afternoons, visitors can purchase fresh produce on site. It is also a very romantic spot. There is soooo much potential here. In my opinion, the food falls short here given the price point. The restaurant is unexpectedly formal and expensive. It is clear that the restaurant is positioning itself as a French Laundry of sorts. The wine list is extensive and pricey. The service is excellent, though. The issue here is that the food is "caught in the middle." Either they should offer a menu that allows the ingredients to truly stand on their own--the Chez Panisse approach--or they should offer better executed food--the French Laundry approach. Instead, the food is messed with just enough that the flavors get lost. Even worse, this unnecessary tampering is reflected in the prices. There are superfluous elements on the plate which lead to superfluous costs. Dan Barber is a talented chef; I also fully agree with his emphasis on seasonal organic produce. He just seems to be trying too hard. He needs to strip down the elements to the bare essentials. I wanted to share my server's enthusiasm for the food. The servers build up such high expectations with their elaborate descriptions of the ingredient's Life Cycle. What does cabbage just picked taste like? What about a fresh egg? What about the lamb grazing outside? I was expecting familiar vegetables to be transformational in taste. Unfortunately, they tasted disappointingly familiar; I was unable to discern any noticeable difference. I ordered a full tasting menu and two glasses of wine. My bill cost $480 for two with tax and tip! Someone's been sniffin' Fairy Dust. Know what I mean? That's like...a #Q@$ load of groceries at...Whole Foods. For that price, the veggies better do more than just taste good! The experience was worth more like $250. That is still pricey, but I can live with that figure. I encourage you to arrive an hour early and explore the grounds. It really is a hidden gem; just 30 minutes driving from the City. For all its shortcomings, Blue Hill at Stone Farms is on my Fave 10 NYC as The Most Bucolic Dining Experience in NY.
it is rare that a setting and the food of a place can merit 5 stars. blue hill stone barns merits 5 stars. an old rockefellar estate, you arrive, and are immediately faced with rolling green hills you thought only possible in much further upstate territory. you get out of the car, walk around, and are greeted by a crowd of wild gobbling turkeys, sheep herding dogs, and the biggest pig you'll ever meet (his name is 'BOARus'.. get it? :) ) onto the food. the room is a simple rectangle with a large island and tall flower arrangements set in the middle of it. simple decor, high ceilings, perfect lighting, and warm service. i was entranced. after choosing our dishes, we awaited the masterpieces that were soon to come. starting off with an amuse bouche of gazpacho with the freshest of ingredients, the meal flew after that. every bite of every dish was incredible. my eyes lit up. they gave a little twinkle. this was it. this was heaven. not enough food? i disagree. it's expensive, yes.. but the portion size was perfect for what they were serving, and it couldn't have been a minute fresher. reservations are generally booked months out, so be prepared to hear when you call them today, that they will be able to seat you at 4pm on a sunday 2 months from now. take the reservation, say thank you, and wait patiently for the day to come. dont forget to give yourself time to walk around the estate. it is gorgeous. wear comfy shoes!
Yes, the food is almost uniformly fantastic, the ingredients the best I've had anywhere near NYC, the setting is gorgeous, the drive from Manhattan quite convenient and pleasant, the service superb... BUT... I personally feel it's starting to get a bit pretentious - I could have done without the video of chickens eating raspberries - and maybe after a few years of living in NYC I'm looking for a slightly simpler meal that doesn't take 3.5 hours and leave you feeling stuffed for another day or two. Still an amazing restaurant - 4.5 stars would probably be my rating.
This is what I consider to be a field trip for research purposes. Was on a plane coming back to LAX and saw a piece on David Rockefeller's farm and restaurant near Tarrytown. Put it on the list for things to do when next in NYC. Figured it would be fun to exit Manhattan briefly, breathe some country air, and have a different kind of experience. And that it was. Being on a working farm is something that a city girl such as myself doesn't have too much call to do. The most memorable part was the piggies. Mamma Pig with her new babies all wanted to suck off of her, Pappa Pig lounging in his own accomodations, seemingly unaware that he had anything to do with these new offspring. Mamma Pig feeling like she was young and carefree just an eyeblink before, and Pappa Pig wondering who took his remote and why he now had to get his own beer. During dinner, we found out that it is big cause for celebration when the baby piglets are born because apparently the male pig isn't always the best shot with his procreation material! But I digress, the dining room was beautiful, the food excellent and innovative. It is a sustainable farm, so everything that is served is home grown. The service was friendly and competant.
I'll start with the great stuff and work my way down. I love the farm to table and very, very locally sourced approach to great fresh food. The V9 and the assorted pork dishes were truly awesome. The whole grain brioche was excellent and not a discount from a traditional brioche. The location, design and most of the waitstaff were excellent and best in the business. The cheese course was very nice with nice pairings of chutney to accent the cheese. Okay, now the not so good stuff. We had the 8 course menu and 4 out of the courses were good but not nearly great. The egg yolk dish was overwhelmed by the rest of the dish. The watermelon and pig's ear vinaigrette was just gimmicky as you can't really taste the pig's ear and was it really necessary? My 3 biggest disappointments were reserved for the wine pairings, dress code enforcement and our lead waiter's low talking and lack of information. The wine pairings were very weak with some few exceptions. The wines were mostly super, super sweet varieties and were cheap wines. Inexpensive wines don't have to be cheap wines. These were as a rule just cheap bad wines. I don't expect to be poured super expensive wines but at least choose good wines that don't overwhelm me with sugar and please pair them well. I would suggest people get a bottle or two of wine from the list rather than go with the pairings. On the website, a diner is informed that jacket and tie are REQUIRED for men. I like to dress for a dinner this exciting. I like to be surrounded by people who respect the efforts of the establishment to produce great food in a great atmosphere. Why did only around 50% of the people wear ties? The couple sitting next to us were dressed in very casual clothes (he had rolled up sleeves, no jacket, no tie.) she was dressed in a tank top and flip flops. Hey Blue HIlls! Turn them away or give them a coat and tie to borrow! We had two waiters serving us. The woman was excellent. She made an effort to chat, serve and be available when needed. The man was a low talker, and when he shared details when describing the farm used to source the ricotta he mentioned that "only 16 cows are being milked now". When I asked why only 16 cows were milking now he said he didn't know. Okay, then why share the information when you don't know why you're sharing it? By the way, I worked on farms growing up and I was curious. Overall this is a wonderful atmosphere that has a cult-like following. Most of the experience is awesome and I hope to go back to have a better experience in the future.
A beautiful place (though we were there at night and so couldn't completely appreciate our surroundings) and really great food.  It's definitely a "special occasion" place due to the price, length of meal (about 3 hours) and location.  The service could have been better but they were nice when they made a mistake (we said "no pork" they brought us both pork).  Overall a great experience which we would definitely repeat again (next time we want to do it in daylight).
Nice place to try at least once. If you going just to try different foods this is the place. High quality and fresh, but you may go home hungry. They do not offer at lot of food. Morsels. We had the tasting menu. Expensive. Grounds are beautiful.
Best food and best service I've ever received in Westchester county.  The menu is always changing and it reflects the local fare.  The place is located on a Rockefeller estate and it's a beautiful place to walk around and explore before your meal.  Come with cash... preferably a wheelbarrow filled with it.
In a word, "exquisite".  Your senses are elevated by the excitement of your arrival in a beautiful country setting, the inspired interior, flowers and lighting, and then, the most thoughtful presentation of coure after course of entirely unique and authentic flavors from the farm.  Unlike many fine dining tasting menu experiences, a meal at Stone Barns is not overwrought or fussy in its preparation and you dont leave feeling overfed and over-foamed or sauced.  The level of service and attention to detail was incredible.  A truly memorable and wonderful meal.  Do be prepared, however, to settle in for a long evening if you are doing 5 or more courses - they certainly do NOT rush you through the experience!
Date Visited: July 15th People: Megan My tab: $250 Near flawless. Second time we've been, this time they require the tasting menu from everyone (not that I would have ordered anything else). Started with a purple basil mojito, then a bottle of chablis. Favorites included the marrow bone with caviar. One complaint was that when we asked for their classic chocolate bread pudding to finish, we were told that the dessert chef left a few months ago. However they made it up to us by tossing in an extra hot fudge sunday at the end. 2 most memorable things about the meal: 1. when the woman next to me wanted to request a fully cooked egg for one of the dishes, the waiter replied "we only cook eggs one way, and that's soft boiled." 2. I'll never forget leaving the farm after our meal, past a sea of fireflies and grazing sheep. so cool. scoring system: 1 star=won't be back. 2 stars=would go back. 3 stars=look forward to going back 4 stars=someplace special. 5 stars=near perfection
If you have been following my Yelping, you will notice that I am completely obsessed with food, and I really know how to eat.  Well, then you will (hopefully) trust my opinion when I say that Blue Hill at Stone Barns is one of the best meals of my life.  If you can score a reservation and are willing to head upstate, you will experience a culinary masterpiece.  While many New Yorkers opt for the local, Manhattan Blue Hill, I wanted to full experience.  This location can be found on the sprawling Stone Barns Center for Food and Agriculture.  This educational destination, provides culinary courses, a charming gift shop, the spectacular restaurant, and more.   I took my brother up to the farm for his birthday, an ideal time for this special occasion restaurant.  When I heard the dining room was inside a barn, I pictured a large red roof structure keeping diners warm with necessary heat lamps.  Meanwhile, we arrived at the barn, drove down the long road to the hidden restaurant, and pulled up to the valet.  This was not your typical farmhand, I tell ya!  We entered the "barn" and found a beautiful lounge with a fireplace, followed by a large wooden dining room.  The environment felt very natural, but also extremely classy and well-kept.  My brother and I joined the other formally-dressed diners in the beautiful space.  We were greeted with a large wine list, including many by the glass.  There did not seem to be a formal sommelier, but the waitstaff was highly knowledgeable on the topic. We munched on some delicious baguette slices until another waiter arrived to explain their interesting menu concept.  Basically, you have two options- one 5 course meal of larger portions or one 8 course "Farmers Feast" consisting of smaller portions.  Though each menu offers a different taste of the farm, both rely on monthly fresh ingredients.  The menus are always changing and just list a smattering of "in season" stables that could crop up (literally) in your meal.   We received several teases before the actual first course, such as freshly grown raw vegetables, beet chips, and more.  The vegetable-heavy amuse bouches were crisp and tasted like the textbook definitions of said vegetables.  For example, you have never sampled a more pungent carrot than this one that just screamed "carrot" taste.   Our first course was Local Bluefish, topped with American sturgeon caviar, panther soybeans, and seckel pear.  The pear added a sweet earthiness to this seafood plate.  The next course was by far our favorite.  These Nantucket Bay Scallops were moist and tender.  A brussel sprout broth and crisp farm-raised pig snout shavings added texture and richness.  The proceeding lesser-known vegetable of Banana Squash received a smoky face lift with an accompaniment of Stone Barns speck and charcuterie sauce. The gooey Morning's Farm Egg contrasted with its topping of crisp dehydtrated root vegetables and "ice" spinach.  The dehydrated vegetables tasted like herbs or flowers.  The colorful Purple Potato Gnocchi were served with locally picked mushrooms and farm-grown ricotta. If every Italian restaurant was serving such innovative food, I would opt to eat that cuisine much more often.  The final dinner course consisted of tender farm-raised Berkshire Pig paired with purple brussel sprouts, rutabaga, and dates.  While I have often seen pork served with a sweet fruit sauce, I have never heard of the pork-rutabaga-fig combo, but this mixture actually works...and works well. Desserts were just as seasonal.  The Bartlett Pear Soup was stuffed with chocolate and chestnuts.  The Golden Beet Cake was sweetened with molasses and white chocolate.  It was then topped with a creamy pistachio ice cream.  Then, just when we thought we would burst with pleasure, we received some amazing petit fours, such as a rich raspberry jelly and a rich chocolate truffle.  The fruit and chocolate of each plate made for a literally bittersweet ending to a feast fit for a hungry farmer. Beyond the amazing culinary journey, the service was also spectacular.  The waitstaff was very attentive, though could have been a bit friendlier.  But, the host went out of his way to accommodate our requests, whether it was snapping our picture by the fireplace, calling the valet to ready our vehicle, or taking our address to mail a copy of the menu (how else do you think I could remember all of these courses!).   Blue Hill at Stone Barns is truly a magical experience everyone must try.  Its hefty price tag, ranging from $95-125 makes this a perfect special occasion restaurant.  Lastly, the beautiful surroundings are best seen during their weekend brunch or an early dinner (only available several days per week).  City folk, grab your trackers and head up to the country for one of the top meals in the country.
One of the best meals of my life.  Period.  Worth every penny.  The bread basket is amazing with freshly baked bread, and if I am not mistaken all the food is locally sourced from the Hudson Valley.  Food quality was outstanding from the fish, to the chicken, to the cuts of meat.  Reservations can run months in advance at this point, so book early.
The hubby and I decided to finally lose our Blue Hill at Stone Barns virginity, in celebration of our 4th wedding anniversary last week. We'd waited long enough to answer the question, 'does it live up to the hype?' We had to know. We decided to start the night with a drink at the bar. I ordered "The Ford," a smooth, velvety Old Tom Gin cocktail with some ingredients I've never heard of, and Stone Barns cardamom leaf bitters. Hubby ordered the "Cucalyptus," a cucumber, eucalyptus and thai long pepper-infused cocktail with gin made on-site. He called it the best cucumber drink he's ever had. Not sure how many cucumber drinks he's had in his life, but "score" nonetheless. On to the good stuff. We were seated at this ridiculously comfortable banquette. The upholstery fell somewhere between felt wool and cashmere -- I swear. It was the kind of banquette I could fall asleep in. And you might do just that after this epic meal,  so request a banquette. Although I was slightly jealous of the ladies at the tables throughout the center of the restaurant, who were brought mini-ottomans to place their handbag on so they didn't have to touch the floor. For real. A purse ottoman. Now that is money. The Sommelier brought us 2 glasses of Riesling to start the meal off with, before cracking open a bottle of 1998 Bovio Barolo. Because that's how we roll-o. Here's a plate-by-plate summary of the 8-course Farmer's Feast meal ($149/pp): #1 - baby veggies perched on a fence, tomato soup shot, crispy kale sheets, potato crisps, crispy white beans, beet burgers, root veggie "corn dogs." The major winner? The beet burgers. They were these bite-sized sliders that were the most divine, buttery melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. That's my very technical culinary description. #2 - Baby lettuce and herb salad. Oh, dear salad. Dear, dear salad. When the plate arrived, I experienced a pang of disappointment. Although plated beautifully, this looked like a smattering of  baby greens and a few slivers of beets sprinkled on a plate. No dressing? Really? Well slap me silly and call me salad... er, Sally. This was the most insane plate of greens I've ever eaten. In my LIFE. Each bite was sweet and flavorful. We were blown away. I definitely am never going to be able to look at grocery lettuce the same again. Damn you, Dan Barber. Brioche with warm fresh ricotta and veggie puree. #3 - Soft poached egg with foam. This was my least favorite of the dishes, as the egg was super runny. Even the whites just broke into liquid as soon as I pierced the super-thin skin. Meh. Onion bread with mushroom salt. #4 - Seared wreckfish in a Manhattan seafood chowder (with mussels, lobster). Oh dear God. We're only up to the 4th course. At this point I'm wishing I hadn't worn that super skinny high-waisted belt. It is definitely going to come off. This dish was HEAVEN. Seriously, if heaven were a fish, it would be swimming around shipwrecks (which is what this fish does, which is how it got it's clever moniker.) It was seared and sliced into perfect rectangular bites and placed atop this sweet chowder with mussels and lobster. I could have just eaten that bare herb salad and this fish and been the happiest chick in the county. #5 - Purple potato and ricotta gnocchi. These looked more like little pasta cannoli's than gnocchi, but who am I to argue with the Best Chef in America? I loved every bite of these clouds of pasta perfection. There - how's that for prose? #6 - Veal tenderloin and tender baby carrots. Now when we started our meal, we were asked by one of the waiters if we had any allergies or food issues. We both shook our heads no, partially because the guy scared us a little (he was bald and intimidating in a James Carville kind of way) and in part because we were just hungry. When the waiter responded, "so you're okay with brains and heart?" We both snapped back into reality and coolly replied that no, we weren't interested in organs. So he named off the next level down of proteins, which included lamb, veal, pork. This we were fine with. Sure. Do it up. Well little did we know we'd only get one meat course, and it would end up being veal, our least favorite. BUT - that said, this veal was delicious. It was served as two cuts - tenderloin and something else. (The technical name for it, obviously). And it was totally worth it, even if it did make us sad for a minute or so. #7, 8 and a surprise #9 - dessert. At this point we entered food comas, and I have no idea what these consisted of. None. It's as if it didn't happen, but it obviously did happen. I'm sure it was good. It probably was even great. But like I said, I had tapped the mat at that point. The belt had come off, I think I may have even taken my Spanx off right there at the table. Who knows... class goes right out the window when you've just eaten an entire farm. Bottom line: Was Stone Barns worth the hype? It most certainly was.
Had an awesomel yummy dinner here last Saturday and our party of four couldn't decide which course to get (5, 8 or 12 course meal) but our server explained to us whichever course we choose he assures us we will not be leaving hungry and he was right! We picked the 8 course meal because of the two desserts that it comes with - or another cheese course if you prefer. You definitely don't know what course will be coming out just the produce, meat and fruits that they have for the month according to the little journal they have provided  to each customer on the table, and that was exciting! Our server did not forget to ask our preferences and any diet or allergy restrictions that each person has; if anybody is allergic to anything or what they do not like to have or cannot have, and they exactly know which plate belongs to whom. As each course comes out, the servers would simultaneously put down our plates like its choreographed and then explains what we are about to have like being served in Top Chef! At the very end after finishing our second dessert and enjoying our Chemex dripped coffee a surprise plate of chocolates comes out! We couldn't finish all of it since we were so full from our awesome meal but that was a great surprise and finish to the dinner. Would definitely be coming back here in the future :)
Where do I begin with how AMAZING this place is?  I know I wrote a review before but I couldn't resist writing another review after my last experience!  Disclaimer this isn't as much a review of the food as it is of the excellent service, and how its the perfect place for anyone to propose.  The food is extraordinary, and I consider it to be my favorite restaurant in the world, but this is just a review on the people who make it extraordinary.   Let me first begin by explaining that my fiancé is a very sweet man who lacks the creativity to be romantic, so I always expected his proposal to be ordinary.  But Robert the concierge made all my wildest little girl dreams come true.  We had an exquisite meal (as expected) and then for dessert they asked if we wanted to go outside.  Now I had seen people sitting on the patio having drinks, so thats what I expected.  Nope they went above and beyond and set up a very romantic candlelight table with flowers and an adorable love seat bench in our own private area!  The tree's were sparkling, yes sparkling!  The fireflies apparently gather around the trees to give this magnificent effect!  And then my fiancé proposed, and it was better than I could ever imagine.  But honestly its all due to Robert and the wonderful staff at Blue Hill at Stone Barns.  Even my fiancé admits that Robert is the one that pulled it off not him.  I'm not trying to put down my fiancé, I love him, and he knew for something special like this to get help.  To top it off I later learned that the chef, Dan Barber, made our menu specifically for us.  I seriously couldn't imagine anything better, so if your looking for a place to propose (or a very special occasion), this is it!
My husband and I have been to Blue Hill once before, what a great restaurant! the service is very professional, and the food is delicious! Farm to Table dining at its finest! I'm definitely a fan!
The bottom line: To me this place was a concept. it was fun to go walk around the farm and see the livestock, the greenhouse, etc. The food and restaurant however, to me and my wife, wasn't worth the $300 price tag. $300 for a two person dinner puts you in a Babbo, Gramercy Tavern, Jean Georges category - those are my reference point for my 3 star rating. At that price, we should be entitled to expect service and food that is nothing short of superlative. For us, this is probably going to be one of those 'I went there once and it was good'-type experiences. The highs: I'd say the vegetables are the best part of the experience. They're unique and they're prepared masterfully. I'd say that really stimulated my taste buds. The lows: The protein dishes were 'ok'. We were served shellfish, squab and berkshire pork. The dishes were thoughtfully prepared, but they just lacked the 'wow' factor. The fact that the chef selects everything for you, it really needs to be impressive! As for the service and the clientele, I'd agree with the earlier comments from others. There were moments I felt well attended to and moments I didn't. You can tell who the regulars are. Go try Blue Hill for yourself. It's a unique experience to get out of the city and walk around the farm. The dinner is nice enough, but next time I'd opt for the 3-course $55 tasting. If you want to pay +$150/head there are other places in NYC that are all-around better.
I know everyone raves about Blue Hill at Stone Barns, but I would rate it sub-par after waiting nearly 2 months to get a reservation.  The food was just okay, I can't even say it was good.  It definitely is over priced and the experience was not at  a high level I definitely have had better.  I would not recommend or go there again and my husband and the couple I went with agree.  So Blue Hill you should be Boo Hill.
I didn't realize that I never reviewed this place.  Went here last year for an anniversary dinner with my husband.  The food and service is wonderful.  Really, it is.  So why only 3 stars?  Well, partly because I just don't get the hype.  So many restaurants do the farm-to-table thing now, that my meal here didn't stick out as a meal I'd want to replicate.  Also, the table next to us had a notebook to take notes on their meal so they could write an accurate yelp review.  Yes, really.
Arg... i cannot say enough good things about this place. One of my favorite place that always come to my mind everytime there's a special occasion. The only complaint for me is that it is far away and i cannot dine there at every excuse that i can manage, even though being right outside the city means there's a feel of certain adventure everytime i dine there. It's always special, always a pleasant and worthwhile experience. The backdrop of the farm, animals, and courtyard, which is unique by itself and consistent with their theme of farm to table dining. When i come, i do try to get either a lunch or early dinner reservation so i can come play with the animals. They have sheeps, pigs, chickens, and angry geese crowding the place. It sounds cruel to play with the animals before they are served on your plate but hey... circle of life...not to mention if i was a pig, i would be honored to die for the way they prepare the pork tenderloins.   The exterior draws quite a contrast to the classically elegant and beautiful dining room inside, which is spacious, inviting, and offers just the perfect lighting. The service is impeccable, very comparable to other fine dining places in the city (eleven madison park and la bernardin comes to mind). There isn't really a bad seat in the house, it's pretty wide open and everyone has good view of the spacious dining area, which is great considering almost everyone here dress to the nines out of respect for the dining experience provided here. The showcase here is definitely their vegetables. i've never been so excited about a restaurant putting just raw vegetables in front of me. And their butter too... is amazing. It's room temperature... creamy and rich.... The concept here is that you do NOT get to pick your plates; you're simply served whatever is deemed fresh and the chef desires. This sounds snotty but hey... these guys know what they're doing... and i haven't crossed a plate that they have served me that i was not at least half blown away with. (and i've been here half a dozen times before). I think more often than not they serve the beet burgers, which is pretty good pre-dinner bite. I've had their venison and pork tenderloin, which were both amazing. The presentation is pretty and well thought out, but without being way too over the top.  They don't do not ignore the taste and simply worry about how pretty it looks. Also, they do a lot of plating on stones, which i always enjoyed as it is just simple, natural, and elegant. There are so many little dishes they serve you... and each of them are pretty and unique, and damn delicious. It's just such a complete and perfect dining experience. I've been to the Blue Hill in the village as well, while the food is just as good, it just isn't the same charming elegant experience as Stone Barns (even though is a superb dining experience in its own right). I can't say i'm the most sophisticated diner out there, but if i had to chose some place to eat my final meal.... i would be able to go rather peacefully.
Birthday dinner with my family and my love at Blue Hill at Stone Barns.... P-E-R-F-E-C-T-I-O-N. To dine at Blue Hill is like walking into Arcadia. Wait, is that Pan I see frolicking on the hills? I'm not even going to attempt to describe Blue Hill because no amount of words would do it justice. Take a leap of faith and go experience a little bit of heaven.
