Enjoy Gershon's as they make everything fresh and when I request Gluten Free they make it on a separate counter that hasn't had Gluten on it!  It is pricey as I pay $11.00 for a turkey sandwich with a pickle but it is nice treat once and a while...
Love the food here! Their turkey sandwich and tuna & rings is my favorite lunch combo!
I was in the area and needed to get lunch.  I looked on Yelp, and Daniel B.'s negative review caught my eye.  He complained that the brisket was fat-free, and that the pickle was half-sour.  I immediately thought "That's exactly how it should be!" and decided to come here. Boy was I disappointed.  I ordered a large brisket sandwich, and asked for the meat "as lean as you can make it."  When it came out, I got a fat sandwich with some brisket marbled in. Okay, it wasn't all fat.  There were some pieces that had more meat than fat, and I tried to pull off the fat with my hands.  There were also some pieces that were, essentially, fat with occasional islands of meat.  I tried to pick a little of the meat off those, but they were basically inedible garbage. I don't know if Daniel B.'s review is the reason why their brisket is now all fatty.  Maybe it just varies from day to day.  But if the restaurant's management does read these reviews, they should know that many people- I would guess most people- do not like their brisket fatty.  Fat feels slimy on the tongue and is unpleasant.  At least give the option of "extra lean"- you can serve the saved fat to the weirdos who like fat sandwiches. I've been to a lot of Jewish-style delis- I've never seen meat this fatty.  I told the waiter that I asked for my meat lean, and he said this is how it comes, and asked if I wanted something else.  I wanted brisket- only brisket- and didn't have time to wait for something else anyway, so I just let it be. The gravy- where most of the moisture is supposed to come from- was watery and unthickened, kind of like aus jus but with less flavor than aus jus. The sandwich was also too small.  I ordered a "large" sandwich, but the thing that came out was at best regular sized, even if I had eaten all the hunks of fat.  It was maybe half or two thirds the size it should have been. They also had the smallest pickle I've ever seen in my life.  Yes, it was a whole pickle, not a slice, but I didn't know cucumbers this small were available on the market. At least the pickle was half-sour.  They got that one right.
Things I like: Good Food Fair Prices Quick Service Service with a smile. I got all of these things here. I ordered 6 meals for my co-workers and I today at 11:50 and they said it'd only take 20 minutes. I thought that was a pretty sweet deal. And apparently it only took that long cause one of them ordered a well done burger. I only tasted the Veggie sandwich, but I thought it was really good. They had all sorts of vegetables with coleslaw on it. I thought the coleslaw was an interesting touch, also the bread was delicious. It was a nice crisp italian bread. Delicious.  Everybody else throughly enjoyed their food. The service was extremely friendly.
Great deli selections including many only found in large city Jewish Delis.  They also have some non traditional offerings. So maybe Jewish style is more accurate. But for the location - outstanding. They have chopped liver sandwiches, beef tongue, herring - creamed or in wine, and lox & bagels with all the fixings. We ordered take out for lunch and they had a pretty involved order ready quickly & it was accurate down to the very last special requests.
Back in the day when I still ate meat, their Reuben was the finest I've ever tasted. The Italian Mix sandwich is great, and my wife always raves about the tuna. The potato salad and macaroni salad is also delicious.
Sorry folks, but it just did not live up to the expectations of good NY Deli.  Sure, they do some things right: - I can get my Cel-Ray, but that's the cost of doing business.  I couldn't imagine a Pastrami or Corned Beef sandwich without one. - The attitude of the man behind the cash register is right on. Sure, they import their cheesecake and pound cake from Carnegie, but IMHO, if they did the sandwich right, there should be no possible room for dessert.  And really, while it has street cred, the best thing at Carnegie is not the sweet case. The biggest miss in my book was the bread. They slice the thinnest bread I have ever seen in my life.  I have no idea how they get it so thin (and the rye had almost a gummy texture).  Now I know how important the meat to bread ratio is in creating a perfect sandwich, but thinner bread is cheating.  Plus it just doesn't feel right in the hand or in the mouth. Also I would have liked to seen more fat on the meat.  All of it.  The corned beef was the richest, the pastrami was a bit leaner, and I have never seen leaner drier brisket anywhere.  I didn't know it was possible to have brisket that lean.   This may not be a problem for some folks, but when I'm going to engage in some bad cardiovascular risk management, I want to do it right.  Full throttle.  The benchmark is the fatty smoked beef at Schwartz's in Montreal... drool. The sandwiches also come with ONE pickle?  What gives?  And it's a HALF sour?   But the place will certainly do in a pinch.  Maybe there is a way to get stronger pickles and thicker bread.  Next time I will know to ask for the meat fatty.  And I'll ask them if they can slice it thick.   What kinda deli customer would I be, if I weren't demanding.   You tell me.
It may have been a Jewish deli at some point in the past, but it isn't now.  It's a Jewish style deli.  I enjoyed the food, didn't like the surly snappy waitresses.  They charge for some sides when you order from the wrong column and don't if you choose a different column. It's the only place of it's type nearby and they act like it. Expensive, what did you expect?
"How do stop Celebrating Christmas and Start Eating Real" by Josh K. I sure do love a leg of lamb, baked ham, roasted chestnuts, and some spiced egg nog.  But it's time for me to get back to my biblical, ancestral roots, and stop posing.   As fun and merry as it is to celebrate Christmas, it's just not my holiday. On the drive back from the Dutch, Quaker state of Pennsylvania, we would be passing through the Electric City.  And the best way I thought to finish the Christmas holiday for this year, once and for all, would be to indulge in some authentic  (as much as can be around these parts) Jewish deli action.   Gershon's is the place.  And I wasn't alone in my Jewish comfort food cravings. At 2:00 in the afternoon, I wasn't the only one needing some holiday relief. Take mounds of deli Pastrami and Corned beef, sliced thin (yes Katz's, Carnegie, and Schwartz's do it better of course). Put to doughy (and not too thin) rye bread (I didn't get a "gummy" texture). Add homemade (and not too watery) Cole slaw.   Smear on Russian dressing and/or deli mustard (I go both). Serve with rippled potato chips (We really do love the salt). Serve with plump, half sour pickle (A nice, crisp change from the regular dill). Serve with homemade matzah ball soup (Yes, Bubby makes it better). Upon Leaving: Admire the whitefish in the counter.  Admire the smoked salmon (lox).   Admire the chopped liver.  Admire the beef tongue.   Plan to return to Gershon's soon, and order all of the above. My Christmas (ahem Hanukkah) wish list should have been that Gershon's could be in Albany instead of Schenectady. But Christmas is over.  Thankfully, at the last minute, I wrapped it up correctly.
The Capital Region definitely falls short when it comes to Jewish-esque delis, but Gershon's comes close.  I would have to say it's not amazing, but it's definitely good.  It is located in a little plaza on Union street and parking can be rough during lunch hours during the week since it is a popular lunch spot.   I have tried a few different things, but I typically go for a pastrami reuben, and that's why I'll give them 4 stars and not 3, because I do like their reubens.  They have a variety of different sandwiches, soups (matza ball soup of course), along with some specials.  Your typical deli offerings.  Everything is fresh and good quality and tasty.  One thing that is kind of weird is that their sandwiches come plain and without anything on them (condiments, LTO, cheese etc).  The sandwiches are a good size, not too huge but definitely not small either.   I usually come here during lunch and you can definitely get in and out fairly quickly even if you sit down.  The servers are friendly and attentive.  I do think it is a little too expensive though.  While I think the quality is good, it is just a dollar or two too expensive.  A sandwich and a drink will set you well over $10.   While it's not mind blowing, there definitely aren't a lot of other options for these types of delis in the area, so I find myself coming back.
Gershon's is a great place to grab a good sandwich, but it hasn't lived up to what I expected based on the reviews I'd heard of it. That's not to say that it's disappointing, but it just isn't amazing like I'd expected. I've been here a few times and found it to be pretty OK, but nothing about it really justifies the drive to get there on a more regular basis. Long story short: Nothing amazing, but also nothing terrible. It's a solid option if you're nearby but I certainly don't think it's worth going out of your way.
I've been to Gershon's twice now. It is a good, solid deli with most of the expected offerings - corned beef, pastrami, rye bread, matzo ball soup, etc. They get extra points for efficient service - they were very attentive and pleasant when I ordered my to-go at the deli counter. They also get extra points for having tongue on the menu - not always available. They loose points for only having Nova lox and I was not impressed by their pickles. The sandwiches are well filled with meat but not overfilled as you might get at Carnegie in NYC - but the prices are appropriate for what you get. While I like Gershons I actually prefer Ben & Bill's in Slingerlands- Gershons wins for atmosphere as B&B is in a Price Chopper. B&B does have belly lox and great pickles!
I don't think you can get a deli better than this one in the Capital Region.  There is a reason Gershon's is an institution in the Schenectady area.  Their meats are home-made (no Boar's head, people!  HOME MADE), as are the rest of the items at the deli counter.  They have a great little lunch section and some outdoor seating.  Prices are reasonable, food is not to be matched and it's family owned (which is nice) - so you always see the same folks here. They also do catering, so that's worth considering as well.
The real deal, I miss my corned beef on rye.
I'm a little torn here because it's good deli, and it's really nice to have good deli in the neighborhood, but there are drawbacks to the store that make it not quite in that oh-my-god-I'm-so-happy-they're-there category. The basic "deli" selection is very standard and very good. The sandwiches don't have a lot of extras on them, but the taste is above average and everything seems to be kept fresh (well, yes, cured meats and all, but you know what I mean). This is basically the primary reason to go there. There's also a nice selection of chips and the usual "extras" on sides. Now, negatives. It's expensive - paying nearly $10 for a deli sandwich with no sides included is not what I have in mind for a casual lunch. It's tiny - they don't have a good system for waiting around for your sandwich. And the sit-down areas are also cramped - I wouldn't dare take the kids in. The parking is hideously inadequate. And the sandwiches are not complex - it's meat on a bread, basically, unless you're getting something that specifies other ingredients. So, we'll go back when I get a jones for pastrami or whatever, but not when it's likely to be crowded, and it's not what I had hoped for  -- which is a joint I could make my own and be able to walk to and eat at as a regular.
This is one of those places that's been around forever, and yet in all my years of living in (and now visiting) Schenectady, this was my first visit.   Hubby and I met up with a couple of friends for lunch.  Hubby loved his Italian special cold cut sandwich, but my grilled cheese sandwich and potato pancakes were "meh".  Our friends' sanwiches looked awesome!   Gershon's seems like a nice place to hang out, and it does have a Wi-Fi hotspot.  It has a loyal clientele.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I would definitely go back to try some of their other items.
Lunch today was gooood! Corned beef and pastrami on rye with coleslaw and Russian dressing. Big enough that my wife and I split it. Rye bread was not as rye as I would have liked - (only reason I'm keeping it a 4 star). Maybe if the bread had more texture or chewiness, but it was too soft. And the pickle was like a new dill so it lacked an intense flavor - but I guess that is a personal preference. When in Schenectady this is defiantly the place to go.
While, as a native New Yorker, it bugs me that they are a "Jewish" deli open on Saturday, that's the only fault that I can find with them. Their sandwiches are pretty good, and while it's not the best mazto ball soup I've ever eaten, it was nice that they had it at all! I agree with other reviewers that this should be viewed more as a "Jewish style" deli, though.
Great deli with a hometown feel. They have all kinds of fish salads and typical Jewish kosher meats. They get their bagels from a bakery and they are decent, but the veggie cream cheese was really good. Plenty of space to sit inside and out, with takeout or table service options.
Liverwurst, red onion, dijon mustard and a Dr. Brown's Celray soda...a perfect combo.  It's not a meal I crave very often, but when I do, Gershon's is there.
This place really is "as good as it gets" deli-wise. Sandwiches are always delicious and their "rings", aka macaroni rings with tuna are out of this world. Downside-if you plan on eating there it's small so, you may have to share a table with strangers. Boo. I say grab your food and go, yum yum yum!!!
Being from lower NY, and also being jewish, I always needed a nice corned beer on rye sandwich, but the Capital District isn't full of great options. Have no fear, Gershon's delivers. Hot corned beef on rye with russian dressing and coleslaw is fantastic and can stack up to a lot of NYC establishments.
Being that I am from Schenectady I feel like I am biased........but I have to say that when I crave a roast beef sandwich on rye with russian and some potato sald or tuna rings, Gershons is all I want.  This is my deli of choice, even here all the way over on the West Coast.
A no-frills Jewish deli with GREAT food and quick service.  We go there a lot for lunch--the help will get to know you by name.
After having a catered deli platter from Gershon's, I was inspired to try Gershon's on my own.  In an area that doesn't offer many classic Jewish style delis, Gershon's certainly fits the bill as a good place to go..   I had a hearty pastrami sandwich and found it to be quite tasty.  Definitely coming back.
Best in Class ~ no doubt about it!
Born and raised in metro NY ... this ain't real Jewish deli food nor are the portions.  Pastrami lacked the pastrami flavor, mustard is not spicy enough, chicken salad was bland, pickles were not sour enough.  Price for what you receive is just ok ... one of us got a decent portion and someone else in our party received half the amount of meat.  Service really needs to be improved.  We ordered from one side of the menu ... a service oriented waitress would've directed/suggested us to the other side of the menu to get the same meat  + sides for the same price.  And, a smile would not hurt.  There must be something better than this in the Capital District.
This is a hopping little place with take out or table service. The food is fresh and since it is a busy place, you know the food turns over at a good clip.  My favorite is the tuna ring salad.  There's a bunch of people behind the counter so service is fast and efficient.  Good place!
loved it, very good sandwich and cheesecake from carnegie. what more could you want?
