The Philly Cheesesteak sandwich is the best I have ever had!
Love this place. Everything is good. Food is fresh and mostly homemade. Staff (the two co-owners) are friendly and talented. Very creative sandwichings that aren't too avant garde.
my favorite place ever. the cheddar bacon with the smoked turkey is really good and so is the salmon or chicken with the mango on a flat and the pizza salad pizza. actually, everything here is good. i haven't gotten anything that wasnt absolutely delicious. also the people there are incredibly friendly. go here.
My curiousity was piqued when I did a yelp search for the best restaurant in White Plains, New York and this tiny sandwich joint came up. It's not easy being the highest rated restaurant, when you make sandwiches for lunch. I had to find out for myself what all the hype was about... Melt did melt my heart, but not my wallet, and it continues to do so time and time again. The sandwiches are fresh, made right in front of you, the portions are generous for the price. I don't want to tell you any more details, because I want you to go and decide for yourself! I live in Nyack and I am thinking: we need a "Melt" twin there as well!
This place is great. Hundreds of different combinations of sandwiches to try. I do recommend against getting regular bread and going with a flatbread. So far from the meats I've tried the top round, rosemary pork loin, smoked brisket, and the new jerk chicken. Jerk chicken is definitely my favorite; pair it with The Mango and you're good to go...I hope it's a permanent addition to the menu and not just a seasonal thing. The pork loin and brisket were also very good...the top round is a bit salty. If you're not sure how to pair your meat with combo, the workers give really good recommendations. The owner was working both times I was here and made sure to ask how everyone's food was. They're very open to feedback and answering any questions you may have about the food. Make sure to ask for a fork because they pack the flatbreads to the absolute max and you will have some spillage.
I'm not going to sugarcoat this. The food here is 3-stars. It's A-OK. I've sampled three different sandwiches here so here's the deal: - (Counter) Service is MEH. The owner is usually around but he only speaks to some people (regulars perhaps) and the workers don't seem particularly joyful or happy to be there. The food tends to take a little longer to arrive than one might think, even when the place is empty. - The sandwiches are better than average but not what I would ever call amazing. I have ordered the Pulled Pork Mango, which was the best of the three that I tried. I also ordered the Pastrami which was just okay (don't think you're getting Katz's or Carnegie Deli pastrami here) and a Top Round Au Jus which was less than average and had too many onions and way too much fat. - Good assortment of potato chips.
Sandwiches here are super delicious. All the meat tastes high quality and fresh. Love the smokey flavor of the bread. Generous portions leave you very full and satisfied. Sandwiches are made to order so the wait can take a while, especially with a line. Definitely worth stopping in if you find yourself in white plains around lunchtime.
Off the chain!!!!!    Turkey + spicy!!!!  Outrageous.  Tomato and basil bisque. So fresh.  Top round on flatbread with French onion topping. Phenomenal!!!! Run don' t walk to this hidden gem.
One of my favorite places for lunch. I always get the flat bread with the Pork loin, Gorgonzola, Bacon and Broccoli Rabe.. AMAZING!!!!!!
If you're ever in the White Plains, NY area, you've GOTTA check this place out! The sandwiches are DELICIOUS and full of flavor! The breads and meats are made fresh on the premises, not to mention the meats are slow-roasted, yum! I had corned-beef with mango salsa on wheat. The service was also very good...A++
Ohmygerd I love it. Once again, my fellow yelpers have opened my eyes to a whole new (and delicious) experience. :9 You can NOT go wrong with the mango BBQ pulled pork sandwich. You just can't. I didn't particularly like it on the flatbread because it was a little too heavy and a little too messy for me, but the combination of sweet, tangy, spicy, and smoky was nothing short of perfection! If you are expecting to speed in and out with a hot sandwich in your hands, just remember that this is not Subway, and the ingredients aren't prepared to be microwaved before being slapped on your bread of choice. Each sandwich is prepared to order, so expect it to take at least 7-10 minutes for them to prepare your order (which seems like eternity, I know), but it is so, so worth it!!
Have to say this is 4.5 stars, rounded. I have been here about ten times over the past three years. I like the smoked brisket best, but the turkey and pulled pork will not disappoint. There were a total of nine meats on the board today. The long roll is a great buy, and your sandwich will feed two in a pinch or one fresser. The toppings allow for a good bit of variation. The half star off is for the salt level, which can be too high for some.
I was in White Plains for a conference and picked MELT for lunch based on yelp reviews. Thank you fellow yelpers for guiding me in the right direction. Although I had a difficult time choosing I ended up ordering the roast beef Italian style (broccoli raab, roasted tomatoes and provolone) on flat bread. Initially overwhelmed by the size of the sandwich, I somehow managed to eat every last bite. The beef was juicy and tender, veggies fresh and flavorful and cheese perfectly melted. It was prepared in less than 10 minutes despite the lunch rush and the price was right. Staff was very chill and friendly and even came over to ask if I was enjoying everything. I agree with some other reviewers that it was pretty salty but not unpleasantly so. I haven't experienced much of the White Plains restaurant scene but would definitely recommend MELT to anyone who happens to be in the area.
WOWWWW!!! The sandwiches here are fantastic! A friend brought my husband and I here on our last day in NY, and I think it was the best meal we had all week.  It's so good that people will travel 40 minutes from Manhattan just to visit this tiny hole in the wall shop.   The way it works is you choose a bread, then you choose a protein, and then you choose the style you want your sandwich made (essentially, what toppings you want).  I chose the flatbread with pulled pork topped with cheddar cheese and bacon.  I just can't put into words how amazing it was.  It was huge, filling, piping hot, meaty, juicy and oozing with melted cheddar cheese.  Every time I bit into the sandwich, the contents would drip out the sides... it was sloppy, yes, but the best kind of messy and sloppy there is! My husband chowed down on the rib eye meat done Philly style (Philly Cheese Steak, guys), and I could tell he was mesmerized with it.  Didn't utter a word.  Didn't look up from the sandwich at any point.  I think he liked it... If you're in the neighborhood, or have access to getting here for God's sake, just go for it!  100% worth it!
My boyfriend and I drove out to White Plains for the day to check out the NY Knicks D-League job fair. When we got out, it was around lunch time, and we were pretty hungry. I got on my Yelp app, and searched for restaurants. This one popped up as a top it. Yelpers haven't let me down yet, so we decided to give this a try. We were in for a treat. This is a cute little sandwich shop. They give you dozens of options especially since you can pick your own combos. First, you choose your bread. I got the short ($6.50). Then you choose your smokes and roasts - meat. I picked the slow roasted turkey breast. The maple honey ham sound delicious too, but I decided to take the "healthy" approach.  Finally, you choose your combo. All the options sounded delicious, but my boyfriend and I decided on The Mushroom - sautéed mushrooms, mozzarella cheese, and au jus. The sandwich was freaking delicious. Can turkey melt in your mouth? Cause this definitely did - much like chocolate. It was thinly sliced and packed full of flavor. The combo we chose just added to the deliciousness of this sandwich. My boyfriend and I shared, but we were contemplating going back to order another one. We ordered a salad too, so we still had that to eat. The salad was good. We ordered the spinach salad, which had apples, figs, candied walnuts, mangos, red onions. It was great, but this place is obviously known for its sandwiches, so stick to those! 1 sandwich, 1 salad, and 1 soda set us back $17. A little pricey, yes, but totally worth it. Plus, we had some leftover salad for dinner. ----- QUICK TIPS. The sandwiches are amazing, so order your own! ;)
Awesome spot! I travel around the states and this had to be the best sandwich spot I've ever been to. I ordered the Blackened Pastrami Ruben  and WOW!! Absolutely the best sandwich I've ever had!! The staff were fun, helpful and friendly. I will defiantly eat here again. A definite must for any sandwich lover.!!
The sandwiches at Melt are out of this world! They have an excellent selection of different smoked and roasted meats, their topping combinations are creative and delicious, the portions are huge, and the prices are reasonable. If you crave a sandwich, this is hands down the best place in the area. I'll even go a bit farther and say that a Melt sandwich would hold it's own against the best sandwich places anywhere, it's really that good! I visited recently and was informed that they're going to be adding online ordering soon and extending their delivery hours (they currently close earlier in the evening and at 3pm Saturday). I hope they hurry up with that because I'm going to order dinner from this place at least once a week.
I was working in White Plains for the day and needed to find a place for a quick lunch between meetings.  I went on Yelp and found Melt.  The concept is different than most deli shops.  Fresh prepared meats with a list of possible toppings from standards to unique conceptions.  My sandwich was a short black pepper pastrami with ruben toppings.  Not  your standard ruben.  Very juicy and finger licking good. If I find myself back in white plains I will try to make another stop at Melt! Yum!!
Came here with bunch of friends after 5 mile run.. It was around 11:30. Our first time here and let me tell you we all loved it. It took us a while to decide on what kind of bread, meat and combination but staff was extremely helpful and patient, we were extremely slow, so many different options. We all went with different sandwiches and we all loved it..I would recommend this place.. Nice change to boring sandwich
I have used yelp for a while now to find great good but I've never taken the time to write a review. I couldn't even finish eating before signing in and writing a rave review for the Melt Sandwich shop. This place is amazing. I had the pulled pork, mango, on a short roll. I think at safe to say this may be the best sandwich I have ever tasted. The flavors are so perfect. Seriously. Come right now and get you one of these. The staff was super friendly and helped me order based on popular choices. I just found this place and I'm moving away in two days. I may come back just to eat here again.
Great soup and salads. Must have at least once a week. Everyone is also always very kind and helpful. The house dressing is addictive.
Great sandwich, the best I have ever tried. The variation of meat and sauce is awesome. Inexpensive and delicious. Had more than 8 times in one month and still feel fresh and tasty. Highly recommended for sandwich lovers!
I've been coming here for years, Billy makes the best sandwiches in the tri state area. My favorite is the pulled pork with mango, no maybe the roast turkey with Italian.  The slow roasted tomatoes are delicious.
A brilliant concept-- great food selections/ healthy!! Order anything and you will be satisfied! Highly recommend this place If you're local or tourist or
Melt ruined all other sandwich shops for me. Wow. My wife and I stopped in here, planning on eating on the road. After seeing all the dripping goodness, we may the wise choice to eat in the car. I had the Mac melt with aged beef, she devoured the BBQ with pulled pork. They only sounds leaving our car were sounds of satisfied eaters. Just amazing food. They make all their own meats and if you get there too late in the day, they will likely be sold out of some of them.
It's puzzling to me the rave reviews on here about these being the best sandwiches around. This is false. Not only are they not the best, they're not even in the top ten. And you're paying twice as much. I guess the place is good if you're into overpriced, mediocrity...since I'm not, I will steer clear of Melt. Just not worth it.
Love everything about this place, except when I come late sometimes they're out of my usual whole wheat short bread.  But that just means they restock daily and their ingredients are very fresh!  I think everything is made in house and meats are slow cooked & charbroiled, breads are warmed up with meats and toppings....so yummy! Soups are fantastic as well.  Everything I've had has been delicious.  Well worth the try!!!  The guys are great too, always nice.
An amazing concept. One of the best sandwiches I ve ever had. Very friendly service. I took pepper salami on a flat bread with mozzarella onions and mushroom and it was VERY good. Enjoy
This rating got bumped up from 2 to 3 stars because my husband loved his Philly Cheese-steak sandwich. I ordered their version of a garden salad. It was presented in a tiny bowl with minimal lettuce tomato and maybe 6 or 7 chickpeas which were sparse but fresh. The white balsamic vinaigrette was good and the salad wasn't drenched in it. I ordered some in-house roasted mustard and rosemary pork loin. The serving was ridiculously meager, maybe 1 oz., and while it was great, I definitely didn't taste any mustard or rosemary. TLDR: My dissatisfaction was my fault for ordering a salad (idiot) at a Sandwich shop! I can't help it that I limit my carbs so I can splurge on beer instead. :) Eat here if you're crazy about sandwiches. My husband said his (messy) Philly Cheesesteak was fantastic and the bread was super fresh.
Went for lunch, had the bbq pulled pork on a long roll with the mango salsa. I'm such a sucker for mango, and sounded like it might be interesting. IT WAS DELICIOUS.    10/10, would do again. I brought my brother along, who is really picky with his food. He also said it was delicious, and asked to come back soon! Which is extraordinarily rare for him, I was shocked. The food is amazing, to say the least, and the people who work there all seem to be pretty friendly and cheerful. The guy working the cash register was really polite, and his schmoozing game was on point! I guess I wish there were slightly more tables inside, there's only a handful of them crammed into a small space, but it's about average size for a small shop. The sandwiches are out of this world, which pretty much renders every negative obsolete. GO HERE, if you haven't. You haven't had a sandwich til you've had a melt sandwich. Oh, and get a long roll. It's the perfect size if you eat a lot (like me), and if not just take the rest for the road. Definitely would make a great snack for no reason other than to treat yourself. :D
Went here for dinner a few weeks ago and I still dream about their sandwiches! The food is fresh and the service is fabulous. The staff is very personable, always addressing you by your name, making you feel as though you are at a friend's house (a friend who makes amazing sandwiches). I especially love that there are so many options to what kind of sandwich you can get and everything is made fresh that day.  Love this place
OMG! This place is amazing. I ate here about 3 times while working in NY. My favorite was the spicy mango pork sandwich. They have an interesting menu, you choose your style, your bread, then your meat. I really like spicy so "the spicy" was good for me, but I also tried what I think was called the Italian and it was delicious too!. Definitely recommend it! A++
MELT just happened...like falling in love or unexpected discharge. We stopped randomly at the first place we saw on a shopping trip to White Plains. There was a fat hipster sitting at one of the handful of tables outside, simultaneously smoking a cigarette and eating what appeared to be a substantial sandwich- so immediately I started to regret the decision. For me it's like seeing a roach in a restaurant. A fat, bearded, ironic roach. "Maybe he is French!", I thought, trying to rationalize his douchebag behavior. THAT would, at the very least, give this sidewalk cafe a little European cache. But no...just a typical inconsiderate assh*le. Alas. Upon entering the small store things immediately looked brighter. We were greeted by a young, friendly guy who helped us to navigate their offerings and suggested two combinations we might enjoy. As previous reviews have stated, you choose your bread, then your meat, then the preparation. It's a little like Subway in this regard- if Subway wasn't corporate, impersonal, bland and horrendous in every way. I had the homemade peppered pastrami with swiss, pickles and spicy mustard and my wife had the pastrami with gruyere, sauteed onions and au jus. Both sandwiches were unique, thoroughly delicious and on par with some of the best delis I've tried in the city (at a fraction of the cost). The pastrami was spicy, tender and not too fatty, which I tend to appreciate. Don't try to unload your stringy buttmeats on me, good sir! I won't stand for it. Overall, a great little place. I will certainly go back next time I'm in the area. Suck it, Subway.
The sandwiches are so good that I've dreamt about them. Very good, helpful service and a pretty expansive menu. Prices, even for a larger sandwich, are very reasonable. Seating is quite limited, so in the future I may choose to take my sandwich to go.
Best sandwiches in Westchester County, seriously good.  I usually get the chicken bacon cheddar which is amazing.  The meat selection is the best I've seen in the area, and the add-ons make it the best!
I ate here last week around noon and was expecting to have to wait for a while given all of the great reviews.  I was wrong about the wait, but right to trust the Yelpitariat's opinion of their food. I ordered quickly and got what was basically a perfect sandwich, at a perfect price, served speedily by friendly staff.  I had a short, pulled pork sandwich done in the "Bacon Cheddar" style (it's more than just bacon and cheddar, btw).  One of cooks wandered over to my table to see how my food was; I love that kind of attention.  Can't wait to visit again!
After reading a bunch of great reviews here on Yelp about MELT I decided I had to give it a try.   Upon entering, the staff was really helpful and friendly.  They gave my girlfriend and I great recommendations on what they really enjoyed.  I decided to go with the Italian.  This came with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, and slow roasted tomatoes.  I went with the chicken as my meat of choice.  My girlfriend got the pulled pork spicy.  This came with green chili, red onions, and white cheddar.  Both were really good.  The spicy really lives up to its name.  It was definitely spicy to say the least. Overall, I really enjoyed MELT.  They have a great selection of sandwiches as well as grilled pizza options and salads.  I want to try a bunch of other combinations so I will absolutely be coming back in the near future.
I've had my last Melt sandwich.  They've scaled down the meat portion by half. I went with friends this week to see if there was any change from 2 weeks ago - no. If Melt is trying to save money by doing this they are also driving customers away. Bye bye Melt.
Friendly as heck, great value ($8.50 for a HUGE sub), and delicious ingredients, this place is the real deal. If only my work took me to White Plains more often.
What's to say.. other than the best sandwich you can get.  Especially the pastrami reuben.  shudder.
On our way back from a trip else in Westchester, my fiancee and I decided to stop by the old hometown and eat lunch at Melt. It wasn't around when I was growing up, but it's a nice throwback to memory lane, mainly because the jams on the radio station were more geared towards those I listened to when I was younger. There are several tables-for-2 inside, but you can also go outside and sit at the tables there as well (I think). Ordering is easy enough for sandwiches - pick your meat, what kind of style you'd like, and the kind of bread. It gets prepped quickly enough (we had our sandwiches in 5-7 minutes, I'd say, with a couple orders ahead of us). Service was pretty standard - nothing too remarkable about it either in the positive or negative sense. As for the sandwiches themselves, they're pretty decently sized - we got the flat-bread versions, and I was only able to take down half of it before being full - so you're quite likely to have some leftovers. I ended up going with the ancho chili brisket, which was really good - a hint of spice, although it was definitely dominated by the brown sugar that was included, which made it a bit sweeter than I would have preferred. Done BBQ style added another layer of sauce to an already heavily-marinated meat, while the gorgonzola was a nice addition - not too heavy on the cheese. My fiancee had the pulled pork done as a BLT, which worked out really nicely - you got the clean, juicy flavor of the pork, combined with the slight greasiness of the bacon and tempered by the veggies. In all, it's a very reasonably-priced meal (sandwiches range from $6.50-$8.50), and you'll definitely be full by the time you're done. While having options is great, I think it'd be useful if perhaps there was a 'natural' fit in mind for the meat/style options that people who aren't as hung up on picking and choosing (like myself) can default to. While I really liked my sandwich, my choice just ended up being doused in sauces that made it a bit tricky to make out the brisket. In all, a good addition to town, and I'd definitely recommend coming by if you're in the mood for a sandwich!
Sandwich creations are amazing. It is my new addiction every time I am in Westchester.
Awesome and delicious!  Creative and innovative.  I'm glad this has survived because Imho this is the best sandwich shop around.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was due to the particular mess these sandwiches make and the possible cardiac arrest one may get from eating one.  Utterly delicious though and possibly worth the risk...
Melt has great food. Bill and Kristin always make me feel like I'm at home. Food is always fresh and delicious. I even got some of my family to go there. I've never had a problem there.
We came up here from out of state on a visit to NY and it was the best part of the trip!  The owners are extremely nice and hospitable and the food is amazing!   I had the mango combo with grilled portabella mushroom on flat bread.  While all the flavors of the sandwich melded together perfectly, it was the homemade flat bread that got me.  I think I could just eat the flat bread by itself for a meal.  I also had the Field Greens salad which was pretty spectacular by itself! I hope the next branch opens in MN; I have more sandwich combinations I need to try!  Thank you so much for everything!
I'm so glad I live 2 blocks away from this place....this place has the best sandwich in White Plains!!
The Good - The owner is a very nice  and friendly man. The place is tiny and that's OK...sort of a cute little sandwich shop nestled among the larger stores of the White Plains downtown district. The Bad - The sandwiches were very average. For all the hype about doing everything in-house....I wasn't impressed. There are other places in Westchester that are as good and better. There was adequate staff present, but they were not focused on keeping the few tables clean and bussed. One was eating his lunch next to us and the other was chatting with the owner. Dirty tables are a turn off. The Ugly - The floor was dirty and the entire place looked dingy. Not  "one busy day" grimy, but unkempt. Very unappetizing. Made me wonder if this was acceptable, how is my food being stored and handled? I won't be back to give MELT a 2nd try.
Constantly traveling for business, I rely on yelp to make most of my decisions on where to go to grab a bite to eat.  This is why... This place got great reviews and rightfully so.  I had the spinach salad and a grilled flatbread chicken (cuban style).  The sandwich was amazing, fresh, and flavorful.  Furthermore, the salad was outstanding!!!  The cranberries, walnuts, mango, and spinach had the perfect amount of the perfect salad dressing on it. I truly wish I had one of these shops everywhere I traveled so I could try everything they had.  Everything was delicious without being extremely heavy.  The people running this place were friendly as well, which is equally important to me.  This is a rare find indeed.  I will be back next time I am around.
MELT is very, very dangerous little sandwich shop. It is unorthodox for those people who mistakenly think sandwich shops include the likes of Subway and Quizno's. When you walk into the small, dark place, you are greeted with the wonderful aromas of bread and savory au jus. To order, you must first choose a roll size and the type of meat for your sandwich. I have had the beef, pork, and turkey, all of which were cooked to tender perfection. There is also a grilled portabella mushroom sandwich, although vegetarians and vegans won't find much else of note here. You then choose your "combo" or style of sandwich, from the "Philly" (onions & cheddar) to the "Reuben" (corned beef, sauerkraut, thousand island) to more exotic flavors like mango, which is my personal favorite. Your sandwich is typically complete inside of 10 minutes, even when the place is packed during weekday lunch hours. The staff is friendly and quick, the sandwiches are large and on-par with other places in price, and there are a couple of small tables inside and a handful outside if you want to eat on the premises. Overall, this a solid spot for lunch and makes a fantastic take-out order if you are looking for something that isn't your typical pizza or takeout fare. If you live in White Plains and you are not a vegetarian, you owe it to your taste buds to check out MELT. You won't regret it.
I never realized how horrible deli subs were until I ate at Melt. This place, no joke, is making some of the best subs out there. Hot, fresh, awesome. They even make their own meats, which is something you just don't see at a sandwich shop every day. I went with the corned beef, mozzarella, jalepeno, au jus sandwich and it was frickin unbelievable. The bread was piping hot, the cheese was crisped up a bit in the oven, the meat was succulent and sopping wet in all that au jus juiciness. I was losing my mind. Such a good meal. Take a look at the pic I posted to see just how sweet this thing was. Easily the best sandwich I had in the last few years. You must check this place out!
Best in WP by far! Very friendly staff. A little stuffy in there at times, but still a great place Favorites: -Chargrilled burger-Chedder Bacon [one of the best burgers I have ever had] -Short-Mahi Mahi-Mango -Grilled Chicken Flat Bread Pizza w/ goat cheese & spinach So Flavorful & Fresh. A very good add to to this flavorless town. Try their house-brewed unsweetened iced tea! Tip: I park over at the CVS parking lot to avoid paying the meter a block over. [or that street behind it, to be on the safer side ^_-]
Oh how I wish this sandwich shop was in my neighborhood. My fiance and I stopped by for lunch while we were in the area. The people behind the counter helped us by getting us acquainted with their ordering system, and recommended popular sandwiches. I got the BBQ pulled pork with mango topping on a flat bread. I drool just thinking about it. My fiance got pastrami with french onion topping. During our pig-out session, the gentleman behind the counter (possibly the owner? manager?) asked us how everything was. Super friendly place and amazing sandwiches.
Haven't been there in two months - had withdrawal symptoms all this time. Hallucinates every time I thought about a sandwich. Finally made it in this past Monday - Whooo!!!
Okay, I'm gonna give these guys the best review they ever got. Before, a sandwich was just a sandwich. Then I went to melt because of the reviews, a saw that their sandwiches are not just sandwiches, but spiritual experiences! The food is that fuckin' good. Get the philly with the ancho chile brown sugar brisket. Best cheesesteak I've ever eaten. The top sirloin, the corn beef, eve the freakin' bread is amazing. Try it. You won't regret it.
This place is amazing! I read the reviews here and figured I should try but if you want a delicious sandwich with really friendly staff. This is the place. I can't wait to come back. If I go to heaven I want there to be this sandwich shop!
Really nice, small restaurant with friendly, personable ownership. Mango pulled pork is a personal favorite but there are tons of great options that are totally customizable. Seating can get a little tight but, hey, it's all good.
My friends live over in White Plains and they're constantly tweeting and talking about this sandwich ship, MELT. Well, I went to go visit them the other day for lunch and they took me here. A-mazing. It's really cool because you can really create your own sandwich. First, you pick your bread (shot, flat, or long). Second, you pick your meat. Lastly, you choose your "combo," which is basically the extra toppings. Well, I got the flatbread with pulled pork and the BBQ combo (gorgonzola cheese, tomatoes, bacon, and BBQ sauce)... it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Super messy and somewhat hard to pick up, but 100% worth it. They have so many different combination options... it was hard to choose, but hey, it's just a reason for me to go back when I'm in the area. Also, they had blood orange sparkling water... awesome. Altogether, me meal came to about $10, which isn't bad at all. They have limited seating, but it's definitely possible to sit down and enjoy your sandwich. If you're in the White Plains area and looking for a new (delicious) place for lunch, go to MELT. I promise you won't be disappointed. I almost guarantee you'll turn into a regular... I would if I lived over there.
This place Rocks!!! I've been coming here for a few years now and should have put this review up long ago. They really need to be on the Food Network! Always ask what's on the specials that really don't exist unless you ask. Must try the pork loin w broccoli rabe and melted provolone. The soups are absolutely outrageous!! This guy is the real deal. Excellent service!!!!
The pulled pork sandwich is outstanding. The chipotle sauce is nice. The people are nice and friendly here, great quick service. The "Philly" melt with cheese whiz that my friend had looked great - -would've tried it but she had the flu. Next time I'm definitely trying the pizza salad!!!
How do I describe this food establishment..oh yeah..YUMALICIOUS!!  They have a huge menu with different types of bread for sandwiches and grilled flat bread pizza. Everything is so good and fresh it makes decisions difficult.   The staff is also super nice and efficient.  As far as portions are concerned, you will probably have something left over for later.
Found a new favorite! Wish I had discovered Melt before the end of the school year, but I'll be returning (hopefully) regularly when I'm back from the summer to try everything else they've got. Brisket and all of the staff: Equally yummmmy. ;)
This is a must eat spot sandwich was so good I think I even ate the paper lol. MUST TRY
Love this place. I am a local small business owner and I try to support the same. The staff are all very nice and helpful & the food is all fresh and delicious.  I have been there twice in the last 2 months and had a sandwich once and a salad the other time.  If you are a meat eater, I'm sure this place is incredible.  I don't eat meat however and my only complaint is that there isn't that much to choose from that is vegetarian or a "healthier" option.  I did have the Ruben sandwich with portabello mushrooms and it tasted amazing.  Not something I could eat everyday, but really delish. I would recommend MELT without reservation.
THE BEST! This is the best sandwich place I've been to in a long time.  EVERYTHING is fresh -- the  meat, the home made bread, the toppings.  It's called Melt because every sandwich is toasted and melted in the pizza oven.  You just don't order ordinary sandwiches or pizza at this place.  Everything is very rich and fattening (unless you get a salad). This is NOT a restaurant, it's a kitchen.  There are only a few very small tables and some additional seating on the sidewalk. The "short," the round roll, is plenty for my lunch since all selections are very rich, but there's also the larger "long" and flat bread.  Then you choose the meat. I favor turkey, aged beef or chicken breast.  Toppings I LOVE are the Reuben, the BBQ, the Mango, the BLT and the Spicy.  Be advised that the chipotle on the Bacon Cheddar makes it very hot - not for children or the faint of heart.  The fresh toasted bread lifts these sandwiches to another level.   I wrote an addendum to this review and received not one, but two email "explanations" (one below) that didn't address my main complaint -- that sandwiches had become too dry, either not enough sauce or the cheese was not melted.  I really don't care who "created" these sandwiches, I only care that they are good.  The last few I've bought have been much better.  Perhaps the error was recognized and corrected?
It's clear that this place is run by a true artist who cares about his product. The pulled pork mango is beyond amazing.
Checked their website and said open 10:30am Sat. Drove all the way here, parked, the door sign said open 10:30. Walked in and they said they won't open till 11. It's 10:45 at the time. Anyway, not going back at much as I want to try it.
WOW. Went here to pick up lunch with co-workers. Got the pulled pork with Mango as someone on yelp had suggested. SO GOOD. The mix of mango cilantro and jalapeno was the right combination of sweet and spicy with a little touch of cilantro which i love so much. Almost had a banh mi feel with the cilantro and jalapeno combination. The pork was moist and fresh and falls apart the way it should. I would highly suggest it for a great sandwich. It certainly blows away any deli that is going to give you a cold cut sandwich.
I went to Melt on a Tuesday and was totally shocked as to how busy it was. Upon further examination, however, I realized that the customers were all being greeted by their first names, which is always a good sign for me. Being on a first name basis with multiple people leads me to believe that A) the quality of the food is good and B) they actually care about their customers. I ordered the aged beef with french onion topping and it was possibly the most delicious sandwich I've ever had. I had it on a flat bread that was perfectly toasted, cheese wondrously melted and it was honestly the first meal I've had in a while that I felt I UNDERPAID for. That being said, the staff could have been a little more helpful (having not been to the  White Plains shop ever, I was unsure of where the line started and ended up hemming and hawing until someone finally acknowledged me). Otherwise the staff was generally friendly and agreeable. I do agree that the shop is small, but I'm not complaining since it's warm now and outdoor seating can be available. Their schedule is confusing for me, but I guess once I actually get that down I'll be fine hah. Melt is totally worth going to, just make sure you get in before the afternoon rush! (It's still worth the wait if you don't).
Great place. I'm very unfamiliar to the area so I went with the Yelp reviews. Well done people. I had a hard time picking which meat I want but ended up with a simple turkey breast with blt side. A very simple sandwich that was amazing. The meat was good and the balance of meat, to veggies, to bacon, to mayo was perfect. Plus, it was toasted by not nuked. Just right. Plus, the 2 guys working there were really nice and friendly.
Very tasty sandwiches. Worth the walk from wherever your office is. Parking might be difficult around this area, especially during the day. Always had good service. Haven't tried the pizza or salads because there is no reason to! Oh, but don't trust the "Kansas City BBQ". It's good but its more like a memphis sauce. The only thing I wish they did was change up and add more meats/toppings. I don't really see much new stuff, or s
This place is pretty darn cool. Each day they have different meat options, and lots of pre-paired options for toppings, but you can also customize, because that's what I did. I got the slow roasted turkey on a "short" roll, with lettuce, tomato, and white cheddar cheese. I sat outside and the "waitress" brought it to me. I could see how the outdoor area could use some work, but hey, honestly as long as I can sit outside at a table on a gorgeous day I'm content. My sandwich was delicious! They toasted the roll which always makes a difference. Turkey was quite possibly the best turkey I've ever had. Definitely was slow roasted, was kinda falling apart and incredibly juicy. A little pricey, over $8 for my rather small sandwich and bottled water, but it could be worse. Tip: I noticed after the fact, every time you check into the restaurant on foursquare you get $1 off of your order! Gotta keep that in mind for next time!
Came here today for the first time- was completely impressed. I love my sandwiches & this place was amazeballs!! The boyfriend got the turkey cheddar Mac which was like having a Big Mac (special sauce included) with slow roasted turkey!! Incredible! But mine was even better- brisket French onion! It was dripping with au jus & we finished every bite! Can't wait to come back & try something different! And the staff & owner were super nice :) the bread is made in house....you can totally tell they give a damn about what they're doing! Soo stoked to have found this place...and it was only $6.50 per sandwich! Yum yum yum!!!
Great Concept on a Sandwich Shop with wide selection of great tasting hot sandwiches... Always a hit when accommodating  dining for out of town coworkers.
I love Melt and its right down the street from me. The owners/workers are amazingly nice, no matter how busy or what time it is. Every sandwich i've tried is great. Their salads are huuge and more than worth the money. Also love the Orange mango natural soda they sell. Deducting one star because they only stay open until 6pm, i think theyd drum up even more business if they hired an extra shift of night time workers. yum!
Now this is how you make a sandwich! Better than expected, and I was coming in with high expectations. This place is amazing, I am a fan, wish it was closer or I'd be here all the time. The bread is fresh, meat was plenty and taste was delicious. Now here you can honestly call them sandwich artists as opposed to that other sandwich shop. I just wish they had a bigger cleaner location.
Very good place to eat.     I have gone here a few times for dinner, and its always a good experience, nice people there. My favorite is the Philly sandwich.     I usually have trouble reading the menu board up on the wall, but that problem is solved with their new take home menu they let me read. After getting my sandwich, someone always follows up by asking if everything is OK, its always a yes, even when I sat outside.     Just be aware of the parking meters outside, in front of the store and around the corner you have to pay until 6p.
I have only eaten here once, but apparently Melt is a White Plains lunch favorite.  As rumor has it, there are always lines out the door.  They have a great sandwich, pizza and salad selection, all made fresh to order.  They offer three bread types- short, flat, long.  You choose your bread, meat, and then type of sandwich. Here is what I had: Sandwich: I went for a flat pecan smoked brisket in the "bbq" style.  (bbq sauce, melted gorganzola, tomatoes, and bacon)   Salad: Small house field green salad with apples, cranberries, and walnuts (though I omitted these). Drink: Grapefruit mash Overall, the food taste, quality, service were great.  I am looking forward to going back an trying some of the other meat types or maybe a pizza.  I definitely got over-excited with my order though- a flat sandwich and a small salad were a bit too much.   Though this is a great lunch find, each sandwich and salad is prepared with care (and the sandwiches require some melting), so expect a longer wait than a deli or even a for a slice of pizza at your local pizza joint. As for eating in, there is a small space, but it might be a bit uncomfortable during busy times because those waiting for food crowd in the tables. Again, I look forward to returning- when I do I will update my review!
the 1118th review! ok, so they been around long enough in a pretty high ticket area that if they werent good, well, they would be here. i had the rosemary pork with cheddar and bacon and white balsamic.  my thoughts?  well first, eat it there, i took my to go and by the time i got to it the flat bread was starting to get too firm, which is not a good thing.  also the bacon bits were grisly. (its bacon you jerk!) yes, i know how bacon is made, im just saying it was a bit off putting and thats saying a lot for bacon. over all, i would absolutely come back, eat there (it was 97 out, i didnt want to be there or anywhere other than a freezer) pachooie chomp
I do not eat sandwiches frequently. But when I do, Melt is a luxurious treat. The sandwiches are messy, the meat mingling with the sauce of choice and the butter that coats the roll.  The sandwichmakers are craftsmen from a long lost guild.   High quality and focused.  A good choice for those who eat carbs, but want them with meat, savory sauces, and butter.
Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had and I say that having spent a weekend on NYC's East Side. I asked a buddy where to get a great sandwich in town and he said forget in town hit up Melt on your way home in WP. Considering I was driving and had time I thought I would, if for anything, a reason to tease him if the sandwich was lacking. Well, I need to thank him instead. I went traditional and had a long, black forest pastrami with the reuben toppings. Simply put excellent! I will make it a point to stop by Melt every time I'm in the area.
This place hands down has the best sandwiches in the greater NY-Metro area.  They use high quality, fresh ingredients with a great concept on sandwiches.  The salads are also delicious.  I enjoy the bulled pork mini with mango jalapeno topping! Yum!   I would have given it five stars but their catering service is sub par.  I've ordered large lunches for my team a few times and it's always showed up late (with cold sandwiches) and they've forgotten things like dressing for the salad.
Happened to be in the White Plains area and the logo and signage of this place grabbed my attention.  The sandwich was Excellent!!  The meats were fresh, and as opposed to what is often the case of grilled or pressed meat, it was still rare and tasted great! ONLY caveat that I can give is that we were STUFFED from eating the whole Flat sandwich, and prob. could have gotten away just sharing one.  It's a LOT of sandwich in there. Excellent concept, I'd be happy to dine again if they open downstate.
I love sandwiches. These sandwiches are so amazing that I contemplated moving to an apartment around the corner so that I could walk to MELT. Sandwiches are easy to customize and get a different way each time. Recommendations: Go with the flatbread. It is grilled and super amazing. Also, their bacon is chopped finely and amplifies any sandwich it accompanies. Go there now!
Must EAT!! It's a great little sandwich/salad/pizza shop! I think there sandwiches are some of the best I've ever eaten! The staff is also super friendly!  Fantastic! The only problem is it can get a little crowded around lunch time and there isn't much seating.
Love this place. First off, the guys who take your order over the phone are friendly, quick, and enjoyable to talk to. The Sandwiches are the best in the area. The bread is amazing, the perfect combo of crusty, soft and chewy. The meat is super high quality, and it's easy to see. The selection of cheese that they offer is wide and also of high quality. The delivery is fast on average usually under 30 minutes, never had to wait more than 40 for sure. My favorite there is the aged beef "The Bacon Cheddar". perfect combo of just enough spicy bacon and cheese mixed with the awesome beef they use. Shit takes my breath away na mean? Anyhow, I'd suggest this place to anyone who enjoys super high quality sandwiches at a fairly reasonable price with excellent service
Sandwiches are fantastic. Small spot - 4 little tables, so plan for takeout. Bummer that it's closed on Sunday.
Best sandwiches I've ever had, anywhere!!! Must go! You can't go wrong with anything you choose and the staff is very nice. Is it more expensive than your corner Subway? Yes... but it's worth every penny. They have somewhat odd hours, so many times if find them to be closed. Be sure to check hours before going in.
Small and limited menu. But talk about doing one thing and doing it well, there is no better sandwich than this place. Period, end of discussion.
So fresh and delicious!  The chef offers a batch of different homemade soup daily.  Take it from me, this soup is not to be missed, especially in the cold winter months.  The hearty curried lentil chicken is my absolute favorite.   I love the house-made wheat flatbreads so much that I think I could eat them even if they weren't stuffed with mouth watering combos such as the 'mango' (crisp cilantro, jalapenos, juicy mango and tangy red onion).  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.   My only complaint is that there is not another location closer to where I live!
Awesome. I fell in love with this place. The pork, turkey, top round beef, and brisket are all awesome and in that order IMO. I thought the french onion and bbq combos were pretty good, not great. The bacon cheddar and philly combos are my favorites of the ones I've treid. The remoulade that comes with the bacon cheddar is awesome. The owner is super friendly, I was stuggling between two choices once and he hooked me up with a couple samples to help me make up my mind
If you live/work anywhere near white white plains and haven't been here then u need to get on the ball and come here. Unreal sandwiches with quite friendly staff!
Incredible.  Top 5 sandwiches I've ever had.  Great service too.  I had the ancho chile brown sugar brisket w the bacon cheddar topping on long bread and it was ridiculous.  The guy working at the counter gave a great suggestion on what topping to pair w the smoked meat.  I consider myself somewhat of a sandwich aficionado and have eaten at defontes in Brooklyn sal and kris bomb sandwich in queens and I've eaten the gasm and Boone at SePort in setauket.  The sandwiches at melt rank right up there w all of them.
Just stopped by by referral from SamAsh music - great sandwich - they make their own flatbread - had the thanksgiving special - and it was excellent! They have their own way of ordering a sandwich - great for a change from the traditional way.
I Love MELT! Every time my husband and/or I go there we are always taken care of by friendly staff and the food is made-to-order fantastic! Plus the owners are the nicest people you could meet and what's better is they are living the dream! From salads, to pizza's and delicious soups in the winter and, oh! the sandwiches...my vice is a flat,  black pepper pastrami, melt Mac, extra napkins required...but if they are offering the green curry chicken soup that day...it gets my order every time.
My son recently moved to white plains from the city. He recommended melt just down the block from where he lives. We are visiting from the Detroit area and I was interested in a great sandwich. What a treat! I ha d the pork and split it with my wife.very good. The next day I had the roast beef with cheese and bacon,again wonderful.i also had a cup of their chicken noodle soup with tarragon leaves in the noodle dough.omg!  I thought four dollars was a little high for a cup but oh was it worth it! We will try the mango pork tomorrow. I give this place six stars if I could. Everyone was very friendly and I wish it was larger but the quality makes up for its limitations.thank you white plains
One of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Can't wait to go again.
A must do for lunch. It's my favorite sandwich shop period. I can't ever try anything but the pulled pork with mango or the green chili mix. Yum
I went again the other day. Seems they improved a bit. I had an enjoyable experience. I got my food to go as usual, but didn't pre-order it, and it still came out pretty fast. It seems they increased the number of staff or something, but everything went smoothly. They also got some outdoor seating, solving the lack-of-seats issue. It was still just slightly expensive, but it's a premium sandwich, so what can you expect.
The ultimate sandwich, with bang for your buck. It's amazing that sandwich shops this good are such a rarity. The meats are all high-quality and fresh, the flatbread and most ingredients prepared on the premises. When you order the sandwich, you select a meat, a type of bread, and one of many unique toppings. The great thing is that there's usually some combination of meat and topping that you've never had, or at least, haven't had in a while, so it's hard to get tired of it. Apart from the sandwiches, I've only had the salads and pizzas, and they match up to the sandwiches in quality, though I still believe that the sandwich is what makes the place REALLY stand out. The service is fantastic - everyone is patient and friendly. When you eat your sandwich in the shop, the employees seek your feedback about it. My brothers and I, and most of our friends, are regular customers here, regularly reminded of why we love it so much. It also feels good to support a small business with a product of a quality that is sorely missing in most chain restaurants - even Panera and ABC don't quite stack up. I know that my review sounds like an advertisement, but I think that that's the sign of a great establishment.
I must have driven by this place a thousand times and always said that I should stop in but never did until recently. Man am I glad I did I had a cubano sandwich with mustard pork, this sandwich was amazing and very filling. Everything else looked really good as well and I want to go back to try the grilled pizza.
The worlds greatest.
I found out about Melt from a friend at my job. It's a sandwich shop yes, but they are more than that. They have great grilled pizza and salads and a breakfast menu but the different meat sandwiches with combinations is what I go for. I only wish they were open later on Saturdays. I got the aged beef top round with blt combination... it was ridiculous. If you have never been to this place do yourself a favor. Go get the sandwich Now!
All I can say is WOW! The food at Melt manages to taste extremely fresh while coming at you extremely quickly! I like the sandwiches ( a whole grain flat with grilled chicken spicy style), but I really love their grilled flatbread pizzas. I get the whole grain pizza grilled chicken style... It has huge chunks of goat cheese and juicy tomatoes with fresh cut spinach! Wow it is sooo delicious!! My boyfriend loves the pulled pork and aged beef which he usually gets bacon cheddar style. Prices are Great! We will both get a satisfying dinner for 20$. My major issue with Melt is the hours. Their weekend hours are short, and don't provide dinner hours. Even the weekday hours are short and somewhat unpredictable. I hope as it becomes more well-established they can stay open longer. The owner is a nice guy and more importantly a really talented chef. All the sauces are homemade and the roasts are smoked or roasted in house. A must try in the downtown White Plains area.
The Reuben is on point.
Amazing
If you are thinking Panera, Atlanta Bread Co...don't. Go to Melt! This place is amazing. The food is off the charts good and so fresh. The owner (I think) Bill is such a nice guy and thanks everyone for their patronage. The prices are great and there is a wide selection of salads and sandwiches. They also do breakfast. Do yourself a favor and try this place!!
Got the Brisket and French Onion topping- it was SO GOOD.  The large size for $9 was the best lunch AND dinner I've had all week lol.
right now, there is half of a whole wheat flat, salmon, mango, sitting inches away from my computer screen. and as i'm trying to concentrate on this excel spreadsheet (though i guess, i'm still not working really, since i'm on yelp), the waft of the warm grilled bread and mangoes and jalapenos and cilantro and (always fresh) fish seem to be calling to me persistently. i'm resorting to hiding it away in a drawer until i feel like i /actually/ need a snack (and not just eating it because it's /there/) ... which would be now. excuse me. ;)
Excellent. Really, truly an amazing sandwich. Think of it more as a great BBQ place that makes even better sandwiches. They also make salads and pizza. I consider myself a true aficionado of the sandwich, and this place satisfies every time. Recommendation: Get the brisket, with the bacon cheddar. You won't be disappointed.
OMG.....I think since discovering this little gem a couple of weeks ago, I have patronized it at least five times and have sent several people there with unanimous approval. Your sensory experience begins the moment you walk through the door and take a good whiff of the wonderful aromas of the smoked meat dominating the air. Everyone of the staff are warm, welcoming, and genuine in there request for feedback. The sandwiches purely indulgent. You first pick your bread, I have a preference for the flatbread which is like a nan. Then you pick your meat of choice, the applewood smoked brisket and pulled pork are amazing. After that you pick from different combinations, i like the spicy and french onion. The  pulled pork pizza is also worth trying. I highly reccomend this place. It will exceed your expectations, you will leave this feeling full body, and soul with a great experience
I finally made it to Melt a couple of weeks ago -- haven't tried any of the sandwiches yet, but am a huge fan of the pizzas and salads! The food was well made and delicious! Will definitely be going back to try the sandwiches. Just wish the place was bigger and open more often! Also, love that they do lunch delivery in White Plains on the weekdays!
I thought i would be limited to Subway moving to WP from Manhattan.  Little did I know!  The flat bread sandwich - brisket with french onion sauce is worth every minute on the treadmill.  I also love their spinach salad with salmon when I don't feel like working out for an hour.  Best sandwich and such friendly staff!
Honestly one of the best places to eat in White Plains. Everything you eat is amazing here! The only problem I have is I can't choose what I LOVE MOST!
Awesome lunch spot, great sandwiches with big portions, and a attentive staff too.
This sandwich shop is otherworldly good.  Coming from someone who could consume sandwiches as his eternal sustenance for the rest of his life, if I got hit by a bus after eating this sandwich I would have died a very, very, VERY happy man.  This modest little sandwich shop has got it figured out and serves some of the best sandwiches you will find anywhere.  Listen to the majority of the Yelp reviews and ignore any negative or less than 3 star reviews, because those people are idiots and clearly don't know what a good sandwich is.  But don't trust this foodie fool's opinion, just come here and experience this sandwich revelation yourself.  I guarantee that you'll leave here and compare every other sandwich to this place's for the rest of your life. I went with the long roll because I'm all about taking down a sloppy overflowing torpedo in one sitting.  And after reading all the rave reviews of this place, I was confident that it was not going to disappoint.  Plus I live in New Haven now, so who knows when my next opportunity would be to relish in this sandwich heaven.  I had a tough time selecting just one of the daily smoked and roasted meats, but I went with the aged beef top round because I have a tough time resisting any kind of aged meat!   The combo section made this already difficult decision even harder, because they all sound soooo tasty.  I asked the guy behind the counter for some guidance and he pointed me toward the melt mac: special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions.  Aged beef, special sauce, and PICKLES?!? This guy must be some kind of minder reader or something. The small outdoor dining area was full, so I grabbed a seat on the comfy pleather cushioned bench as I anxiously awaited my order to be fulfilled.  Peaking behind the small counter, all the bread looks to be locally sourced and you can really tell when you sink your teeth into the perfectly toasted and fresh dough.  They hand deliver your sandwich to you if you're seated outside, but they didn't have to go far to hand me my sandwich as I was giddy like a kid on Christmas morning and came running up when my name was called.  I hastily unwrapped my sub and was quite pleased to see that the artisan bread was at least a foot long, maybe even a little longer. There was melted cheese hardened on the outside and was overflowing with lettuce and special sauce goodness. You could see a blackened char on the inside of the sliced sub roll, which really added a great crunch and smokiness that brought everything together. This ain't no dainty sandwich, but one that requires numerous napkins as there is an abundance of flavor and pure ecstasy that comes with each bite.  The aged beef top round had so much flavor and juice on its own, but coupled with the bold flavors of the special sauce (kinda like a chipotle aioli), melted cheese, and crispness of the lettuce and pickles, this really is the epitome of the perfect sandwich. It really saddens me that I can't eat at this place regularly, because I'd gladly become obese trying the numerous combinations from their menu.  To cap this great experience off, an older gentleman personally asked me and a number of other patrons how our meal was.  I think this was the owner, but I did appreciate this welcoming gesture in an unassuming sandwich shop.  It just goes to show you how much he cares that his customers are satisfied and that he has passion for his craft.  This guy is the man and I made sure to tell him how awesome his sandwiches are.  And I will be sure to tell everyone and anyone I know in the area that they MUST experience this sandwich nirvana first hand.
One of the best sandwich shops I've ever stepped foot in. A laid-back storefront on Mamaroneck Avenue, Melt serves a variety of sandwiches that aren't just absolutely delicious but big in size, too. I got The Mushroom and it was honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Don't waste your time, energy or money on something like Subway or Quiznos - they don't even compete. If you're a Foursquare fan, check in to receive a dollar off your order of $10 or more.
Love the flat sandwiches- mango combo is definitely my favorite. Do not hesitate to try the pizza (they use the same awesome char-grilled bread) or the salads. Quality ingredients not to disappont.
This place is great. In fact it was so great, I went here 3 days in a row after discovering it. While a little expensive, they serve up great, tasty foods that are some of the best in White Plains. I'm a big fan of their sandwich-composition model that gives you nearly endless combinations.
Ordered a Field green salad topped with fish for lunch which was ridiculously delicious as well as Grilled asparagus pizza which was also delicious. Slightly burnt but nothing drastic. Still enjoyed. It gets quite busy in there so if you are not looking to sit inside or out for lunch call and request  pick up. All together great place, delicious salads and pizzas.
Truly-as good as it gets! Everything here is excellent, the staff is very friendly, and the place is divine. If you go once, you'll be hooked! ....and don't forget to try their grapefruit soda! Super Yummy!
They smoke and cook their own meat. What more is there to say.  But I'll go on briefly... My wife and son always get the pulled pork.  My wife loves the flatbread (which is the base for the good pizzas).  I always go with a long to get as much as possible.  The pastrami is some of the best I've had and I would call myself and aficionado.  The mango combination is spicy (which I like).
This place is pretty good!  The staff was very friendly and helped us concoct two vegetarian sandwiches.  I had a portobello  mushroom sandwich with the mango combo (very yummy, the sweetness of the mango mixed very well with the spicy jalapenos) and my husband had a roasted tomato/portobello with the spicy combo (not as great, but still good).
How am I just discovering this place?  Absolutely everything you want in a sandwich shop and neighborhood place.  Quality, creativity, taste....it is all there.  I will be back again and again.  Ditch the regular fare and get yo ass down to Melt.
This place is great. Really good subs and sandwich. I love the fact that you can pick your choice of bread (bun, sub roll or flatbread), pick your choice of meat and then your topping. I ordered the aged beef top on a sub roll and it was fantastic. The beef was thinly sliced, very flavorful and seasoned perfectly. Only downside to this place is that there are only 4 small tables. There's also outdoor sidewalk seating, but hey it's been 100+ degrees.
Always wanted to go here but I stopped working in WP just a few weeks after they opened. I was working a one day event close to the area and wanted to grab a bite here. Staff was very friendly for sure but the food was lacking. The "Flat" bread is not thin or crispy like you would think it is thick and doughy. Also I dislike a sandwich that is poorly built so when you pick it up to eat it everything slides out the back.. And I agree with other reviewers the dripping AC when you walk in is gross, and it leaves a mildew smell in the shop. Sorry I won't return :(
not your average sandwich shop. i love that you can come up with a hundred different combinations of sandwiches here with all being delicious, albeit on the salty side. my favorite is the bbq pulled pork and the ribeye with grilled onions. yuuumm. another plus is how the staff welcome you like family everytime you step in.
Brisket on flat bread spicy... I think I have died and gone to heaven...
Melt is amazing! I worked in White Plains and honestly going to melt was always a treat. It gives off the great vibes of a NY sub shop and the hustle and bustle of the NY area. There is seating outside for beautiful days and inside for not so nice ones. The subs are superb! Of course being a place called melt the sandwiches are a little messy but they are delicious!
I am a regular at melt and finally decided to write a review because they are consistent!  I adore their flatbread and have tried almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed!  Great customer service,  great fresh and tasty sandwiches! Keep up the good work. Ill be back. Again and again.
Solid lunch stop in WP.  Pulled pork with mango and the brisket are great for first timers and everyday fans.
Wow...good call yelpers! Not a fancy place by any means, but a not-a-chain place that makes a freaking delicious sandwich! I got the bbq pork with mango toppings and pastrami with reuben toppings, and a spinach salad and it was incredible...fresh, well cooked, I got them on long bread (sub rolls). Good stuff!
Have tried 6 different sandwiches and they have all been delicious. The owners are super nice and the staff is so friendly. I love this place. My only complaint is that it closes too early on Saturdays.
Heard about MELT, but you're vegetarian, so you decided to pass?  DON'T!  Trust me, there's good stuff to be had!  The portobello and blue cheese pizza is AMAZING.  I crave it constantly.  I promise, you will not be dissapointed.  I tried a sandwich one day, just to give it a whirl.  Portobello Mushroom with the mango topping.  Eh.  The mango wasn't completely ripe, which kind of killed it for me.  But seriously, stick with the pizza and you'll be fine! Some drawbacks: the tiny size of the place means eating in can be rough and the line is always very long (but moves fast).
They are excellent.  Small store front so gets crowded.  Call ahead and pick up or go with delivery.
Amazing Food and Variety. Very kind and helpful. The place is very small and only has a couple tables to sit at. Overall great experience.
These sandwiches are awesome! If you like hot sandwiches and cheese, this is the place. Great concept; choose your meat then the "style" (pre-set toppings w/cheese, dressing) and your bread. Sort of a subway/quizno's thing...but fresh and good.
Great place, able to customize your own sandwich.  As soon as you walk in you can smell the food.  Yummy.  The chicken sandwich was one of the best we had.
I'm surprised MELT hasn't been reviewed here yet. Boy do they have good stuff. Despite the very poor directions given elsewhere (not YELP), I found them today, and I highly recommend them. They are next to Good To Go, and just past CVS heading towards the firehouse on Mamaroneck Ave. They are not near the bend at Bloomingdale Rd., as indicated elsewhere. Look for them, you will be glad you did. Take a look at the pdf file (they don't have their own website yet)  for their menu. Choose your bread, your meat/fish, and your toppings, and enjoy. Here are some pictures of their sandwiches. If the burger sandwich I had is any indication, yes, they are all as good as they look: sharon-thegoodlife.blogs…
4th time in a few weeks. Great local spot with great local selections. Picked up a long slow roasted turkey sandwich with a Cuban style combination....all i can say is yummo aka Rachel Ray...lol
Not your average sandwich joint. Great, savory sandwiches!
I go to lunch in white plains at least once a week with my office buddies.  While we do like to switch it up regularly... MELT is always in the rotation.   The pork loin combo'ed with the mango is the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  The Melt Mac Burger, briscut... literally everything on their menu is fantastic.  To add to that the owner and his wife are two of the kindest most caring business owners I have ever met.  You can tell they have a passion for their work and it shows through in their product.  I highly recommend making trips to MELT a regular endeavor.  A+ Establishment
I had a similar experience as Dave C.  Very very poor customer service.  Actually, down right rude.  I placed an order for delivery and it didn't arrive for an hour and a half.  I called after 1 hour and 20 minutes and the gentleman who answered put me on hold and didn't come back.  I hung up and called back and AGAIN he immediately put me on hold and didn't come back.  I kept trying to call back and same thing over and over.  It was clear that he intentionally refusing to talk to me.  They keep this up and they will be of business in no time.  No one wants to deal with a business that is so rude to their customers.  Stay away from here, they don't value their customers.
One of the best, well made sandwiches I have had in a long time. All the workers are super nice and all the choices of foods are all fresh. I'll be going out of my way for these sandwiches in the future.
Best sandwich shop in the area and the sandwiches are huge. Try the pork - really good. I had the pizza too and although it was on the small side, it was very good.
Tasty, messy, ummy sandwiches, fresh as they get. Locally owned, unprocessed foods all created on site. Just go.
Excellent grilled sandwiches and salad's and great customer service.  I have been there at least 5 times over the last year and I cannot remember the owner not saying thanks for your business or have a great day when leaving.  Truly someone who cares deeply about his business and what the customers opinion of it is, great to see in this day and age.  Only drawback is if you are staying there to eat it is a little cramped.  Definitely could see them moving to a larger location or growing to other locations as they have a great concept and really know how to deliver.
Being a college student, sandwiches make up a large part of my diet, and MELT is simply amazing. Awesome hot sandwiches (maybe not the most healthy), but you will NOT be disappointed. You get to mix and match between 3 different sizes (which are really 3 different kinds of breads) and a slew of meats and toppings/sauces/preparations. They also have a pretty damn good burger too. If you're looking for lunch in WP, definitely check this place out.
This is as good as it gets.  The sandwiches are delicious.  This is the best pastrami...bar none.  The salads are a great deal too.. I tried the greek salad with grilled chicken.  It came in a large bowl with a light greek dressing.  The grilled chicken is tender and tasty...which is hard to find in these parts.  This is a must try recommendation!
I ordered lunch for my co-workers and I on a Friday a few weeks ago. We had someone pick up the food but when it got to our office in White Plains, it was warm and delicious. Every single one of my co-workers was so happy we ordered from here. They also made the process of ordering over the phone so simple. I will order from here again!
Stopped here on my way to Philly from Boston just from the yelp reviews and I was not disappointed. Bourbon brisket?! you got to be kidding me. One thing they can change,  get wet naps.  Sandwich was deliciously messy so those would'a helped the cleanup.
Very nice sandwich shop, just pick your sandwich size and from a few of the delicious meat selections paired with a combo and boom!  The decor is nothing special has a couple outside tables but really its not about the decor its all about the food.  I had aged beef with chipotle bacon and chedder cheese and I loved it.  Overall I really good place to great a meal, and one of the best if not thee best sandwich shop around!!
Possibly the best sandwich I have ever had.  I came here for lunch with two friends, and each of us was incredibly pleased with our selection.  The only mistake was that one of my friends got the short and later wished she had chosen the flat.  I went with the flat, and despite its deliciousness, I had the discipline to save half for later.  (This was only possible because the sandwich was so big.)  There are even vegetarian options, so don't let the long list of meat choices scare you away if you don't eat meat.  White Plains may not be the most ideal location for sandwich aficionados, but it is a great setting for Melt.
Was looking for something quick and local as I found myself  in this neighborhood for first time. You don't come here for the scenery and ambiance as it is small, limited seating and off a pretty busy street in town. You DO come here for the sandwiches, which are fresh made, hot and awesome!  Had a flatbread pork loin with bacon cheese and special sauce, was literally finger licking good.  Was skeptical as I was directed here by someone local, but I will gladly direct others to now do the same!
Amazing each sandwhich is a work of art! Love there menu layout unlike most places they create what's on the sandwhich and you choose the meat amazing concept! Love it.  Im from CT but ill be back again for sure!
So good it scares me, and of absurdly good value. I heard somewhere that your brain gets as much pleasure from eating a cheeseburger as it does from coitus. If this is true, Melt is an orgy.
Melt is one of my favorite go to places in White Plains. In the past 18 months, I've tried multiple combinations of sandwiches and salads. My favorites: the corned beef and pastrami, followed by the aged beef. Toughest decision is deciding which topping goes with my sandwich. My favorite salad: chicken caesar. Everyone on the staff is delightful.
Fantastic sandwich shop!!  Amazing food, great prices, huge portions, fast service.  Wish they would wipe down the sidewalk tables but other than that we absolutely loved it.
Though the seeating was sparse and the air conditioning did not work well, I must say the sandwiches are nigh but the best. Since I am a manly man I decided to get the aged steak with bacon and chipotle romulade. I got the long sandwich and then proceeded to enjoy a massive delicous meal that is unfindable in the rest of white plains. Shame it is a little bit of  a walk from my office, or maybe for the better because i would eat here every freaking day. They also need a liqour license, soon.
This place makes a mighty tasty sammich!   have found the staff to be friendly and helpful, and the sandwiches to be far above the quality of your average NY deli. Like many others, I am a fan of the bacon and cheddar.  It's mighty tasty no matter what meat you get it with.  The outdoor seating area is also a plus in the nice weather.  If you're looking for a solid lunch place in WP, this is it.
WoW! Stopped by after checking out the area on Yelp...this place is the joint..real food guy place. Simple menu...pick your bread, your meat and your FLAVA...bag of crazy chips (I went DEEP RIVER CHEDDAR HORSERADISH...slammin') and a drink (Boylan soda...my choice lemon seltzer). Had the chef pick the meat, pulled pork, the bread, flat ( made fresh right in front of you) No seriously, they grill the flatbread while they are setting up your meat and FLAVA (mango, jalapeño). I ate half hot...delicious...then I ate the other half  after driving for an hour...unbelievable...ramped up the taste ten fold.  Order a sack and take them with you, one sandwich will feed you for two meals...best room temperature...with beer! Remember I never give a 5 star...so...as good as it gets!
The flatbread brisket with bacon&cheddar was delicious!
This is hands down the best sandwich spot in White Plains. Even the soups and salads are good.
Great place to eat.  Sandwiches, salads and individual flatbread pizza's.  Definitely worth a try.
Have had cuban sandwiches in Cuba, Miami and points North. The MELT presentation of this classic was as good as it gets. Have it on flat bread, nothing like it. Nice guys behind the counter. Worth a trip from wherever. Downtown White Plains is franchise after franchise. What a treat to find a great indy shop. Yelpers owe it to themselves to keep this kind of business afloat.
Best lunch place in White Plains by far. Maybe even in Southern Westchester. Also, the chefs really care that you enjoy your food. You won't be disappointed.
Worst salad EVER!!!! Got the COBB salad which was $7.59. The bowl is ALL lettuce (I have the pictures to prove it). It had about 2 teaspoon sizes of bruised avocado, NO EGGS???, a pinch of bacon, and a table spoon size of cheese.  The onions and tomatos were fine and that is the only reason they get a 1 star.  The sad part is i walked all the way there from my office and back. Now i'm stuck with a sh*t*y lunch!!!
Wow, just wow. This is what happens when you take people who are passionate about good food, and you put it on bread. I honestly can't write well enough to do this place justice. Just do yourself a favor and try this place.
Best sandwiches I've ever had.  Really friendly staff and ownership.  Pizzas are also very good.  Everything fresh!
Small friendly place away from the busiest parts of downtown WP, which brings something very different to the sandwich game with its mix-and-match approach. My combo of turkey, with onions, gruyere and au jus on a long roll was da bomb. My friend was similarly ravenous with his brisket/mango combo. It won't be the cheapest lunch you'll buy in White Plains, but it more than makes up for that in value and taste.
Amazing food and friendly service.  The grilled pizzas, fantastic pulled pork and mango sandwich and the protbello sandwiches are my favorites.
YUM! Melty, tasty happiness. Nice staff, tasty food.You can tell the owner takes pride in his business. Only draw back is it isn't open on Sundays and you have to go somewhere else.
After living in New Orleans for four years and getting spoiled by po'boys I learned a few things about sandwiches.  Sandwiches should be full of lots of flavorful meat and Melt does just that!  I've experimented with lots of different meat and fixing combinations and I haven't had a bad experience yet!  The slow roasting process makes every bite of every sandwich flavorful and delish!  I always make a point to introduce friends to Melt whenever I am in White Plains.
Awesome place! I work down the block and this is a great sandwich spot in a busy area. Would have given 5 stars but their drink selection is pretty limited and it takes a little too long for a sandwich but the product they put out is worth it
This is an excellent place to go for something original in the way of sandwiches. I stopped by here for the first time this week and had an Angus Beef sandwich with the spicy sandwich combination. My friend had the pastrami. We were both pleased with our selections. The prices are comparable to what you would expect in this area and the sandwiches were large and stuffed full. The only complaint I would voice is a lack of selection concerning sides for the sandwiches.
A lot of my friends always ask me why I always go to Subway rather than go to a local deli. The answer is simple: When I'm going for a sandwich, if it's just going to be cold cuts, it's all pretty much the same to me. But MELT in White Plains is a different story all together. You won't find any cheap cold cuts here. The MELT experience is a fairly simple one. You pick the type of roll (Short, Flatbread, or Long), the type of meat, and then the combo. The thing that makes MELT special is the fact that all meats are cooked and/or smoked daily on-premises. I've tried several sandwiches there and the slow roasted turkey breast and the ancho chile-brown sugar rubbed brisket were both outstanding. In terms of combos, the Spicy (their homemade green chili, white onions, and cheddar cheese) and the French Onion (au jus, sauteed onions, and Gruyere) were both excellent. If you are in the mood for a nice change of pace from your typical sandwich fare, head to MELT. You'll be glad that you did.
Minus 1 star b/c the place is small with not much seating.  These sandwiches are best fresh, i.e. warm, hence, the "melt" name so it doesn't seem like it would taste nearly as good with more than a 5 min take-out destination.  Bread & meats are good quality and meats are chopped up to make it easier to bite.
i saw so many great reviews so i checked it out ordered philly but really was not that good to cheesy and not even good cheese meat wasnt that great either....charlies was better then this..will not go ack :(
I have to say this place is pretty good, it definitely matches up with Atlanta Bread Co. The staff is really nice, the food extremely fresh and tasty. I got the brisket with onions and au jus and it was absolutely fabulous. And they have this habanero sauce which is sooo good and burn your mouth off hot, so if ur a fan of spicy it is def worth asking for. Will definitely be back soon!
My bf & I went to this place after we had been on a search for Philly cheesesteaks and man, we were NOT disappointed!  We had an aged beef philly style, a pastrami cuban style, and chicken bacon cheddar style and all were delicious!! Good bread, fresh meats, and good generous portions of sandwich, sauce, and meat.  Pretty good for White Plains, you will be pleasantly surprised since the decor of the place doesn't really impress. Additionally, there's no bathroom, maybe they should get a Purell station and clean the tables after customers leave, but all in all - great food and that's what it's all about.  Website is pretty decent but they don't do night delivery only on lunch.
Awesome. If only it was open on Sunday.
Always tasty, always friendly and always interesting. Just about the best sandwich in Westchester. Love this place, wish we lived closer!
Great sandwiches & reasonably priced!!!  Highly recommended!
pretty much the best sandwiches you can find outside of the city.  all of the meat is a cut above any normal deli and they even slow roast and cook some of it there.  you're going to get a little messy eating it but it's worth it because the different combo's are all great. they have a bunch of pre-set options for toppings and i have tried them all and recommend them all.  make sure to get your sandwich on a "whole wheat flat" bread though. it is the best handmade flat bread and i don't even usually like whole wheat bread. Also, the staff there is incredibly nice.  Perfect place
I really like this place. I've always gotten the store made top round and have always left happy. I've had 3-4 different variations of this sandwich and all were good. Service is always very good.
Amazing sandwiches, awesome owners...I would highly recommend the sandwiches from MELT to anyone!
Holly cow, what a great sandwich!  Can't wait to go back someday.
