I love this place. Their food is awesome (my fave is the veggie quinoa burger), the ambience is cool, and the milk shakes are THE BEST. Tasting their strawberry vanilla milkshake was akin to the moment I tasted authentic French bread. You just can't go back to milkshakes from just anywhere. And I have to give props to Brittany, who makes them just perfect! I think this place is a diamond in the rough. You won't see a cooler restaurant anywhere else in the WP area. Be warned that the prices might carry a little sticker shock, but I think you get what you pay for.
The Bareburger concept works for me: you choose your organic and all-natural ground meat--beef, turkey, veggie, lamb, wild boar, bison, to name a few--decide on your bun, top with your choice of veggies and cheese, bacon and sauce, and add a nice side dish. The room is genial and open, a bit noisy but you don't mind, and the atmosphere is one of fun, with families and kids very visible. I always like good solid meat, I get it here, but the one shortcoming I find is the gluten-free tapioca-rice bun (it costs 75 cents extra). I appreciate the gesture to us gluten-intolerant folks, but they shouldn't be serving this. It has the consistency of a paper towel and is way too large to effectively encase a good burger without detracting from it. My solution was to eat the burger with a knife and fork, but you want to enjoy a burger with your hands. A minor matter, however, when faced with such copious carnivorous capital. I hope they rethink this bun.
Very few places I eat deserve my hard earned money. Bareburger is hands down one of those places. In fact, I eat here 4-5 days a week and its a different experience every time. From eating a burger recipe or constructing your own monster burger, there are literally countless options for an individuals (even vegetarians). The owner Steve is also a great guy! He shows appreciation for every customer in the place and makes it his duty to make sure they are receiving a world class experience. WAY TO GO!!!
Find this place, try it     ------------     it's not a Smashburger or a Five Guys burger, it's a unique burger place, as witnessed by its menu. Organic items, farmed game, oodles of choices, generous portions, quick service, and a booth if you want one. Who could ask for more? High prices, some claim? In relation to what? The fast food burger places at the beginning of this paragraph? Prices are no higher than other comparative burger places. If you want a dinner plate size burger, then go there. If you want a very good burger served quickly that isn't like the first two places, come here. If you want your own choices of toppings and bread and meat, come here. Find it, it's near Best Buy. Right near Best Buy. We had the turkey burger, the elk burger, and both were excellent. The onion rings and sweet potato fries also were excellent. Flourless chocolate cake was also good. Ignore the reviews that paint 'exotic' in a negative light, they are no doubt competitors of Bareburger. So, what more do you want? What are you waiting for? Go, try it. Did you know they have brunch, with chicken and waffles. I want to try that! Dan couldn't be nicer, so come on, make a right at Best Buy, see Bareburger in front of you, and stop there and eat. Soon. Then tell a friend.
To us, what Mellow Mushroom is to Pizza; Bareburger is to, well, burgers. We found it on yelp and trendy burger joints are exactly what they are in 2014: trendy. I like it that way. This Bareburger was nice, bright, clean and welcoming. We sat at the bar. The bar tender was informative and advised on his favorites. It was a Monday so naturally it was slow but I can this joint getting packed on the weekend. In fact, I'm convinced it is. We ordered the Roadhouse Burger with Bison and the Southern Burger with Beef. Both were tasty and the toppings for each went well with one another build quite a flavor profile. We also ordered the standard friend and onion rings. The fries were good  but the onion rings- yeah- were one of the best orders of onion rings we've ever had the luxury to try. Breaded perfectly, seasoned perfectly- they were nice. Overall, we enjoyed Bareburger and look forward to trying it out again. Till we meet again.
I stumbled into this place. Atmosphere feels really airy and welcoming and it is very clean!  I love that they use organic ingredients and allow you many choices. I started with the lemonade, which was fresh and natural, in a generous tall icy glass. Then I had the buttermilk fried Chicken on a brioche bun with the chipotle habanero mayo, and fries with onion rings as a side. My only criticism is that the chicken was a bit overdone. Otherwise, everything was delicious and very fresh. I will definitely be back.
I hate it when I read fanatical reviews about a place and I run like a sheep to try it out.  Well, I feel sheepish right about now. I went solo and did the build your burger. Selected beef--medium rare, on a brioche bun with lettuce, garlic pickles, and raw onion.  AND THEN MY EYES MET THE MENU WHERE IT SAYS "FRESH CUT FRIES". I almost squealed at the thought of having real, natural French fries just like grandma used to make.  AND like the ones they make in Parisian restaurants where fries are sOOOOOOOOOO delicious that you don't know what to eat first the delicious steak or the delicious fries. The burger came just as I ordered it. Well perhaps a tad bit to the rare side but I could eat it.  I tasted it and found the meat to be fresh and tasty but requiring salt. I added the salt and some pepper from the grinders on the table. When the fries first arrived they were too pale so I asked for them to be more well done.  They came back after I had finished half my burger looking nice and dark. DELISH I thought. I start to eat them and was struggling to find  that natural fresh cut French fry flavor. I tried another and another and realized (no sacrilege intended) that McDonald's fries were so much more tasty than these. I then called over the waitress and told her that the fries don't taste like fresh fries they taste frozen. I also asked her if the ketchup had high fructose corn syrup because it tasted different. Good different not bad different. So a manager came over and answered my questions.  Yes the fries are frozen. It would be too expensive to have a person just cutting fries (like IN AND OUT burger does). So my fresh hand cut fries were cut someplace else and shipped frozen only to be served at a restaurant whose hallmark is freshness and "organicness". Is that a word or did I make it up?  The French fries were a let down to a good burger.  The ketchup made by KENSINGTON had no high fructose corn syrup and I could taste the difference. Thumbs up on this one.   So here I am bemoaning my fate because I ran like a sheep to seek hamburger and  French fry nirvana. I should know by now that nirvanas are a rarity. But should good fries be a rarity considering that  McDonald's has mastered the frozen French fry?????  Maybe BAREBURGER  can send a spy over to find out what makes their French fries tick. So my rating is for the burger and the perfunctory service (no smile) and nothing else. I  shall be kicking myself all night for the calories I wasted trying out fry after fry until I quickly discovered that my taste buds were fine but the fries were not.  You think maybe 200 calories ?  I ate about 12.  Ugh!!!  $15 for a 6 oz burger and fries. Double ugh!
Ok, so what happened here? We went for dinner on a Thursday at 5pm. The place was not busy at all when we got there, and only started to pick up just before we left. This was our first time at Bareburger, and it might have been our last. The hostess sat us down, and our waitress promptly came to the table with a large bottle of water and also to take our drink orders. I asked her what was on tap from Lagunitas and she had no idea, so she went to find out. We placed an order for the Sweet Potato Croq's and I grabbed a beer for me and a chardonnay for Amy. The drinks and Croqs came out quickly, and the 20$ price for a 60oz beer is a fair deal if you've got a few friends with you. We did learn from our waitress that she had close to no idea what the food on the menu tasted like apart from the Sweet Potato Fries. Restaurant owners, seriously, if you are going to have people serving food, you might want to make sure they know a thing or two about the menu and have tasted at least half of what they are going to be serving. We also learned that the Burger Sliders can only come with one choice of protein, and not the three we were hoping to order. How can you expect people to want to be adventurous with their wallets and taste Ostrich, Lamb, Wild Boar, Bison, and Elk if you aren't even willing to offer some sort of compromise on serving a sampler with the Burger Sliders? The Sweet Potato Croqs were delicious. They were perfectly crispy on the outside and hot and creamy on the inside and are served with two dipping sauces which compliment the Croqs well. I ordered a large Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Milkshake which was brought out quickly, but was much closer to a "regular" or "medium" sized milkshake. There was also way too much Chocolate, only a hint of Peanut Butter, and no noticeable Banana at all. The milkshake's ingredients did however taste fresh and of good quality. We had now finished the bottle of water and were hoping to get it replaced, but that never happened. At this point I was still excited and ready to be impressed by my Elk Burger topped with $4 "apple wood thick cut bacon", and a bunch of other ingredients. Unfortunately what came to the table was far short of my expectations. Amy ordered the Bison Habanero Burger, but was brought something quite different. We identified it immediately by the Country Bacon and Blue Cheese that was resting on her burger. The Sweet Potato Fries / Onion Rings combo also came out with her burger, but were lukewarm and on the edge of soggy. We were able to flag down a waiter who was able to take the burger back, but he did not return with her correct meal until after I had finished my Burger completely. My Elk Burger tasted exactly like Elk should taste. It was cooked perfectly to order and looked great. It reminded me of Elk Jerky in flavor with the consistency of quality ground meat. Again, unfortunately it was delivered lukewarm and the bun had already had a chance to absorb the sauces and get soggy. Much like Fries and Onion Rings, a Burger MUST BE DELIVERED IMMEDIATELY after being taken off the grill. Mine most certainly was not. Amy's correct Burger was served hot and yummy. Bison being the type of neutral flavored red meat it is, it requires some seasoning to elevate its flavors. In my opinion, it was done well, but could have been seasoned a little more heavily. It was, however, cooked perfectly to Rare as it was ordered. A man from the kitchen did come out to apologize and make sure everything was ok. He did not introduce himself. After we had finished our food, our waitress came back once to ask us if we needed anything else, to which we replied no. She came back about 10 minutes later to ask again if she could get us anything, to which we replied 'just the check'. Between asking and waiting for the check, the food waiter who delivered our burgers (who differed from the order taker/drink waitress) tried to bring us out two entrees that we did not order and that clearly belonged to another table. After we told him they weren't ours, he stood there for a second looking at us and asked us if we were sure that it wasn't our food. I don't get it. The menu here looks excellent. There are so many options for the burgers. There are great snack options as well as craft beers and decadent looking desserts. We went at an off peak time and had some of the shittiest service in Westchester County I have had in the $40 - $100 range for two people. I have been to almost every notable burger joint on Central Ave and in Westchester County, and they all stack up better than Bareburger has. Five/Smash/WBC/Jakes, you guys have nothing to worry about as long as Bareburger keeps serving lukewarm food and charging $75 for two burgers, one order of fries/rings combo, one snack, two alcoholic drinks, and 1 milkshake. I think this place has a shit ton of potential, and I would love to see them thrive. Hopefully we can put this bad experience behind us and try again.
The food here is amazing. Wish the service was better. Upon arrival, the staff was courteous. However, the wait staff taking your order is not experienced. Both time I have been there they approached the table saying "what do you want?", after that they proceeded to taking your order and not having any comments, knowledge, or insight on the food served at the restaurant. The service was a lot better when I was there 1 month ago but there is still room for improvement. The food is great. Definitely would go back for the food, just wish the wait staff was more attentive and knowledgable.
The food- ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I wish I could eat everything in one sitting! Depending on the night the burgers take a little longer to make, which is completely understandable considering the burgers are made to order. The fried pickles are delicious. The sauces are so tasty. I love it all! The drinks- Awesome. The sodas are very good and the beers poured to perfection. Served in a chilled glass, can't get any better. The service- Outstanding. Very bubbly and friendly crew. Attentive and fast. The managers are always looking to whats going on in the store which is great. Definitely would recommend.
Had lunch there today and can't wait to return.  Hubby ordered a burger and fries, I ordered the quinoa veggie burger with chipotle mayo and goat cheese. We shared an order of zucchini fries, which were breaded with parmesan and panko. I like the fact that you can design your own burger without feeling like you are being a picky eater. Besides EVERYTHING being all-natural, you get many healthy options.   Iced tea was delicious, burgers great, but fries were soggy.  Work on getting those freshly made fries crispy and you get 5 stars. Ambience was fabulous.  I loved the decor.  Laid back, friendly and comfortable atmosphere.
Oh my god!! My husband and I have been to BareBurger several times, and they've been good: service was money! The staff were all beyond attentive NOT TONITE! We were seated and waited for our waitress . A couple who actually were seated AFTER us were placing their orders- WTF? So as my husband and I look dazed and confused we are still waiting. A waitress then happen to lock eyes with me and realized that we didn't place our orders. My husband and I ordered our burgers they came promptly, however, we needed condiments and our waitress was nowhere to be found . Service staff tend to go over and ask you " how's everything?" "Do you need anything?" Zilch! Nothing! Nada! After like 1/2 hr our waitress Ally or Allison came over and she in fact asked us , "how's everything?"  But she didn't stay long enough to hear us out! WTF??We wanted drinks and our waitress was in limbo-AGAIN. So we asked another waitress and we finally ordered drinks. Then she takes forever - just for two f#%*ing drinks? So we are swallowing our burgers completely dry! So, the host that night is making his rounds and asked us , "how's everything?" And my husband laid it on thick and said to the kid that service was bad. I'm giving them 2 stars not because the food was bad, but the service was!!! I'm hoping that Bare Burger did not lose their pizzaz after a just a few months. In the beginning they were like on point!
This is the 2nd time I have gone to bare burger. Each time we experienced great service and food. We love the burgers here. I love knowing I don't have to think about whether the meat is organic or not. Every time I leave I don't leave feeling overly stuffed or bad about my choice. I really think the waiters and waitresses here are exceptional and the manager did a great job training and or picking them out. Today the owner stopped by our table and he was a sweetheart. Overall my California burger was awesome, our buttermilk dipped pickles were awesome and so were our lagunita beers (the waiter let us taste a choice between IPAs and that was very cool of him to offer) We will be back again and again Ps try their ice-cream sandwiches they are unlike any other ice cream sandwich you ever tasted!
I recently went to this restaurant based on Yelp's reviews, and it definitely lives up to the positive reception. Service was very good. The servers were very attentive. When they were presented with a question about their drinks they did not know, they went out of their way to get the right information. I think that's a much better move than lying or a simple "I don't know." The food was excellent. I had a California burger with the Black Bean patty. It was excellent. My girlfriend had the quinoa "build your own burger" and was very pleased. Ingredients are fresh, size is appropriate for the experience, and the options on the menu can accommodate any diet. We also split the sweet potato fries: these were excellent, though a bit more greasy than I would have liked. The chipotle mayo goes best with the fries, though the honey mustard is really good (and light compared to the traditional honey mustard found at most restaurants). The beers are fresh. I limited myself the Lionshead for the day, but it was a tall glass at a very reasonable price. The soft drinks have good variety, including a caffeine free diet root beer. The environment is very clean, with a combination of some tavern appeal and modern decor (think Chipotle with brighter colors and restaurant friendly tables). The are some small caveats. My girlfriend asked for pickles on her burger, and what was provided was really inadequate. We asked for some additional slices for the burger, and the server came back with a side of pickle slices and we were charged for that side. It was good, but not what we asked for and a bit pricey. The burgers were also a bit pricey versus competitive burger joints, though I feel this is forgivable given the quality and variety of the burgers. I would recommend this restaurant, and I will return.
Yesterday was the 3rd time my husband and me have eaten here. It was really cute, the staff was dressed in shirts for the World Cup! We watched the beginning of the Brazil and Uruguay World Cup game on a clear flat screen. As usual, service was fast and the bartender was very efficient and nice. Place was (and always is) very clean which is everything in my book. The owners (or I think maybe managers) are constantly watching and rotating around the room. Very nice to see! Our burgers were excellent and delicious. (See pictures) I am slowly making my way through each delicious burger option! My husband is pretty obsessed with this place so I will be back many many more times :)
Love love love this place! Super clean and they always get my order right! The ambiance is fun too... The food is the best in the city and it's nice to know that I'm eating non gmo and organic:)
An elevated burger place, although free of pretensions due to the casual rustic atmosphere and simple menu.  I've had the bison burger and regular beef burger. It was good, not great. I was not impressed with the  sauces that came with the fries and thought the curry ketchup was vile.   People seemed to rave about the shakes but I couldn't tell you since I'm lactose intolerant.
Fantastic food. I am vegetarian and the options here are wonderful. I've had the quinoa burger and black bean burger -- both are delicious! I am a big fan of the sweet potato fries and onion rings. Staff are kind and attentive. I plan on going again!
Lunching here for the first time today, it's accurate to say this is not your "pedestrian" burger joint.   Starting with it's mantra, I respect that it's non-GMO, organic, gluten-free, vegan, and all that jazz. Downright to the decor, you are reminded of recycling and upcycling, making this "hip cabin" look definately a cool spot. With that said, the freshly-squeezed Lemonade with Organic Cane Sugar and Mint Sprigs was neither sweet or tart, but yet refreshing and clean. The fresh-cut fries were served piping hot. The small serving was still pretty beastly, and yet I managed to eat most of them before the burger made it to my table. For my Bison burger, I chose to take some elements from the Roadhouse (Country Bacon, Haas Avocado Slices, and Sweet Apple Grilled Onions) and made some tweaks like adding Colby Cheese and a Brioche Bun. The burger was perfection - if I could make any suggestions for the future, I'd rethink the bacon (only because it slightly overpowered the Bison) and I would have preferred it bloodier. Medium-well might have over cooked the Bison although it was still juicy. I can't wait to come back. Between Elk, Ostrich, and Quinoa Black Bean Burgers, I have lots to try!
A burger is one thing I can probably eat several times a week so I'm picky when it comes to a burger spot. The menu is good and gets pretty intricate with their variety of options. They have a simple, but good concept. Organic, natural and no hormones or G.M.O.'s which is cool. I like that when I ordered my burger I got to choose from several options of meats, breads and sides. Definitely on my list of recommendations.
What can I say here.. Well something impressive. The first time I walked in with my Family.. I was amazed. We were greeted with a smile and seated right away. The place itself was something unique their walls and murals was stunning. The food tasted and appeared flavory and yummy. Must try other burgers soon. Organic Burgers.. Wow! The staff with their service are pretty excellent, they make their customers happy and full. The place is clean and parking is ain't a problem .. After dining you can stroll and shop in that strip. A little pricey but reasonable for having a great time, relaxing while enjoying your entrees and fun time is always priceless. A place I would recommend more to my Familly and Friends. I just love the place.
The service could be a little better, staff not including the waiter can be a little bit more mature when it comes to customers and previous customers that are not even there anymore. I'm originally a city person, I've been to almost every bareburger, I know the very first owner and currently still going to the First Original Barebuger : ) the food over here I guess all the meats that we ordered were kind of dry, keep in mind I always order my meats medium-rare. What was good were the side ordered, sweet potatoe fries and onion rings. They have a nice bar set up which is awesome. I am looking forward to come here again, since I know it would be an awesome experience. PS: If your not from around the area just search best buy or trader joes to find the exact address.
#32 After a long day of Saint Patrick barcraws, Me and a couple of friends decide to come and have a meal, because we had heard a lot good things about this place; that the burger was very fresh and had a good taste. Immediately you enter the door, the staff makes you feel like you're in your own home, there was a wait of a few minutes, but was really worth it. After we sat down, I asked if there was a plug near my table because I want to charge my phone, the waiter was not very sure where was one, so he went and ask the manager,the and the manager found one, that was very thoughtful of them, even though the the nearest was a bit far, so I could not charge my mobile. Food:  I order the Country Bacon: is  a Beef Burger, that had sharp cheddar, country bacon with green leaf lettuce, tomatoes some raw red onions and mayo in amulti-grain roll bread. Food was great and  our server was very attentive and catered to all our request and needs. My burger was cooked perfectly Medium,   I had some fries on the side, they were great and I love the fact that everything was so natural and very fresh, the portion of the fries was so big that I  could not finish it  all.
I've been to various Bareburger locations throughout Manhattan and Queens.  A few friends put me onto this place a few years ago, and I instantly fell in love. The burgers are well crafted, tasty, and they offer different types of game (ostrich, bison, wild boar, elk).    I've had all of them and my favorites are the Elk and Bison.  Much healthier options compared to beef (which is also available for the non-adventurous types).  Everything here is Organic, if I'm not mistaken, and absolutely delicious.  The various sauces that come with the fries\onion rings are a must try.  The milkshakes are AWESOME.  I'm not a fan of peanut butter, but their peanut butter chocolate shakes are the rave.  The normal chocolate chip, which I order, has real chips added in which gives it that extra something.   This particular location on Central Ave. is beautiful.  However, it doesn't have the same ambiance the smaller city locations have.  It has all of the elements, but with an upscale touch.  I guess this is to be expected given the area it's in.  Just wasn't what I had expected, but was still pleased with.   The bar is cool and offers big ole mugs of beer.  Definitely a nice plus that I don't recall other locations offering. Really nothing bad to say about this location, always been a fan of the brand, glad I don't have to drive into Queens or Manhattan to enjoy.  Can't wait to see their Stamford location when it opens.
Being a vegetarian it's very hard to find a good veggie burger spot. But Bareburger's black bean and quinoa burgers are amazing. Mushroom burger - not so much. Love this organic spot.
I went to Bareburger after running some humdrum errands in the same shopping center (CVS, Trader Joe's, Radio Shack, and Best Buy are all located in the same strip) in part because of the reviews on Yelp. The interior decor is charming enough, however I felt that the 2-tops were situated a little close to one another, which sometimes made it difficult to hear my boyfriend across the table. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the Western burger. We specifically asked for the fry and onion ring combo in the side portion but we were served (and charged) for the larger appetizer portion. My boyfriend ordered the Dark and Stormy slush which was tasty, but unremarkable for a $9.00 drink. The food was all tasty, but frankly it was unremarkable given the price point. I've eaten at similar restaurants throughout the country that embrace the all natural, organic, locally sourced philosophy and execute it better at a lower price point. Our meal totaled $41.99 for two adults to have lunch with only one beverage. The service, while well-meaning and generally friendly, was slightly aloof; we had three different servers over the course of our meal. My overall impression of Bareburger is that the food was good enough, but that I can't justify spending the kind of money that I spent today on what I received. I'll go back if there's a special, but as a general occurrence.
Was a little nervous going here thinking they would have little to no options for vegans. Well i was wrong . Was able to biuld a burger my way and keep it completely vegan. Staff was very helpful in knowing what ingredients were used. Need to try the carrot cake next time. Will return
I don't subscribe to the whole free range, organic thing; I couldn't care less. I do however look for good, fresh and delicious meals, and this place is all three. The burgers are delicious, I've had beef, bison and lamb so far. The fires and sides look amazing but I don't eat fired foods. The slaw is a very tasty healthier option. The staff is very friendly, a little slow in coming around though.  They have a decent selection of brews, and cocktails and are very conscientious to any allergies. I look forward to returning.
I gave Bareburger a 2nd chance. This time we dined in.  The shame of it is, they have a great menu, with all organic ingredients.  The burger I had this time was better and cooked well, with good onion rings, but again, the service was very slow, taking 30 minutes to get our burgers.   Bareburger has to find a way to speed up the service, or else it is back to Bridgeview Tavern or Horsefeathers, or Westchester Burger Co for me.  Darn!
*Face palm* That's my reaction to this place. They've got all the right elements to be a great restaurant and then manage to screw it up. That's worse than just sucking. This place is the restaurant equivalent of the 2004 Team USA basketball team, comprised of superstars like Lebron, Carmelo, Iverson, DWade and STAT (back when he was a beast). At first glance you're like this is gonna be insane! And then next thing you know, you're listening to the Argentine national anthem... Came here for a quick dinner with my cousin on a Friday night. There was a bit of a wait but we were offered seating at the bar which we accepted. Everything seemed fine but I noticed the couple seated to our left had some major scowls on their face. They were finishing up their meals and shortly thereafter the manager came over and apologized that it took so long for their meals to come out. He told them he'd comp their drinks which apparently did little to appease them because the scowls looked like they were there to stay. Generally my inclination is to be sympathetic towards restaurant staff. Things don't always run smoothly in the kitchen so I figured maybe these patrons were just the impatient type. As soon as the couple set foot outside the restaurant, the bartender and a server did a beeline to their check to see how much they were tipped. "Hey, does that look like a 1 or a 7?" Bit of an indelicate move I thought to myself but I figured it was cool. They were clearly worried they got stiffed. Fair enough. My cousin and I put in our orders, the Roadhouse with panko crusted chicken, the Big Blue Bacon burger and the onion rings & sweet potato fry combo. Ordered a Coke as well which might have actually been a cola-flavored juice because there was barely any carbonation. Nevertheless, the descriptions to everything on the menu sounded fantastic. This was my first time trying Bareburger and I always hear amazing things about it from fellow Yelper Jamie J. I couldn't wait to dig into my meal. But wait I did. And wait. And wait. 10 minutes into the wait I'm sipping melted ice (water to some) out of my cup praying someone will offer to refill it. After noticing our server and the bartender were nowhere to be seen, I prayed instead for any staff member to pass within a 15-foot radius of me so I could flag them down. At around the 20 minute mark my cousin turned to me and said he was certain it was gonna be delicious if they were putting so much time into preparing our food. I wasn't so sure-- I mean, we're talking about burgers and fries here. Finally just shy of 40 minutes, as I was slurping up my last ice cube, our food emerged. Looked amazing! Hands practically shaking with excitement, I reach for a sweet potato fry and feel coldness. And then I pick it up and it just flops over. These fries were waaay too cold and soggy to be paying $9 for. I looked up again to say something to our waitress but she had already disappeared. The panko crusted chicken ended up being non-panko crusted chicken. And the blue cheese burger was devoid of any color cheese, much less blue. And then I realized we weren't even given napkins. At this point, starving, and at a loss at how I should go about summoning our ghost of a waitress (perhaps a Ouija board), I sucked it up and ate my food, all the while thinking, man how is this place managing to be so crappy on so many different levels. We finished our food and waited for an opportunity to get the check. No waitress in sight. No bartender in sight. Suddenly out of the corner of his eye, my cousin spotted a busboy a little distance away. We flagged him down like survivors on a desert island seeing a rescue plane. We asked for the check. He looked around, stacks of dishes in his hands, sympathy in his eyes. Seeing no one he walked to the back. Minutes later our waitress emerges, smile on her face, bubblier than a Coca-Cola, check in hand. She hands it to us and I hurriedly hand her my card. She rings me up and hands me my receipt and literally plants herself in front of me as I'm filling out the tip portion of the receipt. I think to myself, this experience wouldn't have been half as bad if she had planted herself there at any point during our meal. Looking down on the receipt I could feel her gaze but I had to be sure that this was really happening. I looked up at her and sure enough, her eyes were fixed on the line marked "Tip". I gave her the nastiest look I could summon and when she finally noticed me grilling her down, she walked away. For the record, I tipped her 18% because out of principle that's my set starting point for gratuity, but man, I don't think I've ever felt the urge to say the heck with principles so badly as I did that night. My apologies for the long review, but I desperately needed to rant. I'm certain that Bareburger as a restaurant is as good as I've heard it is, but this location needs to be managed waaay better because as it stands now, it's terrible.
The menu really shows a huge variety that is quite overwhelming when choosing things to eat. However the strawberry milkshake is a must as it is delicious and it taste like heaven has just touched your taste buds. Now the burger I chose is out of this world. Its name is the supreme and it is an orgasmic blast of flavors that not only touches your mouth but you can feel the deliciousness all the way to your gut. Overall the service is pleasant and the waiters are extremely nice. If your ever in the area try this place out. You will not regret it!!
Certainly one of the better establishments of this type Bareburger offers an extensive unique menu at somewhat elevated prices. Burgers are fresh and neatly prepared and packaged for takeout to keep the heat contained. Large Onion Rings / Fries Combo - not greasy - more than enough for two. Various sauces included gives plenty of taste variety. Our sizable burgers included the "Classic" w/cheddar cheese / the excellent "Roadhouse" which includes hass avocado and sweet apple green onions and The "Smokehouse Portabella" with smoked mozzarella which was delicious. On a rainy Saturday evening (8:30) place was loudly jammed with families and couples young and old. Ambience be damned here as place is tight & congested. Everyone seemed to be having a fine time. While I don't plan on sit down dining here this may be my go to place for takeout burgers.
Very young servers wandering everywhere without clear tables or stations to handle so you never know who to approach about what you need.   Good onion rings, med-rare burger came out med-well and was dry as paper. I have a feeling once they are organized and get a manager who does more than hostess at the door, things might go better. Still upset about the overdone burger, damn.
Loved everything about this restaurant. In terms of decor, lots of reconstituted wood etc. that lends a real cozy feel. There's a spacious bar area to the right and booths and tables to the left. I love all the little touches, like the cute illustrated bear wallpaper in the restrooms and the various menus explaining their tenets and business practice. All items on the menu (vegetables, meat, dairy) are organic and/or hormone-free, pasture raised, no pesticides etc etc. Great selection of draft and bottled beer hand-picked by the super-friendly and involved Manager/Owner Steve. He spent a few minutes chatting up me and my husband and even comped us a bottle of (alcoholic) ginger beer. The beer was amazing; tasted like a ginger ale and was actually one of the best beers I've ever had. We started with the assorted pickles appetizer. It was fantastic! 3 jars of pickle discs; bread and butter, dill and spicy. The appetizer also included a purple cabbage slaw that was great as well. My natural diet cola (no splenda!) was replaced before I could even ask for a refill. Our waitress was friendly, knowledgeable and generally on-point. I chose the farmers salad for my entree and topped it with an elk burger patty. The salad was large and the dressing, a fig balsamic, was great. My husband had the ostrich burger on a multi-grain bun and loved it. As an FYI, sides do not come with burgers and must be ordered on their own. The menu has many intriguing items, from Bison to Wild Boar to freshly made ice cream sandwiches. Items are clearly marked vegetarian, vegan or gluten-free and it's really easy to eat a healthful meal here. This is one of those places I would love to see succeed in Southern Westchester. I love Bareburger's ethical and sustainable practices and their friendly staff.  I've already recommended it to several people.
Can't say how much I love this place. The food is fresh, the options are endless and varied and the drinks are superb. Who would expect a cucumber refreshing adult beverage creatively made with thoughtful ingredients from a burger joint? Service was kind and knowledgeable. Can't wait to go again.
I was so excited to eat here after peeking through the windows before they opened! The menu is HUGE which is great. I had the california burger with the quinoa veggie burger on a wrap. It was DELICIOUS, along with the piping hot sweet potato fries. Their drink selection is great too. Loved the raspberry ginger margarita slushie. Definitely coming here again, and again.
As a repeat customer, we keep coming back because of the freshness of food and great service. Everything we have tried has been phenomenal and we are not afraid to try new things here! Thanks bareburger for being an awesome option instead of fast food!
You know that feeling when you go out to eat and upon leaving you think "hey let's get a slice of pizza?"  THAT. After hearing everyone and their brother talk about how wonderful Bare Burger is, we ventured forth with some friends of ours.  Ok, I know this is suburbia but it is so depressing for this former city girl to drive into a large strip mall to eat.  It was a Sunday evening, 6:00 and it was not crowded.  They said no booths were available so we were seated at a table for 6, right near the doorway.  I literally felt like I was eating in the parking lot because that was the view.  The waitress seemed surprised we didn't have menus and after about 15 minutes, she came back with menus and wanted to take our orders right then.  A booth had opened up but I was afraid to make a switch because it would mean a new waitress and more confusion.  We ordered burgers, hot dogs, quinoa burger, and assorted salads.  None of us really like any of it.  Bland, weird tastes, too small, whatever.  I know it is really hard to make a tasty and healthy meal, but I was way disappointed.  They seem to have a lot of options but what does it matter if they don't taste good?
We visited this location a little over a month ago for a late lunch during the week. The location was clean and nicely designed. Ample parking. We got our table instantly but found the hostess overbearing. To be interrupted by her after being seating about things we didn't need (more napkins?) was weird.   Our waiter was helpful with describing Bareburgers view on food and it's ingredients but fell very short on knowledge about the beers available on tap. It should be said it was not fully his fault. The beer list stated the breweries but not the names or style of the beer. Great they had Lagunitas but the brewery has over 15 beers available in Westchester. When we asked what was what the first time he returned he described them by light to dark. After the second time he returned to answer our questions it was clear we'd have to guess.  One of us guessed right the other guessed incorrectly. The burgers came quickly and were well made. Tasty, fresh and enjoyable. We also got fries with dipping sauce. Once again the waiter seemed unclear what was what. Thank goodness for menus with descriptions! Maybe if we return it'll be better but the staff really needs more training and the bar needs to organize itself.
I like the concept of building your own burger and being given the option not just of different condiments and breads, but type of meat-i.e.: elk, bison. ostrich, etc. I had the elk burger, which was excellent, and am looking forward to trying an ostrich burger. I actually- and it pains me to say it- had a black bean veggie burger on a Friday during lent because I was desperate and it wasn't half bad since I added a fried egg and habanero sauce to it. The onion rings are great, too. They have craft beers, but the list skews heavy towards IPAs, which I am not a fan of..a little more Belgians people, come on! All in all, a highly enjoyable place for a good burger meal in Westchester, and contrary to some of the negative reviews on here, service was fine.
Welcome to the neighborhood Bareburger! Came here yesterday and left full and happy. The manager and staff were very attentive and welcoming and our burgers and sides were delicious. The Supreme with Bison was "Out of this World" and the fries and onion rings were so good with the various dipping sauces. They have a great beer selection as well as Spiked Slushies (WHAT?!). I can't wait to try some Ostrich!
I went to Bareburger today for the first time and I used a Groupon I purchased a while ago that was about to expire.  My fault completely, but I made a mistake with the Groupon that the restaurant did not have to fully honor.  The manager, or owner (not sure...friendly gentleman with a beard and mustache) came out and completely accommodated me, even though it was my mistake.  Great customer service which always goes a long way in my book.   As for the food, I ordered a Habanero bison burger and a small Asian salad.  Both were excellent.  The burger was cooked a perfect medium, as requested, and was not overloaded with condiments...just the right amount to feature the high-quality meat, but was a perfect complement, especially the light amount of sauce and the spicy pickles.  Salad was fairly basic, but was fresh and tasty.   I really appreciate how the manager/owner and another employee worked to help me out, and the food is excellent.  I'll be back and would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great food, atmosphere and a friendly vibe.  5 stars, no hesitation.
Omg, whhhhhy? Jesus help me! I'm here again. I am so embarrassed...but it's so good. Exciting to come back and trio something new from their menu. Came in to find out that they serve brunch on Sundays so I'll be having the chicken and waffles and taking a black bean wrap to go with the habanero chipotle mayo and maybe avocado. The quinoa with avocado, spinach, chipotle mayo and grilled pineapple (sounds funky) really worked well together. Yumz! Coffee, organic, is probably the best cup (more like a bowl) I've had outside of my own home i've had yet. The mimosa that comes with my mask tastes freshly squeezed, but just that it's organic...really? This is heaven and I'm moving to the neighborhood. That's it! (this is from yesterday but couldn't post right away
Food was great. But the service is all over the place. Burgers were cooked perfectly, fries were great and I like the fact that everything is a natural. We went at 6.30 pm on a Saturday and they had problems seating us, the service was slow, the food came out at different times, but hey, they've only been open for a couple of weeks. Give them another months or two and I'm sure everything will be great.
Read the rest of the reviews.  This is the best organic burger place ever.  So many unique choices. But very expensive.  $125.00 for five burger.
Over the past few years, burgers in the White Plains area have taken a great leap forward, mostly due to better chains. On the low end, Five Guys has taken charge. In the "causal dining" price range, Smashburger is the reigning champion. Bareburger, a bit pricier, completes the trifecta. Pick your bun, pick your topping package, and pick your meat. The brioche is better than the somewhat dry multigrain-although the latter might be good with a really sloppy, wet topping package. The toppings are too numerous to recall, but are themed - I like the Southern. Elk and turkey are both good alternatives to the usual beef - I have not tried wild boar or the other exotics. The bacon in the toppings is good quality and thick cut, but it is not crisp. The patties are plump but do not reach the edge of the bun - I would guess 7-8 ounces. The medium cut french fries are better than at Smash Burger and can be paired with crisp onion rings in a combo-a small will cover two diners. I thought service on both my lunch visits was quite good - a server noticed me dabbing some juices off my shirt and offered club soda, a touch one rarely encounters any more. Greeting at the door is friendly  and management circulates checking on patrons. Recommended.
Great organic eats. Lots of meat options for their burgers including bison, wild boar and ostrich. They have vegetarian, chicken, etc. Options as well for the less adventurous. The food is very yummy. We ordered the Wowie Maui burger with wild boar and Brisket Burger with bison and a side of slaw and sweet potato fries... all very delish! We ordered the carrot cake for dessert. I didn't like it. I found it too dry, but my husband loved it. I love the decor there too. Lots of reclaimed wood and funny "bear" themed touches all over. I'd definitely go back and strongly recommend.
Great burger place; albeit somewhat pricey, it offers quality organic food that is presented just as ordered. The staff works well as a team, and are quick to answer any questions with a friendly attitude. This IS the new Friendly's for a quick dinner after running errands.
Went for dessert and got seated promptly. Decor is nice with brick facade and tin ceiling tiles. Pin spot lighting at each table keeps your evening well lit & not too dark. Has a modern rustic feel. Service however was pretty bad. The busboy gave us water right away but after waiting 8 mins (with blatant craning necks looking for whoever was our waitress) the hostess noticed us and walkie-talkied "Ashley". A blonde quickly appeared. No apology and no introduction. We order the Breakfast Sammie & Snickerdoodle Sammie. Choc cookie lovers like me will be disappointed. Not a typical chic chip cookie. Texture is chewy but in an all-natural, possibly no butter in this, kind of way. Ice cream in both were creamy & smooth. Bacon ice cream didn't blow us away. Snickerdoodle tasted good for those who like cinnamon. I personally wouldn't have dessert here again. Then after eating the blonde waitress takes our plates and doesn't come back with our check. Instead after clearing the table she goes to another table and proceeds to chat with the two women there for 15 mins while we are trying to flag her down for the check. Luckily another waitress sees us and gets our check for us. We pay with this latter brunette waitress while the blonde never leaves her conversation or attempts to scan tables.   For a new place looking for entry as a sit-down nicer burger place you should have trained your staff better. And management seemed not to be present either.
Bareburger is truly a treasure of a burger joint.!! From the delicious entrees to the amazing service.. honestly, I can't rave about this place enough!  it's off the charts!! I usually cook at home and am a very picky eater, yet I wouldn't hesitate trying anything on this menu.  From the tender juicy bison and wild boar topped w sauces that literally dance in your mouth, to the darling sweet potato croquettes that I just can't seem to get enough of.. even the salads are heavenly!!  As if each piece of lettuce on your plate was just hand plucked and carefully arranged by a thousand angels::))) YOU MOST CERTAINLY FEEL LIKE YOU DID SOMETHING GOOD .   The manager and owner (Steve, if I'm not mistaken) was especially accommodating- pulling chairs at the bar for me and my friends to sit together.. He was an absolute dolll !! . and clearly takes great pride in Bareburger from door to kitchen__  the thing speaks for itself. res ipsa loquitor, Bareburger is a work of a art!
I have started to try the other meats and have Elk as my current favorite. Get it medium-rare.
Excellent burgers. Very different from any other burger place I've been to. Had the wild boar for the first time. Very different and very good. Will come again.
When you wait over 30 minutes to get your burger, and then the bun is twice the size as the burger, I think that sums it up pretty well! Check List: Yea, they were packed - Check Yea, the requisite loud and crying, fidgety kids were in abundance - Check Flat Screen TV's - Check Clueless Manager - Check Waitress who never came back - Check Food Boring and tasteless - Check $50 for two people - CHECK! Oh, you want me to elaborate? OK, Check: No beefy taste to a dried out organic beef burger, The Smoked mozzarella was a thin slice of burned cheese and it could have been oh so gooey and nice. The Fries,,, out of a freezer, and the onion rings (you can get them in a combo) were breaded and dried out. The Chocolate milkshake was icy and had no sweetness to it so here's how I sum up an Organic Experience. $50 bucks-YUCK! Oh well, I'll have to wait until they open an In n Out Burger to see how they are. Where is Shake Shack when you need them?
I defiantly coming back here ! I got the southwest burger with elk (wanted to try the other types of protein they offered). Next I'll try the wild boar! The burger was nice and juicy an the fries an onion ring were really good! I got two different sauces with the fries which were good as well ! Nothing wrong with burger and a big 20oz bells IPA
I can't remember the last time I had a five star burger experience that wasn't one of my own. I also haven't seen a restaurant run this well after being open for such a short period of time. I think a lot of it has to do with a great product but mostly it's due to Steve - the head honcho. On to the eats... Me and the little one eating gluten free outside the house is a real challenge. Having a huge menu to choose from with clear marking of what is gluten free and what isn't is awesome. Also the french fries and sweet potato fries are marked gluten free which made me skeptical because things are usually cross contaminated. Not so according to Steve, thanks to dedicated fryers and dedicated grills for the burgers for us gluten free people. He really seems to understand the whole cross contamination thing which is hard for most places to get. The little one had a regular beef burger with Colby cheese on one of the best gluten free buns for a burger ever, and absolutely loved it along with the french fries. Myself and the rest of the table (aside from dad who also went traditional) opted for elk. It's a nice lean choice, doesn't taste incredibly gamey but it's definitely not beef and not even venison. Slightly sweet and did I mention lean? Pure protein here so it's good for the figure conscious too and there are of course the other options like bison, wild boar and the more traditional turkey, chicken and beef. There's even fried chicken and jerk chicken and at least three options for vegetarians. Nobody should be stuck for an option when they come here. My elk burger with colby cheese on a gluten free bun was awesome! I ate bison at home through most of the summer but I definitely prefer elk if this is how awesome it is. The hubby also enjoyed his elk burger with various toppings. The french fries were great as were the sweet potato fries. Everything tasted clean and good. Hard to do with burgers and fries but it was done. Little one also had a strawberry shake which was done before the meal was finished so a frozen Kelvin strawberry lemonade was also ordered and I did steal a sip and loved it. The hubby had a natural cola which seemed to do the trick and I had a lemonade with nothing artificial in it and I was actually enjoying it. Oh and vegetarians/vegans don't have to worry because they get an equal amount of love haha. Water is kept on the tables. Service is fast and friendly and still learning the vastness of the menu in terms of taste but doing incredibly well for less than two weeks open. I still got some good suggestions and was pointed in the right direction. Listening to Steve's passion for the restaurant is also fun. So many things in there are recycled or repurposed. For those of you who might complain about price - it's natural, organic, sustainable and it actually tastes great. There's so many options from salads that actually look good to sandwiches and even desserts (including gluten free dessert I was eyeing). Dieters don't fret there's even a diet cola sweetened with truvia - natural again. I really loved the whole vibe here. Gluten free makes me happy and everything being just a little bit healthier is such a plus. Service is awesome again I think in large part thanks to Steve actually walking around and checking in with and talking to the customers. I hope it stays this way because I'll definitely add this to my list of favorites.
This was the second Bareburger that I have been to in a period of 48 hours.  It's a nice concept and a nice space.  There are a lot of earnest hipsters at work here.  The hipster vibe is somewhat dissipated by the suburban families with small children, but hipsters are born, not made.  The owner and his father were conspicuously present, trying to help make things run smoothly.   This restaurant hasn't been open long and things aren't dialed in yet.  The service was disorganized.   On the other hand, the staff seemed aware of this and checked in periodically to see how things were going.  There were only 3 white wines on the menu.  My wife ordered a glass of sauvignon blanc.  After 15 minutes, it turned out that they didn't have any cold.  The owner comped her a glass of something else.  I had a dark and stormy slush.  It doesn't do the original drink justice.  The burgers were very good.  I had a really good southern burger, my brother had a roadhouse.  My wife ordered the quinoa burger and really liked it.  The onion rings were excellent.  The french fries were good, but a bit soggy. I expect that this Bareburger will turn out fine, but needs a bit of time to get it's act together.
I've been to this place a few times now...hoping it gets better.  Here's the bottom line at Bareburger - good food, preparation is hit or miss; friendly staff, attention is hit or miss, great decor, very good intentions, but lastly way too expensive for what it is and what it's trying to do.  I really hate to say it because I want this place to succeed, I just wish it wasn't so damned expensive, and wished their staff (including cooking staff) could pay a bit more attention to what they're doing.  I think I'll give 'em one more shot down the line, but sadly I think what plagues Bareburger is endemic to any restaurant attempting to do the sustainable organic thing, while still trying to remain laid back at the front of the house.
My first visit to one of these restaurants. The waitstaff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Food was great! cant wait to go again!
Just got an order delivered, my first time trying the food and I had to stop eating in the middle of my meal just to write this review.  I got a country burger with fries.  The burger is very juicy and tender.  The combination of meats and cheeses are well paired and the fries are amazing ( and I am a French fry snob).  The delivery was fast. I love the fact that they have fair trade and organic foods.  This will not be the last time I eat bareburger.
Heard nothing but great things about bare burger and I was excited to see it in westchester county. We came around 4ish so I wasn't expecting a crowd at all since dinner is normally jamming around 7ish. We were seated in a cozy booth. Our waitress was knowledgeable on the menu but not so much on what was on tap.btw good thing is they serve their beer on tap with generous sizes of 20oz and I believe 64oz . Which is a great thing for the beer lovers.. Only thing I didn't like was that they don't have jalapeños in this place and I need jalapeños on my burger. The habanero chipotle sauce was a step above the average chipotle sauce, but the franks hot sauce inside the little teddy bear is a no-no. Almost making my burger in-edible . Now the burger it's very petite for the price of $12 with no sides involved but I guess that's the price we pay to have a beef burger freshly made.. The menu can get a bid confusing because they have so many options to choose from. But I must say one of the best burgers I've had. The fries are hand cut and were served perfectly crisp. Now to the service. We were greeted with our female server but after dropping the drinks she was m.i.a lucky it seems they pool the house,because our server Alex was very attentive and catered to all our request and needs.. Now that I think about it it seems like he was the only server really at it that night because we asked another waiter or busboy not sure because they all wear the same uniform for some water and it was never brought out until Alex came and delivered. Def a place to check out.worth the overpriced food but hey the drinks pay for themselves. Cheers
So, I was stoked to go here today and couldn't wait to give it a try. The service was great and the place was nicely decorated. The food, ehhhh. I got the grilled chicken with a lettuce wrap and the blue bacon mushroom style meal. It was poorly presented on the plate and the taste was ok, but not great. I was starving so u are it but I'm sitting here with heartburn and a sour stomach. I think even though I asked for it all to be GF it wasn't. However, the sweet potato fries were great!!  Not sure if is ever go back. Went with two other people, another who felt the same way as I did, not crazy about meal and the other who enjoyed. I love what they're all about, it's the future of food (let's hope) as far as quality. Just think they need some work!
Been to the Manhattan and Queens locations for years. Glad you guys are now in Westchester County. Bareburger Supreme and the Bleu are the go to burgers. Don't forget the French fries with special sauce and the pistachio milkshake.
Ate Sunday brunch. Servers were attentive and friendly. Although they are not a five-star restaurant I gave it five stars b/c they are trying to achieve that casual, bar-like setting but family friendly restaurant serving organic food. They didn't cram in tables so you don't feel jammed into the restaurant (which too many restaurants do - understandably but still you feel so crammed). It makes a nice eating experience.
Food was good but service could use some work. The burger was perfectly cooked, there were many options for additions and meats, and the decor was nice. Their bare/bear theme was really cute. However, this place was quite disorganized and and the waiters were slow and didn't come to check on us once. We waited like 25 minutes until she finally realized we wanted her attention to get the bill. I understand it's fairly new and I'm sure it will improve. It was also a little overpriced but I would still go back if I craved a burger. An overall tasty and enjoyable meal.
Went for lunch today and had a positive experience.  It's Thursday and was not crowded at all this afternoon, so service was good.  I notice that's what some people have an issue with.  My food was great.  I had the haas avocado bacon ranch bare wich and sweet potato fries/rings combo side.  Since the burgers and sandwiches are all served a la carte, it could get pricey when adding a side.  But really what isn't these days?  And it's 6 hours later and I'm still stuffed!  I did walk down to Haagen Dazs for a shake afterward, though.  That was just me being greedy.
I'm giving 4 stars because it can get pretty pricey and a lot of the beers aren't recognizable ( unless you're an alcoholic lol ). The food is all good as well is the service. Again things can get pricey real fast but that's life...you pay alot for the good things in life.
The place is green and needs to fine tune but overall the staff was helpful, friendly, and cordial. I made friends with the bartender and she remembered my name when I came back. Little things like that go along way. Meals were decent both times. I'd recommend to try.
Went to bareburger with a group of friends. Got a round of drinks and there were pretty good but not strong. Had fries and onion rings to start which were okay, nothing special. Onto the burgers. They were relatively small. All of us built our own but mine was finished before I finished the bun. It was awkward. Got a second round of drinks and still no buzz. I got a Johnny Appleseed and the hot honey literally irritated my throat. All in all it was a good time with some burgers and drinks. Nothing special, would go somewhere less expensive cause it was $50 a person which was a lil much for my taste considering I don't think I would go back.
I'm dreaming of their vegan black bean burger. My friend and I met there with our toddlers for lunch the other day. I love the interior of the restaurant. It doesn't look like much from the street but it's very nice and cozy inside. Our kids were off the the wall that day but the waiters were very nice and helpful and didn't seem to be bothered by our wild children. The menu is huge with a ton of choices. I'm vegan so I zeroed in on the black bean burger and ordered it in a lettuce wrap. It was just friggin' amazing. So flavorful. I ordered off a burger from the kid's menu for my son. The burger was shockingly small, like smaller than a slider. It also had cheese on it, which the menu did not state it came with so I sent the burger back and ordered the hot dog without a problem. No questions asked. My son was happy with the hot dog. French fries were tasty too. I also ordered the vegan carrot cake and it was AMAZING. The frosting was awesome and the cake was dense but very yummy. I will definitely be back very soon. I love the vegan options!
Great organic menu!   First visit and was surely not disappointed.  I was expecting things to be ok since they just opened, but they surpassed my expectations nicely!  Great service to begin and end with.  The jerk chicken was amazing, the coffee wastasty and highly recommend this organic place for people looking for high quality at a reasonable price.  Lots of gluten free stuff htere, too.
Great service!! Being a basic plant based eater, I am very picky. The waitress explained how clean the meat is. The bison burger was great!! The owner is very outgoing and fun to talk to. I will definitely go back and refer friends!!
We are fans of their other locations and were really happy to have one show up closer to home.  I love their burgers (its so great all the ways you can customize it), their fries and pickles are delicious but its their milk shakes that are AMAZING!  They also have really great kids meals that come with fries, apples and carrots.  We were there on a Saturday night and the service was great and the food came out quickly.  I also like how they have water bottles on the table so you dont have to wait for someone to refill your glass which is always nice when eating burgers and fries
Excellent service, medium loud when full, nice management. Several exotic wild meats. They will serve rare. Multigrain roll slightly dry, but good. Caramel ice cream & cookie good, but caramel sauce burnt.
I are here three times and I'm not blown away. The burgers are good but not great. They really skimp on the toppings which I don't appreciate, especially considering the price. The fries are good and come with three sauces. The milkshakes are tasty. I had a sandwich which was also good, but the order was messed up. So overall I would go back again, but not in a hurry.
I'm a vegetarian and my family especially my bro and father love burgers. This is the first burger joint that I really loved. It has a great atmosphere, and a variety of great foods to choose from, vegan, vegetarian, gluten free, they have it all, and all of it is tasty and organic. All of my family enjoyed it as well, we will definitely be returning, this deserves it's 5 stars!
Just had a fun weeknight dinner.  Great location, reclaimed interior furnishings in keeping with the organic vibe. Started meal with a large bottle of Doc's hard cidar and a decent organic Spainsh red wine.Great Mexican salad and the small was a good size mexican salad a bit heavy on the dressing.  Interesting way to order to get your berger with a variety of proteins which include if you are interested in bisson and elk as well.   Slight mixup on the temperature of our burgers and the owner, Steven, readily offered to cook new bergers for us.  The onion rings are to die for and the fries were perfect. Ended the meal by spliting an icecream sandwich with chocolate sauce.  A fun and indulgent midweek meal.  Wait staff young, enthusiastic and most attentive. For those interested Bareburger has  gluten free optons with attention to separate grills and friers. I sincerely wish Bareburgers good luck in it's new location.  A breath of fresh air with tasty food for sure.  Give them a try and welcome them to our area.
Great organic burgers, salads and sandwiches! Service was excellent and everyone is friendly and knowledgable. Boozy slushies? Yes please! Will be back !
The food and atmosphere were great along with the staff taking our order when they were around. Notice I said staff, as in 3 different people helped me and not one of them mentioned their name. The wait for the food and for someone to pick up our paid check was beyond me. Otherwise it was a good restaurant pick.
Never thought I'd eat at a burger place that had an interesting menu and exciting food, not to mention one that isn't fattening! (unless you want it to be) I've just discovered this place, and I ate there 2 days in a row and can't wait to go back. They specialize in things made without additives, with animals treated well and environmentally friendly products. They have a range from Quinoa, Portobello, and Black Bean Burgers to Ostrich, Buffalo/Bison, and Elk burgers. Cool! Perhaps some of the people who wrote other reviews were there when it was brand new before the waitresses were really trained, but the ones I had were great and other staff also walked around to ask how things were. My only complaint would be I'd like more mushroom choices; not just the ones they have marinated in a strong-tasting sauce ; would like some just sautéed in oil, maybe different types of mushrooms as well. They had a million other toppings, though; lots of choices. I'd definitely recommend this place.
My husband & I have been wanting to try this place out ever since we saw the window decal pop up in the storefront window. We shop in this complex often & it really was in need of an awesome, sit-down eatery. We pulled into the strip mall lot around 6:30am and walked in. We were so surprised with the cool "bear" decor and atmosphere. The bar area was packed and so were all of the booths and tables. The hostess at the front was nice and took our name. There was a group of 3 blocking the hostess stand, asking questions & very much in the way. I had to talk in between these people to get my name out to the hostess. This party finally stopped chattering and exited the restaurant.  There was a young couple ahead of us on the wait list at the bar. The hostess said the wait would be a 15-20 min wait for us, which was fine. Then an elderly couple walked in & placed their name. I heard them request a booth & not a table. The main entrance is a pretty big area. There are no seats or couch for waiting customers so we just we fine with standing in this entryway for the wait time. It seemed like no one was moving or getting ready to leave, as they were all waiting for their orders or just taking their time eating. Around 25 minutes later the hostesses (now 2) called the young couple to their table. I think we waited close to 30 minutes for one the hostesses to finally call our name. She was about to bring us to the table, (table I might add) with menus in hand & suddenly the other hostess went to the elderly couple and asked if they wanted a table instead of a booth & sat them first. Um, hello??? First come first serve...Am I not right??? I'm all about respect of  Senior Citizens and older folk, etc. but I draw the line when you're waiting your turn for a table. I think it was really unfair what that one hostess did. She wanted to accommodate them for some reason. Not right or fair. I was very pissed to say the least (and everyone knew it.) The other hostess said that another table would be ready right away. Which it was. Even the (male) manager came running to us, asking us if we were okay, reassuring us that all would be okay. I really thought that was wonderful & it put me at ease. Everything else was AMAZING. The waitress was knowledgeable, speedy & kind. She was great. The servers delivered our food in a timely manner. The items we ordered were so yummy & delicious. We had Apple & Pear cider for our drinks. At the end of our meal the manager paid a visit to our booth to make sure we were okay & enjoying our experience. He then told us our ciders were on him. Now, that's a TOP CLASS act. there.  In  my opinion, everything a manager should be. Thank you Mr. Manager! You made our first time at Bareburger worth it. (plus, the wonderful food.) Definitely worth a try people. I think you'll love it! Just expect a long wait on busy night's because they are fairly new & um, well...it's pretty darn great.
Great burger place.  Tried the turkey, quinoa, beef, and chicken burgers and all are good.  Love the fact that they leave the water bottle on the table for you so you have water always.  Service is awesome.  Friend loved the lemonade.  Sweet potato fries are awesome.  Regular french fries good.  Bathrooms are large, clean, and have cute bears everywhere.  Next time I am trying the elk, wild boar, and/or ostrich.
I was at Bareburger recently with my husband and I'd first like to say what a lovely decorated place it was. Firstly, as we walked in we were greeted and sat very quickly. Once sat our server, Liz came over and introduced herself she asked if we had dined before and offered explain the menu to us. She added her own suggestions and what some of her favs are. She had such great suggestions and what a cute personality I might add. I opted for the southern with bison and my husband with the roadhouse with bison. She got us our drinks and for someone who I found out was so young, she sure knew her beers well. Our food came out great and I was so pleased, my husband couldn't eat his fast enough, what a good place to bring my kids. Liz as well as the rest of the staff seemed attentive and willing to help at all times. For such a young looking crew they really were well trained, as for our server we loved her. Definitely coming back to visit, her bubbly personality and eagerness to help made our experience all the better! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
