There's no better Italian deli anywhere!  We get all of our Italian specialty items here, but our most favorite thing about Dante's is coming in for lunch. The paninis are AMAZING. There's a whole list of different suggested combinations, or you can create your own. My new favorite is the Rosemary Italian ham, arugula, asiago, sun dried peppers and a citrus balsamic - to die for!! They have a great selection of fresh meats, cheeses, breads, olives, peppers and pastas, all of the Italian speciality items you could ever need, great prepared foods and a whole case of Italian cookies on the way out. I can't say enough about how much we love Dante's - highly, highly recommended!
best sandwich outside of Italy. get the B panini - you do not need anything else in your life. always call ahead to help avoid long waits and prepare for a hectic parking situation.
After 5 years of going here, I still haven't found anything in Westchester that comes even close to as good. I look at the reviews and they are either 5 stars for the food, or 1 star because the owner yelled at them.  Well, they don't suffer fools here.  If you are not respectful, you are going to get kicked in the ass and pushed out the door.  Warm but firm old school Italian service- either learn how to deal with it or go to Panera and eat that garbage.
This place is great really good sandwiches and buffet tray lunches. Kind of expensive but it is all imported italian stuff so. Great mozzarella, bread, meats, pasta. House made frozen ravioli.
OMG - this place is amazing! Been here many times and everything is delicious. Today i had the panini with ham, figs arugula, etc. incredible! Macaroni salad was delicious. Best deli in westchester in my book!
Real Italian food, prepare to be impressed with quality. That said, if you order a sandwich or anything small, there's not really a good place to consume your food on premise. Don't be turned off by the location, Dante Delicatessen is the real deal!
Great!!!  Hard to find a deli like this in Westchester. The wait is long but worth it!
4 years of going to this deli and I have never had a bad meal or experience.  Every single time I am in the Westchester area I go and stock up. If you want to be out in 30 seconds with a flavorless sub go to Subway.   If you want your server to speak perfect English go to England.  If you want lunch for under $5 go to McDonalds.  If you are looking for American Italian food go to the Olive Garden.  If the housewives of Westchester bother you get out of Westchester. The basics  - the food is amazing  - they won't always have what you want because they have seasonal specialties. When they run out they run out.  - the options in the deli and the shop are extraordinary  - the prices are a bit high but exactly what you should expect as most of it is imported and the rest is high quality.   - You will stand online because good food can't be rushed. For those of us who appreciate good food we are willing to wait. -  The family that owns this shop can get you anything you want.  They will import any specialties you request.  They will make you custom dishes without a word of complaint.   -  Ask questions, they seriously don't mind answering you and will probably throw some useful information your way while answering your question. Call ahead during zucchini flower, fig and the Christmas season if you have a large order.
I've wanted to stop by Dante's for months and finally got the chance today. Glad I finally made it! When you walk in you are hit with an intoxicating smell of cured meat and cheeses. It's simply heaven. After walking over to the order line, It became clear I was in for a long wait. There were like 7 people on line and the 2 workers who deal with customers took forever to get orders ready. Like 15 minutes to get a sandwich and pizza, and 20 minutes to get some cold cuts and cheeses. But it was worth the wait! Actually, the food here is really amazing. I wanted to get a sandwich and also some stuff to take home. I wasn't sure what to get for my sandwich, but I overheard some guy ahead of me ordering a custom panini, and it sounded so good that I got what he got. It came with fried zucchini flowers, fresh mozzarella, and prosciutto. The thing was so good, I seriously ate it in 3 minutes. Actually it was better than good. It was euphoria inducing. Can't wait to try another one of their sandwiches. As for the deli meats, the capicola and soppressata were delectible. I got a half pound of each which set me back like $16 bucks. But hey, you can't find stuff like this everywhere, so it was worth it. Five stars in the end. Great spot. Worth the trip even if you aren't in the area.
Whenever I am in the mood for some fresh Italian delicatessen food I head to Dante's! I  am a foodie and the fresh Italian mozzarella and their famous Italian Subs are outstanding They always make sure the wedge is at least 4 inches thick I eat half the sandwich and sae the other half for lunch the following day Service and prices are excellent so I must ate it 5 stars!
I was SUPER hungry after proctoring the AP exams at the high school bc there is no break. Went to Dante's on a recommendation from the pet store across the street. I wish I could punch them in the face. Waited FOREVER!!!  The real housewives of white plains were in front of me asking what's in every salad in the case. The help doesn't speak good English and has ZERO sense of urgency during the 12pm lunch rush. I ordered a chix cutlet on a seeded roll with melted Swiss and mayo. Got it... Immediately when I got to my car I opened my sandwich. the chix was cold and they put it on the panini press. Did I say toasted bread or panini????????? I went to the pet store across the street to but some stuff and then went back. I go back in and ask for a redo. He tells me he makes fresh chix (which was pretty good) and how could it be cold?  (Because you put in on a panini press when you have a visible oven in your kitchen). Then tells me he's gonna give me my money back and I'm in the wrong deli. The correct answer should have been..  Let me switch out the bread and reheat the chicken. But no...  The first time customer was told she's in the wrong deli.  What an arrogant asshole. I go to the car to get my debit card so he could do the credit... Then tries to make nice with a do over. Lemme try it again he kept saying over and over again...  I lost it. I don't want your shitty sandwich from your shitty deli with your shitty attitude. You do not talk to customers like that. I'm 10 years in the food service industry and I am still in shock about this asshole. Fuck that. Give me my money back.  You don't deserve the money i work my ass off for. I'd rather get it my way at Burger King. They also have a $20 minimum on credit cards which is ILLEGAL. The law says it's $10. Know your rights Merica!
Eh. For me, Dante's is just okay - not fantastic or over the top good, just okay. It took a couple of tries to even get in here because their closing hours are not consistent with what's on posted on their property.   Finally got a chance to try them out and waited on a long line, that moved relatively quick.  No out of control delay but it does take a while to get your order.  The guy helping us was fantastic!  Very sweet, patient and though his English was not the best, the woman behind the counter was there to help out. We had: Italian combo - good, fresh meat, just a tad salty.  Roasted eggplant and peppers took the edge off and were a good blend for the sandwich. If you're sensitive to salt, do not order any of the red meats here.   Chicken cutlet sandwich (without pesto and sweet peppers) - very good They also have a decent array of fresh baked goods.  The Italian tri-color cookies are great here.   I deducted an extra star because one of the gents here (seemed to be the owner or manager) handled two big hunks of meat with his bare hands then served the same customer her pastries - bare handed.  He even attempted to help me with my pastries but I declined and pretended to still be deciding.  My friend had to go back over to the other side and call the Spanish guy over to help us.   With options like Chubby Mary's and just about every corner bodega in Parkchester, I doubt I'd be back.
This place is right below my dentist's office, so you know I had to check it out.  The way it was presented to me by a few friends, Dante's is a salumeria that makes everything in house.  Not true.  Sure it makes some things, but as for the sausage itself, they get it from Biancardi's on Arthur Avenue.  Granted, that's a pretty damned great place to get sausage from though.  I've tried out Dante's several times, and while they are a pretty good Italian food shop, I've never been impressed.   Their soppressata is supposed to be homemade, and it's pretty good.  A little fatty and reliant on seasonings for my taste, but good.  I've had sandwiches before; they were fine but not mind blowing like others seem to be saying.  The store's selection on Italian goods is decent but not better than I've seen elsewhere.  Maybe there's no comparable deli nearby and that's why they are so highly rated; I'm not saying this because I have any beef with the place, I just don't get the hype.  On the flip side, Reading David K.'s review makes me want to go back for the ravioli, and seeing as I'm due for a cleaning,  I will definitely have the opportunity!
DANTE'S DELI DOES FRESH RAVIOLI BETTER THAN THE REST! While my mother was carrying me, our landlady was preparing homemade baby ravioli to serve her for dinner that night. She never got to have that meal because she went into labor that night and after about 24 hours of labor (and being 3 weeks late), I was finally born. That crave for ravioli was passed from her to me and I have been craving those little pillows of cheese without showing any signs that I've had my fill. I've been a dedicated customer of Dante's for the last 15 years and I've been hooked on anything that their sauce comes in contact with in the lunch chafing dishes. I don't care if it's their densely layered lasagna or their meatballs ready to be loaded into a sub, because the sauce is the boss here. One of my biggest regrets of not living in Westchester County is that I've been taken so far from one of my favorite Italian Specialty shops that feeds my crave for fresh pasta better than any restaurant ever could. On a recent trip to Dante's on Good Friday, I stopped by to take a few exterior shots of the store to upload to Yelp. I couldn't have been outside for more than a few minutes when the owner, Anthony, came outside to see if there was anything he could do to help me. It was 8:00 AM and a full hour before he would open the door to the public. When I told him that I was taking pictures to include with my review he did something that really surprised me, he told me to come into the store to take pictures and wanted to show me how he was preparing his homemade cheese ravioli. This was pure music to my ears. Anthony was hard at work cranking out no less than 100 boxes of cheese ravioli with a half-century-old Lombi pasta machine in the back. A basic cheese ravioli is made with Parmigiano-Reggiano, Romano, Asiago, fresh parsley, eggs, and fresh ricotta. He explained that he needs to keep the doors locked because the change in humidity in the air effects the dough and can cause it to dry out too soon. Having just taken a class on making fresh pasta I was quite impressed with his operation. There was no industrial process at work here, just the same basic tools that his father and his father before him used to back in the old country. At Dante's they pride themselves as being a one-stop shop for all of your grocery needs. Sunday Dinner can happen any day of the week, so why run all over town when you can everything you need right here. Need fresh produce? They got that here. Want aged meats and cheeses? Skip the supermarket and check out their Salumeria. Want fresh mozzarella? You can't get it any fresher than the one they make here daily! Want to get some sauce? Grab some cans, grab some fresh tomatoes, or grab a couple quarts of their own brand. With all of these options, it's impossible to go home with anything less than a complete dinner. After grabbing some pictures, Anthony did not let me leave empty handed. He gave me a box of his cheese ravioli to take home to my wife. I had just seen him crank them out of the machine and he loaded 18 in the box and sent me on my way. I enjoyed them tonight in a simple campari tomato and fresh basil sauce which I prepared from scratch. Those homemade ravioli helped push back that primal crave passed to me by my mother for tonight, but I know that it will return again soon. At least I know that I can always go back to Dante's to get my fix and feed my need for those pillows of cheesy goodness.
Passed by without stopping several times without realizing what I had in store for me. Even then, when I finally stopped by, I walked around and noticed everything in the store. Everything was displayed so beautifully but, trying to eat carefully and limit my calories, I resisted the temptation. Their prepared foods looked just fabulous. Balducci's has a tremendous staff preparing and setting up displays but Dante's, in such a limited space, used every inch to make a spectacular showing of so many products I was really blown away. I've visited loads of gourmet and specialty shops in the tri-state area and haven't seen anything like this. Like Louis C.K., in one of the episodes of his show, when he goes to Russ & Daughters and samples the herring, the smoked salmon, then a bagel with whitefish salad and salmon caviar, a candied peach and a chunk of babka I picked out 5 or 6 items in the store and tasted a selection of their prepared foods. Like Russ & Daughters, they pack so many fine, gourmet items into such a limited space. Nothing else like this in Westchester and probably Connecticut. What a find. But by the looks of all the great reviews I'm not the only one to praise the owners for creating such a fabulous foodie destination. Kudos to Dante's for their creativity and hard work.
This is by far the Best Italian Deli in Westchester, even surpassing Arthur Ave.  Their food is Incredibly The Best, The Quality Impeccable. The owners have brought True Traditional Italian Dishes back from Italy. I have been going their for over 10 years and will always continue to patronize this establishment. Their Sandwiches/Heroes/Wraps/Panninis/Salads put every deli in Westchester to shame. The owners are very friendly, helpful, and care very much about their customers.They are also great at catering all your needs too. This is a great find and a  True Staple for Westchester County......As Good As It Gets......... A DEFINITE FIVE STAR  *****
The BEST Italian deli outside of Arthur Avenue.  Awesome hot food, wedges, sauces, etc.  A real treat to visit whenever possible!
I'm embarassed to admit how many times I drove past Dante's Deli without stopping to check it out. In fact, it's not much to look at from the outside. But once you step through the front door, you'll be very glad to be there. The first thing you see is a beautiful produce section. The selection is limited and a bit pricey, but the produce is fresh and clean and beautiful. As you wind your way past that area (it's a tight squeeze in there!), you'll find a big selection of canned tomatoes, pastas, vinegars, and other basics. Then, you'll see the take-out counter where they make beautiful sandwiches, paninis, and full meals. Walking around toward the register, you'll pass the referigator case of olives, mushrooms, other antipasti, cheeses, and a few desserts. Behind the register are some beautiful breads. All on all, it's pretty much a one-stop deli. The quality of everything is first-rate, much of it imported directly from Italy. As far as I've experienced, Dante's is pretty much the best Italian deli in Westchester. I'm not one to hand out 5 stars easily, but this one is a no brainer!
Best paninis, wraps and sandwaches around  Feesh, gourmet ingredients prepared. Fresh raviolis, pasta, marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese prepared daily.
If you almost get knocked out by hanging meat and cheese you know the place is going to be good! Friends and i were biking in the area. After looking up delis in the area (on Yelp of course) we biked here to pick up some lunch. After some deliberation i decided to go with a Panini, inside was fried eggplant, broccoli rabe, fresh mozzarella, red peppers and balsamic vinaigrette. Their was a massive line just to order, i literally waited 20 minutes on a line to get food. Also the dude started making the wrong sandwich (chicken), I caught him with my hawk eye and corrected him. :) The whole ordeal took about 30 minutes but it was completely worth it. The food was absolutely delicious and still reasonable priced. If it wasn't for the long wait and the almost error with my sandwich this place would have received 5/5.
The only reason I haven't given this place 5 stars is because it is pricey. I do realize that food costs money, but the delicious sandwiches just seem a bit too expensive. So fresh and delicious though, it is most times worth the  money.  Just writing this review has me craving their food right now.
The number 1 wrap is sooo good. Three small bistro tables al fresco.  No indoor seating.
I still love Dante's but II've been so busy with work that I havnt been able to stop by there in a while. Today I went to a realtor's only open house at the Ritz Carlton's second  high rise condo building (#5)  to preview their new units plus the pent house level yet to be customized. It was great seeing the units and being on the 25 floor  surrounded by glass and able to look at Long Island Sound in the distance! ... The even was catered and as I'm trying some cheeses and grapes and figs and then the sandwiches I began to feel that I was still alive, but  way up in the clouds with all the great choices ( forget being on just the 25th floor) .. Who did  your cateringIasked, Dante's they replyed!  This was definately the best  catered lunchion 've been to in ages. First of all the the dishes all looked like works of art ( which I realized they actually were)  The best cheeses, the crustiest sandwiches with the most tastfull combinations of meats, cheeses, etc. Everything tasted so good and then a few swconds later oftengave another taste surprise of a diferent welcomed " color" I can only say that it's like when you see someone who is really great looking, not overdone or false, but just simply great looking and as you gaze at them  you see even more things about them that add to their buty, nothing crazy or obvious just softly beautifyl. Thet's what Dante's lcatered lucnh today was like. ....OK that's it, I have to find time to get back to their pllace,  Life is meant to be enjoyed and Dante's is a great start! .....Gene
This place is really authenticate italian.  Try anything it's amazing. Parking be troublesome especially during lunchtime when it's crowded. You can definitely taste the difference. It's in the ingredients.
It does NOT get any better.  We stumbled upon this place after taking our Belgian Malinois for training sessions nearby.  Holy Cannoli.....best chicken parm I have ever had, and I was born and raised in Manhattan...I've gone to many of the restaurants in Little Italy....this is as good, and BETTER than what I've had down there.   With the Chicken Parm, the breading/frying is very light, not over powering, and the cutlets are thin and beautiful..OMG...just amazing!!!!  We also have had their Eggplant Parm and Lasagna....outstanding.  Don't miss this place, it won't disappoint.   Last time we got a pannini with peppers, mozz, arugula, balsalmic, and tomatoes..one of their "prepared" sandwiches. Again, it was FANTASTIC!!!!!
This little unassuming place is off the charts!!! They have the best and most amazing combinations of paninis! But bring your wallet full, and eat before you visit! You will be hungry and probably buy out the entire store! The place has the most amazing Italian foods, raviolis, sauces and products!!! This place is a hidden gem and the owner is the nicest guy ever! I love Dante's and could never be without them! I try not to frequent, because you can eat like that and become an elephant. Try the Simba Bomb on your salads, or paninis....go for it!!! You won't regret it!!!
One of the best Italian gourmet delicatessens in the County or, for that matter, the NYC metropolitan area/ Parking is limited you may wish to come at an off hour. When you enter take a second to peruse the small , carefully curated produce area to your right. You might find beautiful endive or Treviso radicchio - magnificent large garlic , tomatoes in season. Behind the produce packaged goods, dried pastas, oils vinegars. Often there is a special on canned San Marzano tomatoes. The sandwich counter is the most popular area in the store. Each sandwich is hand sliced and lovingly assembled, so waits at lunchtime can be long. If memory serves,  the best one I ever had featured prosciutto, speck, fig and fontina on a ciabatta. Worth the wait. In warm weather a small table or two overlooking the parking lot are available. The hot dishes sell out fast - you don't usually encounter stuffed zucchini flowers in a Westchester deli. Moving to the front of the store you come to the salumi and formaggi=very high quality exceeded only by DiPalo's on Grand Street Manhattan. You might encounter fresh burrata or truffle butter, plump Cerignola olives. There is a small case with fresh steaks, chicken, Italian sausages. At one time a sign proclaimed a Biancardi's provenance, but that sign is up no longer. The quality remains. Breads and other baked goods are behind the register. To my taste the best thing here are the chocolate biscotti - I wish I knew where they got them. Anthony, the owner is a bit harried but always nice, the pride he takes in his store evident on each visit. Highly recommended.
This deli is unlike any other deli in Westchester.  Once you step through their doors, it's as if you just walked into an Italian Deli...in Italy!  Everything in this place is very high quality and seems to be imported from Italy.  My co workers and I often stop by for lunch.  A must try is the B Panini...(chicken cutlet, roasted red peppers, spicy peppers, thinly sliced prosuito, fresh mozzarella, basil pesto and sweet aged balsamic vineger) all sandwiched inside fresh baked Arthur Avenue  bread and then panini pressed.  Without a doubt, the best sandwich I've had in Westchester!  Lots of flavor packed into this sandwich.   Outside of the lunch menu, Dantes offers amazing cannolis, hot buffet style food charged by the pound and a wide variety of cheeses.  The only thing keeping me from  giving Dante's 5 stars is the fact that this place is a bit on the pricey side for the casual lunchgoer.  It's still worth grabbing a bite here from time to time.
I have to admit this is probably one of the best delis in White Plains.  However,  please be prepared to throw out some big dollars when you enter this place.  You will get great cold cuts and sandwiches however the bill might hit you pretty hard on the way out.  If this was not case I would give it 5 stars
No Sausage, Egg and Cheese for you One morning, I felt the after burn of bourbon pin up with aggressive force against my insides and went there to get a sausage egg and cheese which was beyond scrumptious and it revitalized me on the spot. Eggs were scrambled and fluffy and the sausage was plump, ample, soft and not incredibly salty or overtly greasy either. Today, I go there with no one in the store and the owner says that his crew can't make me one because they're so focused on assembling mile long heroes for super bowl Sunday so now Dante's can blow me big time. Since when his busting out a sausage egg and cheese such an intricate, time intensive, all encompassing act.  I don't believe I was denied a sausage egg and cheese. I was basically denied service the way blacks were turned away from greasy spoons down south in the fifties except I wasn't called any racist names on my way out.  Excluding my brush off and denial of a soul replenishing sausage, egg and cheese, all the sandwiches here are just ok. Plus, they seem to make up new prices on the spot. Rabe is weak, chicken cutlets are dull and by the time your sandwiches are ready their ready to call your number at the DMV in White Plains.
This place is the best!  Just about everything they make is amazing.  Their hot food is excellent and their sandwiches and panninis are outstanding.  Even their meat and produce is very fresh.  Keep up the great work and don't change a thing!!!
Great paninis - Get the B!
Wow....yummy...and off the charts....have you gotten the point? The prepared hot food available at lunch, and the permanent or freshly made heros, are top notch. I love everything he makes. His homemade macaroni salad is the best I've ever had. Sure it's pricey, fine food is. Stop by, be prepared to wait cause the secrets out....but do go you won't be disappointed.
Ingredients were good and sandwiches were tasty, but the lady behind the counter did not know what a panini was.
The employees are some of the most obnoxious people you'll ever meet.  I tried to exchange a simple thing of Nutella because it had mold in it.  Apparently, I bought like the only jar on Nutella without a sticker that said blatantly, "Nutella."  My bad on that one.  The guy, Anthony said he wouldn't give me another one and started a verbal fight.  This was happening right in front of the customers and the other workers.  And no one did anything to make Anthony shut the fuck up.  They are also VERY VERY slow at preparing the food.  That will be the last I will ever go to this place.  Y'all might have different opinions, but I just think you should think twice about going here a second time.  Not to mention, but I will anyway, but I got FOOD POISONING from their sandwiches.  Again, I'm telling you right now.  DON'T EVER GO SHOP AT DANTE'S.  It is overpriced shit!!!!
This is the deli to go to.  Been to several Italian delicatessens in the Bronx.  There aren't too many in westchester, I know of,  but this is the best for sandwiches and hot meals that I ever had!
Excellent Italian deli. I felt like i was in Italy with the great selection of cheeses, sausage, produce, and pre-made items. I am a huge fan of their pomordoro and caponata sauces.
I consider this hands down to be my favorite sandwich place in Westchester.  Interesting combinations of meats veggie and condiments.  Hot or cold. And while you wait for your sandwich (fast they are not), the wonderful pizza calls your name.  "eat me in the car on the way home".  If the day is cold, skip the sandwich and go with the wonderful prepared foods.
authentic italian deli. everything is delicious
This establishment's reputation is well deserved. Three of us went here for lunch. We had two panini and a sandwich. All the food was amazing, including the pine nut cookies my friend ordered. It is actually pretty rare for me to be looking forward to trying and buying other foods a deli has to offer but that is indeed the case here.
Authentic Italian deli/small scale market. The best paninis I've ever had. Staff is friendly, and fast. However, be sure to avoid the lunch rush, and be forewarned that parking is quite limited. Considering that these are the only downsides, this deli is a must for anyone and everyone. Closed on Mondays.
