This is the best chicken in Westchester. Brined/marinated for 24 hours, then slow-cooked on a rotating spit over a hardwood fire to a monitored internal temperature, this is the ultimate chicken for chicken lovers. This cooking method gives a beautiful dark finish to the chicken skin, and moist meat. So many places cooking chicken over-cook it. The USDA and health department recommendation of 190 degrees internal temperature is followed by most establishments, making for dry, tough product. 165 degrees is sufficient to kill all pathogens, and cook a chicken thoroughly. These guys know that. Their chicken is awesome. Not to be missed.
Not what I was expecting. Ordered the white meat chicken with black beans and yuca fries. Black beans and yuca fries were nothing short of amazing.  Beans were well seasoned and had a wonderful texture.  Yuca fries were hot, crispy and not oily.  The sauce that they provided - I think the yellow one is for the fries, were not even necessary.  The fries were flavorful and needed nothing to carry them.   Back to the sauce.  The yellow one was thick and seemed to be a cross between mayo/mustard while the green sauce was more like a cilantro laden salsa.  This is definitely not the green sauce you will find at Pio Pio or Sophie's.  Not much flavor to it either.  Pretty useless.   The chicken looks like jerk (see picture) chicken and was juicy as well as pretty well seasoned.  Since it was early, I think they may have given us leftover chicken from the day before because the taste was distinctive - this was not freshly made. I literally live around the corner and may try them again - just not so early in the day.
Finally tried this place out for lunch.  It's a small spot next to the bike shop, easy to miss.  The staff was friendly and courteous.  I ordered the 1/4 chicken meal, with fried yuca and black beans and I agree with Paul S that they were delicious.  The mild sauce was yellow and had a mustard like taste, the hot sauce was green more like a salsa texture. The prices are more than fair and the portion was just the right size to be full without leftovers.  Also split the Dulce de Leche ice cream (served with friend plantains, caramel and sea salt) dessert with my friend.  It was scrumptious!  My only regret was not getting my own order.   The menu is a bit limited, but looks like they have a enough of a spread to please most (i.e. salads, soups, steak, sandwiches, etc.) I'll be back to try the rest of the menu very soon!
Was driving by and smelled the food grilling and immediately parked the car. Split the half chicken and the skirt steak with a friend. DELICIOUS! Ended up ordering a whole chicken and another skirt steak to go! Yucca fries were fantastic - plantains were cooked perfectly - coleslaw was spot on! Will definitely be back!
Tender, juicy, and very well seasoned chicken. Skirt steak is one of the best I ever had. Yucca fries are outstanding and so are the sauces. The service from this mainly takeout place is commendable. They ran out of skirt steak during one of our visits and the guys threw in a few sides and desserts for free. They are very patient with kids as well. Highly recommended for food and service. One point is taken out for non-existent eating area and parking spaces outside. We overlooked the shortcoming many times and ended up very happy.
This place is amazing great chicken and great service. The rice and beans are a great complementary with the chicken. I recommend people to come and try this place out
Here at Braza Roja, I just had the best tasting chicken I ever had, ever!  I ordered a quarter of dark meat chicken with a side of yuca fries and coleslaw.  Chicken is marinated very nicely and cooked to super-perfection; very tender, juicy, packed with perfect flavor. The yuca fries are the best yuca fries I've ever had; perfectly balanced taste, texture and fried on point.  The coleslaw is excellent, great ingredients, not heavily sweet and soaked like KFC's.  The yellow sauce is my favorite sauce and the picante green sauce is an excellent combination. Great staff, good space for dine-in, large flat screen, great selection of water and soft drinks.  Have a Malta! Five out of five, people!  This restaurant is a must to dine in (and they deliver). BEST CHICKEN EVER, trust me! And btw, Braza Roja puts 53rd & 6th av Halal Chicken & rice in second place!  This is my new chicken spot.
Great little place.  They left out those delicious black beans out of my order yesterday but it's great to have a place that adds diversity to the food options in the area.
We ordered a variety of things, half chicken, skirt steak, sides and salad. All of it was so good! We want to come back! They have delivery too! Holler!
Their chicken is tender and moist.  One of the best rotisserie chickens I've had.  If you enjoy PIO PIO like chicken, then you'll love their chicken. I had rice and beans for the side order and it was very good. The location is barely noticeable but the chicken definitely  stood out.
Ordered takeout from here recently and got the Family Meal ($22.50). Meal consists of a whole rotisserie chicken, two sauces and three large sides. I opted for the rice, yucca and platanos as my sides. The rice was good, albeit the "large" side is not enough for a family of four.    It's more appropriate for two adults.  The yucca and platanos were also not as large as I would have wanted but they were both awesome.  Some of the best fried yucca I have ever had. The chicken itself is large and suitable for a family of four (so long as you don't have any teenage boys).   If you want all white meat it is $1.50 extra and you should give them advance notice if you want this.  I was told it would be an hour wait for all white meat.   The chicken itself was good.  I would say it is slightly better than the rotisserie chicken you would get in my local super market. You get two sauces.  One was a spicy cilantro type sauce and another was a spicy mayo type sauce.  I'm not a fan of cilantro so I skipped that one but the other one was very good.  Albeit not very spicy. There is sufficient metered parking in front of the restaurant and there is minimal, casual seating inside. I would definitely buy back from here again - especially the yucca.
Stopping by to pick up a takeaway last week  Menu is small but if your craving rotisserie chicken give this place a try. I sampled there habaniero chicken but chose there regular which was excellent. Will be returning.
Nothing but good things to say about Braza Roja! We got a family size for the four of us and we were stuffed! And only $22.50! Plus the owner gave us desserts on the house! I will definitely be coming here again! And the food was out shortly! Didn't even have to wait for a long Time.
Stopped by here for lunch and was really impressed by both the chicken and the sides (Yuca fries and black beans were delicious). Done in a traditional charcoal rotisserie for those familiar with the Brazilian and Peruvian styles - makes for juicy and tasty chicken with the traditional yellow and green sauces. Highly recommend this restaurant and looking forward to trying their future meat additions.
Whole chicken, plantains, rice and not sure what it's called but the thicker green sauce...THE PERFECT BITE.
So good!! I came in with my family and enjoyed the food a lot. We ordered the family size meal so we got a whole chicken and three sides all for $22.50. The chicken was perfectly cooked. It was flavorful and moist. The mashed potatoes were to die for. We also ordered the coleslaw, which was nothing short of amazing, and the rice which was perfectly cooked. We also had the fried plantains for dessert which were incredible! They make their own ice cream too, delicious. Also, the person who served us was very friendly. No complaints from this family.
I came during their first week. Got the flank steak with chimichuury and Yuca fries. It was incredible. The flank steak was more tender than a filet I had 3 days ago for triple the price. Really great food. As soon as you walk through the door you feel welcome and it will be hard to leave without food once you smell it.
Roast chicken was very good- fresh and juicy! Coleslaw was fantastic and so was the plantains. Didn't particularly care for the beans, but then again, I'm not a bean person. Yucca fries were ok---The owner was very pleasant and accommodating. Would eat in or take out from this place again!
Excellent chicken and black beans.  Only problem is that I stopped in on three occasions and they had no chicken cooked or cooking and was told it would be over an hour.  This happen during dinner time they need to fix this or they will go out of business fast.  The attendants attitude was terrible , no chicken 1 hour wait no apologies nothing.  On my third visit I questioned him on it and asked him how they are going to satisfy customers and he said many customer are okay with the jour wait.  Lol
We have ordered chicken at least a dozen times from Braza Roja  and it has been consistently excellent. It is moist and very flavorful. I would love to know what is in their marinade. It is great to have a place in the area to get a healthy meal rather than a chicken slathered with sticky-sweet barbecue sauce. The flank steak with chimichurri is tasty as well. The entrees come with a choice of sides, which are pretty good, but not great. My one complaint about this place is that besides white rice and beans, most of the sides are fried. It would be nice if they had some vegetable options. They deliver locally, but don't order delivery if you are in a rush. Sometimes it can take an hour, but they are upfront about the time frame.
Chicken heaven, upon my friends recommendation, I went here to try it out I must say. Wow chicken is superb and the side dishes are fantastic. Chicken is full of flavor and they also have great dessert. The staff is friendly and courteous. If you want some Good chicken check this place put I'm glad I did.
We've had the most amazing chicken dinners from this new business near the four corners...so happy its near our home! The flavors of the chicken are so good...all our friends loved it...their sides of rice and cole slaw...and black beans...and fried sweet delish plantains...were so delicious...we'll try different ones next time!   Love having friends over for drinks and free delivery of this terrific chicken dinner...you will be blown away...don't miss it    pati scott
My boyfriend and I ordered the whole chicken with rice and beans, and it was FANTASTIC. The chicken was tender and beautifully flavored and even the sides were great! Super impressed with Braza Roja!
