I almost left Bug Jar off my list - how could I have forgotten a place I spent so many a drunk night dancing my heart away.  Bug Jar - you introduced me to Filthy Funk.  You played M.I.A. before anyone knew who she even was.  I can usually find a table to hang out with my friends at, and you are a great pickup scene, I have to admit.  And there is never any judgement, no.  Such an eclectic scene of RIT kids and hipsters.  I sometimes feel a little too normal to be hanging out, but my emo friends help me to fit in a little better.  Oh yea, and you have two giant bugs flying in a circle above the bar.  Kudos - they are freaky little devils and definitely set ambiance for the place, that and the band stickers covering almost every square inch of the bar. It was love at first sight.  Or maybe second sight, because drinking and remembering do not tend to go hand in hand for me....
Man this place is super cheap.  I love it.  Live music, cheap booze, great atmosphere ... can't go wrong!
This bar has everything: relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff  and cheap drinks.
I love it.  The perfect gritty setting to see both local and out of town musicians play a show while standing amidst samplings of local art.  I went to see a friends band play one night and ended up seeing Sarah Lee Guthrie play after having returned from being on tour in Europe.  Drinks are moderately priced and there is a pool table.  What more could you want?
The Bug Jar has a niche in Rochester. Frequently copied, never matched. You know that crowd at Lux? The ones with the tats and piercings and weed stuffed in their converses and the endless philosophical monologues? Yep, those ones. Well, they're at the Bug Jar too. But they're less insufferable because the music drowns out their musings. I jest. Kind of. I love the Bug Jar. It's dirty, gritty, full of a mixed crowd, trying to be rough-and-tough and rocker-band-punky in such a fun way. The bands they draw are fabulous and I must say, would never come through Rochester if not for this place. I've played there as a band member myself a number of times and they do treat musicians well. Whether you're young and confused or old and misdirected (I'm in the process of transitioning between the two) - the Bug Jar will welcome you with open arms. The Thursday night shakedown is a little more mainstream...but be prepared to be well-versed in Indie Dance Hits from your ipod's Pandora station. It's a good time.
the bug jar gets kudos for being dedicated to the live music scene. drinks are cheap, atmosphere is cool. however, they loose two stars from me for 2 reasons. the first being they let in under agers. really kills the cool here. i understand that they can sell more tickets if they expand the clientel base by letting in unders but c'mon. we have all seen it. total romper room sometimes, total buzz kill. second reason, i feel like alot of the acts they book here are similar. i am begging you for more variety please!
still one of my all-time favorite rochester bars. they have versatile musicians come in (both local and out of state), as well as great DJs spinning a couple nights a week. it never feels cramped, even when it's super busy, and the drinks are good and cheap. remember to look up at the ceiling in the back room where the bands play.
Though it's perhaps not at the peak of its powers anymore, the Bug Jar is enjoying a resurgence after some wobbly years following a management shift at the end of the 90s.  It's undeniably the center of all live-music things indie, punk, no-wave, and just plain unclassifiable in Rochester.  The sound system is actually quite a bit better than it used to be, and the apartment's worth of furniture and appointments(!) bolted upside down to the ceiling about 15 years ago is still all there.  There's nowhere else for miles around--maybe in the whole country--where you can go see local punk bands open up for the Danielson Famile while standing underneath an upside down refrigerator for the whole night.  A good selection of beers (as well as a full bar), rotating exhibits by local artists, a funky Friday night DJ scene that's low-key and actually fun (read: comfortable clothes and old-skool soul and hiphop), roomy booths, a garish color scheme, giant bug sculptures flying circles over the bar, and a veritable who's who of the current American independent rock scene passing through are all part of the Bug Jar experience.  Small wonder that I was here 2-3 (or even 4) nights a week in my mid-20s.
the BJ is a lotta fun. especially when CHROMA is there.  yelp.com/biz/A7xw7I0tFfG…
The Bug Jar is home.  The furniture on the ceiling was novel at first, now it just feels right.  Drinks are cheap.  Company is cool.  I miss it.
The Bug Jar is a really cool spot to see a show.  Small but great sounding room.  The separate bar / lounge area is a great space to escape from the show if you don't care for  the band or just want a little break.  The drinks were surprisingly cheap and the bartender was pretty proactive.   The area is a bit quiet in the evening, but that's no biggie.  Parking was a breeze on the street. If I lived anywhere near Rochester, this would definitely be the spot I'd be hanging out in.
Live music is my thing, and that's what keeps me coming to the Bug Jar time after time. The space is small so the shows are intimate, loud, and in your face. I've seen big acts like Polar Bear Club and Now Now, to more local acts such as Pentimento, Innerriot and My Plastic Sun. The furniture on the ceiling and the rotating bugs above the bar give a cool vibe, but the excellent music lineups make Bug Jar a Rochester gem. If you just want to drink, and aren't into the shows (I'll never understand :p), you still have to pay cover, and you'll wait forever for the bartender. But you'll always find interesting people in the Bug Jar, and their Thursday Night Shakedown is an alternative to the live music. Bug Jar is hipster paradise and just a great place to come support local/up and coming artists that are on tour, and to find a new favorite band.
Bug Jar is a divey, quirky, little place where you can see some great bands. You have to watch the calendar and do a little research about who is coming through sometimes... you might have missed seeing the White Stripes or Silversun Pickups in this tiny venue. They host theme nights, too, I have only been to a few of those though. Drinks are pretty cheap. Not letting this affect my rating, but just a note to any ladies going to this place: bring a friend and stick to him or her like glue. I have had a few strange/border-line-scary run ins with some men at the bar when I have been alone while waiting for someone else.
I have been coming to Buf Jar for years. Rochester does not have a huge live music scene which is sad because there are a lot of great bands making a lot of cool music. I was last in here on Sunday, the fast that Bug Jar always has a cover is not a big deal to me, I prefer it when it's $3, when it gets to $5 and $10... Not such a huge fan. Drinks are ok price wise but also more expensive than most bars in the area. One cool thing they do on Sunday's is they have 2 kinds of soup and in the chillier months of Rochester, a $3 bow of soup hits the spot. I tried both kinds this week and liked them both. DO NOT go to Bug Jar if you want to have a conversation. There is no where in the bar you can clearly hear another person if the music is playing. That's not to say you can't yell or sit closer, it's just not a good place for it. They have info online so take a look at their shows and go enjoy some live music!
Lordy I love the Bug Jar. After all these years, it's still a great place to catch a show, hang out at the bar area and chat up some chums.  Ask any music fan about a favorite live show and chances are he'll tell you about someone they've seen there... and you'll feel like a chump for not having gone out to see it. While it's not the best venue capacity wise (it can be cramped), the sound man (usually Nick!) does a great job making the band sound right for the room. Yes, the clientele can skew hipster... and for us older tots we feel even older for that. As long as you don't creep on the younger tykes, however, you can kick back and enjoy the energy. Thank you, Bobby T!
When I was in my 30s I loved this place but now it is just filled with hipsters in a crowned space. Not my thing anymore.  Beer choices are OK.  I also don't care for the room being split in half so you cannot see the band from the bar.
The Bug Jar is a fun place and as a lot of people aptly say....it's an experience. My first visit was to see Blue Cheer in 2007 with my now husband. He invited me up to see the band and his words were "just wait till you see the Bug Jar."  It isn't a place we frequent anymore since my husband left the band Orodruin which is a band that plays there often.   We usually attend the semi-annual DoomFest to check out the regular doom metal scene. Its a fun place to watch bands and have a couple drinks which are more expensive than one would think. But you can always go to the little shop across the street and buy some Jungle Juice to get you going. It is for sure dirty, but charming, unique and for sure a good place for people watching. So enjoy.
luff to Bug Jar for hosting AWESOME shows. The interior is decent, the show area is a pinch small, but the quality of the music that plays at BJ more than makes up for any aesthetic flaws. The cover is usually reasonable and the drinks are moderately priced. I have yet to run into someone that makes me wanna kick them in their skinny-jeaned shins. Everyone is friendly and open to nerding it up about bicycles, music or random other stuff.
Loud, crowded, dirty, not as cheap as it looks, crammed with every Rochester musician (ranging from the 50+ year old rocker who just won't give up, to rising acts like Matt & Kim and tweens shaking their bottoms during the Thursday Night Shakedown)...the Bug Jar is ESSENTIAL ROCHESTER...Meaning that if you're in Rochester, going to school in Rochester, or just visiting your second-cousins that live in Pittsford...you must visit the Bug Jar. And no, don't go there for the drinks. They are average priced, average poured and will take you more than the average-length of time to get them because the bar area is ALWAYS crowded. That being said, pre-game it. Brace yourself, if an even moderately popular act is coming to play here...this place will be BAWLS TO THE WALL packed...and everyone will be rocking with a can of Pabst in their hand...so don't get all bent out of shape when something gets spilled on you. Dress lightly. Even in the dead of winter, you're going to be pouring sweat in this place if you hit the dance floor. Oh, and  use the bathroom before you go...I mean,t he bathrooms in this place could be really clean, but it's so freakin' dark in there, there could be gold on the floor and you'd never know. They've also got pool, local art, a few video games, great local DJs and more hipsters than the alphabet has letters. So, if you want to run into everyone that you went to high school with (given you went to HS in Rochester or a surrounding suburb), while also haggling to get a bartenders attention, and then run into a moderately known (not yet famous) indie band, and then get your winter coat stolen because you put it down behind the bar while you were dancing...only to have it found by your best friend who reminded you to stick your ID in your bra so you don't lose it....then GO TO THE BUG JAR. Oh and please, cut a girl a break. Do not try to have a conversation with me inside of this place. It is WAY TOO LOUD. That's why everyone  runs outside between the good songs...to chit chat and shoot the breeze.
The Bug Jar (or "Chuggy Bear") is hands-down the dirtiest bar in Rochester. I wipe my feet on the mat before I step outside! I can't describe in any sensible way why the Bug Jar is a great place to go, but I'm there two or three nights a week to see excellent musical acts, choke down some Canadian Club and pretend to dance using only the upper half of my body. The cultural phenomenon known as Thursday Night Shakedown is one of those screwball events that, like a 12th grade science class, constantly attracts eighteen-year-old kids trying to learn about reproduction, plus those of us who never graduated from it.
Other places are mere venues.  I go to other places when the event being hosted justifies me putting forth the effort to walk through the door.   The Bug Jar is a different order of being.  The musicians, instead of briefly breathing some life into the place - as is the case for many other bars and clubs, seem more like talented long-term denizens who have bubbled out from the woodwork to have some fun.  They get up on stage, start doing their thing, and the music and the band's energy and the crowd and the atmosphere sucks me out of the Rochester grind and into the Bug Jar dimension. I don't even have to know who's playing to be happy about going to the Bug Jar.  Partly that's because they seem to consistently book talented people, and partly it's because it's such a cool place.  Some people might call it small, I call it perfectly intimate.  Others might accuse it of being a bit grimy, but I say it's evidence of healthy living.  This is no meat market and I don't get any kind of a pretentious vibe - I come as I am, and I come for the music - and that seems to be what most everyone else is doing too.  Also, major kudos to management, who never overstuff the place - they stop admitting people long before the place gets too packed.   The interior is great - two rooms, a comfy one with a pool table and places to sit that's devoted to bar duty and another with a stage at one end and a space in front for the audience.  Walls and ceilings of both rooms are filled with patterns, mosaics, art, swirls, bumper stickers.... none of it related to any other part, but everything somehow tied together by the ginormous bugs hanging from the rotating fan blades above the bar.  There is so much going on visually it took me a couple of visits before I realized an entire kitchen and living room's worth of 1960's furniture is tacked to the ceiling over the audience's heads.   Change nothing, guys -
Rochester has never been a big alternative lifestyle city, but The Bug Jar is probably as close as it gets. Cool music, typically a fun and mixed crowd, but on weekends expect some post fraternity types to intermingle. Cool place to dance, good beers, good times.
I honestly don't know why people love going here so much. I was 21 the first (and last) time I went with a friend, though I'm rather short and I guess I don't exactly look my age, but my ID just so happens to be legit. I got a wristband at the door and met up with another friend. I ordered a drink at the bar and my friends and I were soon surrounded by bouncers who swooped in to ask for my ID. I handed it to the man next to me who took a good five minutes or so to stare at it and me, for good measure, I guess, all while my friend tried to wrap her head around WHY they were asking for my ID AGAIN after checking it at the door and getting a wristband. "It happens sometimes," was the reply from one of the men. After the one was done staring at my ID, he nodded at the other man and reassured him it was legit. This man then insisted to verify this apparently stunning discovery for himself and took my ID to look. He looked at it, then me, handed back my ID and didn't give so much as an apology before walking off. It was ridiculously hot and definitely too crowded. Getting stuck to strangers because of excessive sweat and asshole bouncers is not my idea of a good night.
It's an experience going to the Bug Jar. But one must frequent this place every once in a while. The times I've been to the Bug Jar it's usually to see the Isotopes (who are fantastic!). I've encountered some strange individuals on those outings, but it's all part of the dive bar, band viewing experience, right? Nonetheless, Bug Jar is a Rochester staple. Every time I'm there for a show I can't help but find myself staring at the furniture on the ceiling and the unique (and I mean that) decor throughout the bar; great people watching too. There's usually a cover, but nothing I don't mind paying. (Support our local musicians!) I recommend sticking with canned or bottled beer, a PBR perhaps, you'll fit right in. BTW ear plugs are recommended to save your ear drums - it's a small space where the bands play = LOUD
This place is pretty cool. I went on a Thursday night, when my friends in town said they have an indie dance party. Count me in, I said. Coming from Austin, TX, this place felt like home. There was some death metal band finishing up their set right when I got there. They had a selection of local brews on draught. There were guys with long shaggy hair. The decor felt like a movie set of Austin Powers, but with some furniture stuck to the ceiling. My only complaint is that they charged a cover after 11pm when they scheduled "no cover after 11" on their website's calendar. I understand that maybe their schedule slipped, but who cares? I didn't come to see the live band anyways, nor did my friends. So, they waited outside in the cold snow 10 minutes so they wouldn't have to pay the money. Kind of silly if you ask me. The crowd was cool & somewhat diverse, and they really got into the music. I'd rather dance to what they play here to the ClearChannel Top10 at other places any day. I'd miss this place if we didn't have 10 similar places in Austin. For those living in Rochester, cherish this gem and frequent it often.
I heart the Bug Jar. I'll always stop in whenever in Rochester, even if now I'm the token older guy. With a living room on the ceiling, and the best bands and DJs playing in Rochester, the place just oozes with cool. When I visited last it was packed with pretty people, who were all incredibly friendly. It was just as awesome as I remembered. This was my college hangout, and even as a guy over 30 that you shouldn't trust, I still love it with all my heart.
I used to come here a lot when I was at RIT, but I feel like this bar has gone downhill in the two years since I graduated.  Maybe I got old, or alienated all my friends, but I believe the crowd here has changed.  I went here the other night for my friend's DJ set and I just didn't enjoy myself like I used to.  Sure, Herman is still there, the beers are still cheap, and they can attract good acts, but some of the people who show up can really kill it for me. Two years ago this was one of my favorite venues, but the Bug Jar has been displaced by Lux as my favorite Rochester bar.  Yeah, I know, Lux doesn't host shows, but they also seem to host less jerks and coked out girls.
As far as I understand they still book punk shows, I think I saw a flyer for Kyklooppein Sukupuuto with Rochester's very own Bludwulf, or at least done with art by James. I saw some excellent shows here from around 2001 to 2003 and ceremoniously pierced my nose in the bathroom one drunk night with a safety pin. I don't recall anything about the actual quality of the bar/drinking/food or anything like that, I went solely for the music and drank down the street.
The Bug Jar is that hip hole in the wall that seems kind of cramped and scummy at the time, but then five years go by and you think "Wow, I saw the Arcade Fire in a space no bigger than my living room" and you realize it's just right.  I saw many great bands here that I am thrilled to make obnoxious, jaded comments about seeing before they were selling out arena shows or on the O.C.  Great punk and indie shows, and occasionally a fun dance party packed with art school kids.  I shared a birthday with the doorman and exercised as many free drinks as possible out of that circumstance.  Go for the rock shows!  You'll look back on them fondly.  Just don't make out with anyone in the dark corners of the basement or you might scare the bartender into dropping a whole case of empties.
Miss the 90s when they had more important (IMO) touring bands playing there.  Still a good place to check out bands.  Love the Bug Jar Brown beer.
Best bar in Rochester. Hands down. Do it. Jerks.
Awesome Place and staff!!!! They manage to book the best bands around.
The Bug Jar is way hip and has excellent rock bands like, 3 nights a week, and dance party mania on other nights. Super fun!!!!!!
