I am not sure why the reviews are so low. With the advent of DUI stops, people not drinking as much as yesteryear, obviously bars are not what they used to be , back in the day. I occasional still visit Black Bear for some beers with the boys and its not bad for a bedroom community in Westchester. what it is is what it is! They were a lot busier a couple years back but still a decent option .\ as far as bars burgers and beer go in White plains.
Had never been here but live nearby and happened to see it on Groupon for a burger & beer special so we thought we'd give it a try.   Well, let's just say we won't be returning.  The other reviews were right.  It was not busy when we arrived and the wait staff seemed too preoccupied.  The menu shows the burgers have a side of fries, but of course, not with Groupon, we had to pay extra for the fries.  We did get to choose our own beer which was decent and the food was good.  However, the atmosphere & staff... could've been better.   With so many choices of pubs on Mamaroneck Ave, I guess for a couple who's not looking to party, Black Bear Saloon is not going to be our choice.
we stopped in for a quick bite to eat after calling to ask if our Groupon would be honored. We were encouraged to come on in. Our waitress was wonderful and the food was Amazing. Burgers and fries were made to perfection and the Cajun wings were yummy.
I see the negative reviews, however, WE had a good experience. We went there on the Groupon, yes, the fries were extra, just order one for the two of you. We learned that new owners bought the place in May, hired a new wait staff, new gourmet chefs. We liked it, we felt like we were treated like kings, I'm sorry everyone had such a bad experience. I would give it a shot, fine, take your time exploring the other restaurants in White Plains, but when you're ready, head on over to Black Bear for some burgers.
Black Bear Saloon is a bar where you can grab a bite to eat or a drink while watching a game in White Plains. It is located relatively close to New York City whether you drive or take the Metro North. The closes Metro North stop is about a 5 minute drive away. I went there this past Friday for a happy hour event. Drinks were relatively cheap at $2-4 if you took advantage of the happy hour pricing. However,  I felt were too "syrupy" in taste. I ordered a Whiskey sour and all I could taste was the sour and none of the liquor. After that I decided to stick with beer and ordered a Coors Light (not the best I know). You could definitely tell that they're not used to dealing with a huge crowd too often because some of the staff seemed a bit overwhelmed. Will I be going back here? Probably not. I think I'll check out other bars in the area before considering heading back to Black Bear Saloon.
I used to come to this place a lot never had a problem. 2 weeks ago with four of my friends had a great time for about four hours in the place. I ride with a motorcycle club so I wasn't there in my colors for four hours eating drinking about $250 worth . I go to the back with two of my friends there smoking cigarettes we're about to go back in the the security comes up to me and tells me that I have to leave because I'm I'm in my colors . I asked him why and he said he had a dress code I said no problem but I was here for four hours why didn't nobody stop me from the beginning there they let me spend all my money and then kick me out I was definitely discriminated upon. If you're in the motorcycle community do not go to this place it does not welcome any of us in the community . Ruined my night never again. Owners suck. BCCFFBCC
Nice outdoor area, but the drinks are nothing special and it gets incredible crowded. Went here for New Years which was fun, but so packed you could not move. The food is nothing great either, but I'd recommend going at least a few times.
Bad bad service. Order a drink, they bring me wrong drink. Then they say don't have the drink I ordered. Why not tell me first? Rude. Rude customers too. Stay away.
I used to go to Black Bear frequently 5-6 years ago, but moved out of White Plains and found new places to eat and drink.  I happened to see a Groupon for Black Bear so I figured why not, haven't been in a while. My wife and I sat down on a Sunday afternoon for lunch, we were the only people there.  We ordered an appetizer and some drinks which came out fine.  When asked to order our entrees, I mentioned I had the Groupon and showed it to the waitress - she took my phone and brought it into the back, returning it to me and saying she had to wait for her manager - no problem.  Our food came out - my burger was totally underdone but edible, my wife's chicken tenders were stringy and straight out of the freezer.  While I wasn't expecting a gourmet lunch, I wasn't expecting a total disappointment either.  We decided not to make a stink seeing as we had the Groupon and didn't want to be annoying customers. When I asked the waitress to please bring the Groupon to her boss, she returned explaining that the promotion was only good at a specific Black Bear location, and would not be honored.  My wife and I then realized why she didn't initially tell us this at the start of the meal - pretty sneaky, no one was laughing. The waitress took an appetizer off of the bill, then had the audacity to ask us to fill out a comment card...so as not to embarrass anyone - we passed on filling out the comment card. No one ever came by to take the plates off of the table or refill our drinks.  And despite the place being empty we literally counted 8 waitresses, 3 managers, 3 kitchen hands and a bar back....all standing around at the end of the bar playing with light-up foam guitars. Needless to say, like other reviewers have mentioned - this place just keeps going down further and further.  There are plenty of other choices on Mamaronek Ave in White Plains so don't waste your time here.  Never again.
Another pub on this street, but this one is more like a sports bar masquerading as a pub.  TVs blaring from every nook and cranny.  I guess it could just have been due to the game that was on, but the douchebaggery count was through the fuckin' roof.  Lots of hi-fivin', chest bumpin', bi-curiosity.  We got the hell outta there post-haste.  Their tap selection is pretty intensely weak too.  I shan't return.   "Dude, you sure this doesn't make us gay?" "Yeah bro, it's cool...."
Well, late night out celebrating cinco de mayo, bored and a friend that happens to be HOTTT called and asked to go there since it was a Tuesday, so i said OK. It started to Rain and i dont go out drinking when its raining, since i have to drive home. The Good: Well the girls are delicious, lots and plenty to choose from. all kinds of women. The food is just like any other bar and relative cheap. Drinks are very cheap, we got 12 drinks(6 margaritas and 6 coronas) for 56 bucks. The bad: shit load of cops driving around the place and on the parking lot, makes it seem not safe at all. The UGLY: more Deuchbags and guidos and look at me im so buff type of guys. Weird and just makes it seem Gay, but then again they like that stuff...
I use to really like this place- but now-Won't be going back for a number of reasons- first they advertised brunch on their web site but when we got there we were told that they weren't actually starting until next week so the pricing was going to be twice the brunch price (14.99 for all you can drink mimosa + cost of entree roughly another 13 dollars as oppose to 13 dollars total) but we were like fine...we were already there, might as well stay and have some food. They didn't have many items. What they did have took extremely long (about 45 minutes) to be delivered and two items were ice cold, the and one other item was incorrect. Further, we went early on a Sunday and I had my sleeping baby in a stroller with me. She slept the entire time but did not  bother anyone- our waitress was wearing a bracelet that literally said "f*** babies" without the stars... I am sorry but if you work in the service profession you should know that is incredibly offensive and I will NEVER go back for that reason alone.
This is the best bar on Mamaroneck Ave. in White Plains. It is usually good on any night of the week and has great nightly specials. The food is great and so is the service. If you are looking for a place to party on the weekend then this is THE SPOT! It has a fun atmosphere and a Dj who plays an array of different music to keep everyone enjoying themselves. Definetely check it out if you are in the area!!!
Food: 2.5 Decor: 2.5 Ambiance: 4 Service: 2.5 Value: 3
Well, I tried it again.  If you're a novice child drinker, this is your haven.  Otherwise, it's just a den of children trying to hard to find a drunken mate.  It looks NO cleaner in the dim evening "ambiance" lighting.   Luke warm beer in plastic cups with a disinterested bar staff that seem to find themselves cool.   Cheap.  That's the only word to describe the building maintenance, service level (or lack thereof), cleaning products and the lukewarm beer.
Like the rest of its chain, this place has just been going down hill for years. The place is always empty and the last time I tried to go, they wanted a huge cover - for an empty bar!  I used to stop by for a drink because it was quieter than the surrounding bars but I get why it is always empty - everything is as pricey as the rest and the atmosphere is just dead.
We went in on a Sunday to have lunch. The bartender was a very polite older guy but I knew something wasn't right when each tap (3 of them) had a bucket next to them for foam dispersal. The beer isn't cold enough coming out of the taps so he had to get rid of  a lot of foam. After a warm beer we ordered nachos and they were gross. Nobody was in the place. Not going back.
Nice place, variety of beers on tap, food is great, and they make a great burger. Friendly service, TVs everywhere, overall very pleased. Been here several times, and I always try to stop in when I'm in the area.
As far as food and beer selection goes, they don't compare with Lazy Boys two doors down from Black Bear.  However, in comparison with other restaurants in general, I would describe them as having a very solid selection of appetizers, burgers, wraps, salads, and wings. The prices were very reasonable with almost everything food wise being right around $9 to $11 and my pint of draft beer was $3.  They are way better then Applebees and Fridays for sure!  When the weather is nice, like almost all restaurants on Mamarineck Ave, you can eat outside.  The inside has lots of TV's if you would like to watch the local game.  The restrooms are really nice with multiple plasma TV's.  Always a big plus in my book!  :)  The hostess and staff were extremely attractive which didn't hurt matters.  With looks aside, the service was actually quite good and attentive.  All around a solid 4 stars.
Came in here for lunch, and I can safely say that next time I'm in the area I'll be going to one of the many other pubs along Mamaroneck Ave. The place was nearly empty, but it took five minutes for a staff member to say a single word to me. I waited almost an hour for food (a salad, I might add), which would be ridiculous even in a crowded restaurant... But in a place where there are only people at two of the tables? Absurd. The food itself was... Not terrible, but definitely not worth the wait.
Not too bad.  The food is ok, the service is ok.  They do have televisions everywhere, which makes it a good place to watch a lot of the games.  Pretty cool atmosphere if you're looking for a place to just hang out.
Decent bar to hang out at in WP but not usually my first choice.
I want to start by saying, i am not hard to please in a restaurant setting. I bar tended and waitressed for almost ten years. Although I am not typically a fan of the White Plains nightlife, I've been here numerous times. For the most part, I've been drinking late night... Therefore, I never previously had much of an opinion (all the places downtown White Plains are essentially the same). HOWEVER, I went here on two occasions, both for college football. ON BOTH OCCASIONS MY GIN AND TONIC WAS TONIC ONLY. I could not believe it. I am not one to complain, so instead I WILL NEVER GO BACK. $18 for tonic water - no thanks! Not to mention the food was overpriced and mediocre.
This place is okay, but given the selection of much better bars on the same block, I would opt to go elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, I've definitely enjoyed many nights here, but they don't have the beer selection of Lazy Boy, the outdoor space of Porterhouse or the rooftop deck at Elements. They do have pretty decent and affordable food, which is a plus but, once again, they just don't compare to other places in the area.
So disappointing. Mamaroneck is nothing but an oasis of pubs.  You want pub fare and beer?  You have reached your heaven on Mamaroneck Ave. And that being said I am willing to view all pubs through  brown colored glasses.  I am not looking for fine dining. I am aware as to the level of food and drink I should expect. That being said ------ the best way to explain Black Bear ---- poor food, poor service. No here is the funny part in White Plains you can get away with one or the other and still thrive.  You can have great service and crappy food and be awesome, or vice versa you can have crappy service and great food (cough BLT cough). Unfortunately Black Bear is the trifecta. Poor food, poor service, poor manners, poor management. Now bear in mind that this is connected to the bar next door. But still is there any reason why a soup of the day, salad and steak sandwich should take over 50 minutes to be prepared? Perhaps if the kitchen is overwhelmed...............by the bar next store.  Yup the black bear was nice and quiet but since it's sister bar was busy we had a delay in our order of 50 minutes. No drink was given free (beer or soda).  No discount on the food.....nothing. And once the food came it was horrible.   The French Onion soup had a base of dish water - no flavor, no onion.  Basically you eat the melted cheese and pray that calcium somewhat helpse. The Caesar salad that is drenched in mayo is disgusting.  The lettuce is not romaine but iceberg and the mayo comes through in the flavor.  Is there a reason for every piece of green to be drowsed? And the piece de resistance - a ridiculously tough steak sandwich with cold and old sweet potato fries.  How are the fries cold , when this dish came out ten minutes after the rest of the dishes?   I suppose one is supposed to look like a caveman when biting through the cold, tough meat? Sorry Black bear you are out. P.S. A black and tan is supposed to actually have a line in it, which is somewhat blurred.  It shouldn't be one color - FAIL! NEver again.  We should have waited the five minutes for Applebees.  Food would have been edible and faster.
Sports bar/college bar.  Good place to watch a weeknight game or a Sunday game, but too packed to enjoy a Friday or Saturday night game.  When I brought my dad here, two girls started violently making out which was awkward.  It's that kind of place.  You wouldn't be going for the food.  Go here the day after you break up with your ex.
Beer selection is okay and atmosphere nothing special.  What it does have going for it is a great happy hour deals including pints of any beer for 3 bucks on Thursday's.  It gets a third star for having Genesee Cream Ale on TAP!  This is something I have never seen and can't imagine seeing anywhere else.  Good afterwork place, but if I lived in the area I would probably not go here too often.
Nothing special. The waitress really didn't have an idea of the menu and the food was sub-par. There were mini TVs at each booth though which I thought was pretty cool. Basically this is a good place if you're just looking for sports and good beer specials, skip it if you're getting food.
Been a customer for 7 years. Went there to have a drink, the shot girl spilled her entire tray on my shirt. All i got was a "sorry, you're at a bar". No apology. Extremely disrespectful. I'm also surprised the White Plains police department lets that place stay open considering most of the people I meet in there are 17. If you want to find underage drinkers.... this is your place.
Uh....GROSS and DISGUSTING comes to mind starting my review.  We went on a Friday night and the place was empty.  We sat in a booth where the bartender served as our waitress so to get her was ridiculous.  The food was disgusting!  Their is no other way to describe it.  The only decent thing was the chicken bites.  The place itself is dark, old, and dirty.  We did see a couple of under aged drinkers at the bar and we saw employees just sitting around doing nothing.  They could have at least helped the bartender.  We will never go back and we left their very hungry and grossed out.  And finally, and this is not a joke, I did see a roach near our booth.  Albeit a small roach, it was still there.  It was at that point that we quickly ended our horrible meal and high tailed it out of their.  Go to the Brazen Fox instead.  Trust me, you won't be sorry!
Won't be heading back there.  Went to the bar around 10:15pm Monday evening.  Not sure if it was because it was a "Monday night football" night or something but....the service was HORRIBLE, i waited a the bar for 10 minutes before being approached to be served and the bar wasn't that crowded.  I ordered beer for my friends, and a glass of malbec for myself, which I saw a bottle of on the bar.  When I asked for the malbec, I got a blank stare, to which I said "it's a wine. it's right behind you." and pointed to it. The girl turned around saw it and laughed in a "oh my god i had no idea what you were talking about" twittish giggle.  Subsequent rounds took just as long.  The eyebrow-over-plucked douche sitting next to us took up most of the floor waitresses time, they were having a flirt/play fight/whatever it was.  When we tired to order french fries, we had to go to the bar and waited 25 minutes for a saucer of fries, not the huge plate you'd get at most pubs.  I will never go back here and will tell people to stay away. STAY AWAY PEOPLE!
