We came here on lunch hour, so I can't comment about the night scene here. Food was outstanding. I had a calamari salad over spinach with blue cheese, cranberry, and almond. Portion was large, food was fresh and of quality. The calamari had good texture; not chewy or overcooked. We sat outdoors on the roof top and service was quick and courteous. I would definitely return.
MASSIVE PORTIONS!!! Truffle Smoked Gouda Curly Fries is like a whole serving for one person's dinner. Anything with truffle is to die for, and truffle cheese fries are no exception. Elements Original Mac n' Cheese with Bourbon Bacon and Jalepeno: this dish is just $8 and is MASSIVE...seriously white plains $-to-food ratio versus NYC is so vastly different my eyes were like "definitely cannot finish this" - the mac n cheese was enough for 2-3 dinners for me. I wish it had more bacon bits - and the jalepeno was too mild. When I see jalepeno, I want some heat, which I did not get. Otherwise, definitely heart-attack worthy food~
Monday night trivia was awesome and fun food was great drinks were cold service was on spot manager/owner very cool all around great place
It was a very busy Friday night. We were treated like they appreciated us as customers. From the greeting at the door, the drink order, the waiter, and even the bus workers, everyone made sure that we were happy and satisfied. The menu was varied and imaginative. We had shepherd's pie, blue cheese Angus burgers, fish tacos, and salads. All were as good as we have ever had. We'll be back.
This was the first bar/club that I went to in Westchester. It has a lot of good music, and it can get fairly crowded, but no one is ever disrespectful or pushy. I've never seen people fight or start any issues- it's always a good group. It has two levels and in the summer the top portion opens up and you can smoke hookah. There are plenty of bathrooms on the lower level which is perfect as some places have two stalls and one is usually occupied with someone sick due to their high ingestion of alcohol. Miles is by far the best bartender at the place and his drinks are never watered down. The security is what reduced the rating for this place. They can be such jerks! They act like they run the place. That aside I actually like this place especially on Thursday nights. In my experience it's the best party spot in that area. I would recommend it!
Very long bar in a very long room front to back, Elements seemed semi-divey as I looked around but it had good contemporary food and as I looked at the Yelp photos, it actually is kind of chic.  Not sure how I missed that, although the jazz band (situated RIGHT in front of the bar) was so damn loud, albeit excellent musicians all, that my brain was a bit scrambled right from the get-go.... Everyone was eating in the bar area and at all the tables (good sign at 9PM right?), even though there was this jazz band smoking the place into a universal ringing ear syndrome.  I remember thinking, I might come back here someday just to see the rooftop patio.  It was a chilly night and Mamaroneck Ave was jamming with a lot of different places.  I just wanted to hear some good jazz and that's what I got.  Beer & wine and full liquor bar.  Draft beer selection was decent but def not a great selection.   Can't speak to the Jersey Shore lookalike crews or flamboyant gay boys dancing in underwear, as some other reviewers have gleefully noted.  That must be summertime and weekends, and I'll make sure to avoid that combination when I'm back in White Plains.  I must have gone there on Tame Night, because no such public theater for me that evening.  Crazy reviews about this place, but to me it was about as relaxed as it gets on Mamaroneck Ave. PS Why is it that 75% of these Elements reviewers can't formulate a sentence in English?  This is a creepy first for me.  Who are these people??
Ugh! If you want to feel like your hanging out with Snooki stop in late night.... The rooftop is a nice spot for Happy Hour, but be prepared for fist pumping after midnight.
I went to Elements for dinner because I had a Restaurant.com gift certificate that I purchased in late 2009 that had been sitting around forever.  The Restaurant.com certificates clearly say on the face that it never expires.   It was such a nice night that we ate up on the roof, which is a very nice space.  The food was average.  We had the crispy squid, french onion soup and salads for the main entree.  The crispy squid was just average fried calamari with avocado to dip in instead of marinara.  The french onion soup was mostly just the broth and cheese...hardly any onions or crouton.  I had the sesame toasted yellow tuna salad, which was one of the specials.  The tuna was extremely overcooked and dry.  In fact, the waiter told me as he was putting it in front of me that the kitchen overcooked it and that he would take it back if I wanted.  If he knew it was overcooked, he should not have put it in front of me.  He should have had the kitchen remake it.  In any case, I sent the salad back and the second version was much better and cooked properly.  However, the salad was completely drenched in the heavy sesame dressing.  I suggest if you order salad that you should order the dressing on the side.  My husband's salad was similarly sopping wet with dressing.  Also, we ordered beers with dinner and both were very warm.   Despite this less than stellar dining experience, I would still have been wiling to go back to Elements.  The food wasn't bad and the rooftop dining area is a nice touch.  However, my experience trying to redeem the Restaurant.com certificate and paying the bill ensured that I will never again set foot in that place.   First, the waiter had no idea what to do with the certificate.  I explained to him that they never expire, gave him my iPhone showing the e-certificate from the Restaurant.com app and he took it in the back to work on figuring out how to redeem the certificate.  He came back with the bill reduced by $25, the value of the certificate, so I thought everything had been worked out.  I was wrong.  Ten minutes later the waiter came back and said that the owner told him we could not use the certificate and that if we had questions, we could walk down three flights of stairs to speak to the owner.  The owner couldn't bother himself to come speak to his patrons.  We had to go to him.  The owner told us that he hates Restaurant.com as a company and stopped doing business with them two years ago.  As a "courtesy" he said he would honor the certificate this one time.  However, despite saying he would honor the certificate, he didn't let the waiter run our credit card.  He continued to question me and told me that he had a falling out with the company two years ago and he said he didn't believe the certificate never expires.   It is not my problem that he stopped doing business with the company.  What really got me was that he was rude and that he clearly remembered having a deal with Restaurant.com.  He was just trying to get around having to honor it.  Finally we got so tired of waiting that we just threatened to leave without paying the bill at all.  He ended up giving us the $25 discount and stormed off without another word.  He was totally unprofessional and I am astounded as to how he treated customers.  I will never go back there.  Mediocre food and a rooftop patio three stores high are not worth supporting that business.
Is one of my favorite bar in white plains, The best music in all White plains is over here, some time they bring live band too. They play all kind of music over here. The place is pretty big, but it get very packet. The place have two floor and a roof top, so in summer they are some roof party, In the second floor also have a indoor area, playing different music that the first floor. The drink are very well made, they have bar in both floors.
We were just in time for drinks post dinner. While we were at our table, the bar was revamped into a club. The music here, once it was a club was mostly house. Drinks were made well. Yay for a bar which can make a nice nutty russian!
First of all, I must state that this place and all of the White Plains nightlife is NOT my scene. But, bias aside, if White Plains IS your scene, I think you would like Elements. I came here with a friend last night around midnight to grab a drink. Bouncer at the back door said there was a $10 cover. We said "oh, then nevermind." Then he said "Fine, $5 each." but we still declined, so he let us in for free. I'm not even sure if there was a cover. I felt like he was judging us by our non-Jersey appearance and tried to scam us out of some cash. Hmmm.... Anyways, that aside, the inside was cool. Right when you walk in, there's a dance floor with a dj and lots of guidos and guid-hos dancing.. . We went upstairs to the rooftop bar and ordered 2 draft beers (one of which was a Guinness) for $10. Not bad. They were served in plastic cups, however, so this obviously isn't the classiest of places. There was a dance floor up there with some wacky lasers and bros watching girls dance. Meh. I loved the openness of the rooftop area and the view of Mamaroneck below. It wasn't too crowded so there was room to walk around. That was nice. I did see signs everywhere saying that happy hour is from 4-7. My friend told me the food's pretty good so I'd like to come back for happy hour/dinner, but not on a Saturday night again. Oh and there is a parking lot in the back, but I'm not sure if you have to pay or what.
Both of our orders came out (new york steak and mahi mahi) and both were waaaaay overdone.  We told the waitress about it and she got them fixed.  Plus she gave us free beers while we were waiting for our food. The Mahi Mahi was awesome.  The New York Steak was pretty good but the peppercorn cream sauce was bland.  Beer selection was kinda weak as well.  Kelsey was our waitress and she made sure we were happy though.  She got a good tip for her troubles.
A nice spot in downtown White Plains, the roof deck is nice if the weather is good.  The food is ok, but not quite as good as some of it's new competition on Mamaroneck Ave. The owner was by far the nicest person I've ever encountered at a bar or restaurant in White Plains.  He came over and introduced himself, made sure we were comfortable and stopped by later to make sure everything was ok.  Needless to say the quality of service is better than most places.
Lots of beautiful women, techno music and cheap drinks. so far good, then u look around and everyone looks the same. Buffed up and wearing the same kind of clothes. I don't have a problem but please be original.  2 floors of music and the roof top is opened during summer and winter. Parking available on the back. have not tried the  food so cant comment. every time i go seems to me that a fight breaks out....Young kids barely 21.
this is where I got super wasted this is where I saw annoyingly flambuoyant underaged gay boys dancing in their underwears this is where I got many a compliments from the gay boys this is also apparently where I got my next set of "I'm apparently gay but deep down inside I'm not really gay and like to eyefuck lesbians"men stalkers Left early..
I agree with other reviewer...the nightlife scene at Elements isn't my thing. It seems to be pretty popular, though. I've been for brunch, lunch and dinner...all very very good. The tempura green beans are probably my favorite app. The five spice short ribs are delicious. The carnival squash is a great veggie option that doesn't seem like a side dish. Just about every salad I've had has been very good. Specialty drinks have always been very good. Management is always onhand checking in to see if we need anything. Roof deck is nice in good weather. Downstais fireplace is nice in bad weather (though it can get a little too warm if you sit right next to it. I'd recommend Elements to anyone looking for a solid restaurant in the area.
OK, so thursdays is the official "latino night" but isn't every night latino night though? anyways, this spot is the karma from jersey shore... but in white plains! a lot of the guys look like ronnie and most of the girls act like snooki, haha.. def a good time!
Great place for happy hour as the half price beers and appetizers were delicious. Wasnt crowded so you can relax. The only negative was that this girl sat down next to me and was wearing way to much perfume and she gave me a bad headache.
Came here after a horrible experience at a neighboring bar/restaurant. Bartender Miles was awesome!! He made us a drink that was worthwhile! All the bartenders working that night (Miles, Matr, and Chris) were great. Definitely a spot to consider.
Awesome Happy Hour. The rooftop terrace is the best- I like to sit outside but my bf hates being out on busy Mamaroneck Ave- a perfect alternative. Our waitress was great and recommended the korean beef lettuce wraps which were off the hook! They also had Honeymoon on draft and it was competitively priced due to Happy Hour. Have to ding them a star for their "homemade" chicken tenders- they were clearly out of a bag.
Love Elements! Happy hour EVERY day of the week??? That is unheard of in White Plains. The staff is great and half price drinks and apps from 4-7...amazing! The roof top is great in the summer too. After being a frequent visitor to all the other bars on Mamaroneck Ave this is the one I always come back to.
Nice modern, minimalist decor. Came here on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. The cocktails and service were excellent, but the food was middling to poor. I had a cobb salad with shallot vinaigrette dressing, and my partner had the steak and eggs. The steak was overcooked, and clearly skillet fried. The eggs were overcooked, and terrible.
Loving the every day happy hour from 3pm-7pm.  Half-priced well drinks and most apps makes this spot very appealing.  Love the food and the staff is super friendly.  They have a brunch also, that I must try out.  All in all, I am definitely a repeat customer of this place.
Well we found this place as an accident driving around looking for someplace with some decent music. It was a Sunday afternoon and we could hear the music blasting from the rooftop when driving by, so we decided to give it a whirl. I am glad we did as it was an awesome afternoon right up until the sun went down. After that is was kind of a disappointment because the police made them shut off the music. However, the owners of this place kept some finger food out for us to eat for free even after the music stopped. Great venue, good food, and it would seem this is a good place to go on a Sunday afternoon for some 90's house music provided you leave when the sun goes down. Thanks for reading and enjoy.
One of the better bar/club places on Mamaroneck. The food is also better. A standout is definitely the tempura green beans - I could eat those all day long. Love the rooftop also - great place to eat, drink, and hangout when the weather is good. Drinks are good also!
Calamari with jalapeños is to die for. Literally have not found a better place and the avocado and shrimp wrap is a perfect pair, throw in a side of sweet potato fries and you'll be in heaven.
Was out at Latin Night last night til the wee hours.  Great music, good scene, plenty of leg showing for January.  The bartender is great, and the DJ was doing his thing.  Would to have liked seeing more people upstairs though.  I love the upstairs bar, so unique.  Fun.  I didn't eat yesterday, just took shots and drank.  Usually my reviews center on the food, but this place was able to show me a good time last night without feeding me, so that says something.  Usually I am her closer to 4pm than 4am but gotta switch it up sometimes.
Elements is great in the summer time because it has a rooftop bar! They always have a great DJ! I have also been to Elements in the winter months for dinner and drinks. I have enjoyed the Layered Cobb Salad! I also recommend the White Cosmo =)
Love the everyday happy hour 4 to 7!! Great prices and great food :)
This place has potential, but they're doing it all wrong. It's a roof top bar, but they have to serve they're drinks in plastic cups? Does that tip you off? Or does that tip you off? Here's a suggestion, class the place up a little bit and you won't have to worry about the riff-raff frequenting your establishment. I have not eaten here, so I can't comment on the food. Bartenders are cool, helpful, and cordial...another plus (other than a rooftop bar).
I love this place for the people that work tere. They always greet us like family and they know our names. It's always nice to be able to go to a place "where everybody knows your name..."
Such a great place to chill and grab a drink!  The happy hour specials are amazing and the rooftop is breathtaking.  Definitely a must when you're in white plains!  This will be a regular hangout for me and my friends!  Definitely go!
Love this place. I come up from the city just to eat their wonderful food, especially their calamaris! Good prices on food and drinks! Highly recommend to everyone.
Went this past Sunday during octoberfest on mamaroneck ave. it was very busy so we went up to the roof top and we're actually able to get a table after a five minute wait. We ordered drinks and tempura battered green beans to start. Drinks came and were fine. Suddenly our waitress comes with a large pretzel and two mustards. We tell her this isn't ours. She takes it away and returns to tell us she ordered the wrong item and will get the other out quickly, we'll five minutes later we are hungry so we tell her to bring the pretzel back. You would think they would have discounted it but they didn't, now the green beans come and no tempura I've ever seen. They are coated with heavy breaking and deeply fried. Very greasy. We'll we ate some of them after stripping them and they just weren't that good. The pretzel and course mustard as well as the honey mustard sauce was good. We decided with how busy they were ordering more food wasn't a good idea. We left at 530p and it was even busier. Maybe when not soooo crowded it might be better,
First of all the place is more modern and elegant than some of the bars around. It also seems t cater to a slightly more sophisticated crowd. The food I have had is quite good. Standouts are the Shrimp sliders, Crispy squid frisee salad, lamb burger and the fried artichokes and tempura green beans. As you can see it isn't all typical bar food. They also havea great rooftop deck and bar with a view of the avenue. Great for warm evenings and private parties I would imagine. Some of the friendliest bartenders around too.
Just went there the other day and can tell you it was GREAT! Bartender was super friendly and introduced us to the owner. What a great place for lunch or happy hour. I have been there many times for the Yankees game and had a blast!
Good food.  We noticed a rooftop area from the street which was why we went in.  Enjoyed the rooftop area - it was early on a Sunday night so it was not busy at all.  It was also happy hour and we got two outrageous martinis!  The bartender took our orders, she was very sweet.   I tried the French Cut Chicken Breast which reminded me of Thanksgiving dinner - it was great!  Instead of the chicken sausage I swapped it for a salad.  The garlic mashed potatoes were also great! Also tried some of the Spinach and Ricotta Ravioli - YUM!  My boyfriend had a buffalo wrap which he liked, and he tried his dad's White Plains Cheesesteak.  Delicious food all around! The only negative is that our waitress/bartender couldn't leave her area for too long and when they gave me the incorrect salad dressing it took about 15 minutes to get the right salad dressing because she had to wait for someone to bring it to her.   But all the food was delicious and I'd go back again.  Really glad we went there!
Lunch Specials are great!  Twice enjoyed a served lunch from their express menu that were each delicious and a great value.  $7 for Sandwich & Salad..  Today - a Turkey w/brie and apple all toasted together on delicious role with a very generous salad of mixed greens, tomato & diced red-peppers.  The waitress was attentive and the atmosphere quiet...I feel like I found a secret lunch spot in down town White Plains.. and  I get real silverware; I like not having to eat with a plastic fork!  Nice!
Sweet nights, bachata heights!!!!!
I been here two times for late night and both of them suck is always over capacity and is just a place you cant do anything.  You cant dance or have fun with you friends without someone stepping in you feet,  the two times I was there, there were fight, is just annoying is just a place not to go, there are better places to go and have better drinks and beer on a actual bottle instead of plastic cup.......  i cant judge the food service at all because i havent been here for dinning at all.
I've never eaten here, only gone on weekend nights to drink and dance. It's almost all Latino people and fun to dance if you like that music. If not, go to any of the other bars next door. They recently added hookahs on the top floor that is outside. I couldn't believe it!! Bad service, one guy running around turning on everyone's hookah and making sure no one came in who wasn't going to smoke. They don't have mouth pieces!!! They really expect you to put your mouth on a hose that everyone including the worker have put their mouth on. EW. The guy gave us straws to put inside the hose and smoke out of when we complained. Hookah mouth pieces are very cheap, they should have them. There were only 3 flavors. $25 (cash only) for 1-4 people to smoke hookah, if more price goes up. Saturday night: $5-10 cover charge more if a special DJ is there. Got a Sex on the Beach last Saturday and it was $12.
