No better wings anywhere. Hot flavorful, juicy eg etc Be ready for the long lines but......worth the wait. Been going for 25 years'!!!!!!!!! ....  Not much else to say about the best wing place in the world.  Don't forget to ask to meet Jack. Funniest character and a guy who loves life more then anyone u will ever meet. Why not, as owner of an iconic restaurant there is no reason to not be happy
"Whether it's a Chernobyl red hot Saturday night or a mild Tuesday afternoon, one thing you can always count on from this cozy comfort food restaurant are out of this world wings" from zagat.com I could go on for days posting quotes and such, this place is in so many different kinds of press you couldnt even begin to find 'em all.  Candlelight Inn is the best known place in New York for wings outside of the Buffalo area. Tonight we picked up Ryan H aka the Ultimate Wing Man, he's eating 2,011 wings this year and we wanted some of those to be Candlelights. This is a place I have eaten at many times and finally I bring an official review. Be warned, this place has its downsides.  Prepare to wait for a table depending on the time of day you go here.  Last night we had one of our longest waits ever clocking in at over 30 minutes.  Then after we got seated there was another 35+ minute wait to get out food.  Finally we got them. IT IS WORTH THE WAIT!!!  I had an order of 20 wings, hot.  This is a place that everyone needs to experience on their own. The sauce is incredible, I can not even put it into words.  You will not find a better buffalo sauce outside of Buffalo New York. There is a great selection of sauce choices, from sweet to spicy. These wings are also cooked perfectly, crispy and juicy.  Candlelight does not separate their wings so they come attached, to me thats just a unique feature of this place. Th nacho's are also GREAT, cheesy and meaty, even the Veg Nacho's are good!  Excellent sweet potatoe fries too! If you love wings you have to come to Candlelight.  Plan to wait for a table however but for me it is worth the wait.  In my opinion these are the best wings in Westchester and the Hudson Valley and NYC!!!!!!!!!!
Believe the hype.  I just had to comment on the two star review by Rebecca R. From Hartsdale, NY. You ate here once, on an EARLY Sunday afternoon and were drinking drinks called Date Rape? Really?? We should listen to you? I don't think so. So people please don't.    Listen to someone who has been to the Candlelight many,many,many times over the years. Best wings by far. Believe me and Westchester magazine; who has given them best wings awards  and listed them in their best of the decade issue. Alot of people enjoy the spicy terriyaki wings but my favorite is the extra hot buffalo. And yes this is a bar so do wash em down with a cold beer. The wait for a table can be long (so kick someone out of your car to sign your name on the wait list while you park). And another tip - Ask your waiter/waitress for the check when they bring your food, cause your not going to see them for a while.  This place is small but very busy. And bring cash - no cards accepted If you like an old school, down to earth,greasy spoon type bar with kick ass wings Candlelights for you. If your more the white collar, matching silverware type, looking for good wings - try the Lazy boy Saloon in White Plains they're pretty damn good too. ie - if you want blue cheese with your wings let them know or they will give you ranch at the Lazy boy.
Just like every one else says, they are THE best wings in Westchester. I've honestly never had wings better than the ones at candlelight. Besides the wings, they have a great menu with a lot of variety -- their nachos, hotdogs, poppers and wraps are great as well! Everything is fresh and made to order and the staff is always friendly. They stay open super late, even on Sundays (until 3AM) so it is always a "go to" no matter the hour. The staff is always friendly and accommodating and I've never had a problem with the service or food in all my years of coming here. The only annoying thing about candlelight is the size and the wait time on busy nights. The dining area is pretty tiny, with about 7 booths and a few tables, it can get pretty crammed in the waiting area and you can expect to wait an hour on some nights, but for me, it just adds to the overall charm of the place. The quality of the food is worth the wait and it seems to be constantly improving. I hear that they're expanding it but that could just be a rumor. Overall I will keep coming back and recommending this place regardless the size.
My favorite wing place. I go back everytime I come home. Try the waffle fries, with melted mozzarella. Don't forget the side of hot sauce for dipping! Of course, that is to accompany the order of delicious hot wings in front of you. The meat nachos are also really good if you have room. This place is always so busy, but worth the wait. If you're in a bind, pickup orders are a good idea. However, you need to survive the delicious smell on the car ride home! And they definitely taste best just out of the fryer in the place.
This place is wildly popular- typically the wait is long any time of day or night.  When you finally sit you are jammed into a overcrowded room.  No worries, the vibe is upbeat but tame enough if you want to bring your kids. If you stick with the wings and the fries with a pitcher of beer, you will be satisfied and leave happy.  Everything else on the menu is inedible dreck.  All of the desserts are frozen and gross, even the ice cream is bad.
Great wings and fries!! Def in my top 5 for hot wings!! For a great price! Very loud by the bar, I prefer outdoor seating. Long wait so make sure your not starving when you get there lol. I just hate they do not accept credit cards & they have no ATM!! They need to step up there game on that!!
Got take out. That's some perfect ass hot wings. So buttery and delicious. Kinda wish I got to dine in... And for more celery heh. Hope to edit this review and give it 5 stars upon a revisit.
Candlelight has been so good to me :) Every time I am craving delicious crispy chicken wings at one in the morning...Candlelight is there for me. When my boyfriend and I just want a cozy place to eat and grab a drink at...Candlelight is there. They also have really good chilli and cheese fries. Thank you for being awesome and simple Candlelight.
As the years progressed, the wings are getting smaller and smaller. Less meaty, but still tasty. The motor cycle gang at the bar is getting older & older and more toothless, maybe the wings? I hate the wait, the looks of this place, But for a quick meal of comfort food, its okay. They only take cash. Mr. Candlelight must be a multi-millionaire by now!
Greatest buffalo wings (and buffalo sandwiches) on the planet. I've been going here for more than 15 years and haven't found its equal yet. Good for super late-night or pick-up (tough to get an order in on game-days or weekends, though) and a great place to hit during the summer.
As long as your willing to wait during their busy hours, it's definitely worth it.   The wings with waffle fries topped with mozzerella cheese and gravy on the side is the perfect meal.   I LOVE CANDLELIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AND THEY DELIVER depending on where you live.
This is one of those places in you simply need to go to at least once so if you've never been here, you know what you need to do. Whether it's 5 minutes or 45 minutes, every time I go I expect to wait for a table and it's always worth it but there has been several times when I seated immediately.
It's a bar that has flashy televisions. It gets very crowded and stays crowded into the nights on the weekends. If you're here for the food then you'll know to get the wings. They're tasty and crunchy. Also these wings are not the traditional style that you will expect them to be. The wings and drums are still connected and that makes them that much more special. They don't take card... I made the mistake of not seeing the sign when I walked in. They were patient enough for me to walk down the street to an ATM. Grab a Yuengling and eat some great wings!
Greatest Dive Bar in Scarsdale, NY. The tradition of this place goes back to the founding in 1955.  The Candlelight Inn is a place for people to hang.  The general demographics is a mix of many folks...preppy kids from the local Edgemont High School, Working Men, Bikers, Hipsters, and others.  It makes for an interesting social gathering watering hole.   The food is tradition American fare and pretty main stream.  Wings, Burgers, Fries, Pizza, Salads, Sandwiches, Heros, Gyros, Wraps, Broccoli Poppers, Jalepeno Poppers.  Salads are not on the up scale side of the likes of Mesclun.  Most sandwiches are served ala carte and toppings are extra unless otherwise noted.  Burgers are served with a pickle and don't come with fries.   They are different than traditional places and cater more for small groups of 2-4 people.  The dining room is tiny and it is cramped but the food most nights is worth the wait and being in a confined space.  If it is a summer night and it is cool enough opt to sit outside.  In the winter time all the warm bodies make it a cozy place.   Beer selection is poor if you are into micros but they recently introduced a few more taps, for some micro brews so that is a plus.  Justin and Dante are there most nights and they are great bar tenders and they have great personalities.     The food is good and consistency is not always there with the wings.  So at this point you may be asking why I gave it 5 stars?  The reason is I have been going to this place for over 15 years and though the service is not perfect, I have found it to be a fun place to hang out, engage with friends, and have a nice time to relax have a nice cold Yeungling.     For all of those, 1-3 star reviews if you want perfect go to White Plains or Manhattan.  You are just asses who expect more out of a dive bar.  You folks are just ignorant.   Here are my faves BBQ wings, 10 ounce Burger Bash with everything in it and cheese, Marinated Chicken Sandwich Cajun with Pepper Jack Cheese, Waffle Fries, Dante Wrap Regular or Cajun.  Most things noted above are spicy.  They also have Gluten free stuff on the menu and the have a minimal vegetarian selections.  Daily specials on the board are usually great and their soups and beanless chili is great too. Hope this helps most people.  Oh and it is CASH ONLY!
Warning!¡!!!!¡!   Cash only place. Had my first Burger here today. Cooked to perfection with my choice of toppings. Unfortunately the shoestring fries were over cooked. The tap selection of beers is small but good. There bottle selection is nicely varied. Every other time I have been here I have had there wings which are always great. Will be going back.
Been here 3 times always on the way back from the beach, lake, river etc. My guy cousin had been raving about this place for like 2 summers so I thought I would give it a try. He had already warned about the cash only requirement but really?? what place doesnt accept cc's now a days?? Any case had wings, burger and tacos all were ok nothing extra ordinary after I would just for wings and beer. Luckily I never experienced over crowding or the teen scene so it was good. You can just sit and relax. good place but def not what I was expecting.
Hands down the best buffalo wings in Westchester, I will go as far as saying they have the best wings in New York! This is my go to spot when I want wings. It is open late night, kitchen is open until 3am. They deliver in the area. Get some hot wings with waffle fries and a beer and you will be set. The place is typically busy so you can expect a waiting time of about 5-10 minutes for a table of 2-6.
Cant get enough of these wings best in westchester for sure Always worth the wait
The wings were much better this time!!!
We usually love this place.  Loaded with character and charm. We went today and early.   The hostess commandeered the wait list which is usually self service and when our place came up (30 minutes later and after seating others out of turn!) she informed us we would be in the "other building".   This was a first.   When I questioned it she assured it was the "same".   Apparently the take out building on other side of the parking lot now has some tables upstairs.   Do not accept seats here.  Its totally different and unacceptible.   I am not sure we will return again.   Bad experience, horrid service.  Food quality still was acceptible(once it was delivered after repeated attempts, errors and mistakes.   This location/building is more like getting "to go" food and being on your own.   Too Bad....
what we ate- the wings of course! and some waffle fries came here based on immaculate infatuation's review on candlelight. happened to be in the area and couldnt resist. tiny spot with very local service and attitude. had to wait a few mins for a table even at 3 pm in the afternoon. was ready to chow down once seated. wings are huge and really delicious. some of the best i've had in a long while. we got the hot which had a perfect amount of kick to be slightly cooled with some blue cheese on the side. i could eat no more than 10, if that. only comment is that the ones on the bottom of the pile were awfully soggy when we got to them so i was missing that crunch on the skin that makes a truly great wing. fries were good but nothing to go crazy about. really just a vehicle to eat more of the wing sauce. i'd go back, but ask for crispy wings. and probably skip the fries which are overpriced at $6 an order (didnt i leave the city, why are fries this much?!). cash only folks.
A friend of mine recommended Candlelight Inn to me a few years ago, and it sort of changed my life. They without a doubt have the best wings in the area, and I might say they have the best wings in the New York City area. There isn't much that I can say that hasn't been said about Candlelight. I love their Extra Hot sauce, and it goes great with the perfectly-fried-everytime onion rings. Unless you cannot handle heat at all, I would skip over their mild and hot sauces. They are too buttery for me and don't have enough heat. Their waffle fries are perfect as well. The only negative thing I have to say is that I dislike waiting so long to be seated. But I like the food so much that I have waited over two hours for a table. This is probably the only restaurant that I'll wait this long to sit for, just because I like it so much. The food is worth the wait. Bring cash because plastic is not accepted! I love bringing new friends here, because everyone has a Candlelight story to tell others. I have great memories here and I'm sure I will make new ones in the future.
I love this place and have been going there for years but recently I have noticed a difference in their wings, they are not cooked as well. Half of the times when I go there I get the amazing wings I come for but half the time I get the unfortunate not well cooked wings. It is defiantly a place worth trying, just hope for the best. My personal favorite items on the menu are: 1.) Broccoli Poppers 2.) Waffle Fries 3.) Wings
Went for the wings but happy to report they also make a great burger.  The six ounce burger was cooked perfectly and for $4.50 served with a pickle spear is a bargain.  I added baccon ($1.50) and cheddar cheese (not sure of cheese price) for a very filling great lunch.   The wings are jointed so you get twice as many.  We had the "mild" but they still had a slight "kick."  Finger licking good.
If you like Wings this place is for you. I've been here several times and I cannot get over how good the BBQ wings are. The prices here are not too expensive. The place is a bit small but it makes the place a lot more livelier. This is a perfect spot to hangout with friends, your pretty much guaranteed a good time.
this place is too fucking small. smells and looks like a trailer home. nonetheless - food is great. don't expect good service from those old ass waitresses though.
Just fantastic!!. Chickens wings are so  good, up to the bones. The best wings of westchester county.
Wings. Hot. Beer. Cold. Fries. Preferably hot. With gravy.
First off, this place is so amazing because of it's wings. Hands down. Forget those bigger chain restaurants that serve wings and just find your way here. It's important to know that this place is cash only. This place isn't the biggest restaurant in town. It's got a medium sized bar and dining room with a takeout building next to it with both places having plenty of parking. You'll find that even going there at 1AM on a Wednesday morning will greet you with an absolutely packed crowd with a good mix of different types of people. The prices aren't terribly expensive and you get more (and better tasting food) than most of those bigger chain establishments have to offer. This place is somewhat of a landmark and has been around for so long I've listened to my dad tell stories about it while he was growing up etc.
Tried this place out because of all the rave reviews about the wings. Food: We ordered 20 wings and a medium basket of fries. We didn't order the fries with gravy but they came out with it so we indulged and it was good! The wings were delicious, crispy and juicy. The sauce on the wings was very good. Service: Went on a sunday evening and the place was pretty packed. At first I wasn't sure what to do when I walked in, nobody greets you or tells you what to do. Eventually the bartender told me to write my name and party size on a list. I feel like this makes the seating at this place extremely slow. Once we were seated the service was a little slow but fine. Atmosphere: You don't come here for the atmosphere. Old outdated bar/diner feel. You can sit outside if there is room but you are directly on central ave. The bill: This place was a little bit more pricey than I expected. I can't remember the exact prices but I know I spent a little more than $30 for the wing, fries and tip.
The WINGS!!  Can't get enough of them. Fantastic!!!
The only complaint I ever have about Candlelight is the wait time. That being said, I've waited 60+ mins on numerous occasions because the wings are that damn good.
Well. What can I say? I LOVE this place. Don't get me wrong the scarsdale kids with daddys beamers are annoying. You WILL wait for a table. but theres a reason its so crowded. The food is great. And not just the wings. Which are by the way the best I've ever had. Theres a secret to them that I am not willing to share though. Sorry. LOL.. The bartenders are cool while you wait for a table and the service is great. Joanne is the best waitress they have. The wings do come extremely hot if you liek them that way. The most spicy being names Chernobyl wings. And they are no joke. i dont eat those. So. Take some time. Go by and enjoy your dinner. Oh yeah. Tuesday night? Wednesday night. you are not trikcing nayone. you will wait on those days too. Go in and put your name in the book immediately. And PAY ATTENTION. They will only call your name once or twice then youre SOL.
The wings are very good, I was able to stand their extra hot level, but took a taste of Chernobyl and I personally was sweating in February, and I have made it my mission to resolve the mystery of how food made me sweat. This is a cozy small place and on weeknights get there with time to spare, it's not empty, sometimes not even the bar has space, but worth the wait.
I remember in the late 90's this place was good but not anymore. The service is pretty bad. I could only get one beer in during my meal and i got that myself from the bar. Dont dare ask them for anything either, you will feel the wrath. I used to get burgers that are really not that good and dont come w fries or lettuce and tomato. The wings are crispy but they kept changing. One time i went and they were large, then the next they were small. The place is tiny. I guess when i was in my early twenties i could tolerate places like this that were loud, cramped and the only good food is fried. These days i like good service, quality food and nice servers
Good food, very good wings. The cookie with vanilla ice cream is the perfect desert too. My two complaints with this place are 1: they don't accept credit card and do not even have an ATM in the restaurant...not a huge deal but can be an inconvenience for a lot of people...and 2: the seating area is just way too small. You're always going to have to wait to be seated and it can be a very long time. I don't understand why they don't use the building next door for more seating instead of takeout. You'll often see people walk in and walk right back out when they see the waiting list. If you want a quick 30-45 minute lunch, you won't get it here. But if you aren't in a rush then you'll probably find that it's worth the wait.
THIS PLACE GIVES CHERNOBYL A GOOD NAME! Chernobyl   /CHrnōbl/ A town near Kiev in Ukraine where an accident at a nuclear power station in April 1986 resulted in serious radioactive contamination in Ukraine, Belarus, and other parts of Europe. True Story: 1999. A female and I were having drinks at the bar and I decide that it would be a good idea to start doing flaming Dr. Pepper shots. Flaming Dr. Pepper recipe 3/4 shot amaretto almond liqueur 1/4 oz 151 proof rum 1/2 glass beer 1. Fill a shot glass about 3/4 full with amaretto and top it off with enough 151 proof rum to be able to burn. 2. Fill a beer glass half way with beer. 3. Ignite the amaretto/151 and let it burn for a while. Drop the flaming shot into the beer and shoot it. Tastes just like Dr. Pepper. This was something which I had done many times at this bar and many others in the area. But this would be the last time that I would do it here. The bartender on duty was drinking a bit himself that night and while topping off my shot with 151, he accidentally overflowed the glass and poured some of the 151 onto my hand which was holding the shot glass. Perhaps I would have been more aware that this had happened if I had not been so engaged in conversation to realize that wet sensation in my hands was not due to sweaty palms due to attraction to my female companionship. We both raised our shot glasses and toasted to a drunken evening of shadowy memories. As she lit her shot, a controlled fire rose from the top of her glass. But upon lighting my shot, the entire glass was engulfed in flames ... including my hand which was holding onto it! Fire was dripping onto the bar and the floor, so I began swatting it out with my other hand and stomping it out with my foot. After satisfied that the bar was no longer on fire, I sank my still burning shot into my frothy beer and drank the whole thing down in two quick gulps. My companion stood there in abject horror after having witnessed this spectacle that I had made of myself. In the last 15 years, I have amassed dozens of stories of nights like this which had either started or ended at "The Light." In the days before cell phones and email it used to be our meeting spot whether we had plans or were just hoping that other friends would stop through and we'd all go out together to see where the night would take us. This was our Cheers. It was where everybody knew your name. How do you become a regular? You can start by showing up 5-6 nights a week, every week, for at least six months. If thought the bar was small now, just imagine when the waitstaff from TGI Friday's shows up after their night shift was over and the place which was already full of cigarette smoke would become thicker than a foggy day. The kitchen stays open until 3:00 AM, but we know that time can fly by when you're having fun, so make sure you get your order in before it shuts down for the night. What's good to order? In case you're one of the few who haven't heard, this place has the BEST WINGS. I'm not just talking about the best in Scarsdale or even in Westchester County. These are the best wings in the Metro New York City area. This is one of those places that I will be make special trips from Fort Lee and drive 30-40 minutes just to grab an order of wings to go and bring them back home to share with my wife. We ALWAYS order our wings EXTRA HOT-TERIYAKI. Let it be known that this was first conceived by MYSELF more than a decade ago after having a special order of Hot Jack Daniels wings from TGI Fridays and wanting to create something even better. I'm sure that many people along the way have rediscovered this delicious blend of sweet and spice, but I remember the days when ordering it from the bar would cause heads to turn in curiosity of why I was violating the wings' basic sauces. Want to order the Chernobyl wings? Go ahead and knock yourself out, but I'll pass. This sauce is purely for sideshow freaks and I have never met someone that said that they actually enjoyed eating the stuff. I've heard that some people keep a bit of the sauce on the side and dab their food into it to kick up some extra heat but eating it straight is just pure madness. I mean to eat an order of wings cooked in the stuff would be nearly as nuts as the time that I drank a whole bottle of Tabasco sauce only because my friend Vinny dared me to do it. Long story, short... I drank that bottle and still survived the night. Alas, that is yet another of the many legendary nights spent at The Light. This shot is to many years of continued success. Let the good times roll!
Great wings and burgers. Menu is too big and the employees are not professional but if you want wings this is the place to go.
Can't beat Candlelight! Their food is the bomb!
I have to say, if it were not for the husband, I would have never stepped foot in this closet- sized dive.  But Candlelight, oh Candlelight, why must your wings be so mothafuckin' good? Yeah, this place is like... A B&amp;B turned old ass bar/resty, I think.  They were, to my surprised highly Zagat rated.  So... You come into the bar/waiting area, where there's a staircase that leads to.... Wing hell? ( the bathroom, I assume ), you scribble your name and party number on a damn hanging clipboard, and proceed to wait up to an hour ( longer, later ) to be seated in a cramped booth or table... I would estimate this place to have only about 12 tables &amp; booths or so...... Yeah.  And the bar seats like 7 or 8 maybe.. I suppose the staff is friendly and try their best to serve you.  To update on the wings ( which are whole and not cut ), the sauces are as follows:  - Mild ( my fave ), - Hot, - Extra Hot, - Chernobyl, - BBQ, and - Teriyaki.  There's an option to get half and half, and the sizes are:  - Small ( 6 ), - Medium ( 20 ), and - Large ( 30 ).  I also like the waffle fries with jalapeño cheese.  Husband also gets the Balboa which is a hot roast beef hero and the jalapeño poppers ( broccoli and cheese ).  They carry a good selection of beer and have a full bar.  The kitchen is open till 3am daily, and they deliver locally.  I just hate the venue itself, but I put up with the Candlelight Inn because of the wings, otherwise, it's just a three. xx * by the way, they have like... Video poker in the bar/waiting area.
The food is decent if you are half in the bag..just your basic fried greasy bar food...nothing wrong with that. I think the wings are overrated and the service blows. Always packed with 13 year olds for some odd reason even though its got a biker bar vibe..do these snot-nosed not have anywhere else to hang out?
The absolute best wings ever !! All the food is great and you can't go wrong !!  They have your typical bar... Only downside is if you come here on a weekend be prepared to wait a looonngggg time esp at night
Not much to do in this area especially after 10p, so it was nice to find this place still open after seeing a late movie...you can find it pretty crowded on a nice night very frat boy-ish..we called in our order, was ready in about 15 min, got some wings and waffle fries...wasnt wow'd by em, i did enjoy the jala n cheese fries...worth checking out if your in the neighborhood.
NOW they are really gross, I've been going for years, it seems like they buy grade f chicken wings, their wings are boney, unfresh meat YUK, the last 2 times I went  I had nausa for days after,,,, HEALTH INSPECTION NOW NEEDED!!!!
I come here mostly for the chicken wings...  they are soooo good! So far, they have the best tasting wings in the area. The ambiance isn't that fantastic, but you don't really come here for that anyway. The place is a bit small, so you might have to wait on a busy night, but the food is definitely worth it!
After a night of drinking, there's nothing better than a bucket of hot wings and an order of cheese fries from Candlelight. It's a guilty pleasure, they are so damn good. Yet, no meal makes me regret eating as much as Candlelight does. The wings deserve 5 stars, but the cash only policy and somewhat steep prices take away from the overall experience. Regardless, go eat the wings.
The wings are amazing!  I came here 4 years ago on a road trip with a friend who grew up in Westchester - it was a great experience.  I went back yesterday and the food was still good.  I had 12 hot wings, waffles fries, and garlic bread with mozzarella and pepperoni.  It was worth the 40 minute drive north from the city.
Take a bite out of their Chernobyl wings and you'll literally be smoking out of every opening on your head. The heat that these little fireballs emanate is out of this world. Make sure you have a milkshake on the side. Or just try the hot wings that are about 7 times less spicier than the Chernobyl wings. Beer is good also, as the place has a bar. The quaint place is a house-turned restaurant/bar. Burgers and onion rings are great also. In the summertime, sit al fresco.
A popular late night (and all day) destination for high school, college and graduates living in and around the Westchester area. The wings, chicken fingers, fries, burgers and sandwiches are a perfect treat to start a night out or end it. Cash only, but don't worry - it's not very pricey. Go for the buffalo wings or teriyaki wings, or if try the waffle fries with jalapeo cheese...just be prepared for a wait. No reservation policy leaves it as a first come first seated basis.
The Candlelight is here to stay The Candlelight is an Edgemont institution. It's bigger than all of us, Coach Connelly included.  Its  marquee attraction has always been the steaming, chunky yet crispy pile of Buffalo wings that score with resounding success like Jim Kelly in his prime during the regular season.   Similiar to the Simpsons, everyone noticed a significant dip in quality throughout the early two thousands and loss of its reverential status. I'm glad to report that  high times are back again and that the wings are flying off the plate at full speed like a Ziad fastball of old. For a time the wings were dried out and not as meaty or juicy as they were in their prime. It's as if the entire wing operation spent an overextended amount of time in the swimming pool at the GreenburghTown Park. Now, you take one fleshy bite, of a hot drumstick and remember how succulent, mouthwatering and soul soothing they can be. Now, the wings are so good, the idea of holding back and not coming across as excessively piggish by ignoring your allotted wing count, never occurs to you. You just gnaw away on that drumstick like an attack dog that won't be satisfied until you tear apart of every last bit of it's heart-warming, trimmings.  These wings are lost treasure that you dig into with over the top exuberance the way Chunk would from Goonies while chanting hey you guys, are you going to finish that discarded wing with two solid bites left on it.  You devour these wings with conviction and real purpose unlike any assigned summer reading from Edgemont High. Outside of the wings, the other main attraction for me has always been the lamb gyro that's still in top form. The pita couldn't be any fluffier yet  is sturdy enough to hold the lamb together without the onions and tomatoes spilling out the side of it like it was a self rolled burrito or an overstuffed gyro in general.  Always, the lamb is a grade better than Greek Diner lamb and the yogurt sauce increases it's ranking by giving it that zesty, refreshing zing that's sends your happiness quotient through the heavens on earth, beat that Belinda Carlyle.   I love the indented fries that provide a more meaningful, varied, dig worthy bite that also adds welcome heft to withstand the dunking of it in gravy that doesn't turn the fry into a soggy misfortune either.  Also, the breading on the chicken tenders is suburb yet isn't overpowered by the spice mix while still offering a peppery enough pop.  On top of that, the chicken tastes fresh, not frozen and the honey mustard sauce doesn't taste like generic, ultra lingering sweetness, which only sweetens the deal for me. Now, if you don't want to wait forever at the bar waiting to be seated while bumping into old coaches you have zero legacy for or run into old teachers that used to flirt with your sixth grade teacher at Seely which explains why her bra strap was always exposed, you can now make a to go order and pick it up right next door. This new barn like extension to the house that Tracy's built exists to pump out greatness at a more efficient pace while also offering a refuge from the bar when you're not in the mood to run into old classmates and confront your past and future head on which could be a buzz kill of biblical proportion waiting to happen.   Plenty has changed in the world since my crew graduated high school in 94.   The death of hair metal, birth of Grunge, mainstream acceptance of Hip Hop, proliferation of AOL chat rooms, Magic getting HIV and that was just in college.  Now, everything is different, we all text, we don't think movies are funny anymore and we pine for the days when everything in our lives was more undefined and wide open to explore. Still, it's beyond comforting to gather with old friends from the neighborhood, play a game of Stick-Ball and then congregate around the table within the comfort of your own home while wolfing down Candlelight without feeling the need to even bust balls, just exist and grunt with unbridled glee and overdue relief in knowing that the Light can still floor us with unrivaled excellence like Jeter or Dice. I speak for all my friends that grew up within these hallowed walls in saying that we love the "Light" and call it that with the same reverence we show Manhattan whenever we call it the "City.  It's impossible to replicate this type of native pride especially knowing that within these hallowed walls, we've ended so many legendary nights together to extend them just a bit longer, the way New Yorkers pursue non-stop pleasure until last call is the birds chirping outside.   Let's grab some light is still sweet music as long they keep pumping out the hits of yesteryear. The Candlelight is our Diner of choice; it's by far the coolest thing Edgemont has to offer besides old friends that you can grow old with inside and out.
I have been going to the Candlelight for years. Alot of late night munchies have been eaten here. This place is a landmark and a must go for eveyone. Its a dive plain and simple. But thats what makes it so great. I really dont care when the food is this good. Just make sure you have CASH. They do not take credit cards.
I've been coming here since highschool and  they just keep getting better.
Ok ok ok ok.  Yelp has been asking me to review this place since forever.   I don't know if I can give a review for Candlelight.  I am so biased that I feel others who read my review will be tainted by the amount of love I have for this place.  I've been going since I was a kid.  Middle school to be exact.  At some point, as a high schooler, I came here so much it was my breakfast, lunch, and (of course) dinner.  To say it is good would offend the very meaning it has to my life.  I've come here with my closest friends, family, and memorable acquaintances and have shared great experiences with every one of them.  There is a reason for that.  And it is because of the community and food...food(This is a food review after all).  It is Westchester's version of Cheers.  It has a hidden meaning to Westchester-nites alike.  If you've gone to 'C-light' as much as I have, you are sure going to see the same people.  Everytime I go, same bartenders, same waiters, cooks, patrons, and owners.  All of them know the deal: we all know each other, we enjoy great food, we enjoy cold beer, and we have a great fucking time.  Ok, enough nostalgia.  Let's talk food. So, for those who don't know, this place is KNOWN for their wings.  I may be biased, but easily the best wings I have ever had.  Perfectly fried, then tossed in their secret sauce, (well...not so secret, but it tastes of vinegar, butter, hot sauce, and crack) served with the freshest celery, and possibly homemade chunky bleu cheese.  The size of the wings is important as well.  The portion of each wing is perfect.  Not too big, not too small.  This is all I can say for you.  You have to try for yourself.  However, if you just as mention C-light, I will take you.  Because I like crack.   IF, and ONLY IF, you are not a wing person (because after this place you will be converted), the rest of their menu is f a n t a s t i c.  Burgers so juicy, you'll have trouble keeping your hands clean from its grease.  Broccoli and Jalapeno poppers, Ribs, Roast Beef Au Jus, Balboa, Gyro (Gyro???).  All exceptional within its cuisine type. I'm starting a new paragraph for their Disco Fries (or Freedom Fries as C-Light calls it).  Whenever I go with friends, I always order: Medium or Large fries with Mozzarella on top and gravy on the side.  It is amazing.  It comes out on a hot plate; the fries are perfectly fried, topped with mozzarella, then thrown under the broiler to crisp the fries and melt the cheese.  The gravy is a perfect compliment to the pair.  It is simply awesome.   I love this place.  Every town has their go to place.  This is mine.  It has been a big part of my food life.
Reading through past reviews i realized that bad reviews were given by people who did not have wings, or where just dragged by a friend who loves wings. This place is plainly put a WING HAVEN for those that love and have tried wings all over the country. I personally have tried wings before and i am not a big fan generally. But, this place is the only place i go to have wings. Dont go for burger, or anything else. JUST WINGS and if you order something else not only you will annoy the personnel but you will also get weird looks from the onlookers. Besides the wings this place has a cool feel to it. When you enter you feel like you are somewhere in mid west or something. Its very relaxing and a great place. Enjoy it!
Not sure what you people are talking about. Maybe eat in is different but I had take out & the wings were good but definitely not great. I love fries w/ mozzarella, so I tried this w/ chili also & was VERY disappointed. The fries weren't even cooked all the way & were way over priced! Over $10 for med fries w/ cheese & chili? Next time I want Real Disco Fries I'll go to the Diner.  1 last thing, you have a building just for takeout but yet you charge a take out fee on each item I ordered instead of just 1 fee????
I came here after visiting some people and was recommended to come here.  Get the cheese fries with brown gravy and especially the wings with extra hot buffalo sauce!!  I think the buffalo wings are the best that I've ever had.
welcome to westchester, where we are loyal to our local favorites! if you're from around here you know that when you go to candlelight you should 1) have a snack before going, 2) set aside ample amount of time since the wait can be agonizing,   3) be okay with hanging out with the locals (we're not that bad). candlelight=wings, not veggie burgers (they do have them though) yes. the wings are good...try the hot/teriyaki combo. good blend of flavor, not too spicy either. are they THE best? debatable. its a big world out there...and there are a lot of wings to try... dont forget the waffle fries with jalapeno cheese sauce and the beer. downside: the wait - candlelight is TINY. 10-15 tables at most...i have waited an hour + to be seated... wing cravings can make you do silly things, and waiting for more than an hour is one of them. if you can, sit outside...its not as cramped so you can stretch and hang out while digesting. p.s. cash only!
Candlelight Inn is AMAZING.  Don't go dressed up, this is a DRESS DOWN PLACE.  My boyfriend and I love going there after a long day of work, and we travel from Tarrytown.  They have amazing wings, for those of you know like wings (i perticularly don't) and most of there food is, greasy-greasy bad for you kinda comfort foods, but if you are watching what you eat, they have a killer veggie wrap that's delish, just ask for it w/o the cheese and you are set!  There is often a long wait, so be prepared to put your name down.  Many times when we don't feel like waiting, I'll call ahead and by the time we reach the inn, our food is ready to be taken home.  Love it.  =)
The Candlelight Inn has been around for a long time - so long, in fact, that my parents used to frequent it when they were younger and lived in the area. I've been here only a few times - and only for drinks - so I'm not sure how the food is ... but if the majority of the previous reviewers are correct, then it's great. I'm looking forward to stopping by here the next time I'm visiting, which is hopefully sooner rather than later. I remember the staff being very friendly and the atmosphere very cozy. Looking forward to stopping by again!
Best wings in Westchester! Though Candlelight is often packed and there is a wait for a table, it's totally worth it! I get my wings mild which is plenty for me. Friends have gone the extra mile and ordered spicier/hotter and have confirmed that they're a tad hard to handle lol. I've been quite content with my mild wings (and key lime pie in the summer) since 1997 :) I am a frequent visitor to Candlelight and when I hear people boast about other wing establishments, I quickly introduce them to Candlelight and they become instant fans too :)
Great WINGS,.. But on weekends be prepared to wait .... a while.
Best wings south of buffalo!  SERIOUSLY!
Best wings I've ever had, and I've had wings everywhere. The wait on Fridays and Saturdays make the food even better, if that makes sense.
Best wings and wing experience I have ever had hands down. Consistently good wings and with a side of meat nacho you will leave happy. Open late friendly service and the best wings around.
Uhh the place was cute but the food was not that great. I did try the sweet potato fries and it was really good (only a few places can pull that off). However, after that everything went downhill. I'm 50-50 about going back again.
A dive with fingerlickin good wings. To tell you the truth in all my years of going to Candlelight I've never had anything but the wings. My friends tell me the burgers are good as well.  The wait service has always been polite and efficient. New take out service "wing" opening this May.
I've been to Candlelight a few times.  Its definitely worth checking out - I wasn't too impressed with the wings though, I wouldn't say that they are worth the wait.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.
From what I remember on my last visit a few years ago at 2am after a night in the city, the beer selection was fabulous and the wings were AMAZING. Literally we did eat them in almost darkness and candlelight in a packed bar full of people devouring wings. Good times and a good crowd.
Listen up folks, because my name is The Dean and I'm here to say...I like these wings in a major way.    The best hands down.   Also i recommend ordering a batch of Chernobyl wings for someone you don't like and peer pressuring them to eat them....hilarity will ensue.  But don't order for a Russian friend because it may be too soon.   Best thing to wash down wings is a Yeungling Lager, Jameson shots, and $2 Peppermint schnapps shots.
I'm not sure what people are expecting. Yes, it's small. Yes, there is almost usually a wait. It's claim to fame are the wings - not vegetarian/vegan dishes. So if that's what you're looking for, you're going to find only a few things - if that - that will make you happy. No, it's not fancy. It's a bar and a very small eating area. But you're eating WINGS so what do you want or expect? Get the fact that it's in Scarsdale out of your mind for a moment. The wings are AWESOME! I'm not into spicy so I just regular wings and love them. Waffle fries and onion rings complete the order. They also have a take out area in the "house" on the other side of the parking lot. Order out and eat at one of the picnic tables if the wait is too long.
Great service, great wings. If you're looking for something relatively healthy the grilled chicken gyro is delicious.
Excellent wings. The other food is good too. The Chernobyl wings are HOT, but good. There are other options such as the hot wings which are much less spicy. The biggest knock is this place is small! Its hard to wait in the lobby because there is only so much space. Go early or on non-weekend/sporting events days and you'll enjoy yourself more. Its small so you can easily drive by it. The lot is kinda small as well.
every time, and I mean every time I tell people where I grew up, the immediately ask me if I've ever been to Candlelight. and im like "yeahuh, ive going there FOREVER. you dont even know" I judge (and now you will too) wings on a 3 point basis: a) Size b) Crunchiness (also how crunchy it remains in the sauce) c) Sauce (taste and sauce to wing ratio) too small? ya outta here. too big? im nauseated by your freak, chemically- engineered chicken. Wings need to be crunchy, yet still juicy and I like a little tang and burn to the sauce. Candlelight you devil. The very hot is the way to go, because I like em spicy. Also, do not pass on the waffle fries. Its the perfect accompaniment. Drink Beer, Eat Wings.
I'm not a fan of the line, but that shows that people are really into the place. The wings are awesome, and honestly, I can respect a joint that sticks to its guns and still calls fries "freedom fries."
Best wings ever! The ribs are not bad I give them a 8 out of 10. The only downside to this place is it a serious wait to be seated and it's almost always jam packed with people
If personal space is an issue for you don't bother. This is a tiny little joint with a cabin feel to it. The dining area is about the size of a family room with roughly 10 tables stuffed in it. I took my 3 yr. old and we were sat at a two top literally less than an inch away from another two top. This might have been a deterrent, but this place has been highly recommended to me for over a decade. $7.25 for 4 scrawny chx strips? Boo. Garlic cheese bread. Eh. Waffle fries. Ok. The highlight of our dining experience was meeting Bob & Mary who landed at the table less than an inch away from us. So sweet and made the tight quarters bearable! The service was good too, although a refill would have been great.
5 star buffalo wing place. But 3 star everything else. Not a great set up as its too small and not much of an arrangement for watching a sports game. But get the wings to go and watch at home. I got the hot wings. Sweet potato fries are the same as everywhere else, so good but nothing special. Also they dont accept credit cards.
I waited a long time for this review but let me get to it. Candlelight def has the best wings in Westchester, you would be hard pressed to find somewhere better in the county. The wait was the only turn off but I suppose coming here on a busy Saturday with my friends wasn't the best idea. The wings and fries were amazing, I think I got a combo btwn hot and mild and I ate like a savage, they were that good!! Also quite a few hott ladies do venture here as well, so while you eat you have eye candy to look at. Not sure they will acknowledge you when you have chicken and hot sauce stuck btwn your teeth and all around your mouth, but its worth a shot, lol.
This is the ultimate neighborhood wing spot.  The burgers are just as good and the food is worth the wait.  I say this because you will most likely have to wait at least 30 minutes for a table after 7pm, ANY day of the week.  That is how popular the place is but if you're OK with take-out, they have a new take-out spot adjacent to the restaurant that allows you to call in your order in advance and pick-up to go; very accommodating.  It's almost always crowded but like I said, definitely a testament to their grub...wish I still ate meat  :oD
Well now...my friend swore by these wings as being the best and the hottest. I'll agree, they are very tasty, and possibly the hottest I have EVER had. The Chernobyl will tear ya up, no joke!!! I also tried the hot and very hot. A big difference from the Chernobyl, but not much difference between the hot and very hot IMHO. We asked for them to make the wings well done, and they did. But on the second round of wings, some of them weren't well done. Seems like when they get really busy, they start making mistakes, I dunno. The blue cheese was a disappointment too. It tasted like it was sour. Service was rough at the start, but once our initial waitress left, it was all good. Place gets crowded real quick because it's such a tiny spot. Overall the wings were excellent. I just wish the blue cheese was better.
I ordered naked chicken wings with hot sauce on the side, and what I got was perfectly fried naked chicken wings with hot sauce on the side. I love it when servers give zero attitude for ordering what I want how I want it! The waitresses are all veterans and service was no hassle and speedy. I will most definitely come back, and so should you.
Best wings? I think not. Place is hard to get into but when you do get in it offers super friendly staff and uncomplicated menu of classic bar type fare. Can't complain, but the wings are typical wings and place should be able to make and most places do. The size and qty for the money is good. Good wings are so hard to find.....
Overrated.  I can get good wings anywhere without waiting.  Maybe when this place opened they were the only game in town, but times are changed.  Cant watch a game there or anything, its a biker bar.  With waitresses who take their time bringing you water even as you are stuck in a coughing fit.  And the tables were so tight i could not get my own water because i would have coughed on everyone trying to eat.  Paul Z doesn't do that.
i remember going to Candelight once a month with some friends and we NEVER were able to get seating. No where to sit on a busy night, and good luck with the service if you do manage to get seating. We would sit in the parking lot with our delicious wings and waffle fries and eat there. A must eat whether you want to give your taste buds a kick/driving through town and stop by for a pitstop
If you're looking for a place to get traditional wings, look no further! This place is absolutely delicious! The way they prepare it is just perfect with the right amount of sauce, heat, and crispiness. The waffle fries were great as well. I also thoroughly enjoyed the jalapeno poppers. We were lucky to get a seat at this tiny spot. Prepare to wait if you plan on going earlier in the day with many people!
I come to this local spot to satisfy my buffalo wing and fries craving! This place is small and usually VERY busy! Thus the four star rating, because the wait for a table can be long and the service can be either be great or fair depending on the person serving you. Overall a good spot to get finger foods, burger and a good brew. If you are looking for a perfectly grilled steak, tuna tartare, and a great bottle of merlot.... go else where.
This is one of those places I keep coming back to whenever I am in town. The perfect wing joint to met up at with friends I haven't seen in a while. Have a beer and split a basket of wings. That's what this place is known for. And if you like your wings super hot - then go for their famous chernobyl sauce. I don't take it quite that far. The chernobyl sauce is more like the kind of thing I would dare someone to try then something i would actually consume as part of a regular meal. Hot or Extra Hot are more my speed. If you aren't into wings there are other options. Their burgers are actually pretty good - quite flavorful. The joint is small and popular but they have a decent sized parking lot and enough space that you can cram into the bar area and wait on a cold day. Remember to bring cash - they don't take credit cards.
Best buffalo wings in tri state area hands down.
Best and biggest wings I ever had in my life. This place gets packed but the wait is worth it. Prices are okay. I only go there for the wings.
I'm not a buffalo sauce person but the Hot/Teriyaki mix sauce was sooo good! Drinks are also good and cheap (full bar). Easy to eat at the bar if you dont feel like waiting up to an hour for table.
I've been going here forever.  A very popular low key restaurant/bar.  The decor is time warp dive bar, in a good way.  The place is always crowded.  The clientele is a cross section of Westchester.  If you don't like waiting, go there for lunch on a weekend at noon.  Otherwise, put your name on the list and resign yourself for a long wait with a drink at the bar. They have the best chicken wings outside of Buffalo.  Ask for them well done, for some extra crunch.  The Chernobyl sauce should be outlawed- it's insanely spicy.  The burgers are very good.  The waffle fries are excellent.  The Caesar salad is surprisingly good, as is the Buffalo chicken salad.  My wife had some excellent soup there once.  Everything on the menu seems to be good, but for me, it's all about the wings.  A go to restaurant for good food and a down to earth atmosphere.
I've been coming to this place for years now and it's still the place to come for wings!! REMEMBER CASH ONLY! It's really tiny has about 12 tables and a bar area. If you go when it's busy you can wait from 20 min to a hour. Luckily the kitchen closes at 3am. I recommend the wings and waffle fries with mozzarella cheese.
Good wings, tacos, fast service even when busy. Tasty fries. Nice place to come late at night as I believe they are open until 3 am.
I am from Buffalo, NY and moved here two years ago.  I must say that behind "Duffs" in Buffalo, the Candlelight has the 2nd best wings in New York State.  Order at least hot since you will get more sauce and the sauce isn't particularly hot.  The waffle fries are unreal too.  Remember that one "piece" is actually the equivalent of two wings.
The wings here are good-they're not the best, but they are tasty. Other food is also done well, but the star is certainly the wings. Beer is always served in an icy glass...BONUS! That was certainly appreciated and a nice touch. Place is very small and wait times are ridiculous at times. Go during off hours. Table layout is odd-placed myself and partner in middle of cramped dining floor-people were literally bumping into us just walking normally. They should eliminate that table there. Children or boys ages 10-14 are often dropped off here unattended to enjoy wings...now far be it from me to toot the morality horn but this seems a bit young to introduce children to bar culture or to have them around a place that is mainly just that-a bar. Inappropriate people. It's also a bit hard to enjoy yourself when right next to you is a table of junior high school boys screaming and slamming sodas like shots. I think it's an inappropriate environment for them personally. Waitresses here were nice and tried to be helpful and attentive-tho I felt things were slightly disorganized. I would have given a higher rating if not for the cramped dining quarters and children that are here nearly every time I am here. Perhaps I will update my review when I go back for a late night snack.
Awesome burgers. Not too expensive
Best wings around. Hands down. It is impossible to argue this. The beer is good too!
I don't know what all the hype is. The chicken wings need to be more crisp and juicy on the inside. The waffle fries with cheese are killer. My biggest complaint is once you open the door you smell stale grease.
Pros: Great food. Wings are tied for best with Lazy Boy.  Their hot sauce cant be touched, but sometimes they come with almost no sauce.  Waffle fries and other appetizers are really good. Cons: Very poor service, long wait times I have lately decided that it's easier for me to go to Lazy Boy as they have better service and rarely cant find a table.  The hot sauce at Candlelight is by far the best.  Wings are good when you ask for them with extra sauce.
Great Place. I had lunch here today at 12:00 pm and beat the rush. The place has a nice set up, it is small but it is very old!! Wood panel walls and a small bar area. Looked a lot like my grandfathers basement. We were seated right away by a very nice older women. Got our drinks right away and order. I ordered mild wings and my boss got hot side a side of fries and waffle fries. The food was ready in like ten minutes!! The wings were great and very juicy and the waffle fries wow perfectly seasoned. I would recommend this place to anyone.. Parking was no issue there is a huge parking lot, and who cares if it's cash only..... Lots of banks in the area so all the people below stop complaining... I will definitely go back!!! btw.  These wings are not for those with a light stomach they are very good but also will give you a kick in the stomach!! And I'm not talking about spice
Delicious wings! Awesome waffle fries, so crispy.... mmmm. Very small and cramped though. Don't forget to sign your name as soon as you enter or else you'll be waiting forever! Picnic tables outside, probably a good place to eat during the summertime.
Delivery is now a $15 minimum.
Simply great wings.  Tangy.  Spicy.  Crunchy.  Perfect and worth the trip.  Ambiance is no nonsense.
Perfect crisp and crunch just enough to really hold the sauce. Multiple choices teriyaki hot and hot were excellent. Not so on the bbq sauce. But the best wings in town and the best I've had. Been 3 times already. Local spot, to-go ordering right next door. Local dive bar esque feel, generally small with a bar and tvs. Great quaint patio for the best days to come!
Best place to get wings in white plains! Teriyaki are the way to go. My only issue with this place is the ridiculously small dining room.
Fantastic wings.  Been going for 15 years, they've never let me down.  It's a tiny place though, so be prepared to wait by the bar.
The best wings anywhere in westchester.  I have spent many a night drunk with wing sauce all over my face and dropping wings in my lap.  Their open late, but there is almost always a line.
OBVI best place ever best wings, fries, gravy, tacos, and just about anything! they expanded for pickup but be prepared to wait best staff great local spot full bar
Yeah. it's good, but the wait (usually 30 min to 2 hours) is way too long. Get take out.
If you live in Westchester, you HAVE heard of Candlelight Inn! Every time I have mentioned to anyone from the area that I am going there or have been there, they know it. It is family owned since 1955. I originally had thought that it would be a fancy place based on the name, but boy was I surprised! This place isn't fancy, but its really freakin' good! It is your typical hole in the wall bar that serves amazing bar food with the most amazing wings I have ever tasted! They don't take reservations, and the wait is well worth it. Also, for the Superbowl, the place is beyond crowded with people waiting for pick up wing orders, which you have to call 2 weeks in advance for. After having these wings this year for Superbowl, I am not sure I could ever go without again! Last time we went, we ordered nachos which we have never ordered before, and they were delicious! They were coated in cheese and covered in meat and beans with jalapenos. These were not fancy nachos with a million different topping choices, but they were definitely your typical gluttonous bar nachos. MMM...Also, no worries, we did not run out of cheese when eating the chips, there was more than enough cheese to go around :) The onion rings at this place are to die for. They are extra crispy and fried to perfection. Also, these are the good kind of onion rings, the ones where the onions stay inside when you bite into them. Each and every bite has onion inside of them :) Definitely don't start your diet the day you go here, because you may not be able to order anything off the menu! The waffle fries are also amazing! Crispy just the way we like them! And now onto the show stopper! The Hot Teriyaki wings! I had never had teriyaki wings before until trying them from this place, and I must say, what an amazing concept! I love that you can have the sweetness of the teriyaki, with the hot sauce mixed in for that added hotness. I also noticed that every wing is attached to a drumstick, which I have never seen anywhere else. You always get half and half in every order. It's perfect, because I tend to prefer the wings, and my boyfriend tend's to prefer the drumsticks :) Although, after eating the drumsticks from here, I may be converting... There are other flavors of wings to choose from here, but I tend to stick to my favorite, Hot Teriyaki :) I highly suggest checking Candlelight Inn out. I do not recommend going here with a large group because the seating is limited and there is always a wait. There is also the option to order to go from the separate takeout building, or order in the main building for takeout while having a drink at the bar. I could seriously eat everything on this menu, its so good! Also, its cash only, so make sure to hit up the ATM ahead of time!
Best Wings- hands down. Buffalo sandwich is my favorite. Waffle fries are a must! Get the cookie sundae for dessert, if there is room. Always a wait, even at 2AM. The place is tiny! Pretty sure they are expanding though. PERFECT late night place. I come here a lot! Not sure if I know someone who doesn't like the food. Be aware- CASH ONLY! And no ATM
One word: wings. That's pretty much all you need to know about this restaurant. They simply have the best buffalo wings in the NYC metropolitan area. I'm normally not a huge fan of hot wings, but my first time at this restaurant two years ago, I devoured an entire order all by myself. Now anytime I'm in Westchester, I feel the urge to go. The wings are both crispy and incredibly juicy, which is a combination that's hard to find with ordinary hot wings. The sauce is also delicious, perfectly spicy and very well-flavored. Another plus is that the tap list is fairly decent, with lots of local craft beer choices. If you're in a hurry, they also have a separate building that handles all their take-out orders (I've also done that, and it's amazing). The only drawbacks are that there's usually a wait (especially on the weekend) and it's cash only.
This is My favorite spot for a quick bite to eat. I was introduced to this place by my wife. She raved about how she was going to put me on to  the best wings. And all i can say, is she was right on the money,This place rocks. My handsdown must gets, are the wings and the roast beef sandwich. I have to warn you, this place is always packed and to make matters worse the place is tiny. But if you are up for the wait, you wont be dissapointed.
Incredible wings! My favorite are the hot teriyaki. Burgers are also very good. Dining area is small and it can be a long wait especially on the weekend but it is definitely worth it. The best wings in Westchester just have your wallet, cash only!
I kept hearing about the wings at this place so I finally decided to give it a try.  We arrived about 8:30pm and had to place our name on the sign in board and wait for our name to be called.  The place is very small but everyone is there for fun so ya just squeeze on in.  The drinks are really cheap which is always a good thing.  Unfortunately I was looking for some plain old fried wings and that's not the reason to come to the Candlelight Inn.  My friend ordered hot wings and went on and on about how hot and delicious they were.  I did enjoy the regular cut fries and sweet potato fries.  FYI - they do NOT accept credit cards so be sure to bring your cash.
Small overpriced salad drenched in oil with an overload of cheese, it wasn't even real caesar dressing.. I had to take the chicken out because the oil made the salad so soggy no utensils or napkins either provided Friendly staff at least.. Two stars because I like their broccoli poppers
Nice casual spot and the wings speak for themselves!
This is a landmark place so part of the thrill is just being there. Over the many many many years I have gone here, the food is always really good/ great. Yes, there is usually a wait and the tables are very close to eachother, but we are talking about a bar/ restaurant that you go to for beers &  wings.... I love it and I'm always happy. I must give a shout out to a super server that has been there for many years thru high school and also works over the summer  when she is  home from college. Her name is Alexia and she is always friendly and works her booty off!
Best wings in NY.  I would give it 5 stars but, I just don't think that is realistic. There is always possibly something or someone better out there.  I do not live in the NY area but, every time I am there I try to make sure I head to Candlelight for the WINGS.  Really, thats all I ever get.  I like them hot.  The hot sauce has good heat but yet still flavorful.  Your mouth and lips do not end up getting all swollen and your taste buds going numb because they are a silly heat, no just right.  The sauce is not overly vinegary and compliments the well cooked wings perfect.  Really that's all I have to say.  The place is small and seating can be challenging but, I have never had to wait to long so it is worth it.  I wish it was bigger so that i can cozy up to the bar but, I will just leave those spots for the regulars and dine at table.
Amazing. Hands down. There's often a wait especially on the weekends or after work but it's definitely worth it
I had heard about this time for a while. I finally decided to try it last month with a group of friends. The place is small and gets packed so there is a wait. Your're going to have to squeeze your way through in order to talk to the hostess. I personally don't mind, especially for a place with such a reputation. My problems with the place finally set in when we sat down. The service was atrocious. For such a small place you would think that the waitresses are very attentive, but they aren't. I had to keep reminding them to bring me my beverage. You can forget about them asking you for another drink once you finish your first. This place is known for its buffalo wings, but offers quite a large menu. It is actually a little overwhelming. Admittedly I did not order the wings. I just wasn't in the mood. I shared an order of mozzarella sticks with my table. They were perfect. However the hot dog I ordered was abysmal. It was so bad, that I wished I took a picture of it so I could post it online. Thinking back, I should've complained about it and just had it returned back the kitchen. The bread was toasted, but tasted stale. The frank itself was overcooked. It was burnt and wrinkled like a raisin. I also ordered a pita salad pizza. It was ok. Some of the people in my table ordered burgers. They looked all right; meat appeared to be a little overcooked. I was already so disappointed with the whole experience by this point. Overall this place just does not seem to be worth the wait and hassle. Bad service. Overpriced. Long wait. Congested dining room. TV's were off. Avoid. It's over-hyped beyond belief. Maybe order the wings and do take out if the option is available.
Not best wings in NY like a lot of people say, but they are the best wings in all Westchester, I went here with a couple of friends on a Wednesday night because one of my friends really had a craving for wings and she claimed these were the best wings in all NY. The wait was so long because we were 5 people and the place is very tiny. The server was very good, and fast. I had the teriyaki/hot wings,a great mix of sweet, ginger and spicy making this the perfect wings. I also had some cheddar cheese fries which were pretty good. I will come again to taste the burger that it seen very juicy.
definitely all about the wings.  that bbq sauce n blue cheese...oh man.  i've also had their philly cheesesteak = so good.  but, the burger, totally disappoints - odd.  nonetheless this is westchester keepin it real.  mmm.
Not from the area, I didn't know about this place, other than hearing my coworkers rave about the wings. I will admit to the wings being worth the visit. If you wanna burn your mouth off, go ahead and try their spiciest ones, I learned my lesson on that. The food was good, not really memorable, but I suppose most people come for the wings/drinks anyway. They were apparently in the process of renovating/upgrading the buildings since they cook in a different building, but the place was packed, hard to sit down, luckily we got a big table. Hopefully they can work out the space issues, I would like to come back at some point. Mmm, wings.
If you asked me a year ago to write a review for Candlelight Inn I would have given it 4 or 5 stars, but over the past year I can only give it 3 stars at best. We have been getting wings from Candlelight Inn for over 10 years and since they opened their takeout building the quality has gone down.  Besides the fact they raised prices and reduced the serving sizes about a year ago, the quality of the wings themselves has gone down.  Some of the wings are scrawny, the sauce has been inconsistent or the wings have been overcooked and are tough. I have to admit that I find Hurricane Wings down the road better and more consistent at this point.
Had a bowl of chili, wings and waffle fries. Everything was delicious! This place only takes cash though so come prepared..
hey what can i say, the best wings around with an iced cold beer along the side. if you have not been to the candle light then ur not living life
Once upon a time the candlelight Inn had the best WI go and burgers in Westchester... Hands down.  But it is sad to say that they have fallen off there game  I've noticed this when they opened there takeout  restaurant  next door,  since it opened the food sucked.  But there was hope  because if you ate inside you could still get the sane great food just as good as they have been serving for the past 40 years the lined were worth the wait.... But now since they have closed there original kitchen  all the food comes from next door... :(  today us a sad day.  The candlelight is dead...
The best buffalo wings I have had by far but do not get them to go, they are not the same as when you have them dinning in.
Tonight was a laid back night. ..food was good. .and the vibes was good...had seated outside so you know the Henny was flowing. .to keep us warm.... But if want some good wings and a nice well done or medium rare burger come here and let your pallet do the talk
The wings, the wings, the wings.  As a student at WCC, we would hit this place up nearly every week.  Best place to get your fill of American Comfort food.  Get your wings sloppy oh the extra sauce.
Only complaint about this spot is of course the usually long wait and the tightness of the dinning area! But the chefs are always on point.
Best wings in Westchester.
The wings are really good, nice and crisp the sauce is great.  Ribs are also delicious.  Great food and great service.  I will definitely be back.
Candlelight Inn for the late night savvy and wing connoisseur is a local institution.  You get suits, construction workers, nannys, japs, and jocks all gathered to enjoy its unbelievable wings.  There are always a panel of regulars at the bar drinking a bucket of beers while those in line wait for their wings.  You must sign your name on the sign in sheet at the door and wait for the waitresses to call your party. Wait time at a busy time can be up to 1.5 hours long.  But it's SOOO worth it.  I recommend the hot/teriyaki sauce combination.  I don't know how they do it but the key is the crunchiness of the wing, and the taste of the sauce.  To die for. The chili cheese steak is also good. All in all, if you like wings...just go.
The wings are true to there origin, so for the purest this is a great place to share with the sinners (that want to put honey mustard on wings) and enjoy them with friends, and fellow purest its a small place that you will instinctively put in your memory for when in the area or run your errands in that area so you can stop for 20 wings. The sauce is on the money not to hot that you burn your lips but just enough so you feel it. The Burgers are good the onion rings are perfect and the Ribs fall of the bone,  the service is good and they have a great takeaway area.
Oh my goodness every time I'm in NY I have to come here! Best wings I've ever had!
Great place. Small but if they expanded it wouldn't have the same feel. tonight we had Jayne as our server. She seated us, and that was the last we saw of her until we asked for the check. We had no silverware, we had to ask other servers for our beers because she wasn't around, and then we had to ask for our check because she didn't come over to see how we were doing the entire meal. With this said I could understand if there were more than the 10 tables that the restaurant has. And coincidently, two of the people at our table worked in restaurants and tried to give her the benefit of the doubt. I hate to give only 3 stars but tonight really left a bad taste in my mouth. I'll most likely go back because the broccoli poppers are amazing and it's close to home, but I'll be sure to request a different server!!
Not a bad spot for a quick lunch/dinner --- if you don't have to wait. Cash Only. They don't have alot of seating so going during peak hours usually results in a long wait. The outside seating would be nice if it wasn't directly on central ave. The food is good but I don't think it is amazing.
Good late night spot when everything else is closed and you want mad food. I usually order the wings which are good but theyre not like OMGGG awesummm. The ribs are also good. Only semi-downside is that its packed with young kids who are drunk trying to stuff their face with late night wings. But what else can you expect.
Food was very good wait staff was fun and friendly wings were as good as advertised! They do not take reservations and they have a small dining room area be prepared to wait but also be prepared to enjoy the wings! They do not accept credit cards.
This review is mostly for the chicken wings. I'm not here to "bash" Candlelight but let me just start off by saying this place is overrated. People hype this place up by claiming they have the best wings in Westchester but they are far from the best. The wings are large and almost too meaty without enough crisp. While the sauce tastes good, they rarely give enough and it just mixes with the grease coming off of the wings which prevents it from sticking on the wing itself. I feel as is they put forth less effort in their food because they have already been established as the "best wing joint" in the area. The servers are often unfriendly and unattentive. The tables are on top of each other because of the small size of the place. If you're looking for the best wings in the area, keep looking. Pipers kilt in eastchester and Sherwood's on larchmont are good places to start. If you're willing to settle for mediocre wings or a late night munchie spot (open till 3am) then candlelight is for you!
The wings at candlelight are good but different than what you may have experienced in other places.  They are not very crispy but instead wetter with some crisp. The wings come full rather than separated.   Wings come in a few flavours all which are not very hot.  Extra hot is spicy but not all that hot for any buffalo wing lover.  Chernobyl wings are pepper extract based and suck.  I didn't know they used pepper extract.  I was a long time fan of extra hot and wanted hotter.  Ordering Chernobyl was a disappoint. Waffle fries here are really good as well.  Burgers are also great. One of my gripes is they don't give you much in terms of celery, carrots and blue cheese.  There is never enough. The place is very small and is not a place most would want to go to on a busy Friday or Saturday night.  They are open for lunch and the service is even better then.  It's far more relaxed. Ordering out is an option but the wings are never as good when you order out.  They tend to get soggy really quick. Place is cash only so be prepared. The bar is easily accessed from the Bee Line 20 line to White Plains.  It's a good length trip but doable.
Only wings I've had in Westchester... and they're pretty damn good! Love the rustic, all-American feel of this place. Came on a Sunday afternoon so no wait, although it was pretty full at that point already. Wings are almost perfect - crispy and meaty. The meat was tender but could be a little bit more. Also had broccoli cheese poppers which were delicious as well! Service was a bit slow, but they were full so no complaints. Cash only. Can't wait to come back and try the teriyaki wings and waffle fries!
Okay. This place is what it is! Everyone who lives in the area knows it's tiny, crowded, and that the service is awful, even during lunch. Also that there are a lot of high school kids because NO there are not a ton of options and it's just a high school institution. My mom went to high school in Yonkers 50 years ago and Candlelight was there. I went after homecoming one year and saw a number of teachers from my school there. But on to the food. It's ridiculous, utterly amazing, finger licking good. That is the ONLY reason to go. I get the boneless buffalo tenders, mild or the buffalo chicken sandwich (AKA the candlelight sandwich). The place, despite it being cramped, loud, and annoying is a legend. You go in knowing the negatives about it and you are rewarded with the food. I will just say thank jesus they built that new take out building next door. I rarely step foot inside the actual restaurant anymore. Also - I think they only accept cash which is also a major gripe.
Rule of Life #1: If you have a friend or acquaintance who claims to hate this place, discard them immediately. Those aren't the kind of people you need in your life. Rule of Life #2: Teriyaki Wings + Waffle Fries with Cheese + Side of Ranch & Hot Sauce That's the recipe to happiness, the meaning of life, & the secret to success. (It's also the recipe for food babies, food comas, & obesity so try to make trips here a once-in-a-blue-moon occasion.) ALSO: CASH ONLY. xx
Great wings.  Even better sauces. An awright place for beer lovers.
This place is okay but not at all a favorite--the wings are pretty good and big, but other than that, it's pretty much a regular diner, except there is a long wait usually and it's cash only. Everything I've tried there is pretty much regular things deep fried. Waffle fries and wings are good, and I didn't try a salad but they looked good. They have a nice beer selection on tap which was nice, and outdoor seating. One thing that ticked me off? They have on the menu "pitcher of fresh lemonade" for something like $6 or $7 and we ordered for the table...it was straight up country crock. Like really? If you put "fresh lemonade" don't serve me a tablespoon of mix that cost you $0.15. Kind of messed up. Other than that, it's a cute, intimate experience, but I don't think I'd plan to go back unless I was close to the area and craving wings.
The candlelight inn is nothing to write home about. It's filled with rowdy teens(although I am a teen does not mean I'm like them!) and its usually so crowded. I found it to be just another typical guy hang out with beer and wings. I could get the same kind of finger food at any other restaurant.
After hearing of the The Candlelight having the 'best burgers' for quite some time now, i finally stopped in today to give them a try. I was pretty astonished at  how busy they were-In fact quite a few people were  waiting for people to leave so they could be seated in the  dining area. This was at 1:50 PM-well past lunch prime time. I almost left as I didn't feel like waiting when i spotted the outside area where NO ONE was sitting at all. I assumed it was closed but went ahead and asked anyway. It was open! Anyway, based on the inside being so  packed,  I assumed it would be a long while before a waitress found us alone out there but it was like one  minute. She took the order in less than 30 seconds. I ordered  A burger, fries and club soda. Cut to the chase. The burger was tasteless-no flavor at all. I think it was one of those low fat 90% lean type which never cook up right. It did seem fresh as opposed to frozen but still..no taste. The bun was good- a slightly upgraded firmer rendition of the usual HB bun. The Fries  were the frozen crinkle cut type-never going to be phenomenal but these were cooked perfectly -crisp but not destroyed-All in all about as good as a frozen FF can be. The Club Soda revealed that the soda lines needed cleaning. It just had that 'dirty' taste which would have been well disguised had i ordered a coke. Anyway i was disappointed in the burger totally and without the hustling waitress this would have been a 2 Star experience. I can only assume there are other selections that are probably excellent here as they have been doing a great business  for 45 years that i know of.
Hands down, the best wings around.  Other bars and restaurants say they are the "best of Westchester" or just the best.  The others may serve good wings, but these are uncontested.  They don't just serve Frank's red hot, or commercialized (canned) sauces. This is their own, and its worth the wait and crowded seating.
This is the best place for BBQ wings and waffle fries we love this place they are decent people and they are quick with the service I would definitely recommend this place to family friends
Not bad for dive food and a cold beer on a hot summer night.
Been here many times and yet still I'm trying to figure our what made people think it's the best chicken buffalo wings in Westchester? Well.. First there's no other chicken restaurants around that serves different buffalo wings.. It's all the same taste. The dine in area is too compact that people are squeezed in at the bar.. The wait is toooo long.  I'm just glad they have the to go orders at the other house now.. Meaning more capacity to seat inside the original store.. Hmm guess it's time to try again. The to go orders on Super Bowl is always my problem.. I can't order on time they'll ask you to come to the store but once your there they ran out off orders. Really? Well I love the curly fries they serve tho. The parking lot is the problem, the restroom too.. And the cash basis only. Not all people bring cash.. We use debit cards as well.
Great wings.  Small but has a lot of character.  Highly recommend the teryaki chicken sandwich.  Usually very crowded and hard to get a table.  They do deliver and are open very late.  CASH ONLY.
They made our party of 4 wait two hours and a half for a table. People who put their group after us on the wait list were seated first. The service is slow and wings are only slightly above average. Not only are the servers incompetent, they're rude. They did nothing to allay our frustrations. Ridiculous It's been a minute... Or two hours This place is overrated.
The waffle fries w/ American cheese & the buffalo wings are DELICIOUS! Couple this with fast service and this is a BIG WIN!
I went here with a friend on a Sunday night because we really had a craving for wings and he claimed these were the very best.. Well, they were absolutely delicious. The service wasn't that great but hey, the wings made up for everything. I don't know if they were the best wings I've ever had but they certainly are at the top of the list!
I just wanted to address the last couple of posters.  I love the food, everyone knows its amazing so I don't need to comment on it.  What I do need to comment on is that this place is not like hooters, the waitresses are either ladies who have been working there since the place opened in 1955 or high school girls.  Not quite hooter girls unless you are into old women or are a pedophile.  And secondly in regards to the blue cheese from the most recent poster.  It is delicious but  you can get it from you local grocery store, its called Kraft.
THEEE best wings out there!! My boyfriend is the number one fan of this place and got me hooooked! I love that the place has kept it's size regardless of the busy diner traffic! There is always a wait, but no one cares to wait! I think the wings are so good, that once you're done eating, you forget you even had a wait! I always get a small hot with waffle fries. The small (5 wings) is actually not small at all; it's more like 10 wings. I could bathe in their wing sauce--one of a kind! Their blue cheese is crack! I used to hate blue cheese until the Candlelight Inn served me some of theirs! This is one of the places I knew I was going to miss the most from New York,  BUT one of the brother's just opened Candlelight South. BEST NEWS EVER! It is located in St.Augustine, which is 2 hours from me, but you best believe I already went! =D :-P ***Bring Cash***
love the wings like everyone else, wish the place was a little bigger and they would stop pooling tips, then the service would get better. Sometimes i think the medium to low quality service makes the place what it is
I love this place! I've been coming here for years despite having to wait 35 min for a table sometimes. It's totally worth the wait! The wings are crispy yet moist and probably the best in all of westchester! The waffle fries and onion rings are so delicious as well. My only complaint is that the wings aren't cut so I find it a little hard to eat, but overall the food here Is great the staff is friendly. Make sure to bring cash.
It's a very cozy location, and the wings are a good size.  Waffle fries are a must. Cocktails also good.  The waitress and manger were very accommodating--I went with my brother that was wheelchair bound and they did everything to make him comfortable. He enjoyed his day trip to candlelight ( he was hospitalized)
One of my favorite places for wings. An amazing atmosphere at the Inn which makes you feel cut off from the city life. Have great flovors.
I eat here all the time with my friends from school. In fact, all my friends know of my love for candlelight. The wings are the best in the area, and the best I have had outside of buffalo. If you like hot wings though, go for very hot, hot just isn't hot enough for me. There hot teriyaki wings are also very good (just teriyaki sucks thoug). I almost never get anything else other than wings but the fries and cookie alamode are also good. Be prepared for a long wait especially at night on thurs-sat. Up to an hour is the longest I've ever waited.
Simple: The best wings in Westchester.
Awesome Wings! Wait is usually pretty long, but what can you do. They place is good. They also just opened up a small building right across dedicated only to take out which has helped out a lot.
Yes.. We get it. The wings are all the rave! And they truly are ( teriyaki hot!!) and considering every review speaks of the wings I don't know why we tried anything else bc it's nasty. No stars deducted from candlelight though... That was our fault. Burgers, chili, and anything else should be saved for else where. Although waffle cheese fries are a go ahead. The crowd  is a little raunchy I have to admit, and the bar and seating area could be cleaned up a bit. The servers are extremely busy considering there's always a minimum wait of 30 minutes which leads them to usually have a bitter attitude. And this is probably the only place I'd return despite not being treated how a customer should be. First timer Tips: cash only. Walk straight in, grab the pen and write your name. Order a beer for your half hour wait listen for your name Enjoy your wings!
I honestly love this place, but had to take a star off because of the inconsistency in accuracy of my pick up orders. C'mon guys, you almost always forget at least one of my sauces! It's not asking for a lot to take the time to double check the order and make sure you got it right before sending a customer out the door and all the way home without her sour cream!! I still love your food and service.
Best wings in Westchester! Awesome finger food and chill environment. Worth the wait! Con: cash only
Just left my burger at the table because it was horrible and I will be going to Buffalo Wild Wings tonight to get rid of my craving for wings because the ones I had here today SUCKED!!!! BTW I have been going to the Candlelight Inn for Years (20 to be exact) and I have never had this horrible of an experience. Terrible service, cramped table and shitty food.  Maybe the Mayans are right and the end is coming!!!
Go for the wings. Stay for the friends you're bound to make because you're just so darn close together! Here's what happened here: they took a house, turned the dining room into a bar and the living room into a restaurant. I'm also pretty sure the kitchen used to be a hallway lol.  Needless to say, its very cozy. Surprisingly, I didn't mind. The wings were great and the people (servers included) were friendly. I accidentally flung half of my wing at the table next to (slash on top of) us...nobody frowned, he picked it up and gave it back *all NYers jaws drop*
best wings in town!!!! the best one the spicy ones =)
Used to love this place would go there every sunday with my freinds but not anymore. They took off sam adams and even the bar tenders don't know why they said it was the most selling beer but the owner doesn't want it anymore.. Very bad owner that doesn't care about the customers.
Hot terriyaki wings had little flavor and no sweetness....they were just hot. Sauce was put on so thickly  it was impossible to even think of rubbing it off (which I would have done). The crinkle cut potatoes were tasteless but the wings were large and meaty which should rate at least one star.
Hit this place after the game for some delicious well-prepared unhealthy-but-who-cares comfort food, a beer and the game, slow service but good vibes.  Name on the list for a sizable wait.  Call in a to-go order rather than order there to get around a wait.  Fun old space wood paneling and bar in front has nostalgia all over it.
It is an odd situation because this place would probably rate three stars had I not had such high expectations going in. That may not seem or be fair but such is life. We went to this establishment for lunch and ordered wings, drumsticks, salads, and burgers with a side of waffle fries. I was disappointed with the wings as they are frequently cited as being the best in Westchester county by many people. The hamburgers were average. As strange as it is to state, the salads were a pleasant surprise and the waffle fries were good. Service was very friendly though.
We went on a Saturday night and the place was packed from wall to wall. We opted to eat at the bar and though our name ended up being called about 20 minutes after, we decided the bar was just fine. Per all the Yelp reviews we just went with wings and waffle fries. Hot, Mild and Teriyaki wings were what we tried. Hot and Mild were fantastic! (and my husband is very critical of wings) Teriyaki were good, but we both could only eat 2 at most, sweetness gets overwhelming after that. Next time we'll stick with traditional. Waffle fries were good, not mind blowing and honestly, we'd rather utilize the space in our tummy with more wings :)
Positives: Good wings hot and teryaki (used to be phenomenal), burgers (surprisingly flavorful)  awesome buffalo chicken salad and in general some of the best bar food you will ever have. Kitchen stays open late. Museum like ambiance.  Really cool vibe. Negatives:  Service usually not great especially when it comes to beer refills.  Wings actually used to be better then they got bigger somewhere along the line and I am less impressed.  I used to eat large orders of Chernobyl (that's like 26 @#$%%^ hot wings) but now just 2 will destroy my guts for a couple days after.  This is the problem, the extra hot doesn't seem hotter than hot it just appears to be more sauce which means the steps between extra hot and Chernobyl is too big.  The need another hot step.  I've been going here for 19 years. Cramped as hell and the absolute WORST part is that between 11 and 4am  on weekends its is so packed with snotty Westchester a##hole teenagers that it just destroys the whole purpose of going to a late night bar as an adult.  Like Melinda's review says shes been going there since she was 14.  WTF? It's a bar, shouldn't you be playing with your Miley Cirus action figure somewhere?. Oh and the bathroom.  Did people not use bathrooms when this place was built??  Good luck in there.  And if you thought because it was bar food it was gonna be cheap you're wrong.  Wings fries and a burger shared by 3 plus 3 beers was $50.  Believe it.  CASH ONLY.  Tip- if there is no space in their lot, park next door at the commercial building (Sexhaurs, yeah I know, great name) never a problem after hours.
It's going to be tough to say something about Candlelight Inn that hasn't already, but here goes.  Several of my friends, in fact, everyone I know from the Westchester/Scarsdale area has created more hype around this unassuming restaurant than the disciples did Jesus. Seriously, they've put it on such a high pedestal, I was expecting the servers to perform some sort of a baptism with the wing sauce for my first time. Had I not visited Candlelight with the undisputed veterans of the joint, I would've been completely and hopelessly lost about making reservations, ordering, and paying. So, for all you skeptics and first-timers out there, here's what I've learned: 1) Weeknights are best.  -Don't try and enter at 9pm on a Friday. You'll end up waiting either inside shoulder-to-shoulder with someone just as impatient as you, or outside. Either way, you'll want to hang yourself having to smell of the wings so close, yet so far out of reach.  2) Don't make reservations. They won't take them. -Instead, walk in, head for the entrance to the dining room, and look for a wall-mounted notepad. Write your name, number of guests, and seating preference, (inside or outdoor patio) and wait. Don't leave. With the patience of a college student running a beer pong table, if the Candlelight hostess calls your name and you're not within earshot, you've just lost your table. On to the next guest. In a technology driven world, this old-school means of reserving tables could throw some people for a loop. Trust me, it'll be worth it in the end.  3) Candlelight has a menu. Don't look at it. -If you're here, you're here for one thing and one thing only - the wings. Not just any wings, though, hot-teriyaki wings. Small is good, large is more than plenty. My veteran friends order fries topped with their favorite cheeses, as if digestive complications weren't extreme enough with the wings alone. So, if you're into that sort of thing, order an appropriately-sized platter of crinkle-cuts topped with whatever ooey-gooey cheese your feelin' that day.  4) If you want an appetizer, get broccoli poppers. If you like your wings extra saucy, get a side of the oh-so-delicious hot-teriyaki sauce. Ask nicely for extra napkins. -Consider yourself warned - The side of hot-teriyaki sauce is massive, which, of course, implies that you should use it all. God bless you if you manage to finish that bad boy. 5) The moment the wings hit the table, eat them. Immediately. Don't take pictures. I already did. Don't do anything but eat. -For every second you're not viscously tearing into a wing in a primal, caveman manner, you're missing out. Big time. Nothing is like that first bite. I've yet to experience a meal that plays on every sense like the initial bite of a hot-teriyaki wing from Candlelight. 6) Experiment.  - Now that you understand the magnitude and importance of the meal you're about to enjoy, mix it up. Send that wing for a dip in some blue cheese, then back to the swimming pool of hot-teri sauce. The resulting color combination makes my mouth water just thinking about it. 7) Eat until you're uncomfortably, and shamefully full. 8) Bring cash, because that's all Candlelight accepts. Tip your waitress or waiter for having to deal with the murder scene that was once your dinner table. 9) Rinse, lather, and repeat.  - Because once you've had Candlelight, you'll come back. There's a reason this place is so popular. But hey, what do I know?
Average wings and bad service
BEST WINGS WITHIN 100+ MILES! Well worth waiting for a table. CASH ONLY! be careful though, as sometimes the waitress gets your order wrong and then claims "thats not what you asked for" or claims you just asked for fries when all of the 4 other people at your table swear you did order WAFFLE FRIES!
overrated. mediocre food. i dont get whats so special about the wings. everything is very greasy. creepy old man vibe. cash only. also feels like it's gone way downhill since late 90s early 2000s
Best wings in Westchester.   Pros I have tried almost everything on this menu and it is all delicious. The burgers here are very underrated very juicy and always cooked right.  Meat nachos are mouth watering.  The service is great for how busy it gets.  This place is a landmark in Westchester.  I feel like this restaurant is always open no matter what.  You can always count on Candlelight put it that way. Place is small be ready to wait to be seated but it is worth it.
Great wings !
Nothing fancy, local feel, you will get some weird stares if you are not from the area i guess but over all excellent wings. 4 stars because the place is kind of dirty and needs some cleansing. also the seating needs to be more efficient.
The Candlelight has some of the most delicious food in the entire world. If you arent a decor snob and like to get down and dirty with saucy wings, delicious tacos, and broccoli poppers this is the place for you. I love you candlelight forever!
Fantastic!!!  Just order the wings with half mild / half terriyaki, Ray's special (pizzabread) and the cheese fries with gravy and you will have the best meal of your life.  Yes, it's not fancy, and yes, the waiting in line isn't fun, and yes, it's not healthy, but this place is a classic for a reason.  Never anything but a delicious meal.
This is a great place for late night dining!  Feels like a biker bar straight from the movies.  Excellent wings, sandwiches, and sides.  This place is packed from afternoon until the wee hours of the night.  Great place to sober up with food.
Came here last night even though I knew there would be a long wait since it was a Friday night.   It was definitely worth the wait.  Candlelight has the best wings in the area so this is where I go when I'm craving saucy, wing-y goodness.  You can't go wrong with their crispy waffle fries, plus they have a nice (rotating) selection of local beers on tap.
Food is good. Drinks are excellently priced. My recommendation is to always try their soup specials. Been going here for roughly 13 years and everyone seems to order the wings. I don't blame them as the wings are amongst the best in Westchester county. Though because of the high demand, the wings are slightly overpriced at 14$ for a medium order of wings. They are also stuck together appearing to look like pterodactyl wings rather than chicken wings but the taste is sufficient. The service is extremely inconsistent. You can go in one night have your server be completely on top of you with great service and politeness. You can go back the next night and get rudeness, ignorance, and nonchalant service. Other downfall is the cash only policy (probably why the prices are so reasonable). A good business in my opinion should always establish credit with the state especially when they don't even have an ATM inside. Lastly, for a wing joint, you would think they would provide you with a heavy supply of napkins but they don't. You must persistently ask for more napkins which is absolutely absurd. Overall the food and drinks are good and reasonable. I would definitely go back just for those reasons alone.
Best wings in Yonkers So my friends have been ranting and raving about this place for a while.  It seemed like I wAs the only one who's never been to this place. Well it's my second time here and I have to say I am very pleased. The wings are delicious!! My favorite wing spot is in the city but who new I had a gem like this in my back yard. Great hang out for friends to just kick back. You really can't go wrong if ure looking for finger food. Paired with some waffle fries and a beer and ure gonna have a good night.
great wings nothing to brag about always crowded nachos are good. great place to just kick back have a few beers watch a game. just remember to take cash they dont take credit cards. aside from that you might wait 20 to 45 minutes for wings.
Best wings in Lower Westchester without question!!!!
Heard the rest of the food is good but never bothered, they have the best wings ever. At first I was scared because the wing and leg are attached to each other but got over after the first delicious bite. Also love that they'll give you a soup cup of blue cheese so you can dip the entire wing in. Be prepared to wait as it's crowded any time I've ever gone, but this is the rare instance that the payoff is worth the wait.
Best wings ever
I have been asking my boyfriend who lives in Hartsdale to bring me here for years, literally YEARS. We finally went last night.. and oh my it was worth the wait. Now I don't like bone-in wings (gasp I know it's positively unamerican) but this place.... is delicious. I got the chicken fingers rolled in hot teriyaki (which is the best sauce) and they were soooooo yummy. My boyfriend and I also shared the waffle fries (which were heavenly fried) with jalapeno cheese (which I wanted to take home and eat with... anything!) My boyfriend who eats like a man got a small burger which was delicious and of course wings (small hot teriyaki). All our food except the wings came out together. After asking twice we realized that they had thought the wings had been made but they hadn't. My boyfriend said he didn't want them anymore (he was slightly irritated) to one waitress and 2 seconds later she brought it out and asked if he was sure... obviously he ate them. We both got dessert.. I got apple cobbler and he got the cookie alamode (which was to die for). Because of the kitchen mix up they gave my boyfriend his dessert for free which was really nice. Overall wonderful experience. And the check was only $37.40! For all that food!
This is the number 1 place to go to if you wanna get the BEST WINGS IN THE WORLD! LOL well for me at least.  They have the best wings i have ever tasted.   their waffle fries with cheese and potato skins are also amazing!! Just make sure to get your wings cooked well and hot! There are two things i don't like about this place, which makes it lose the 5th star. 1) The size of the place.     This place is always packed and the waiting area is very tiny.  The waiting area is by the bar which is annoying because when its packed you have people moving back and forth in the bar and its just annoying.    The eating area is tiny as well. make sure to get a booth or a table by the edges.  Sitting in the center is a bit annoying. ***Make sure to sign the clip board when you walk in because they don't really have a person who does that. you kinda have to sign in and when a table opens up they will call your name.*** 2) Does not accept credit cards.          For a place that makes the best wings in about 100 miles, and is always packed, not to take cards is a pain especially for folks that don't always carry cash on them.   During superbowl times or other big holidays make sure to order on time because they get alot of orders in. ONCE AGAIN!! THESE WINGS ARE THE BEST AND BESIDES THE OTHER THING, IS STILL THE PLACE TO GO TO FOR NICE WINGS !
believe the hype about the wings. all the negative stuff is true (long wait, overcrowded, spotty service) but i dont care. i have a lot of out of town guests and i always tell them they are about to have the best wings of their lives and no one has ever disagreed. just do yourself a favor and go eat the wings. they are the. best. ever.
As always, Candlelight never disappoints.  The portions are oh so generous. If you're thinking of ordering a medium, get a small.  The wings are fantastic.  Perfectly cooked.  Fries are amazing too.  (the cheese sauce is kind of bland though.  thats my old gripe)
Awesome Wings, that's all that needs to be said.
Don't believe the hype. Rode passed early afternoon on a Sunday and noticed only a few vehicles in the lot so we decided to try this place out to see if it really lived up to the hype. Not at all. Candlelight Inn has GOT TO BE on the Health Department's list.  This place is scary.  Think upstate NY, frat boy scary.  Napkins were dirty, condiment containers cloudy and silverware was checkered with stains.  Who cares, right? I'm certain the staff doesn't.  You're only there to eat wings and other finger foods.  We ordered wings well done and waffle fries.  Fries were great but came in a small dish - not a basket as you'd expect.  Wings were not great but definitely not the worse.  If you've ever been anywhere that serves wings, you know better. The drinks here are on point! I forget the proper name of what I had but the waiter said the staff call it the Date Rape.  Yeah, get that.   Cash only but we weren't surprised.  Guess you can't have any pending transactions at a sketchy spot like this.   Frat boy hangout.  Small. Dirty. Wings not that great. Skip it.
The earlier the better, best bet is early evening, otherwise there is along wait.  Wings are slamm'n!  Service was awesome! Chili cheese fries are off the hook. CASH ONLY!
Went here because friends told us this place had great food and wings.  The first thing I noticed when I entered the place was the stench of spilled beer which has obviously festered for quite some time! It was packed- we waited for a table but ended up at the bar.  I give the wings a 5 on the 10 scale.  They were ok, certainly NOT great.  My wife liked the cod sand which.  I also had the chilli- NASTY! And don't bother complaining to the bar tender- the girl behind the bar did nothing to my complaint- I are one bite and still paid 6 bucks!  Overall- I say skip!!! Not sure what the fuss is over this place.
my fav Saturday lunch place!
Showed up on a regular Thursday night at 8.  Knew to expect a wait from the reviews, but ended up waiting an hour and 15 minutes for a table for 2.  Usually my limit is about 30 minutes but once we got to the 45 minute mark, I just felt too committed and kept hoping the end was near.  So, we waited until the bitter end.  It was a painful last 30 minutes. Yes, the teriyaki/hot wings were good (and unique and addictive) as other reviews say, and the waffle fries were good.  But chili was not, and jalapeno cheese sauce was just ok.  (The smothered waffle fries from Blondies (in UWS) this was definitely not.)  Service was speedy and efficient (once you actually got a table, that is).  Food was good, and cheap, but overall not worth the 75 minute wait.
VERY VERY VERY busy. Call ahead of time or come about an hour before your painfully starving.  I don't mind busy places myself, because I have absolutely no problem sitting at a bar having a drink before dinner. When you get there, you actually have to sign your name on a clipboard hanging on the wall and the host crosses the names off as tables open up. Candlelight is an institution in Westchester. The wings are a must have-not the best wings in the world, sometimes over done, but still very delicious and the sauces are all outrageous. I definitely recommend trying all of the sauces..and if you are with someone you don't like, make them try a Chernobyl wing. I love all the food here, typical bar food wings, sandwiches, tacos, burgers, etc. I love coming here and stuffing my face after a night out...oh, and always finish off with the cookie a la mode. The staff is wonderful always friendly and never mess up your order despite how busy it is. The atmosphere is very loud, a little dive-y, very casual and friendly. They also deliver and are open really really late. I love Candlelight-you must go here if you have not been already and live near the area.
This is for takeout; Wings were good, burger was ok. They give the smallest amount of celery i've ever seen. Prices are good People behind the counter were probably the most unfriendly group of people i've encountered in a restaurant. The fact that they don't take credit cards is ridiculous.
The best wings I've ever had. In addition, the mozzarella cheese fries w/ gravy are amazing.
I've been hearing about this place for years now.  I finally went late last night for the wings while watching World Cup highlights after the US vs. Peru game.  It's about the ONLY place opened along ALL of Westchester Ave late-night on a Sunday--even the diner down the road was closed at 10:30 PM.  The wait for a table was a half-hour.   The place smells like a mixture of piss, B/O and recycled beer.  It is tight, crowded and loud.  It has a very rustic feel to it.  They are quick to take your order, but you do wait an eternity for your wings to arrive.  I have to wonder why I have to wait for wings, when this is the primary thing people come here to eat? Shouldn't they be pretty much ready in abundance? They have four different levels of spiciness, ranging from mild to fire.  I had the third hottest, "very hot."  The wings were good, and they were "very hot," just like I like them, but them come in a bowl of hot sauce soup, literally swimming in hot sauce and dripping and running all over the place.  They are so soupy, they are hard to handle to eat.  There is no reason the wings need to be slathered in the sauce to make them extra hot.  I ordered a side of fries, which were plentiful--could not finish them--but, they were dried out and cold and crunchy.  I had to do to the fries with ketchup what they did to my wings with hot sauce to get them down.  This entire operation is "CASH ONLY."  That's ridiculous.  The place is a cash cow, and I would really like to know how much of the cash is reported to the IRS.  I also wonder whether the IRS is aware that they are cash only?  Definitely a lot of money being "put away" every night after closing, it's so obvious.  I've heard too many people rave about these being the best wings in Westchester.  Attention wing aficionados:  the best wings in Westchester are at The Beechmont in New Rochelle!
small very tight atmosphere yet still warming nd comfortuting...the food is great, burger was awesome, wings are on point, waffle fries as well...only thing is the cups for drinks are very small nd there's no free refills which sucks considering there's so much food.
Amazing ! Never disappoints the wings are best in NEW York and their jalapeño cheese sauce is outstanding!  The homemade bread pudding is so good I always get one to go. The wait time can b ridiculous especially in the summer but the food is worth the wait. They don't take cash! The servers are a bit snotty sometimes but only the old ladies prob tired of being there all day! Other than that worth a try just don't drink and drive cops are hot around the area. The to-go next door doesn't seem to b doing so good but candlelight inn makes up more for that. The parking is huge but most groups come in their own car so parking San be annoying on a Friday night.
we have been going to this place since for over 15 years, great wings, good burgers and sides dishes, casual attire. the bad thing about it is the waiting time, some days could take an hour, also they only accept cash, not convient. other than that, it is a great value to eat out.
NO one can hold a candle(light) to this place's buffalo wings and cookie a la mode. Like everyone has noted, Candlelight Inn is a great deal with huge portions--order wings, fries, and cookies. However, it is a small, divey local joint with only 15 tables and a bar. Go early or order takeout at their place next door, and you won't be disappointed!! I came across Candlelight Inn on Yelp as I was scouring the Hudson Valley area for cheap, but solid places to eat. My boyfriend is a Buffalo Wings fiend--- I thought I'd treat him to his favorite food! OMFG. Best wings you'll have. Nice, meaty wings, and crispy on the outside, yet tender on the inside with such great sauce. Make sure you get their Teriyaki/Hot mix for the wings---a nice mix of spicy and sweet. I'm not even a wings person, and I thought they were yummy! And the cookie a la mode? Sweetaholics, this is YOUR dessert. They served me up a warm chocolate chip cookie that is buttery with hints of burnt sugar--all topped with Haagen Daz ice cream. This is the best cookie dessert I've ever had at a restaurant. My boyfriend actually loved the waffle fries with jalapeno cheese sauce, but I didn't like the combo of fries and sauce. The sauce is heavy, and for me the fries aren't crispy enough to hold up to the sauce.
Their food is fresh and excellent. Simple yet great food. Fairly cheap too, unless you decide to add lots of condiments on your burger. I would definitely go back; it's a great place to grab some food and drink with  others.
OK here we go... Be prepared to wait AT LEASTTT 10 minutes, its usually  a 30 minute wait when I go (even on not so busy days), but last time I was here I got lucky and was seated after 10 mins.     Candlelight Inn.... BEST wings I've had so far... They are perfect, crispy skin, juicy and tender meat, delicious buffalo sauce with a side of house-made blue cheese.  Better than anywhere else....   NOW for the tacos... WOW... these are good, 2 crunchy tacos for like $3... can't beat it, they are really good... the meat inside is very nicely seasoned, it has a really nice flavor.   THE SERVICE SUCKS... WARNING.... If I was to rate on service alone, this place would get a whopping ZERO stars... The servers are very rude and act like they are doing you a favor by serving you. I hate that so much with restaurants.   The last time I came here, me and crew asked our server for the check, 15 minutes later she still hadn't brought it out.. We asked her AGAIN for the bill... she was like "OK you guys need to wait, I'm very busy here and i need a break"...  I was shocked... I was like "b*tch r u serious?? we need to leave, bring us the check now!"      so yea... Usually when service sucks, I don't go back... but the food here surpasses the sh*t service... So I of course will be back.
wings, waffle fries, and a pitcher of beer make for a good night out with a couple of friends.  definitely the best place in this area is candlelight.  i've been here quite a few times and plan to keep going back. the sauce is delicious and the wings are usually crispy, though not so much this last visit.  i haven't tried much else on the menu, but when the wings are so good, it's hard to justify a visit without having them.  the only thing that keeps this place from being top notch is the service.  for such a tiny place, there are a lot of waitresses, but somehow they never seem to come over when you want them to.  minor grievance, but since they seem to be expanding, i just hope the waits don't get longer.
I'm fighting back tears of warm nostalgia for my Steven Spielbergian childhood,you know, riding bikes after school on the weekdays through a nondescript suburban sprawl, walking down sidewalk-less roads just to look under rocks for spiders. Except at the end of the road there was no extra terrestrial, no giant monster in a cave or whatever. Just the long lines we eagerly braved to eat at Candlelight. It's hard to think of this place without getting all gooey and crafting elegant prose to praise it. It's also hard to know whether Candlelight's wings are the best or simply my first. Any which way, this was the place that spoiled me and so many others, forcing us into eternal snobbery by setting the bar unattainable high for buffalo wings. If you ordered anything else besides the extra hot wings, you're wrong. If you did but didn't like it, you're also just wrong. So scarf down some wings, knock back a pint, and shut up: this is as good as it gets.
Hmmm...I seem to be missing what the big hub bub is about with this place. The food was average and fairly typical (had the wings and chicken sandwich). The taste of the wings reminded me of Hooters wings which I'm not a big fan of...perhaps next time I'll try a different flavor and formulate a different opinion. The price wasn't anything to rave about as it was on par with chain restaurant pricing. On the other hand, the wait staff was very friendly and very attentive which i did appreciate. The atmosphere was like your local bar. Since we were there at first opening on a Saturday, we didn't have any exposure to any over-inebriated folk so we were thankful for that.
I came here a few weeks ago with a friend, his girlfriend and a friend of hers. Me and my friend got a small order of chicken wings with barbecue sauce. We also shared a plate of the waffle fries. All the food we had was really good. It is a small place with not alot of tables but I would definitely come back here again for wings.
believe the hype. best wings ever. friendly service.
Love the food! Burger was so juicy and tasty and the hot wings with chilli sauce are delicious. ....BEST SECOND DATE EVER:-).and oh the waitress/waiter was somewhat rushing us to leave the table but will definiteback back.
Supposed to be the best.. Lets see.. nope. chicken wings are just above Fridays and any one of those kinds of restaurants. The wings are meaty and they dont actually cut the wing tip from the drum. this is good as the wings are made fresh, not frozen. The "hot" sauce seems to be from a bottle. Looks like i have tasted it before at other places. The place is super tiny and tons of locals flock the tiny place so it always seems packed. It closes late so i see why. Its has a bar and a few tables indoors and some out. THey own a catering place next door which seems bigger than this one (switch locations to accommodate people better Hint). About 8 beers to choose from. The table next to us ordered some ribs that looked and smelled delicious, will def come back to try them. PS: not the best wings as they claim.
We called about 10 mins before we arrived asked if there was a wait for sitting they said no we get there and there is a 35 min wait so we left.  Until nexttime.     We wouldve ordered it to go but that didnt happen either....
This is often a order to go spot for at home movie night with my beau. Way to crowded most eve's to chill and grab a bite. I'm a wing kinda gal myself, so I've tried a number of spots. Candle light is def up there in my top ten's around the way places. Waffle Fries w/gravy, and a bucket of wings (teriyaki) does the job. The blue cheese dressing is greeeeeeaaaat (tony the tiger voice)! Real chunks of blue cheese, no imitation. Good stuff!
My trusty network of friends on Facebook did not fail me with suggestions in the Scarsdale area for lunch spots! My boyfriend and I stopped by Candlelight Inn on Sunday afternoon for some wings and fries. The space is tight, but there was never a lull in patrons. Wings are the most popular item on the menu. Definitely try the Spicy Teriyaki wings. We also shared a basket (plate) of waffle fries with jalapeno cheese sauce. Delicious! Cash only!
Good wings, not enough space to sit. That's why it gets 2 stars. Hate that there's always a wait no matter what time of day it is.
Their wings are absolutely awesome!  You have to order them hot and extra crispy and you will be happy with what you get.  I have never tried anything else besides the wings because they are so good and I always know I can count on them. And they have an awesome juke box too!  Load up on your favorite classic rock tunes, order a dozen wings and a cold draft and sit back and enjoy!  Service is always pretty good too.  This is THE place in Westchester for wings, hands down!
Life is good at The Candlelight. Give this girl a Yuengling, a basket of crispy medium Teriyaki wings and some broccoli poppers. Small town place and everyone knows everyone. Just be prepared to wait a little while to be seated on a weekend. IT IS WORTH IT!
I don't know why everyone loves this place Their wings are okay at best and the ceased salad I had seemed like they poured oil on it.
Anyone who's anyone knows that C-light is the spot for wings in NY. It's just a fact. If you're from Westchester you've probably been here too many times to count. It's always super busy, small joint, and local crowd. Order any size wings with mild, hot, teryaki/hot, or if you're feeling bold get the  Chernobyl sauce. BAM! Waffle fries!!!! BROCCOLI POPPERS. Go for the ala mode if you still have room. Hands down best wings in the tri-state.
I kind of feel bad for hurricane wings down the street, because there is just no way they could ever compare to this place in the slightest. You will get the most authentic wings ever here, literally the whole arm of the bird, not those weak pathetic wings you get at a chain restaurant.
Terrible. A staple in Westchester, I found a long hair at the bottom of my bowl of greasy fries years ago. I vowed to never eat here again...until last night. I asked my friend to pick me up a burger and fries. I got just that - a burger, a bun, and fries. That's it. Could you spare a pickle? Geez. I believe in second chances. I gave them one and years later, I find I'd grill a better burger myself. Ora Ida even makes a better fry. Disappointing!
BEST WINGS IN THE WORLD!!!! Been going for 10 years plus and I've tried wings in other places all up and down the east coast and there are places with good wings but none come close and to candlelights wings. Recently moved to Florida and they opened a location down here and I went there and they were the same. Can't wait to go back to Scarsdale and get a small hot and fries with jalapeño cheese.
Frankly, I've never seen the fascination with this place.  I've been here probably over a dozen times, because friends of mine like this place, and they are always open late.  The wings are really really overrated in my opinion.  How these make top wings in westchester list consistently is beyond me. The sauce is just lot of vinegar, and overly tangy.   The wings are all the L-shaped wings, so keep that in mind when ordering, as you probably aren't getting as many wings as you expect. Some of their other food isn't bad, burgers are OK and their waffles fries are great. The chernobyl flavor is just as it sounds - ridiculous, even for spice lovers, but I don't knock Candlelight for that, as they do warn you. Once you get seated (there's almost always  a wait), the service is really quick, and they have good beer specials usually.  The place has a cool divey vibe to it also, but I'm just not as crazy about the wings as others. Also - I believe it's cash only, unless something has changed
*insert obligatory comment about how Candlelights wings are the best within a ten mile radius here* That being said, don't come in here with a large crowd or if you have personal space issues because you will be sitting on top of people to eat your food. Also, the wait staff isn't very friendly, but I can't be too harsh because if I saw the crowd that they do on a regular basis I wouldn't be friendly either. Their mozzarella sticks were possibly the best part of the meal. The wings had been hyped up to me, and they lived up to expectations. Good for you, wings. Their fries werent crispy at all, the cheese on the, was only half melted, and the gravy was runny. Boo for you, fries. Also, not a health friendly nor vegetarian friendly restaurant, unless you want your meal to sit all wrong with you.
My co workers been raving about this place so i figured after months let's try this place out.  My only issue is finding this place is a bit tough.  The wait wasn't that long because it was only me and my gf so getting in wasn't tough.  After we sat down I ordered the wings and potato skins.  One of my favorite appetizer is Potato skins and it was the best skins i ever had.  I never thought skins could taste this good but dammmmm so freaking good.  The wings were unreal.  OMG the best wings ever!!!!!! Overall I would definitely come back.  I hope this place opens up in New jersey because i'd be there everday.  I'm dreaming about the wings right now hahaha
You don't go to Candle light and not get the wings. They are known for having the good wings. The rest of the food there is like diner quality( but who goes to candle light  for a chicken sandwich?! or burger?!)  but the wings, onion rings/ fries (sides orders) are delicious. One star off because it's crowded and there is always a long wait. The wait staff is never friendly but I expect that when I come there. Also Cash only!!!
The wings are ok at best. I guess people in Westchester like bland food. The new Mcdonalds wings are better than candle light wings honestly. The wait is ridiculously long and service is slow. The people by the bar are neighborhood nobody's. They stare at people especially if you're of a different ethnicity. It's dirty and smells pretty bad. It's a diver bar type of place. I can equate it to an upstate ny college town bar that serves bar food.  I will never go back to this establishment again.
I grew up going to Candlelight. They have always had the best wings and they continue to dish out tasty, juicy wings! This place is a classic dive. Every time I come here I get the same thing: hot teriyaki wings and fries. The fries are crinkle cut, which is my favorite style. Hot teriyaki wings is the best style of wings ever. I love them so much I make them for myself when I am in Philly. This place is a must for wings fans. And hot teriyaki mix is a must.
Big fan of this place. Try to stop here every time I'm in Westchester co. As a displaced Buffalonian, I can attest that their chicken wings are amongst the best on the east coast.
While I am not willing to sacrifice my first born child for these wings, as apparently some of the other reviewers are, these are decent wings.  Depending on the day, you can get a better or worse wing, so the lack of consistency keeps them from getting a higher score.  I believe if you're a lifetime local, this place can no no wrong.  I am not a local, so perhaps that's the problem.   I do like these wings, but I'd never recommend this place.  If someone asked where could they get a good wing, I'd reluctantly say this place because 1) this is the only place that comes to mind when I think of wings (good or bad) and 2) i'd never recommend a chain like buffalo wild wings The place is very small and always packed.  The parking lot is equally small which makes it very difficult to just try and eat here. I have never had a problem with the servers, all very nice. The prices are reasonable.
I'm a wing-man. I like wings. Candlelight is good for wings. You should go for the wings. They have teriyaki, BBQ, mild (for you 5 year olds), hot, extra hot, and Chernobyl. When a joint bothers to create that many distinct levels of hotness/flavors, you can tell they're dead serious about their wings. Especially considering one level is called Chernobyl. How badass (not to mention, educational... Unless Westchester teens now think that Chernobyl is simply just the legendary level of wing hotness available at Candelight. Shucks!). There's usually a wait, so you go in, put your name on the list by the entrance to the dining room and hang by the bar. There's flatscreens to keep you entertained, and yeah, in terms of ambiance it's just a small wooden house basically. It's a local low-key place. But really, who cares? It's all about wings. You dive in, and they're crispy on the outside, then juicy, the sauce is everywhere, omg it's so good, you lick at it, but it splashes on your fingers, your lips, onto your cheeks, onto the plates and tables of those surrounding you... The pile of napkins grows, and grows (a hearty stack was provided at the beginning of the meal, along with numerous hand wipes for the post-mortem)... You pause for a sip of soda, for a bite of delectable well-seasoned waffle fry, for just a crunchy bite of celery stick covered in blue cheese to change up texture and to soothe your tongue, but these are only momentary distractions from the wings, the wonderful, wonderful wings. Oh man, I used to stop and clean myself up a bit after each wing, the hands and the region around my mouth stained red, but my buddy would just look at me under his bushy eyebrows while gnawing on a wing and mumble, "Why bother? You're just gonna get messy anyways and I don't care." That's why I kept the guy around. We'd go LOLcat on these suckers and NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM the heck out of 'em. I only wish it were closer to a train station, instead of having to be a drive-to-get-to spot. We'd leave, stomachs full of chicken cooked and served the way chicken oughta be - I'd peek back and see that distinctive green roof and red and white exterior recede in the distance... I really do miss Candlelight. I can't talk about it anymore. I'm getting upset. (...Did I mention that you oughta try the wings?) EDIT: In my haste to post, I flubbed and downright forgot some of the flavors (Teriyaki/BBQ). So redid that. And I also neglected to mention that many combine the Teriyaki and Hot flavors for the best results. Happy eating.
In terms of food, things haven't changed much for me since I was a baby-- the earliest photos of me eating are with cake, spaghetti, or other messy food-stuffs all over my face, hair, body, and high chair.  So, while I enjoy fine dining as much as the next person, I will forever be a burger and beer girl at heart.  That's why I love Candlelight (it, too, hasn't changed much over the years)-- they are what they are and don't pretend to be anything else. What they are: -no more than 10-15 tables, so as other reviewers noted, you WILL wait.  (Tonight, we went at 5:15 and waited about a half hour.)   -cheap beer, damn good wings, juicy burgers, crinkle cut fries, chicken sandwiches, and any other bar food you can imagine.  In other words, it's worth the wait if this is the food you are craving. -sassy, spunky waitresses, exactly as you would expect at a place like this -open late and now featuring delivery! (no credit cards) -very mixed clientele, from high schoolers to middle aged to jolly old folks.  I just hope I'm a cool enough old lady to still come here for my burger fix!
1. Walk straight in and cut through bar crowd (place is tiny) 2. Write name on clipboard 3. Order Beer from bar 4. Wait long time for name to be called (average half hour-hour on weekend days and nights) 5. Order extra hot wings, you can order other good menu items but make sure the wings are the main dish. 6. Walk out happy.
I really wish Yelp offered half stars because I would give this place 2.5, but since they don't, I had to deliberate between 2 and 3 stars. I'm going with two becuase Candlelight Inn has turned me into a liar as my Facebook status when heading here was "going to get the best buffalo wings in Westchester." Lies!! After an exhausting couple days a couple with whom I friends and I needed some beers and bar food. They've been raving about this place forever, so I recommended.  I knew we'd have a long wait not only because of this place's reputation but also because it was a Saturday night.  We waited about an hour at the bar for our table, enjoying a cold one while standing elbow to elbow with middle aged bikers, and a woman in her 50s wearing a candy necklace. The beer selection was unimpressive, but I know I'm a beer snob, so I won't hold it against them. When we did get our table, we already knew what we were going to order (after an hour of checking out the menu and being with a couple vets, it wasn't hard to decide).  The problem was that our waitress literally ignored us, going as far as going to the table right next to us and walking with her back to us while approaching and leaving their table.  It would be a good 25 minutes before our order was taken.  We each had a different "small" wings, and we split some fries and broccoli cheese popper things. The wing portions were fantastic.  The wings themselves were quite good, though the hot sauce barely registered as hot and I'm kind of a bitch when it comes to spice so you know that's saying something.  The sweet potato fries were a bit soggy, though the waffle fries were quite good.  The dipping sauces weren't bad, but not worth over $3 each.  After finishing our food and waiting almost an hour for them to come with our bill, I left with a bad taste in my mouth. Truth is, I've had better wings at places that aren't known for their wings, and I've had better service at almost anywhere.  I give them the benefit of the doubt for providing me just what I needed in this case (fried food and beer), but I can't really see going back there.
Candlelight boasts best wings in the county, and has enough newpaper clippings on its walls to prove it.  I'm really not a wing expert, but there's nothing here that makes me jump outta my chair with joy...But lacking in such an area makes me wonder if I'll ever achieve that moment... That being said -- Candlelight is a cool place to be.  It gets hopping at night -- especially the weekends, so you most DEFINITELY will wait.  In comparison to how many people you THINK Candlelight can hold, it has a relatively large parking lot.  When you walk inside, however, you realize that you have greatly over estimated how many people are in line before you and at least HALF of them had to have taken the bus.   The menu is small, but not bad.  I recommend the buffalo chicken sandwich -- with a side of water because it's a bit on the spicy side.  Speaking of, the wings come in different degrees of 'hotness' -- do yourself a favor and don't get into a pissing contest with your friends about how hot you want your wings to be.  My friend tried their hottest type and was floored (to the point where the next day she STILL was having issues with her taste buds).  Play it safe fellas... So for a comfy, cozy place that claims the best wings in the county (and delivers!) -- why only 3 stars? 1) Cash only.  No exceptions 2) I can't stress this enough -- you WILL wait to be seated 3) You will most likely be waiting among the Westchester teenager crowd -- yes, the Nextels, the tricked out cars in the parking lot, the girls who all look the same and own the same designer _____s.  This, I have to say, really tries my patience. 4) It's on Central Avenue, so if you sit outside, your conversation will be drowned out by the buses and the like that occurs.  They've put up hedges and such, but let's be real.  You're not really sitting on a patio.  You're on the sidewalk of Central Ave, 36 inches from the street.   5) Since it's such a small place (literally) there are only a few servers.  So you'll have to either flag down someone else or wait until you see your server to ask for something... Nevertheless, it's a good place to go to if you're in the area.  Just make sure you have some time on your hands...
Sorry to break the streak of awesome reviews, but this review is coming from a Vegetarian so I didn't get the try the "famous" wings. What I did try: 1.  Nachos Lite - hubbie's reaction when they came out, "WTH, the nachos you make at home are 10x better".  Basically this dish looked like "chips" that were made by breaking apart taco shells that were sitting on top of some shredded lettuce and tomatoes.  On top was a messy glob of cheese and some onions.  Why weren't the tomatoes or lettuce on top of the chips?  Honestly, I've never had nachos that were this bad.  We only ate them because we were starving. 2.  Veggie Burger - this was OK.  We appreciated they made their own burger (or it seemed like they did) instead of putting out a Morningstar burger.   The burger felt a little dry, maybe some sort of sauce besides ketchup would have helped. 3.  Fries with jalapeno cheese - we were expecting some spicy cheese!!  Instead we got what tasted like cheese wiz mixed with some non spicy jalapenos.  Maybe we could have forgiven the awful cheese if the fries were good...but they were only OK.  Wish they were crispier! Service - our waitress never came around to ask if we needed anything. Overall, I wouldn't come here again.  The wait + the food just weren't worth it in my opinion.
Really not much detail to get into.  By far, some of the best wings in New York, city or state.  Well worth traveling to Scarsdale to eat.  And well worth swinging by the bank to take cash out.  They only accept cash here.  Warning:  It's smaller than your apartment but deal with it.  Wings, waffle fries, beers....perfect place to get fat.
I haven't been here in too long. The wings are fantastic, but the other food is just okay. The place is very small, but the location is nice. I'm not sure how it would be going with a big crowd, but I was crammed in with just one other person.
yeah I agree welcome to WESTCHESTER. Yup yup, try the Chernobyl sauce on the wings. THAT SHIT IS HOT. I mean so hot, you can't even drink water to calm down the fire in your mouth. I felt like i was being tortured by someone while I waited for the pain to go away. I ate my 9 wings without the special sauce (just BBQ dipped) then one with the Chernobyl.  I didn't quite cry but I was in pain.  It is like a smart bomb that honestly goes off in your mouth, it finds the nerves and pain reactors after maybe the first 30 seconds where you don't feel the heat. I loved it though. I wanna go round two with this bad boy and really hurt myself next time.  I had to eat some pieces of bread for about ten minutes to let my mouth get back to normal and drink some room temperature Gatorade -Cash only- No Credit Cards. -Seriously, the large fries is a giant bucket, I mean three or four people could eat it.
If you want some good tasting wings definitely gotta go to Candlelight. From medium sauce to extremely hottt sauce your mouth will burn either way. The come two on one stick and can get up to about 30 wings if you really have an appetite. Besides the wings they have wraps, sandwiches, burgers,cheese fries, and a cookie with ice cream for desert. They don't have a hostess you are your own hostess; you put your name on the clipboard sheet hanging from the wall. Hopefully you don't have to wait too long for a table. But at least they have a bar to have a drink if your waiting. The room might be small but it's definitely worth the wait. The staff is friendly and try to serve you fast. They are open to 4am and if you like to take out they got takeout too!
Made the trip from RIverdale to this revered wings spot.  Great people watching after we put our name on the waiting clipboard and sipped our cheap drinks.  There was one guy who had John Travolta's "Grease" hair (even though he was about 60), a 16 year-old with a heavy load of makeup and and a heavier muffin top, and finally a 40-year old hitting on little miss eye makeup (while sporting a wedding ring).  The overheard conversations alone were worth the trip. Aside from the colorful crowd, the obvious draw is the wings.  We also had some mozz sticks which were the perfect mix of crunchy outside and hot, goey inside, along with waffle fries, which are awesome when dipped in the wing sauce.  But back to the main attraction.  The wings are exceptional.  The service was so-so.  We were waiting for the check when we noticed our waitress actually eating wings herself -- hazard of the job, I suppose! For anyone interested a clogged artery combo, hit up the Cold Stone Creamy down the road -- after you're finished downing wings, that is ;-)
The only reason that Candlelight gets four rather than five stars in that unfortunately, I have not been able to make it up there in the last several years, but still felt the need to chime in on this wonderful place. As my memory serves me, and apparently from the other reviews here, I still -- to this day -- am not wrong, that they have some of the best wings in this area.  They are what you want them to be . . . they will make them mild, medium or (as they used to to call them), Chernobyl.  I used to come here with friends, order the hottest wings possible and when the waiter would come by and ask us how our wings are, we would tell them that they were not hot enough.  We actually had the cook come out once and ask what the problem with them were -- it was quite funny actually. When I used to work in the neighborhood (a bunch of years ago), I worked the graveyard (midnight to 8AM), shift, and this place was open to like 4AM . . . when it was time for lunch, we would pick-up the phone, place an order, run to pick it up and the whole office would pig out. They also have other great items on the menu as I recall -- especially the burgers, and various other good bar type food. It is true that this place is tiny and usually you will end up waiting in line while you grab a beer and perhaps throw some cash into the jukebox, but it is well worth the wait. Looking forward to getting back up there sometime soon and treat my tastebuds to some wonderful wings.  Although this place is probably not someplace to brings the kids -- it is small and after all, it is a bar.
I love the food here!!! i come here if i am PMSing and am craving junky indulgence food!! The wings are good because they are crispy and dipped in the sauce right before they are served so the crispiness is still there.... I also enjoy their cheese fries! This is really random but their veggie burger is SOOOO goood... there are like actual chunks of vegetables in it and it actually TASTES good! But of course, it sucks because of all the obnoxious drunk kids and that you ALWAYS have to wait at least like 15 minutes. Also, when it gets crowded, they WILL sit you at a table that is literally only like 1 inch away from another group of people.
Great sweet potato fries - served with gravy, to somewhat replicate Canada's poutine dish. But what's the deal with the wings? They taste just fine, dont' get me wrong - but I don't understand the hype. I don't think they taste all that different from buffalo wild wings, but perhaps I got the wrong sauce? Is there some secret? What I do appreciate is that Candlelight Inn has an entirely separate building for take-out orders, since the main restaurant is small and becomes quickly packed, especially on a weekend. I've never seen that done before, so A+ to Candlelight Inn for adapting to customer needs. I'll return if I ever figure out what the secret/correct style for my wing order.
I came here because of all the great reviews and I was really craving good wings, but I left hugely disappointed.  I don't understand what the big deal is about this place and particularly why people think the wings are so special.  The sauce is nothing to talk about, the meat is squishy and the bone is still bloody.  Disgusting.  The food quality here bested easily by other bars. The building has a nice log cabin feel and the waitresses/bar girls are nice, though the place is really small and crowded.  But honestly, "hole in the wall?" It's a friggin house!  I found it really weird that even though this place is tiny, there was absolutely no bar vibe to it.  This is no "biker bar."  It's like eating at a cramped McDonalds (actually, if you've been to a Giordanos restaurant in Chicago, it's like that).  It wasn't exciting at all - just sort of like a murmur of people talking and dishes clanking.  They deliver locally.
5 stars for a MAJOR reason...every draft I ordered came in a frosty, cold, clean glass. Darn good wings, burgers, fries, chili....took half of everything home and it was just as awesome the next morning (burp) ummm...excuse me :-) yeah it's crowded, and I'm sure waits can be long but, that's for a reason (burp again)...excuse me twice takeout and delivery available for those who don't wish to deal with the wait/atmosphere and for the lazy who never wander out (burp) damn Imma pig
Great vintage feel, friendly staff and fun atmosphere.  This place fills up fast, with a small dining area that can get very cramped. I'm not really a regular, so this review is based of my last two visits. Monday - 1/6/2014: I had just gotten out of work and one of my friends wanted to sit down and catch up.  We came here since its one of the few places open late near White Plains that still serves food after 11PM.  I wasn't that hungry, so I just ordered the beer-battered onion rings. My friend ordered a burger with cheese fries on the side.  Our food took roughly 20 minutes and the portions were generous. His burger and fries looked great - my food, on the other hand, was just okay. The onion rings were not fresh - they're too uniform in shape and size so they were obviously previously frozen.  But they were cheap and I was hungry. Today - 1/11/2014: I came here with another friend because we wanted to grab a bite before going bowling.  Since its a Saturday,  it was REALLY crowded, but we were seated in around 5 minutes.  I was really fiending for a burger and ordered a medium-well 6 oz. patty with hot cherry peppers,  onions, garlic and bacon.  IIt also asked for lettuce.  It was still pretty busy, so our food took a little while.  When I finally did get my burger, my friend made the joke and said that my burger looked like sandpaper.  It was actually kind of dry, which leads me to believe that it was well-done instead of medium-well. I think that our waitress misheard me about the lettuce, thinking that I said "no lettuce". The extra ingredients that I asked for were ill proportioned - almost no hot cherry peppers, a little garlic, a few onions, and I had actually forgotten about the bacon until I tasted it towards the end of me finishing my burger. Again, mediocre. If I do end up back here again, I'll just stick to the wings.
Fond memories and good food? This place is open til 3am most nights of the year, I think Easter, Christmas, Thanksgiving, all of the goodies, where after family time you are looking for an escape. Thank god for the Candlelight! I've been sneaking out to eat here since I was 14.  There are things I *love* here: The Philly cheese. The lite nachos (just has lettuce, tomatoes and cheese.  I don't know why it's awesome, but it is).  Their chicken soup that will nurse the near-dead back to life.  I've had so many friends work here over time.  At the end of the night I need a snack - broccoli cheddar bites, wings (my favorite is hot teriyaki - not on the menu), plate of waffle fries with melted cheddar and gravy (a NY staple). I brought my boyfriend back with me once and he was shocked at how normal the prices for drinks/shots were.  Excitedly shocked. I don't know if it's the amazing food, familiar faces or the fact that my parents looked at this place with disdain (it's a regular biker hangout) and wouldn't allow me to go when I was younger that draws my happy tummy, but I try to go at least once every time I am home.
First of all, to everyone that rated Candlelight 3 stars or lower: I will find you.   Candlelight Inn is home to the most incredible wings you will ever taste.  As soon as you enter you'll see an eclectic mix of people - young and old, students, white collar and blue collar.  All here to share in the common bond of the best wings in the freaking world.  These are conversation stopping wings.  Entire tables will go silent as they devour these winged goodies.   One bite into their delicious wings (mild, hot, very hot, Chernobyl) and you will find out why this place has one of the most fiercely loyal customer-base in the tri-state area.  The wings are fried to perfection giving the skin a crispness that is just right while the meat remains tender and juicy.  The buttery, spicy sauce is heaven and is so good, when you are done with your meal you just want to dip your hand in the pool of leftover sauce in your bowl and smear it all over your face.  It's that good. Be sure to get a Ray's Special (sliced italian bread with melted mozzarella cheese and pepperoni slices) or their cheese fries.  Throw in an ice cold beer or soda and you have the world's most perfect late night meal.   As an added bonus, there are a couple of really cute waitresses there.  Those of you that have been here know what (and who) I am talking about hahaha. I would say the one downside is the wait.  The place is almost always packed (though I will happily wait for these wings - they are worth it) and you can wait up 45 minutes to get seated.  People have always wanted them to buy the place next door so they could expand.  And this past year they finally did! But they only use it for outgoing deliveries and pickups! Such a disappointment after all that hope.  But hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. Why did I just quote Shawshank?
I'd have to say this is one of my favorites spots to drop by. A "down and dirty" place is what I would call it. The place itself is tiny. Bar area for those who want a quick drink and a main seating area that can hold anywhere from 40-50 people. The wait is the only downfall, sometimes up to or more than 1 hour but I feel it's well worth it. Staff is nice, especially if your a regular and get to know them. There is also some outdoor seating which is nice for the summertime. The wings are to die for. Teriyaki based, BBQ, Hot, & Chernobyl are the style of wings but without a doubt my favorite would have to be the mix of teriyaki & hot. Cheese burgers, Philly cheese stake, Taco's & nachos are just a few of the other favorites. This place is nothing fancy, but it's a great local wing place where you can get good food for a good price. THE WAIT IS WORTH IT ! oh ! and Cash Only
Overrated! Thats really all I though after eating here.  I wanted to like it, in fact I totally thought I was going to love it.  Entering the bar area where about four people can pony up to, we were seated rather quickly.  I was shocked that the place can only hold about 20 people.  This place is always packed, the parking lot alone makes you believe that more than double that can fit. The food was ok.  It didn't make me go crazy in the least.  Pub food thats about it.  Honestly the only wings I crave are at the Chicken or the Egg on LBI, NJ.  If I want wings in Westchester I'd never wait 20 min here much less over an hour.  I'd rather go to Hurricane or Bdubs.
I hadn't been to the Candlelight in about six or seven years, when I worked in the area. Since then, my time has been split between working in Manhattan, and travelling all over for work. Sadly, I have not found wings anywhere quite like those at the Candlelight. So, I was glad to find on my return that very little had changed. Except that it might have been even more crowded than I remember (if that is physically possible) Burgers and beers were good as always, but the main attraction for me is the wings. They have an addictive, almost buttery flavor. I've sampled wings all over the place, but I've found that the CL's wings have a unique flavor I love. On the strength of wings alone, I'd give it five stars, but I'll leave it at four due to our extremely inattentive waitress. She was considerable younger than the other "sassy" waitresses, and seemed mostly interested in chatting with a table of her friends. I don't mind a casual waitstaff at all -  what is unforgivable is not being able to to get a beer (or in the case of one of her other tables, some ketchup).
Reasons which bring me to the 'Light time and again: ------------------------------------ I like chicken wings Reasons I avoid the 'Light: ------------------------------------ I am a grown man I enjoy eating in a relatively quiet environment I do not like to be forced into watching television no matter which way I turn my head I don't like being in an incredibly small, crowded room I don't like food that is overly greasy or that causes me to suffer digestively I have a low tolerance for rich suburban kids who act gangster I am not an alcoholic I enjoy eating fresh vegetables and healthy foods I like going places where I can bring my child I don't like teeny bathrooms where I wouldn't let my dog eat off the floor. I don't like having to wait 45+ minutes to sit down. I'm weary of low grade food shops next door to animal kennels. The list goes on and on.... So, you may be wondering why I gave it 5 stars...Those are some good goddamn wings; that's why.
As other people have stated you really come here for the wings as they have pretty much the best wings in Westchester.  They have a number of different sauces from mild to Chernobyl which to me is too strong and overwhelms the taste of the wings.  The wings are juicy and thick and not at all like the ones at a typical bar or chain as some have compared.  I've had the burgers here too and they're pretty good though I'd prefer City Limits Diner for burgers any day and their fries are just okay. Basically, what it comes down to is if you like wings a lot then you'll love this place but if it's not really your thing then you'll probably won't appreciate the typical hour wait to get a seat.
Wing sauce - top notch. Wings are fantastic, albeit sometimes a little small, but crispy even drenched. I lived in Buffalo for 7 years, and the wings here are still tough to beat. A surprisingly delightful special menus, with lots of choices that may really catch you off guard. Tuna pasta salad? yeah - it's great. You see fajitas on the specials? GET THEM. I'm telling you, the specials are really something. Top notch bar food, a couple generic-ish choices. Fingers are on the small side, but tasty. Burgers are surprisingly juicy and flavorful, but don't expect too much more than the basic burger. Fries are pretty good, but melt some cheese on top with a side of wing sauce and now you have freedom fry nirvana. Grilled chicken dishes - don't sleep on them. They know how to cook what they put on the menu. Chili is fantastic on a cold day. Soups are usually great. Even the veggie burger was great. I've tried everything on the menu. I have never been disappointed. Service is just fine - maybe it's because I've been going there for so long. Barkeeps are entertaining, as are most of the regulars. You'll get an eclectic mix of high schoolers from the surrounding areas to college kids coming back to visit, to the guys who used to be those kids, to older townies. It's pretty fun to watch everyone mash up into the finite amount of space there is. The jukebox needs a little refresh, however. I might shoot myself if I hear "Don't Stop, Believin'" again.
I've gotten wings from here twice and I have to say they are only so-so. Let me explain a bit: Candlelight's sauce is phenomenal. It's tasty and creamy and it's one of the best I've tried. The problem lies with the wings themselves. The wings candlelight uses are large by chicken wing standards, and a bit dry. The amount if sauce they pour over these extra-large wings is not enough- and believe me it would take a whole bucket of sauce to cover up how dry they are. Both times we've eaten from there we say the same thing- like the sauce but not the wings. I REALLY wanted to like this place, but I just can't bring myself to give it more than 3 stars. Smaller juicer wings with their sauce would be a winning combination!
Wings are of course great - that's what everyone is yelping about, isn't it? I like the appropriateness of the naming of the wings. Hot is actually hot, but not very hot. Extra Hot is actually very hot and Chernobyl is stupid hot. The menu tells you each wing is 2 pieces, but I didn't get it until they came out. The wings are whole with only the tips cut off. 6 wings doesn't seem like a lot, but it adds up. So 6 wings is the normal 12 wings which becomes an entire meal; this means the cheese fries with gravy that you got will probably be too much and you'll have to share.   Waffle fries are better than the regular steak fries, in my HO. I added on mozzarella and gravy and now I dream about it. I only wish it was close to anything. Great drinking food. Take my keys.
Awesome wings, but the wait time can make it not worth it occasionally. On a Friday/weekend, I don't think the wait is worth it but if you can sneak in on a weekday night, it's great.
[wings review] Maximum burn (chernobyl): **** (++) Maximum burn (extra hot): ** (+-) Texture: a little dry (-) Flavor: _mostly_ tasty (+) These wings might be incredible for scarsdale, westchester, or white plains.  But i trekked out from NYC to visit this place, and i was honestly hoping for something more. Their juiciness was mediocre.  Frankly, i have juicier options at average bars, just up the street, without the need to bicycle 48 miles for a trip to scarsdale.  But what the average bars can't give me is a spicy sauce that suits my (perhaps insensitive) palate. I'll just come out and say it -- i thought the chernobyl sauce was hot, which is a rare claim for me.  I finished every piece, and my lips burned deliciously until i went to sleep that night.  Before bed, i was wishing i didn't have to remove my contacts.  These good signs aside, there was still something off about it. The thing is, the chernobyl sauce doesn't _taste_ that great.  The "extra hot" sauce tastes excellent, but the burn didn't impress me (it was on par with many of the "hotter" buffalo wing options around NYC, but that doesn't mean much).  From what i can tell, the taste discrepancy comes from the chernobyl sauce having capsaicin (it's what makes chilis spicy) added to it, which would explain the slightly chemical taste and the lack of proper spicy burn distribution, resulting in an overall feel that was less like that of a chili, and more like that of an acid. My advice, if you like it hot, is to follow the waitress's recommendation, and get the wings in "extra hot" sauce, with chernobyl on the side -- not because the chernobyl will be too hot for you, but because it'll simply taste better that way.
Not the best ambience, but the wings are what give this place 5 stars. I dare you to order the Chernobyl wings! Parking sucks, cash only sucks, but the wings are terrific!
Best wings in Westchester
Candlelight serves essentially glorified fast food. Really, really good fast food. However, it certainly isn't fast. Candlelight serves traditional American: burgers, wings, etc. The waffle fries are a treat; they taste just like the fries at the U.S. Open but cost a third of the price. Candlelight Inn is a relaxed, dark and dingy house abutting Central Avenue in Scarsdale. If you prefer to sit outside like me, you'll have a great view of . . . Central Avenue. At least there are some shrubs. Candlelight specializes in basic American comfort food, and does it very well. My burger came with fresh lettuce and was a treat. Everything is relaxed here: the decor, the people, the food, and certainly the service. Now, my friends are Candlelight experts, and they swear to me that our visit was a real outlier, but the waitress (or the kitchen, who knows?) completely bungled our order. My cheeseburger with lettuce turned into a hamburger with lettuce and barbecue sauce; my friend's barbecue cheeseburger turned into just a cheeseburger, and all our food came out in fits and spurts, one plate at a time. Of course, as soon as our waitress took our order we never saw her again. Instead, a wonderfully helpful older waitress sorted out our order (she had been remarking "I can't believe you haven't gotten your orders" for at least ten minutes) and took care of us like we were her grandchildren. However, her great help doesn't completely remediate the inordinate time it took to cook up a few burgers, and the fact that they actually messed up the order is even more upsetting. But, as I said, my friends claim that nothing like that had ever happened to them, and the woman who sorted out the issue blamed the mix-up on the shift change in the kitchen. Whatever. The point is, we had an unusual service experience that really sucked. The food was really good; my friend devoured his wings so quickly that he looked like a savage. I would recommend Candlelight. You'll find plenty of good food, though nothing good for you.
Hanging in Westchester since a few friends live there now, decided to hit up this wing spot they frequent often.   All I can comment on are the Hot wings and waffle fries w/jalapeno cheese.  Well the wings are like everyone has been saying - crispy outside, juicy inside, and VERY meaty. Probably 2x the meat compared to Buffalo Wild Wings.. they just don't have the extensive sauce list. But I would come here often if it were closer... just a great, small wing place. Only thing that sucked is that it was so crowded we had to wait for a while to dine in that small dining room.
Small space, long wait (expect a minimal of one hour if you're visiting on a weekend evening after 5pm. Minimal), burgers, wings and cheese fries, all the style and quality of food you would find at most pubs or beachside boardwalks. The servers were friendly and helpful, when we saw them. Take into consideration however the crowd which frequents this tiny bar/restaurant before you visit. The demographic is Jersey Shore viewership or older, hard-scrabbled types who seem to know their ways around a bar fight or two. Rough, gruff, very little about the experience here could be described as "pleasant" or "fun", and you're not going to interact with many here who do things like smile and say hello, ...or read books. Two stars for the somewhat friendly servers - but okay bar food with an hour-plus wait and tiny, cramped space where Snooki's still-wet-from-the-shower hair is brushing up against you as you wait miserably for a tiny seat to have hardened fried chicken wings with a bottle of orange sauce poured over them to hide the burn marks doesn't a good night make.
So far, the best hot wings that I've had in the NYC metro area! Pros: The saucy hot wings and freedom fries AND the separate take-out area for quick pickup Cons: The unusually long wait for a table and small parking area AND the CASH-ONLY policy All-in-all, still worth the wait and inconvenience if you're a fan of HEAT and WINGS and Fries w/ gravy
Solid, but almsot a little overrated and definitely overpriced at this point.  Great wings though and not much matches the hot teryaki wings and nothing beats the cookie ala mode with some vanilla ice cream.  Solid spot.
This place is small and cozy -- it used to be an old house! Candlelight has some of the best wings and it's no surprise -- it gets extremely crowded on the weekends. So saddle up to the bar and order yourself a drink and write your name on the clipboard. There's minimal seating with small tables and chairs. When the weather is nice, eat outside on the "porch." the kitchen is open late and the food is always tasty. The crowd is very mixed -- ranging from the college kids, the teens, and the older folks. Somehow, it all meshes pretty well and a good time is had by all.
Come see me back in high school. And I'd give this place 5 stars. Now. Honestly only three. Candlelight is nothing to really brag about. It's an old school bar/restaurant with so so service (because they can attitude). The food is well average. Don't get me wrong the wings are wonderful same with the waffle fries and chili but they are cash only. Which means over priced and probably some book cooking. Beer selection is average. The wait can be outraged. Tables are too clumped up and go with just your self an one other and you may get stuck in the middle next to another couple. Which makes for an awkward dinner especially eating wings which can get messy. Great food. More of a Westchester hype by the county residence. Freedom Fries too. (what did the French really do to you?)
Chernobyl Wings - 'Nuff said! Only kidding... this place hands down has the best chicken wings in Westchester County.  I've always had the Chernobyl wings - but I've been with friends that have ordered other levels of the buffalo style wings, and they've always enjoyed them too. I've been coming here for years, and I've never been disappointed by the wings, or by any of the other good comfort food they serve here.  This place is always hopping, so, be prepared to wait for a table, or to jockey for a position at the bar - but, the wait will be worth it!   Dante, the bartender, is very friendly and attentive. Oh - bring cash - this is a cash only restaurant. I will be back the next time I get the urge to work up a sweat while eating awesome wings.
Such a dive bar type of place. The wings were not anything impressive. I went there because people kept mentioning it. What a major mistake. The people that were there that evening were beyond rude and disrespectful. The food was ehh at best. It looks dirty! It's not well lit probably to mask how gross it is. I will never, ever, ever go back.
Hot teriyaki wings & waffle fries with jalapeno cheese! Literally order the same thing every time I go. The wings are crispy & saucy at the same time, and the fries are super crispy and served nice & hot! Perfection. I've been going here since high school, as this place is a bit of an institution in the area. They're open late, too! Until 3am, I think? Perfect place for late night munchies. The only complaint I have is that it gets sooo crowded. Sometimes the wait just takes forever. Thankfully, you can distract your hungry stomach by playing some Photo Hunt on those little game machines while you wait! For some reason the erotic version is a lot easier than the regular. Is it just me? Oh.. and it's cash only.
Visited candlelight last night for a quick dinner being that it was one of the only places open at 9pm on a Sunday. The woman who  took my order over the phone must have been multitasking because  she sounded distracted  and had trouble with my small order (2 tacos just beef 2 tacos regular and fries)   I picked up my order and decided to eat outside in their tent. When I discovered cheese in my supposed to be plain tacos I brought them back inside   When I got inside I saw 4 young guys in addition to  a young girl answering the phone and another woman, presumably the one who took my order  standing behind the counter texting and talking with the others behind the counter. When I told the young girl about the cheese she  looked at my tacos and said "there's cheese on them?" When I assured her there was indeed cheese on the bottom of the tacos she asked for my receipt. Upon looking at my receipt she then asked me where the other 2 tacos were, when I said they came in a seperate container  and that they were fine she actually said "can you bring them to me?" When I understandably confused asked her why she would need to see the other 2 tacos and that they came out how I ordered them she reluctantly agreed to give me two new tacos.  All in all this just put a bad taste in my mouth over $3 tacos that probably cost them 50 cents to make. Will really consider not going back for takeout after this terrible customer service
Good Buffalo Wings are so hard to come by and easy to mess up. Overfried, underfried, overbuttered, underbuttered, NONBUTTERED, spice is too sour, not spicy enough, too spicy, too much sauce, not enough sauce, NO SAUCE, and ever-so-hurtful chicken is not fresh to name a few ways to butcher this American staple I have had my fair share of buffalo wings of the past 16 years of my 22 year old life and so far, this place is a Moby Dick is a land of tiny goldfish--big portions,affordable, and  tasty food. I came here with a friend after we both heard of the place via word of mouth. "Try the waffle fries!....try the buffalo wings!" We tried both. We split amongst the two of us two orders of 10 wings-- thats 10 wings per person for you lazy mathematicians out there. 10 of which were extra hot, 5 of which were hot, and 5 of which...were the dreaded Chernobyl. Pricing? $13.50 for a medium delivers both the leg and wing (counted as one piece but is in reality two)...so overall you're paying for 20 pieces PER PERSON. One bite into any of these three varieties and one thing is forsure--the chicken is fresh, just from the frier and well-seasoned. Not too much acidity, but not too much spice either. They are great with blue cheese sauce. The waffle fries were hot, crispy, well-seasoned and fluffy. They melt in your mouth after one bite into them. TIP: they are a bit scant on the blue cheese sauce, so you may want to ration and allocate the sauce to last an entire meal. TIP#2: Avoid the Chernobyl, unless you're a masochist...er, I meant idiot. It really ruins the flavor and definition of the buffalo wing....not to mention your taste buds for a few minutes. Never before and never again. .5 star deduction Staff? A few times it seemed like they ignored my friend and I when we were trying to order additional rounds of beers. Hence .5 star deduction. This is the place to go with some friends, shoot the s***, down some beers and eat some wings. Thumbs up.
Four stars only because the dining area is cramped, and rendered practically intolerable by its proximity to Jukebox-abusing drunks. That night, I did not have the BAC required to enjoy hearing Bohemian Rhapsody for the 173847238472389th time. But the wings -- ooh, baby, those wings. The drumettes themselves are pretty standard. No major upgrades in that department; there are, after all, only so many ways you can throw chicken parts into a fryer. But the sauce that coats them turns basic poultry into spicy, vinegary, buttery heaven. Eating wings is a primal activity to start out with, but the way I was gnawing on those little bones, you'd think I were a hyena with a meth addiction. I ordered the Hot for my first try, and will be scaling the heat up on successive visits, I think. You have my respect, Candlelight Inn. And I am a hard wing-eater to please.
When one thinks wings you think of a leg and a drumstick coated in sauce and may or may not be ok. When you go to this place, you get the real deal. The whole entire wing, fried, coated, buttered, the way a wing was meant to be eaten. The way they do it right in Buffalo, NY but closer to home. Their waffle fries also are pretty awesome. But serious the wings are what you go for. Sure there's a wait, and maybe you get a to go order, but definitely top 3 wing places of all time on my list.
Best wings by far in Westchester. The Candlelight Inn is a great place to go if you want a good American lunch or dinner. Beware though, because the wait is usually ridiculously long. However, the wait is worth it...this place is great!
There's two things that excite me in a restaurant, cheap good wine, and a juke box - so we are 95% there - cheap wine + juke box = FUN!!! A darling of all who live around here long enough to know that this place has been churning out happy patrons for ages and continues to do so. Whether you're inside or outside it's a lot of fun! And the food is great! There's not much more that I can ad to this review what others haven't completely covered already. If you haven't been there, you MUST go and check it out.
The Candlelight Inn simply owns. It is an old school biker bar but these days it is frequented by young drunks and guidos. Like someone mentioned below, it is pretty much a bar with a small dining area attached (12 tables maybe?). Anyway, that being said, stay away from this place on busy nights because it fills up quick. The atmosphere is extremely casual, filled with a few TVs perched on the walls and advertisements of sports and beer. It is famous for its Buffalo Wings. You used to get 12 with an order but with these tough economic times they have down sized to 10. The most popular wings are hot wings (ranging from mild to chernobyl) and teriyaki. They have several other types too. You can mix any of their sauces together to enjoy the best of all wing worlds. These wings are easily the best I've ever had and you have got to try them to believe me. I strongly recommend the cheddar cheese fries with gravy. This is a hidden gem at the light. Order it and you will be hooked forever. The menu has all kinds of stuff that people enjoy also (burgers, waffle fries, garlic bread, balboas, buffalo chicken sandwiches, the list goes on..). As noted above, the crowd and lack of space at this bar have many avoiding this place but it is very convenient to call in an order and pick it up. So don't deprive yourself of the Candlelight. If you are in the area this place is a must try and I do not give 5 stars out lightly.
Really like this place a lot.  It's open late and serves great wings/burger/fries type fare.  I especially love the wings.  They give you a generous portion for a reasonable price.  The place has several beers on tap and the atmosphere is relaxed, sports-bar type place. I personally recommend the teriyaki wings, but haven't had any wings that I didn't like yet.  The burgers are really tasty and cooked just right. Also, don't forget they do take-out and delivery! Only note of caution is that they do not take reservations and so if you hit the typical late evening dinner rush you might wait awhile if you have a larger party.
HELP, WHAT DID THE JOSH K. REVIEW SAY? IM going to Wing It ( Pardon the Pun ) unlike him,I'll be short and sweet: Your here for the Wings, possibly the burger and NOTHING ELSE! PS. It's best to come here drunk".................
First off, this place has to be living on it's charm and reputation - nothing more.  Wings are good, but far from the best.  The waffle fries and onion rings are great though!   Service is lacking because they're always busy and the servers are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  Shitty beer menu for a place that serves wings.  No IPA's.. really?  REALLY?  Why don't they have something from Captain Lawrence brewing co. in their regular rotation? I'm surprised they don't have some sort of "wing night" like most wing joints.
Seriously the best buffalo wings you can have. There are some places that come close but this is the benchmark. The prices are really cheap which is good and bad. This place definitely has a following with the younger crowd. It's a small place with minimum decor which adds to part of the charm. Be prepared to wait awhile because of the limited seating and popularity. Bring some quarters for the touch screen games or hang out at the bar. I recommend the wings(hot), rays special(garlic bread w cheese and marinara sauce) and their shakes(haagen daz). You are better off eating in or taking out to the picnic benches near the parking lot. Otherwise by the time you get home it'll be soggy and not crispy.
I went to college in a neighboring Westchester town for two years, so sorry if my bias seeps through. I have spent lots of money and time with some of my favorite people in this place. The wait can be long, even at 1:30 am, but it's always worth it. The wings are among the best I've ever had. Crispy and delicious with perfect buffalo sauce. A large order is a great size for two people and the waffle fries are incredible. Save room for dessert, because the "cookie a la mode" is a perfect way to cap off a meal. I'll be honest, I have never been here and not gotten wings. I can't comment on the menu and who knows, maybe the quality of the food suffers greatly beyond wings and fries. But I do know the wings are wonderful, and the vibe with a group of close friends is even better. If you're in the area, you'd be downright silly to not come by.
Wings are awesome, except they seemed to have gotten smaller in the past years.  Smaller, and they give less, and charge more.   But it's local, and opened late for all the drunk saturday nighters to come in for fast food munchies. I despise the wait though.  I'd rather go to the local pub and order wings than wait for the line here.  I've waited an hour plus before, while touching some skeevy old man, and a pervy little kid, because there is NO room to stand here. But the cookie a la mode...MmM.. They warm up the cookie too.
Some of the most delicious wings I've ever had. However, I can only give Candlelight 3 stars because I am not a fan of the atmosphere. - The wait can be very long at times. There isn't really much room to stand and wait either, so I have had to wait outside on several occasions. - It is ROWDY. I feel like Candlelight gets taken over by high school kids who just got their driver's license. - CRAMPED. There isn't much room to breathe.
This place is great, but yeah it can get VERY VERY BUSY. I will have to say i feel like the quality of the wings have diminished over the years. They're just not the same as back in the day, but they are still quality wings. The sauces are spicyyyy and pack a nice flavor. I love their waffle fries too. It's cool that they deliver to neighboring areas. This place can get crazy during the superbowl, so you should place an order like a week in advance to prep them. The wings here are jointed, where as most places separate the two wing pieces, this place keeps it whole which makes it unique and special. They fry the wings to perfection and then slather on the hot sauce. The balboa sandwich is ehhh whatever. I don't really need it. Just get the fries and wings here and some beer and you'll be a happy customer.
Winner: Most overrated wings in Westchester. The skin is wet and slippery. Yes, the wing sauce is good. Decent outdoor patio in the warmer months.
Candlelight Inn was the first place I hit up on my roadtrip to Cali. Candlelight Inn itself is a hole-in-the-wall institution, with a dingy interior. My friend ordered us a large wings of Hot and Teriyaki mixed and a small order of fries. The wings typically come partially joined; the joints that connect the "drum" and the "wing" are separated, but they are still connected by the skin. This makes the frying surface area that much larger which means more crunch. The sauce was one of the best sauces I've had ever. Most "hot" sauces only have heat while most "flavored" sauces lack heat; this sauce had the perfect mix of flavor and heat. Most of the wings were plump, but some of the wings that weren't joined were on the skimpier side and thus were more prone to drying out. Overall though, probably the best wings I've ever had. The french fries were crinkle cut and actually tasted like potatoes. The first fry shocked me, since I was use to my fries tasting like oil and salt, but it was definitely a good change. The fries were just thick enough to have a fluffy interior while still having a crunchy exterior snap. Highly recommended.  Check it out.
If it weren't so far (we live across the Tappan Zee), we'd probably come here more often.  My boyfriend swears by this place for their wings - claims that they're the best. Period. Me, I like their wings.  Not sure if they're the best, but I have to say, the food here is great - cheap, fried comfort food grill standards like grilled cheeses, burgers, tuna melts (sorry, I have a soft spot for tuna melts), and really really excellent fries. This place is tiny - little bar area that is usually packed on weekends because of folks watching sports at the bar and the 1000 people waiting to be seated in the almost-as-tiny dining room.  The wait is usually long - it's worth getting a beer and claiming a chair if you can.  You sign up on a little pad by the dining room door (be ready to be intimidated by the long list of uncrossed-out names before yours).  Stay near the door so you can hear the waitress call your name - the bar area is loud.  The food *is* good though.  It's worth a visit, even if it's only once, cos this place is an institution.
There is a lot of hype over this place. Yes, it is a place that has good food. It is also very crowded most of the time and has an old-time feeling. It's got that kind of character where you enter a den for some chicken wings (which they're known for) and fries etc. Their tacos are very good. However, I didn't buy into the hype of them being one of the most delicious chicken wings in the world. There's something lacking. The service is good too. The atmosphere is awesome. I think they've accomplished making a name for themselves by hit-and-miss situations. Unfortunately, my chicken wings were not always spot-on however they were good. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here as some of my friends do. I think it's more about having a novelty for some people. 3/5 for Food 4/5 for Service 4/5 for atmosphere 3/5 for Food Quality 3/5 for overall experience.
These are Buffalo Wings. Everything else you've ever eaten was just trying to be like this. They may not be the absolute best wings you've ever had...that kind of comparison is hard to make. But they will absolutely be among the best you've ever had, and reliably so. I like heat, but I also like to taste the flavor, so I recommend the Hot wings as opposed to medium, or on the other hand, Chernobyl. The waffle fries also should not be missed, particularly when paired with the jalepeno cheese dip. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Any wing fan should try Candlelight Inn. If it's not the best wings you've had, it will at least inform your decision on what is the best.
Simply....great wings! All of there wings no matter the variety were excellent.  It is nothing fancy and is basically a bar with a room attached, but they nail the wings and they may be the best I have ever had. certainly the Best in Westchester....HANDS DOWN! I will go out of my way to have these wings again!
Bundled up under the sheets, I was halfway to dreamland when my roommate walked in and asked, 'do you remember that wings place I was telling you about? I'm heading there right now, wanna come?' Uh. Hell yes. I dragged my pajama clad self out of bed and ran after him. The roommate's best friend, who currently lives in Asia, always says 'EFF YOU YOU BASTARD' when the roomie tells him he's going to Candlelight so I was expecting some epic noms. You know that it's going to be good when you walk in and there are guys who look like they'd never leave their couch (and Sports Center) sauntering out rubbing their bellies. 'You're going to want to wash your hands cos you'll be licking your fingers,' the roomie said. 'Uh, no, I'm a lady! I don't do that!' I insisted. I did that. We opted for the 10 piece buffalo wings each (with hot sauce because  frankly 2 in the morning is a little early to try the Chernobyl and spend the rest of the early cracks of dawn crying like a baby) and the fries with mozzarella and gravy on the side (poutine people, poutine!) The wings were drenched in sauce but were somehow completely crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside and the blue cheese dressing was mild and didn't overpower like most blue cheese  concoctions do. Truly finger lickin' good. (Sorry Colonel Sanders) My only issue is that it's so stinking far but I will definitely trekking back up for those wings again and again and again. Oh and feeling gross and bloated the next day from eating so late at night and passing out? WORTH IT.
Thank Goodness they had the sense to make a seperate building for takeout.  Twenty minutes after we sat down the place was packed to capacity.  If you don't get here early it just sucks. Most items on the menu are good, incase you're religion doesn't allow you to eat chicken legs.  The alcohol I thought was a bit expensive for so-so cocktails.  Good overall selection for bar food though, to indulge in on a day off. This is a wham, bam, eat and run kind of place.  Everywhere is cramped and ironically there is not a single candle in sight, unless dining outside in the summertime.   The wings are so fricken good I wanted to lick my friends' hands after we finished!
Candlelight is the destination for 2AM after bar food. Don't get me wrong, in high school I frequented this place on the regular. But now it's a once in a blue moon visit, primarily for chicken fingers rolled in hot sauce and waffle fries with jalapeno cheese sauce. It's not a gourmet meal, but it usually hits the spot!
Best wings in Westchester.  The wings have great flavor, good size and plenty of heat if you want it.  Just tried BBQ (as oppossed to the traditional Buffalo) and they were excellent as well.  Waffle fries, burgers and all other apps/sides have been fantastic as well. Service is super efficient.
Candlelight has the best wings and waffle fries.  I never understand how people can go there and not order the wings - they are just too good! The reason I can't give this place 5 stars is due to cash only and the tight parking.  I rarely have cash and I often go here on a whim.  Driving on Central Ave is already a pain - but driving to an ATM and then going there can be annoying. I also find the parking to be too tight sometimes. The wait is LONG - but this is to be expected - it is popular and a tiny place.   Typically we only do take out to avoid the wait.  It is a much easier route to go.  Now that they opened up a second building next door - it should be easier to do take out and not have to fight through a crowd.
This place is a dive, walk in, dont make eye contact with anyone at the bar and put your name on the list to sit down in the gorgeous dining hall with their wood tables and cramped sitting area (dont forget the always smiling wait staff). Seriously, WHO CARES about the prior paragraph because this place delivers on the FOOD. WINGS - I've had'em from Buffalo to Texas and Candlelight owns every single one of them.  From the "secret" extra crispy or the standard, these hot wings are so good. The fries are great, and the standout item for me, is the POTATO SKINS that are cut non-tradition and they serve you two large scoops of potato, bacon and cheese! LOVE THIS PLACE Hopefully i'll remember to get my super bowl order in earlier this year :)
I love this place and have been going there for many years!   Always a wait...be sure to sign in on the sign-in board and make sure your whole party is there when your name is called!   Good food, great prices and lots of fun! The wings and the chili are excellent!
Drenched in a sea of beer and sauce bursts forth the great Candle Light Inn. Formerly owned by a Marine, this maroon painted abode sits next to a Jeweler and a parking lot crammed with breathalyzer equipped cars. Yes, there are rowdy drunkards and trouble makers about until closing time (2AM I believe). The regular patrons of candle light. It's the last restaurant in Westchester where you'd want to tag along your kids. From a broader perspective, it's just like a privately owned hooters, yet with more of a sheepishly loud shibazz. The cost for the chow is comparatively cheap as well. Before sunset, this restaurant sits diners in their finger nail sized dining room. It's a pandemonium during most times, but you can always settle for the outside patio; it's especially nice to sip and smell the air here. If it's all full and you're of-the-age, you can sit next to a morbidly obese guy from North Yonkers who just had more than enough drinks at the bar. I'm pretty sure they have enough varieties of ale & licorice liquid to keep people seated in front of the bartender for hours. After sunset, it's begins to get loose as more drinks are poured. Pimple covered college kids find their way here. Regular patrons come to get drunk again as part of their addiction. Famished residents stop by to pick up grub at the separately constructed pickup house. Food. It's amazing here. The first time I was here, I was nine years old and ready to eat some chicken wings. My pops took me to this place where people wheezed cigarettes outside throughout the night. We walked in, got seated right next to a table full of brainless diners, and ordered a twenty platter of chicken wings. They were the most delightful & saucy chicken arms I've had IN MY LIFE. Box that up with a couple of mundane celery sticks and a tiny tub of bleu cheese. Then you're set for a night without hunger nor despair. Burgers, too (Although that's not their specialty). Wraps & other tasty things (You get the point - it's all in the wings)! So you're mission as a reader is: 1) Drive here sober 2) Find parking (It's fairly easy) 3) Get a table without rubbing elbows with morons 4) Order cerveza 5) Order chicken wings (And a ton of it with their epic sauce) 6) Chow down 7) Pay up 8) Leave satisfied
