I've been here several times, and it never disappoints. My friends and I enjoy great barbecue, especially when it's not already slathered in sauce. The dry rub used on their meat is excellent, especially on their wings. There was an instance where they didn't have the cornbread, but other than that, great service. I'd give the place a second chance if you've only been once. I'm a true believer in that.
I read other reviews and their website stating they may run out of things later in the day.  I figured what do I have to lose?  I had a $50 gift certificate.  My wife and I arrived around 7:30 and our first impressions was that this was a small establishment with around 15 tables.  We sat ourselves down and took a look at the menu.  They give you a beer list with the menu which lists all the beers they have on draft and in bottles.  What I like is that the list not only has the name of the beer but describes each one so you can make a preferred choice.  I wish most places would do this instead of having to question the server who more than once in my expereince has no clue.  They also have wine available if you so choose like my wife.   We were ready to place our order and I ordered the full rack of ribs for $26. Not so fast! They don't have enough left for a full order.  The waitress suggested I order the combo plate which comes with four ribs and pulled pork and brisket.  Oh, they also ran out of cornbread.  After much hemming and hawing we decided to get the combo plate and share.  I was really in the mood for ribs and not much of a fan for the pulled pork or brisket especially after we saw another couple with their full rack of ribs chowing down when we walked in. While we waited for our order others that came in after us must have placed orders for ribs because all I could hear was the word "sorry".  One family actually got up and left after the word sorry.   Here is my take on running out of one of the main items in a BBQ restaurant. It shouldn't happen!  Okay maybe once in a while when they get busier than normal and most everyone orders the same item. But to have this consistently happen?  Really?  Something doesn't add up.  Is it because they do not want extras  or they can't handle any more than they make?  Neither of which is good.  Any of their rib extras can be made into a great sandwich such as a boneless rib sandwich.  Cornbread can be frozen and reheated.  Yes it is not as fresh but judging by the way they move food it will be nearly fresh and bread freezes well. Bread when reheated or thawed properly comes out just as fresh. With all that said I can say I was not disappointed with the ribs.  They were properly seasoned and smoked and very meaty.  This made it even more frustrating knowing I could not get a full rack. Grrrr! Their pulled pork and brisket were very good as well.  Properly seasoned and smoked perfectly.  They have two kinds of BBQ sauces on the table.  One regular and one hot.  I like a little sauce with my ribs and I tried both.  They were two very good sauces.   We were able to choose three sides with our meal so we opted for the baked beans with burnt ends and two orders of cole slaw.  We would have ordered the cornbread as our third choice but you know why we couldn't. The beans were tasty but had no burnt ends and the cole slaw was just right in our opinion.  Not overly dressed and very crunchy. I wish I can say I would be back but with no guarantee of having ribs I do not want to waste gas to find out they ran out of them.  That's a shame since their food would bring people but the uncertainty of not having menu items is too much of a gamble.
Went there this evening, and thankfully we had an Amazon voucher, because I would have been extremely upset had we paid full price for this meal.  Finding a decent smokehouse or BBQ joint in the area has been very difficult. Needless to say  the search did not end this evening.   We had gotten there rather early, so it was understandable that we were the only patrons there.  There were about 10-12 small tables with a nice sized bar.  Nothing fancy, maybe 3 pictures hanging on the wall, small tv behind the bar.  Extensive beer selection, basic wine choices.  No full bar.  No hot water or paper towels in the bathroom. The online menu had some different pricing than the actual menu.  We did not make a deal about it, as we felt judging by the atmosphere the restaurant could use the few extra dollars more than we could.  We both ordered the ribs, but four different sides. Aside from me joking that the microwave must have been working quickly this evening, considering the food came out literally 5 minutes after we ordered, I quickly realized the microwave comment may have been more reality than not; the ribs looked shrunken and were disappointingly dry.  My mother had the beans, which she said were not very good, and the coleslaw, which was underwhelming.  I had the worst Mac and cheese I have possibly ever tasted, which is crazy since there really is t such a thing as bad Mac and cheese.  The mashed potatoes were fine.   Service was appropriate; the girl who was there was courteous and friendly.   I don't see a future for this establishment, and even so, I certainly will not be a part of it.
A friend And I decided to check this place out after someone told us about it. Super friendly service! The owner went above and beyond helping us with the beer menu. He made some great picks we both enjoyed our beers. We ordered the pulled pork and brisket. I liked the dry rub a lot and also that you chose which bbq sauce you liked. Most places smother with sauce and save on the actual meat. I recommend the beer bbq sauce!! We will be back real soon. The owner and staff did a great job making you feel welcome.
Decent food nice small place with good service. I was disppointed that on a Friday at 6pm with an empty restaurant they had already run out of cornbread. The best thing was the sweet tea wings the rest of the food was just OK. They have a nice beer selection. I went with a sweetdeals discount and probably won't return again without some sort of deal.
Ok food, terrible service. Ribs were actually really delicious and i LOVED the beer sauce. sides: mac and cheese: bland and nothing special. needed a lot more flavor. same for the mashed potatoes. our waitress was the only one in store and took about 15 min to take our order. customers around us were also complaining about the service. never checked on us after bringing us our food and was slow to get check.
Has potential, but needs work.  Half-rack of St. Louis Ribs: Very thin ribs with very little meat on them so quality of meat needs improvement. Meat also did not fall off the bone and I think I know why. Somewhere (on the menu maybe?) I read that they smoke for 4 hours. That's not nearly enough. Most quality BBQ places smoke ribs for 10-12-14 hours. This impacts not only the tenderness of the meat, but the "smokiness" of the flavor. BBQ sauce is very "ketchupy" and needs some moderation. The Mac and Cheese was very good. Corn Bread didn't have much of a "corn" taste. The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. We really need a good bbq place around here - I hope D&A will survive ..  but compared to other bbq places I've eaten at, it needs work.
Be careful of this place. We went there on Thursday 7/3 to check it out. The space is small and looks like a BBQ joint. We were seated and handed a 1 page 1 sided menu. Then the waitress promptly announced. "We are currently out of burnt ends, chicken, brisket and corn bread" We asked when they might have those ready and were told Saturday. I don't need to waste my money at a place that cannot make its own corn bread. Saturday?! Really! We got up and left without ordering and went to another place that makes it's own food.
I came here with high expectations given some of the good reviews that I've read. To say that I was disappointed is an understatement. I placed an order to-go on a weeknight. The place was deserted when I walked in, but I still had high hopes. I had ordered the brisket, pulled pork, ribs, and a half chicken. The sides I tried included the mac&cheese, baked beans, cole slaw, and mashed potatoes. The sauce tasted like bad ketchup. Beef brisket: super tough and dry (the opposite of what i would expect from a smoked brisket). The rub on the brisket tasted like pure salt. Pulled pork: even more dry, somehow, and quite tasteless. The ribs and chicken were equally dry, tough, and tasteless. The meat could have all been interchanged and I would not have been able to taste the difference. Baked beans: decently flavored, like canned beans that were dressed up a little. I used this to coat everything else I ate to give it some more flavor. Mac&cheese: reminiscent of microwaveable Kraft max&cheese. Cole slaw: underwhelming at best. Mashed potatoes: clumpy and underseasoned. I was really hoping that I would be able to call this place my regular BBQ place, as I live just a few minutes down Central. Unfortunately, none of what other reviewers raved about (brisket, chicken, mac&cheese, or baked beans) was any good. In fact, this may be the worst BBQ that I have ever paid for. I hope, for the restaurant's sake, that I came on an "off" night and it usually is not this bad. I won't be returning. Bottom Line: D&A should stand for Don't & Avoid.
We went here for our 2nd time the other night. The flank steak marinated in IPA was awesome as well as the ribs.   We found this smokehouse a few months ago & had a sample platter and everything was great. They have a great selection of craft beers to choose from. The owner has a very serious passion for his food.  I also appreciate when the owner cares if his customers are satisfied. Douglas is caring & very personable. We love this place and plan on returning regularly
Stopped in last night for a chicken sandwich with Mac&cheese side to go.   Both delicious.  Had a quick beer while waiting and chatted with the owner.  This place has a casual mom/pop style.  If you're expecting super pro corporate style service, you're in the wrong place.   But if you're ok with the casual style, the food is great and the craft beer list is well chosen I would suggest dimming the lights just a bit, for better dining room vibe. ... :-)
I'm adding my voice to the 5-star Yelpers below, having just enjoyed dinner at D&A last night. We used an Amazon Local coupon, which is a great way to try new restaurants.  So glad we came - and we will be back!  The meats and sides were simply delicious. Favorites were the pulled pork, St. Louis style ribs (more meat, less bone), BurntEnds baked beans and cole slaw.  We had the sampler for two - but when I return I'll order the pulled pork with 2 sides.  One quibble, which I raised with our friendly waitress, was the the sampler should have 4 sides, not 3.   If you read many of the complaints, it's that they run out of menu items.  So come early (we ate at 7:30pm on a Saturday and it was starting to get really busy). Pricing is quite reasonable for BBQ - ranging from $13.50 for the pulled with two sides to $65.75 for a Family Meal for 4.  Quick, friendly service, parking on street or behind the restaurant. Go - You won't be disappointed!  PS - My husband wanted me to also recommend the daily special side we had - Dirty Rice.  Apparently it was so popular they are thinking of adding this to ongoing selection of sides.  If you also loved it, tell the owner!
I would have to venture to guess that the person cooking this barbecue has never had good barbecue before.  As mentioned in other reviews, the waitress is completely clueless but nice so I'm not going to harp on her. The food:  My wife had the brisket sandwich. Their brisket MIGHT be the best brisket in the world, but we wouldn't know because this sandwich consisted mostly of bread and sauce.  There was HARDLY ANY MEAT ON IT! Shamefully thin and at 15 bucks or whatever it was,  a complete ripoff. I had the ribs. Westchester offers some of the worst ribs I've ever eaten, but these absolutely take first prize for being almost inedible. It is very obvious that these ribs were cooked far earlier in the day, sliced when removed from the smoker (if they indeed are using a real smoker) without the benefit of resting and then stored under a heat lamp to dry out while waiting for some hapless rube to walk in and order them.  They were chewy.  They were dried out. They were stringy.  The were burnt. No piece of pork should be treated this way. The "burnt ends baked beans" had no burnt ends in them.  None.  No smoke flavor.  No meat.  Just beans and way too much of an overwhelming clove type flavor.  We were pretty sure it was cloves, but whatever it is, it doesn't belong within 1000 yards of a barbecue pit. It tasted like Christmas, not barbecue. The "hot" barbecue sauce is sriraccha ketchup.  The mild is ketchup with added cider vinegar. The "beer" sauce is bland but the best option they offer. The sauce on the mac and cheese was broken and grainy.  If you like chewing greasy curds, this is the side dish for you. I would suggest the owners of this restaurant close up shop for a week,  travel to St Louis and visit one of the many great barbecue restaurants before serving another rib.
Great food!!! If your into Texas style BBQ then this is the place for you. We tried the smoked wings and the were awsome  but we are dippers who would have liked to have a sauce to go with them but we did use the homemade sauces and they were great. I had the sample platter and again it was really good, it had just the right amount of smoke and rub. The BBQ sauces are all homemade but we really liked the hot one the best.
The perfect amount of Smoke with an awesome Rub!  Great place...Smoked Wings are extremely addicting!   Great Beer Selection. Good job guys!
Been here a couple of times so far.  Absolutely LOVE the ribs.  Has a fantastic dry rub and don't even need the sauce - which is also available if you want it.  I and the people I've brought here like the ribs more than the ribs at Q.  Also try the sweat tea smoked chicken wings in which you can actually taste the smoke. Tried the pulled pork when they initially opened and it wasn't my favorite. It didn't have much of a smokey background taste at the time (just tasted like the sauce it was shredded into).  But that was when they just opened and to be fair will need to try it again.
Came here with an amazon local deal,  20 for 40.  Was excited and really wanted this place to be good,  I really did.  I'm a huge bbq fan (actual bbq, meaning slow and low, smoking).   It's located right next to Men's Wearhouse on Central Ave, has a nice size bar, seating for maybe 25 in total, and a back parking lot with lots of room. When I got there, seemed awfully unorganized.  Only one table was occupied, granted it was a large table of 8-10, but we still had to wait close to 10 mins to get seated. We sat down, and nobody came by for another 10 mins, apologized and we finally got a glass of water.  Another 5 mins or so pass before our waiter (the owner) came by, apologized again.  We're told they're out of ribs, it was only 730, but fine, I understand. We order our food (wings, a beer, wife gets the chopped brisket sandwich and I get the brisket entree). He comes back and apologizes again and tells us that they do in fact have 1 order of ribs left...I stick with my order, as the though of the last order of ribs sounds like it's been sitting there and likely dry. Wings come out about 10mins later (still no beer), they are good size wings, and cooked very well (not friend, must be smoked or baked), but close to no flavor.  We doused them in sauce, and that made them pretty good, since they were cooked nicely. We are halfway through the wings and still no beer, waiter finally comes by and I ask him about him, he apologizes again.  I actually asked him for a sample of the Witbier I saw on the menu since I'd never had it, he instead brings a full cup, whatever - cut my losses at this point and just take it.  Beer was pretty good, but not nearly cold enough. Entree comes around, and they bring my wife the wrong entree, bbq chicken sandwich instead of brisket..another 10 mins and our correct food comes, another apology. Brisket was OK, tender but not terribly flavorful.  Mac and cheese was good, super cheesy, perhaps too much.  Burnt end baked beans might've been the best thing I had from there..given that it was actually flavorful. Bill was ~40 in total for the 2 of us, waiter apologized again for the delays and issues. All in all, has potential, but not impressed with the food or the service.  And to the owner..stop apologizing!
This place is amazing. The story: Friends and I came towards the end of what was a very busy night, the place is TINY for what it does. Was told the wait would be about 30 minutes, we were willing to wait. So we went to the bar and got some drinks. They have great staff that are always making sure everything is okay. The waiter was engaging, he notified us that the kitchen was running out of food. We still were up for it. (We're bbq peeps) Finally got to our seats, had to get menu's ourself because we were sort of impatient and wanted to pick what goodies we were going to eat. Turns out that was moot since 1/2 the menu was out!! Now normally you'd say that is a bad thing... but!!!!! We got the entire other half of the menu! Rule #1 - The burnt ends blow out of the door before dinner even becomes a thought. Rule #2 - Wear stretchy pants cuz you will eat that much! Basics: -Awesome sauce... no, literally the sauce is frigging AMAZING. I actually brought some home. - Chicken wings... SPOT ON for a bbq spot - they're smoked and then grilled off for a crisp. If they were grilled off with some of the above awesome sauce, I would have creamed in my pants. - Corn Bread served nice and warm when you're seated - Amazing Brisket - Try their chili - Solid mac n cheese Bottom Line: GO. I CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK!! Something to note is that the owner is very hands out, he served us food, improvised because they were a little short on the menu. He is a very awesome guy.
Pull Pork is outstanding!!! and the beer selection is excellant!  Must go...
Came for the brisket, they were out.  Out of cornbread also.  It was 6:30!  Our table ordered the pulled pork which was flavorless and the chicken which came to the table cold, not cool, but fully cooked and cold throughout.  Surprising since it took 20 minutes to get to our table.  The wrong sides came with our meals which we were able to swap among ourselves and apparently you only get one glass of water as our requests for more were unanswered.  Finally I ordered a side salad as an appetizer $5.50, yet was charged for the $9.00 dinner salad.  Very disappointing.
reservations are a must, the tables are limited and fill up quickly. The takeout is tops, they take great care in wrapping your order up and making sure everything is hot on arrival.
We got takeover from D&A tonight and it was awesome! The sweet tea wings were amazing. They were so different from anything you could get anywhere else. I had the pulled chicken sandwich and mac & cheese. The chicken was juicy and tasty and the mac & cheese really taste homemade. My husband got the pulled pork sandwich. I guess it was good because he didn't say anything while he was eating. Very excited to find a good, local BBQ place.
The place looks nice, but feels odd because it's very empty.  Parking is OK for central avenue- the back lot and the fedex lot help. The food is fine, but not great.  The chicken was cooked to perfection, but was unseasoned and didn't have bbq sauce.  The ribs were not falling off of the bone.  The side were OK- we didn't love the mac and cheese, the mashed potatoes were downright bad and the cole slaw was average.  The service was friendly and reasonably paced, although they didn't clear out plates when we were finished (I hate to sit in front of a dirty plate for a long time). I don't want to be too rough on D&A- the owner was present and clearly engaged.  We went in the first few weeks that they were open.  They did ask us what we would recommend to improve the place, which is encouraging.  I didn't have to heart to tell them because they were so nice- but here it is (1) the prices are too high, (2) the sides are not up to snuff, and (3) don't call unseasoned meat bbq- put sauce on it or make it clear that it comes plain.
Went to D&A for the first time - they've only been open a week - hoping that a good Smokehouse/BBQ place had come to the west side of the county. There were some unsurprising problems for a new restaurant - wobbly table, long wait (only 4 other customers in the little dining area) - but the waitress was very friendly, and when the food arrived it was mostly worth the trip. Good: The 1/2 lb. of huge ribs came 4-up on a cast iron skillet and they were splendid - tender but not falling off the bone, deliciously smokey, wonderfully rubbed and without sauce - a tremendous helping of pork, plus the house sauces (normal and hot) were great, deep, tomatoey additions. Definitely worth coming back for. Meh:The brisket burnt ends came late in their own skillet and were unremarkable, covered with sauce. The 1/2 lb. of brisket, though we're sure it began well (nicely marbled, tender and juicy, cut expertly, again a wonderful smokey flavor) was delivered in a large skillet after having been warmed up - almost fried. I suspect the meat was not cut and presented, but cut and warmed, with the resultant second-hand leftover feel to the juice and fat. Still, very tasty, but not the best. The sides were okay - the red-cabbage slaw was unremarkable, the baked beans were fine, the cornbread was not warm-fresh, but very competent, and was great as an appetizer (during that wait) with the house sauce drizzled over the top. Best side was the skillet of Truffle Mac/Cheese, which was rich and substantial. I love smoke-house eating, and treasure brisket anytime over ribs, but the D&A effort would definitely bring me back, probably for take-out. Any restauranteur that takes up the challenge of delivering quality smoke-house fare deserves my respect - this new place shows a serious approach to authentic Smoke/BBQ - the menus is short, the approach sincere, the ribs memorable... we'll be coming back to see how the brisket evolves.
Excellent food with very friendly service. Our first time visit and will be returning!
Ambiance: Kind of sad actually. Not a good use of the decent sized space with only 4 or 5 tables in the restaurant. Kind of faintly smelled of Clorox (not the best scent when ingesting food.) The bar takes up a lot of room and I'm not sure if they get a big bar crowd. Chairs were uncomfortable and BBQ Sauce bottles were a little sticky. BBQ Chicken: Juicy, Tender, Flavorful. Skin was crunchy and cooked to perfection. Brisket: Dry (that's how I prefer it), Not fatty! Thinly sliced and really tasty. Pulled Pork: Fatty and flavorless. Yuck. Chewed on way too much gristle and was kind of grossed out. Tiny Piece of Cornbread served in lieu of a breadbasket: Fresh, a bit sweet and a bit salty, and so so tiny! Beer Selection: Abundant! Side of Greens: Salty, vinegary, not overcooked, soggy or greasy and therefore a win. Baked Beans: Sweet and smoky. Good. Cole Slaw: Crunchy and not drenched in mayo. Burnt Ends: A little fatty and a little over-spiced and salty. Service: Friendly and fast. I actually enjoyed my dinner but probably wouldn't return. It's not the most inviting atmosphere, but I do think the food is good. Maybe try take-out if you're considering a visit? Also, maybe better for lunchtime than dinner.
The food here is GREAT....sometimes. There is a problem with consistency. The first time I came here I was blown away at how good the food is.  Brisket was tender, ribs were juicy and sides were great especially the mac and cheese. I was obsessed and actually went back again less than a week later....mistake! I get there with the rest of my party of 3, we sit, we order (ribs and brisket)... we are given some cornbread until our food comes out which was really good...this time and the time before.....it isnt very long until the chef comes out of the kitchen and tells the ONLY waitress on this Saturday evening that there are no more ribs, my party and I overhear and we're a little upset but we continued to wait to see if she would tell us because she had already told a few other people sitting at the bar. She didnt so we assumed that our order, that we had already been waiting for 10mins for, was the last order of ribs...it took her about 25 more mins for her to tell us they were out! I was SOOOO upset..her excuse was that she was backed up, but with no ribs and literally 5 tables thats hard to believe...I was turned OFF and before we were even able to decide whether we wanted to stay she started bringing out food...WHAT?! that was just rude to me....there was no manager out there doing damage control....we got up and left. I have worked in a much busier restaurant before and have had such situations, but you're always supposed to let the patrons who have ALREADY ordered the 86'd item so they can go on and choose a substitution.... ANYWHO....... I decided to give it one more shot....the cornbread was not the same...very dry.. the ribs, they were good. Brisket was good, but not as good as the first time. The potato salad was good. It was really cold, i personally like my potato salad room temp, but thats a preference. mash was pretty good, but the mac and cheese that I FELL IN LOVE WITH was different! :( OH, and not to mention the food took FOREVER (they blamed it on the system not printing the tickets in the kitchen...whatever) This place has amazing potential....they have only been around a few months, but they should work out their kinks sooner than later, I dont plan on going back anytime soon. They really need a real manager in there. I hope they get it together though!
Was down in the area for business and decided to stop here for dinner. Best chicken I've ever had, wish I lived closer. The beer menu is incredible, hard to decide what to get, I had 3 different kinds and all 3 where amazing.
Since we grabbed take out on opening night, we will be lenient with stuff. Overall, 3.5 stars but rounding up because this place has great potential. Nice, smoky flavor to the BBQ. Pulled pork was our favorite. The ribs had nice flavor, could be a bit more juicy, a tad dry, but still nice flavor. The chicken also had a nice flavor. Nothing was overly sweet. Sides: not many options but the few we tried were very good, especially the Mac 'n cheese. The coleslaw was delicious, nice flavor, not the creamy variety, more vinegary which is what I like. Beans were also very good, sides were better than Daisy Mae and Hill Country IMO. The cornbread was ok. I hope they do well, they have lots of potential. Southern Westchester is in need of good BBQ. Prices are pretty cheap considering portion size.
The food is mediocre and the service was below average. The wings were stone cold, the ribs were over seasoned and the the Mac n cheese was bland. They had one waitress on staff and half the time she was just standing around and they had another guy behind the counter who just stood there and watched television. A real disappointment considering there are no good BBQ places around here.
I called to order takeout and asked if they would make a platter of just Brisket and Ribs without the pulled pork ($35).  That is not an option on the menu, and they were not willing to accommodate my request.  I even asked to speak to a manager, but I was told that he was on another call.  This was upsetting to me, but for $7 more, I could have a full rack of ribs and 1/2 pound of Brisket, so I agreed.  I then wanted to order the small order of 6 wings listed on their website, but they told me that their web menu was  not updated, and only had a larger order of wings for more money.  After some back and forth they agreed to give me the smaller order of wings. I almost gave up, given the frustration I experienced when placing my order, but I have been wanting to try this new place out for weeks! I also ordered Coleslaw and Mashed Potatoes as sides. I was really disappointed with the food.  The Brisket was tough and dry, and did not have much flavor. The ribs were also bland, and not falling off the bone as I would have expected.The wings were OK. All of the bland meat needed to be dipped in the barbeque sauce that was provided, and it was tasty.  The cornbread was OK, but  the coleslaw was also bland.  The mashed potatoes were so salty that I could not eat them, and had to throw them away!  I will never go back to D&A.  It is overpriced and the food is not worth the money.  I see that there are a lot of positive reviews on Yelp, but my experience was not!  I will stick with Prime, and Ribs on the Run for local Barbeque!
Went to D&A for lunch. Sat at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and attentive. I ordered the chopped brisket sliders and an Ithaca Flower Power IPA. The beer is one of three craft beers on special every day for $3.50....nice beer for a very nice price. The bartender served the complimentary cornbread pretty quickly. It was a pretty standard cube of cornbread...kind of dry like most BBQ joint cornbreads I've had. If they could steal the recipe to the Boston Market cornbread (yes I said Boston Market) it would bring the cornbread experience up a notch...then again it was free so I feel weird complaining at all. The sliders came out quickly. There were three sliders, pickles, coleslaw, and potato chips - all for $9.50. Not a bad deal. The chopped brisket had good flavor and was tender. I just wish they would trim the fat before they served it. There were a half dozen cubes of pure fat which I put to the side. The buns were fresh and had grill marks on them - 2/2 as far as I'm concerned. The coleslaw was really good. It had a zing to it which I like a lot. I took every last bit of slaw out of the bowl. The pickles and potato chips were pretty standard. I think if they gave you seasoned, homemade chips it might enhance the overall experience and be something unique - but I don't own a restaurant and I'm clueless to the extra cost and time that would involve. As I mentioned earlier the Flower Power IPA was only $3.50 so what the heck...I ordered another one. The decor of the place didn't move me in either direction. I didn't say "this place is cool" or "this place is a dump". One suggestion I do have on the decor is to replace the curtain going to the kitchen. It feels like the place is undergoing a renovation or something. Maybe some western style saloon doors could go there. They would be functional and add some character!....but I'm not an interior designer so maybe that's a stupid idea. The bright kitchen light and bright kitchen wall you see from the restaurant need to be toned down a bit as well. Oh yeah....please put something on the wall next to kitchen entrance. Anything would be better than a big, blank wall. How about a BBQ-type neon sign or something. Once again that could be a dumb idea...but I think it would be cool. Overall.....I'll definitely return. I made some minor suggestions in my review but I thought the overall experience was pretty solid. Oh yeah - there's plenty of parking in the back of the building.
Amazing new BBQ joint in Scarsdale! They have incredible brisket and don't skimp on the Mac and cheese and wings to start. They also carry local craft beers like Captain Lawrence and #Freedom Craft Brewery. Absolutely delicious.
After about ten false starts trying to write this review I finally realized that I'm just tired of having to type - 'Great for Westchester'.  But that is the long and short of it - D & A Smokehouse is Great BBQ for Westchester. The ribs are good (tasty but tough) as was the brisket (not enough rub) but the pulled pork was just OK (too sweet/not enough vinegar).  The cornbread was excellent, the coleslaw good, but the potato salad not so much. That said, D & A is a cool place to hang out, eat BBQ and drink beer.  The atmosphere, waitress, and bartender were all up to snuff and the beer selection was great. I don't want to condemn D & A with faint praise - I'm very happy they are here, will definitely go again, and encourage others to give it a try.  Just don't expect BBQ like you get in Texas (or No. Carolina, or K.C.,...) or even NYC.
The food was great, but the portions were ridiculously tiny. We ordered a meal for 4 for ~$65 & the sides weren't enough for 2 people. Then we ordered another large side of mashed potatoes for $6 & it was literally an extra tablespoon of food. I would have enjoyed it more if the portions were larger. The bbq was great, except they brought it out little by little, which led to the table devouring everything as if they were appetizers. The service was horrendous, but they tried. There were only 2 people visibly working & it was packed. & no desserts=bummer.
Went to D&A Smokehouse yesterday to celebrate our son's 13th birthday.  He's a big BBQ fan and wanted to try something new in the neighborhood.  Given the rainy, cold miserable weather, we were the only ones in there--and it was great. My son has severe food allergies (nuts and dairy) and they were very accommodating. They do not use nuts at all in the restaurant, which was a relief as some smokehouses do have peanuts in their sauces. We ordered: -Pulled pork sandwich w small side of mac&cheese: delicious, pork was juicy, tender, and well seasoned, and the right amount of messy.  Mac & cheese was perfect portion and tasty   -Full rack of ribs: seasoned to perfection, meat was tender; side of sauteed broccoli perfectly crisp and seasoned with fresh, sliced garlic and olive oil -Half baked chicken: moist and flavorful, side of broccoli Best part was that the owner, Douglas, and staff overheard we were celebrating a birthday and surprised us/my son with a specially made baked berry (fresh raspberries) compote, hot out the oven in a small cast iron skillet. The owner, who was very warm and congenial, overheard that my son had food allergies and knowing that he could eat nothing on the dessert menu, worked with the chef to create a special dessert.  My son said it was one of the best things he's ever eaten.  There was not a crumb left! We were very touched by this simple and thoughtful gesture.   The decor was simple, yet stylish. Ceiling is covered with bronze tin tiles and the music put us in a smokehouse mood. Overall, the incredibly friendly, attentive staff, delicious food, and special dessert will make us repeat customers.
Loved the sweet tea chicken wings. Really juicy, and the rub they used was nice and spicy (not hot spicy, but spice-y spicy). We shared the family plate for four. The pulled pork was good (especially with the vinegar based sauce), so were the ribs. The brisket was a little dry but I'm hoping it was just an off night. The cole slaw was the best of the sides we ordered, the others were just ok (mac and cheese, greens, potato salad). Service was quick and friendly.
Wow!!!!!   Went in with my family and our closest family friends tonight and had some of the best BBQ ever Westchester has ever seen.  Fantastic food, amazing service and the price was perfect.  And to top it off the owner couldn't have been more attentive.  First class!
At last, we have a fantastic BBQ restaurant in Westchester. I LOVED everything about this restaurant! The pulled pork was fantastic, the ribs were spiced and cooked perfectly, wings delish. Need to go back right away and try the chicken and brisket. The decor is perfect, casual but def not a dive. Planning to frequent this place often. Hurrah!
Holy moly!! I live next to Prime BBQ and five minutes down the street from Ribs on the Run. We've been eating from both these other BBQ joints (every notice their menus are EXACTLY the same!?) and I was never disappointed by their food... Until I ate at D&A! I can't eat BBQ anywhere else now! I didn't realize I was being robbed of REAL BBQ until I tried D&A last night. I was blown away. MUST get their burnt ends and Mac n cheese. Seriously, DELICIOUS. New addiction. And they deliver... Huge plus! Nice guy, I'm assuming owner? But was really sincere and talked to us after our meal and seems to know his stuff! Definitely definitely try!!
I am some what of an expert on smoking food having been practicing the art for 30 years. The ribs and half chicken are excellent done just right. If you have ever been to Virgils in midtown NYC the chicken wings there are famous and this chicken tastes exactly the same. The cole slaw is fresh not soupy covered in mayo perfect to my taste. The mashed potatoes are really great also. Doug the owner is a really great proprietor that listens to his customers and asks how they like everything. The chicken wings are also very good. It is not inexpensive but good food costs more and you get what you pay for. The corn bread is moist and haas a great taste.  The decor is a little plain, but the music is great BB King style. If you like heavy BBQ sauce on your chicken and ribs this is not the place for you. If you enjoy the real taste of smoked meats you will love your meal here.
I'd been waiting patiently for D&A to open for over a month and a half.  I'm always looking for a good BBQ place -- many places try, but few succeed in making really good BBQ.  Last week I was passing by and saw they'd finally opened for business.  They had an attractive website a while back, but no menu posted.  When I went to their website this week to go over the menu, the site's been down every time I've tried.  So tonight, I stopped by and tried this place for takeout. They have a pretty limited menu, but it covers the basics.  I'd like to see them add a few more side dishes in the future as there are only four to choose from currently.  I ordered the combo platter -- ribs, brisket and pulled pork with sides of mashed potatoes, baked beans, and mac and cheese.  They also gave me some cornbread.  When I got home and opened the big tray, I was pleased with the amount of food I got, and it looked delicious!  I wasn't impressed that the meats came all in one large serving tray.  Perhaps they can get some platter type trays with separate compartments... The ribs were very large and a bit fatty on top.  First impression was that I wasn't going to like them, but I was able to cut the fat off easily so this didn't become an issue.  I don't like fatty foods, especially not ribs.  The meat was tender and had a good flavor.  They probably could have been left in the smoker for a bit longer though to give them a more pronounced smoke taste.  Overall they were good, and I'd get them again.   The brisket on the other hand looked delicious and was cooked perfectly!  Great flavor, nice smoke ring and not at all fatty.  Sometimes brisket can get dried out, but not here.  It was moist and tender and tasted just as delicious as it looked.  This might be my favorite smoked brisket!   The pulled pork was very good.  They mix in some BBQ sauce, and overall it's decent, but not overly sauced.  I'd like to try it without the sauce next time just for the hell of it.  It had a good taste and even with the sauce mixed in, I could taste the smoke.   The sides were pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  The mac & cheese (actually shells & cheese) was good and had a nice cheesy flavor.  The mashed potatoes were also decent as were the beans.  The cornbread looked homemade and was good, but nothing spectacular.  None of the sides were my favorite, but they were good enough.  A few more choices on the menu would be a welcome addition.  Perhaps a soup, sweet potatoes, or a BBQ fried rice with pork in it? The décor is nice, though sparse, and has the feel of a BBQ place.  It's small, but comfortable in my opinion.  The prices are on the high side for BBQ.  My combo cost $35.  I'd expect to pay somewhere in the mid to upper $20s for this meal at another BBQ place.  The quantity of food given was good, but for this price, I'd expect a bit more -- another rib or 2, a few more slices of brisket perhaps.  Even so, I still have some left over for tomorrow.  A similar meal at Dinosaur BBQ is about $21, though you don't get as much.   Overall, I'm please with D&A.  I'd definitely go back again.  Any of the shortcomings I found I attribute to D&A's newness.  Hopefully they'll get the kinks worked out, and when they do, I'm sure this place will be a hit.
What a huge disappointment. Came for dinner with our 3 kids on a Sunday at 5pm. Ordered the bacon appetizer (excellent!), sampler which comes with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork, brisket sandwich, and kids Mac and cheese. The server came back to tell us they had no brisket...disappointed since we were excited to try it. We had her swap out the ribs and brisket for 2 chickens instead. The sampler also comes with 3 sides. We chose the baked beans, greens, and mashed potatoes. The beans were by far the best of the sides. May have been the best part of the entire meal!  The pulled pork was disgusting. Dry and over cooked. It was actually crunchy. Thank goodness we didn't order the kids pulled pork sandwiches! The chicken was good, nothing to write home about. The brisket sandwich...yes there was brisket for the sandwich. I guess they keep some aside...huge fatty cubes that were also  over cooked. Service needs some work as well. There were 5 of us. We asked for water for the table, she brought 4 cups. Um...  We asked for more water for the table. Her response was HUH?? Yikes. We will not be returning.
Good flavor on the burnt ends! Come in early or you won't get them. Went for lunch. Had a coupon for a free side which was good because the lunch was a very small portion, one side with no bread. Please consider a garlic Texas toast or cornbread piece with lunch. The baked beans were delicious with chunks of meat in it. Mac and cheese was good too. Will come back to try brisket.
Been waiting to try D&A since the sign went up.  It's on the strip near 7-11/Hess, pretty easy to miss. Parking lot in the back is super convenient (enter the back parking lot through FedEx parking, and there's a backdoor to the restaurant so you don't have to walk around.  (Would be good if there was some kind of sign on the back door so it's clear that you can enter from there).  Went there for lunch with my co-workers and I was pleasantly surprised.  We tried the Brisket, pulled pork, and burnt ends. 1st off - lunch special for your choice of sandwich, bag of chips and can of soda for $8.50 is an awesome deal.  I got the burnt ends platter, with mac and cheese.  I see why the burnt ends sell out so fast. The meat was soo tender, and the regular and hot BBQ sauces were awesome. *Note: the meat is cooked without sauce on it, just a dry rub I guess.  Personally I prefer that bc some places drown the meat in sauce, this way you can use as much/little as you like.  My co-workers will not stop talking about how perfect their brisket and pulled pork came out.   Service wise, they were extremely attentive, and the owner came and checked on us a few times during that quick lunch break.  Yummy draft beer choices, overall a great experience.  I'll be going back to try the other menu options and will update then.
A little off the beaten path for me, but on my weekend afternoon get-a-way from the city I yelped myself into some delicious bbq. The  restaurant was small and the hanging display of butcher knives is a little disturbing but over all the decor of the restaurant was nice, warm and inviting. The staff seemed to genuinely care and were tentative to our needs. The only drawback was they did not explain the sauces which we found out later when we got the food was not needed anyway. So on to the food: The pulled pork was just this side of melt in your mouth, brisket was amazing and the ribs were pretty darn good too! The smoky flavor was so good it didn't need sauce and I also didn't feel like the rub was salty which most places use as a flavor booster. The downfall was the sides were tiny but that is not a bad thing since the greens, mac and cheese, were unedible. The beans and mash was standard fare and nothing to write home about. Compared to the meat that was on my plate it was lackluster. Overall I would say great meat and the sides are on life support. I will be back.
At 1st I was a bit hesitant after reading some negative  reviews & hearing that they sometimes run out of food. However it was my dads bday and he  raved about trying their food so whatever my  parents want they get. Once inside I found it to be quaint, a lil rustic and small which was ok considering we came for an early bday dinner and there weren't many patrons at that time (5pmish). Douglas greeted us at the door and was very accommodating as he brought over a tray of cornbread to the table for my fam & I. I was surprised at how quickly our plentiful orders arrived to the table still sizzling. My dad the bday boy ordered the sampler and 3 sides as we each ordered our plates Everything was delish but my sisters chicken was still a lil pink yet tasty (which Doug explained why) The brisket and their greens were superb and my absolute favorite. I generally prefer my water & Coke with lemon but they didn't have any. Douglas and Jessica were so accommodating that they went out to buy some for my drink. Not only that but despite my family's crazy antics ( my dad & I like to tease our servers in a fun way) Douglas and staff surprised us by coming out with cheesecake and a candle while singing Happy birthday to my dad. So unexpected and so very sweet. Overall, my family and I found the food to be very plentiful and delicious - well worth the money. Also the staff were extremely accommodating, fun and witty (Jessica had great comebacks 4 my dad when he teased her lol). I even brought back an order for my fiancé & as finicky as he is- he loved it. We will definitely dine there again. A big thank u D & A for making my dads birthday so great.
We went to D&A Smokehouse on 1/14/14.  We had the lunch special for  $8.50. I had the brisket and my friend had the pulled pork. The sandwiches come with a delicious side of coleslaw, chips and a soft drink.  The meat was seasoned so well  that extra barbecue sauce was not needed. Since I enjoyed lunch, I'm looking forward to trying other things on the menu.
An inconspicuous exterior, but memorable food. We often take out, usually ordering a half or full platter of everything! So many places do some form of BBQ, but D&A really does a superlative job of what BBQ is supposed to be - flavorful, tender, but meaty. And as a bonus - almost everything tasted even better from the refrigerator on the second or third day!
Ate here tonight with the family...great ribs, moist chicken and we all thought the briskett was the best. Lots of food, and sides good. Kids enjoyed it. Relaxed environment,  basic decor, good value for money... we will be back.
Came here for Father's Day at about 6:30. The place is small and no air conditioning, waited about 20 minutes for a table. Even though it was still early, they were out of half the things we ordered, no chicken, no Puple Haze beer nor Corona light (sold out)and we were told by the waitress/floor manager that she could not provide sufficient salad dressing because they ran out. However, our waiter managed to locate more dressing, which made us think that waitress number did not likes us. The food was served fairly quickly, but only some of us received our orders, and we needed to ask the waiter after about ten minutes for the remaining order. My husband enjoyed the brIsket and my daughter liked the ribs. The potato salad was very bland but the mac and cheese rocked.  Most upsetting was the way the waitress/floor manager treated our waiter. She became angry with him when he accidently knocked into her and explained he was trying to get something, she told him that she didn't ask him for help and that he could go home! It was horrible to witness this and we felt bad for him. We loudly complemented his service, he was very helpful but we each had a bad taste in our mouth and would not return.
We ate at D&A Smokehouse. A little worried at the beginning because the place was not busy and my husband has a theory that when a place is empty the food is not good... Well, his theory was really proven wrong tonight! The food was EXCELLENT and we know our food! My husband is a BBQ/smoker specialist and it is difficult for us to be satisfied with BBQ meats.... Well we were! We started with the sweet tea brined smoked wings which were good and then we shared the combo half ribs half chicken. It came with 3 sides, we chose 2 cole slaw and the mashed potatoes. Everything was so fresh, so tasty... They use dry rubs and do have the perfect recipe... the spices do not overpower the taste of the meats... The ribs simply melted in your mouth without falling apart and the chicken was tender and extremely tasty! The sides were excellent as well and homemade for sure! The person saying that the mashed were bad does not know what good mashed potatoes is supposed to taste like! Everything here was simple and excellent! It is all about good quality ingredients!!! They do not serve alcohol yet, the decor is a little plain and they have a limited menu but this is definitely a place where we will return. We spoke with the owner, Douglas, a BBQ fanatic and nice guy. They opened the place 2 months ago and we do wish him success.
