The fact that there isn't an HMart closer to where I live really upsets me. This place is pure amazing and will forever be my go-to for Korean goods. The setup reminds me of how a Whole Foods would normally look, with the produce being up front by the entrance (which I guess is any supermarket now that I think about it) and having a very open area for it. You can buy a handful of prepackaged, pre-made Korean dishes to heat up on your own accord for a pretty reasonable price. Not to mention, you get a solid amount of food with it. The majority of the store is much like a normal supermarket, but the snack isle is pretty impressive. I'm not too educated on most of the popular Asian snacks, but they sell a plethora of shrimp chips, Pocky, Hi-Chew, among a massive amount of others. The fish department here always seems consistently busy when we come in and they always have stocked live fish along with freshly cut pieces on ice. The best part, or at least my favorite part, of HMart is the cafeteria on the far side of the store. They have three separate restaurants, Chinese, Korean, and Japanese and you order from the cash register up front for one of the three. I've dipped into all of them and must say it's very delicious for being a primarily Korean grocery store. You'd expect the Korean section to dominate over the Chinese and Japanese cuisine, but they're all very well done. I've had a couple of the ramen dishes from the Japanese end and have been very satisfied (as well as very full). If you come to HMart, have a bite to eat here, you won't be disappointed. Last, but not least, there's a small bakery near the cash registers named "Tous Les Jours" that sells fresh pastries and drinks. We usually stop here on the way out to  get drink and a couple buns for the ride home. The coffee and pumpkin buns are especially good, and the hot milk tea is pretty amazing. All of their products are very reasonably pricedl. If you're in the area or need a few groceries, stop by. HMart is a gem that I can't recommend enough.
Bring your elbow grease.  Everyone here, of any heritage, is ready to push their carts, fight for that parking spot or table in the food court. They have all the HMart staple items and it beats going to NJ.   The food court has great Korean comfort food.  Price is same as New York but good to be able fuel up before going shopping.  It prevented me from buying too much food.
My Korean Escape!! while Living north of NYC.  This H-Mart is much bigger and cleaner than the ones in Queens, NY and Ridgefield, NJ. This place is built to cater to all Asian American diaspora. They have Japanese, Chinese, Korean and includes some Spanish brands as well. I go here for the Korean market experience though. I have driven over an hour to get here to get my Fix. They not only have the Korean side dishes, but also the meat.. oh the marinated meats, they also have fish that you can get cut up for you. The Hartsdale location includes an expansive list of products; from seaweeds to teas of various kinds.  The also have a Korean "French" style bakery serving delicious baked pastries and cakes. The  restaurants / food court section includes Japanese (sushi), Korean dishes (Bugogi, KFC), Chinese section: actually its a mix fusion Chinese/Korean with Ja Jang Myun, Jampong, Tangsuyok, and fried rice. What can i say neither rain, snow, wind will stop me from heading towards my Korean Oasis in middle of cold New York winter.
Full-service Korean Death Star, with all the trimmings. Always feel deprived at every visit to Manhattan's 32nd Street H-Mart, where a small footprint and high real estate prices limit the store to the mere basics. Enter Hartsdale/Scarsdale's H-Mart.  An otherwise unremarkable store by H-Mart standards, it's full-service, which means an extensive prepared foods section, cut-to-order fish market, as well as Asian oddities such as salmon spines/trimmings, which at $1/pound is an absolute fatty steal when purchasing it six pounds at a time. Parking is a horrorshow; par for H-Mart standards (consider Burlington, MA, which requires a full-time city cop to police its parking lot against Korean moms in minivans.)
They have everything Asian and everything you need for your kitchen  even Spanish Goya products. Fresh produce, good deli with lower prices than the surrounding area. Have u ever tasted their shrimp salad?  Omg. Good. Many authentic Asian foods pre- prepared. All u do is heat. They also have a variety of frozen foods. Their food court is also great. And most if all the people are super nice  I asked for some boxes  and they not only got them they helped me out with them. Classy people. I will continue to shop there till I drop . Lol
I use to live in this store because I use to work next door to the verizon over there and I have nothing but excellent things to say about this place Pros -it is a Korean supermarket with a wide variety of international foods,objects,drinks etc -has their own bakery "tout les jours" the make some of the freshest bread and Korean treats every morning I've ever tasted. -their bubble tea is legit and done the right way (with milk) -has a food court on the left hand side of the store (store is pretty spacious) they offer Korean,Japanese,and Chinese food - staff actually do try to get to know you if your a regular and even give you really good suggestions if you wanted to try Korean food(which is amazing btw) -they have sheseido for those glamor girls who want to get their makeup done - this store no matter thunderstorms, hurricanes,snowstorms is the only one that will be open for business. Cons If you come here the prices are a bit high being that it is a international store with international items Overall I always come to this area and hmart always welcomes me with open Arms with new things to try!
A true Korean experience with so much variety and an extensive fresh seafood department along with prepared Non-MSG ban-chan beyond kimchee. They also have fresh gee-nip (love that). You can also get fast dining service with your choice of Korean, Chinese or Japanese dishes at one end of the supermarket. Korean bakery is also included at this location. And if you still want more, you can get your Amore products here too. Nough said!
With the advent of a semi large Korean - Japanese-Chinese immigrants living in and around cenral Westchester County.  H mart was created.H mart is an asian grocery store with a flare for Korean foods. Have you ever tried Korean chicken OMG it is so delicious, The produce is extremely fresh and cheap and they carry many hard to find Asian products. The store is located in Harstdale in a plaza of central ark avenue if you are driving south from the Tarrytown-Elmsford White Plains area, As an added bonus they prepare food that is absolutely scrumptious.
Leave it to hard working Korean immigrants to bring Asian groceries to the world.  I love being able to buy the ingredients for Chinese hot pot, filipino Halo Halo, Korean ban chan, and get a bubble tea.  Add the fast casual Japanese, Korean, and Korean Chinese food stalls and you can not be more awesome sauce.  They have plenty of fresh veggies and fruits, but the seafood looks like it just came off the boat.  Live lobster, fish, crab, and abalone!  Highly recommended for having lunch while shopping for groceries.
I like it. Food is fresh and good. You can buy pretty good food there. They have instant food too. Super like it.
As an Asian American,  I found this particular H mart not very clean.   The vegetables I bought esp the bean sprouts spoiled in 2 days ( even after putting them in special green veggie saving bags). The seafood area smelled powerfully and many western food products were quite expensive. My daughter from Boston stated that their store  was much cleaner. Nicer I found the selection of Asian food products was limited esp rice varieties Many pkgs of frozen seafood were from China and other waters which are known to be polluted.     It is an "exciting " shop. But quality freshness price points I question
I ended up getting a refund on the Korean soup....first of all, I watched the chef open a bag full of ramen noodles and packaged broth that I could of done myself for $1.00. Ill admit accidentally forgot to tell them to go, but the women gave me a quick attitude and argued with me.....as the chef throws my bowl of packaged ramen noodle Soup in a container with noodles hanging out, he grabs them with his bare hands and starts putting them back in the container. How disgusting is that? I immediately said something and said you know what forget about the soup I want a refund....never going there again.....
I hit this market every time I'm at the vet.  The prices are very good especially for the produce and comparable to the Chinese market.  Love the bakery, especially the bubble tea. I finally ordered takeout from the food court.  I got the bul go gi, jap chae noodle and beef short ribs.  We were very surprised how flavor able the meat were. If you get any bagged Asian veggies, I do recommend  you wash/soak in water for awhile.  Like any Asian market, you may find bugs and sand still on the veggie.
I've probably passed by H Mart a million times before, but never shopped until now.  I needed to buy some grits, and TJ's stopped selling them.  I didn't feel like making the extra trip up to White Plains, so I decided to drop on in H Mart. I had no idea it was a Korean specialty market until I saw the bilingual Korean/English signs.  When I put two and two together, I pretty much presumed no grits would be sold here.  Since I was already weaving through the aisles, I figured I'd pick up a few items for dinner.  I don't regret this move at all. Not only H Mart sells Korean items, but many other imported goodies from Asia such as health and beauty aids, household goods, mochi ice cream, Chinese dumplings and Kewpie mayonnaise (if you don't know what that is, it's the stuff they top okonomiyaki with and it's AWESOME).     And oh- THEY SELL GRITS!  Both old-fashioned and quick cooking!  :D They also have a cool food court and bakery on the premises.  Sadly, I didn't get a chance to check out either, as I was in a rush to get back home.    I will say that I have to agree with other reviewers about this mart being pricier than your typical Asian market in Chinatown,  but I presume that is because of the demographic that it serves (Westchester).   I got my can of grits, picked up a packet of Japanese curry and made my way to the checkout line.  At this point, the supermarket was insanely crowded, so the nice lady @ customer service took pity on me and my measly two items and rung me up.  And because I am such a fan of H Mart, I now have a brand spankin' new savings card!  Whoot!   *\o/*
These guys have the best bakery in town!!! U have to try their fruit cakes n all those lil breakfast stuff... Yumm!!! The bubble tea is great too!!! Besides u do get all the necessary fresh fruit n veggie stuff u need!!! Super! Must try the bakery for sure!!
Great place lots to choose from you can shop Korean grocery or after you done you can have a bite to eat fresh
I bought "Pink Lady" apples there and I tried one yesterday. I couldn't finish it so I wrapped it in a couple of napkins and tucked it in my purse. I forgot about it while running errands and by 7PM that night I pulled out of the napkin and it never browned! I wish I could show you a picture! And it was very warm in my car! I kept it out until today and it STILL looks exactly the same!! It's looks like it's a GMO, I looked it up out of curiosity. You can too: npr.org/blogs/thesalt/20… I thought you would want to know. Be safe. Buy ORGANIC. I usually buy them for juicing because they are sweet. Let's ALL VOTE to get this stuff LABELLED! Don't get me wrong, I think the store is very nice and the fish looks fantastic. Peace and Blessings 6-10-14 UPDATE I bought a Pink Lady organically labeled apple from WF's. I ate it last night. It browned before I could even finish it. (I was strangely elated). I took a photo of that one too. Newsday news report from 6-4-14 ALBANY - A proposal to require labels on food products containing ingredients from genetically modified crops is inching closer to a vote in the New York Legislature.
Affordable prices . Great location Lots of parking. Wanted to finally try the hot food, I went to the hot food table aisle and waited 20 minutes no one came over to help they looked At me and spoke In their foreign language but no help at all. The fruit sample lady was mean as well Hmart your losing your touch
I was pretty stoked about the Sam's club membership that I purchased at the beginning of the school year, but since I discovered H Mart, I almost regret that decision. The produce selection is much more expansive at H Mart, and honestly, when am I ever going to need a five pound bag of bell peppers or an eight pound bag of oranges..? The fruits are typically very fresh (I say typically because there's been a few times where the fruit selection has looked extremely picked over), and all for a reasonable price. If you need your organics, they have that as well. There is also a great mix of prepared foods (both hot and cold), which is a nice plus - especially when I'm too lazy to cook. I'm a huge, HUGE fan of the prepackaged banchan and kimbap! The marinated meats are fantastic as well - it is super quick to prepare and much tastier than anything I could prepare by myself at home. (Toss some chopped onions and frozen vegetables in with your marinated chicken and BAM, you have dinner!) I've kept mostly to the prepared foods and produce section - wandering into the frozen foods aisles only to grab frozen dumplings/Melona bars, so I feel like there's still a whole territory that I haven't discovered yet near the food court and bakery. One day, when I have time, I plan to forage my way through the entire market, aisle by aisle! H Mart, I'm so happy that you are so close by, it's nice to know that I can replenish my Asian spices and sauces whenever I run low..cuz we all know that I can't live without my sesame oil and rice vinegar. :)
The frozen pot sticker aisle is a religious experience. Get a bubble tea at Tous les Jours. Extensive selection of Asian foods. Also, terrific produce, if a little pricey. I couldn't understand much of what I saw, but found help with a little effort. The selection of meat included unusual cuts and the fish market had fish not usually found in the area, like mackerel and Spanish mackerel. I plan to return often and will figure out the amazing selection of Korean barbecue.
Soooo I'm addicted to Ramen. At the Japanese counter I wanted salt ramen but they were out? Hence the 4stars. So I settled for miso ramen... It was good but a slight bit bland. The shrimp tempura was excellent. Top notch and not greasy! Next time I will try kim chi ramen, it looked spicy. The husband had shrimp w chili sauce at the Chinese counter and it was on point with flavor but the shrimp which had breading was soggy and it would taste better crispy! We will return! The bakery had a sale and I got salted Carmel Cheesecake which I ate at home and it was great and I walked away for a minute and my yorkie snuck up and got the last piece. Bad doggie!
This is the holy grail of Asian food in Westchester. I've recently gotten on the roasted seaweed bandwagon to substitute my chips and pretzel addiction and I've been looking for a place other than Whole Foods that sells it. H Mart not only has a much better variety, but the pricing is much better as well. Maybe because H Mart doesn't seem to feel the need to up the price just because it's getting trendy. i wandered through every aisle during my quest for seaweed and pickled radishes and I was amazed at the prices and the quality of the produce. Yes, there are American options for groceries for stuff but this isn't why I would come. They have absolutely every Asian food I could ever want and even more that I had never heard of. While it would be helpful if some of the products that were pretty much all in another language had clearer labels on the shelves, it's really not a big deal. I just stopped someone and asked them to help me. Just to show how many varieties and options they offer, think about picked radishes. There must have been 30 different shapes and packages to buy. some were pre-cut, some were small packages or large, some offered resealable containers. I will be back here on a weekly basis. I can't wait to try even more things. See you there!
Finally, I don't have to pay the tolls to pop over to New Jersey or trek out to Flushing for my very own H-mart. I was so thrilled to hear that a Hmart was slated to open in Westchester. I personally really like this location of Hmart. The store is clean. I find it to be a huge plus when your grocery store doesn't smell of old fish and produce, as some do. I am impressed  by the fact that the personnel is very friendly and speaks English. My Korean doesn't always cut it. On weekends I get my very own food sampling at almost every single aisle and corner. I want to try their Kimchi before I buy it, so sample, sample and sample. Do I really need another honking bag of dumplings? Hmm... let me sample it and figure out if I would like to add it to my purchase. Ramen? Ok, maybe... maybe not... You get my drift? I come here mainly for Korean items that I can't find at other grocery stores. I find the prices to be ok. To me they seem correctly priced for the Korean items and ridiculously cheap for the produce and fish. I don't buy everything here. I buy my American products elsewhere and price-hunt, if you will. If you find yourself enamored with Hmart and the convenience of it all, I'd suggest signing up for the Hmart Smart Card rewards program to accumulate points on grocery purchases. A big plus is receiving insider discount coupons. Collect 1,000 points and I think you can redeem for a $10 gift card or something. I'm close but not there yet. Connected to this Hmart is a Tous Le Jour for your Korean style bakery items. As is a  korean/chinese/japanese food court. Both are very handy! It's very Korean-style in this way... to have other stores within a larger store. The food is solid too! This my local Hmart and I enjoy it very much! I hope you give it a chance!
Have been going there for a while, WOW, I could spend hours going up and down the isle's. If you're looking for Asian ingredients this is the place. They must have a dozen varieties of Kimchi & short ribs & yes you can get Kobe beef. There is a whole isle devoted to frozen dumplings (pot stickers), some better then others, many vegetarian. Hey, better then going to Chinatown in NYC. The seafood market is very extensive. They have 'bulk' (by the pound) sushi grade fish. The produce department has some of the most unusual fruits and vegetables such as fresh galangal, kaffir lime leaves, sassafras, turmeric root, wild mushrooms up the ying yang... The food court has three cuisines Chinese, Japanese & Korean. There is also a bakery - Tous de Jour. The Japanese stand has 1/2 price sushi starting approximately at 7:30 - 8:00PM. If you need Chinese prepared items such as roast pork, duck, tendons...Kamsen has a better selection but for Korean & Japanese it's H Mart Kamsen Is no longer the largest Asia market in Westchester.
The biggest Asian store around with varieties of fresh veggies and fruits to meat and seafood to whatever a kitchen needs for a sumptuous meal to be served. In weekends they got good food tasting. Their restaurant corner with traditional Korean , Japanese and Chinese food are excellent. The bakery has fresh desserts with awesome looks variety of cakes. That's seems satisfying even just by looking. The place is huge and clean. Staff are friendly. A place you would find yourself going to on on your days off for needs.
$4.95 for 24 fl oz Thai Tea with boba @ Tous les Jours. Interesting they have a cold or hot option for all their bubble teas. $5 is pushing it a little, but you have no choice in serving size..a large, 24 fl oz only. Boba tasted excellent, soft and chewy, tinge of sweetness. Many boba teas to choose from. Thai tea tasted right, but I wished they didn't blend it with ice cubes so I ended up with a Thai tea slushy.
I am from Hawai'i and have been looking for a fantastic Asian mart for the longest time. A coworker recommended H-Mart, and man is it heaven. They have aisles and aisles of different Asian foods from my childhood, THE freshest fruits and vegetables, and an area for fresh marinated and seasoned meats. I live in Connecticut and drive the 30 minutes every weekend to go here. And did I mention the coffee bar and in-store restaurants? I'm considering moving to White Plains so I can eat there all the time. The only complaint I have is that parking is a little too difficult and it is often so crowded that shopping is like a war zone. All said and done - my favorite place to shop!
Huge asian super market. First time here and will def come back. Clean, efficient and friendly staff. When i first went in, i noticed all the food they have to try, by the time i came out i was full and ended up buying tons of things to try at home. They have a rest inside that serves korea, Chinese and japanese food. Cheap and delicious with plenty of food. The variety of items is extremely big and you can probably find anything that you are looking for. PS: the fish market is great and everything was fresh. PS2: google maps is wrong, it tells you that the place is somewhere when its not. I guess its because the place is way inside the mall.
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN I STARTED SCHOOL HERE?!!?! Down in Queens I would not go to H mart much because of its relative expensive prices to other supermarkets, but up here H mart is a gem -- AND some of their products are the same price as those previously referred to supermarkets. The wide selection of fun Chinese and Korean goods makes it great. I can almost do all my shopping here! And yes, now that there is an H mart up in Westchester, I have gotten myself a H mart smart card, because I will be a regular. In applying I checked off Chinese and hope they expand their Chinese goods as well as continue providing great Korean goods. My only criticism is, WHY DID YOU NOT OPEN 4 YEARS AGO?!
I can't believe this place wasn't there when I actually lived in Westchester! This is the first ever H Mart I've visited so I don't know how it compares to others but I was impressed with the selection and prices. My mom and I bought a huge package of pre-marinated Korean BBQ meat for dinner (as well as some vegetables). The package fed both of us, and there were enough left over for a kid or a small person, and it only cost $10!! Unbelievable. I might have to start hitting up H Mart so I can have Korean BBQ more often!
As an Asian, I appreciate it that there's a Hmart nearby and I shop here at least twice a week. I found that their fruit is not fresh and seems to be of inferior quality than other American groceries because they deteriorate very fast. Especially, I learnt to never buy any fruit that is on sale. Last winter, I bought peach at 99cents and had to throw all of them because they tasted stale although they look good. Last week I bought the lychees but the next day they rotted, I bought cherries at 2.99 several days ago and today I Found the cherries are rotten inside. This is just wired because the fruits I bought elsewhere(primarily Costco) will only dry up if kept for too long but never get rotten like this. It's just weird and I will not shop fruit here any more.
This is a dream come true for everyone who lives in the Westchester/Fairfield county area.  We've been waiting on an asian mart for so long now... an this is the answer to our prayers.  The prices are cheap -- it replaced a pathmark there that was rundown and nasty looking. This is outstanding.  it has food from every culture, even cultures that arent asian! There are LOTS of sales for rice and dumplings and LOTS of free samples all around the place! I come from Connecticut a lot of the time because I have family that lives there and I make it a point to do my shopping either here or COSTCO!  Those are the only two places I'd shop at for food!
I have been hitting up Matsua Asian market in Edgewater NJ for years. I will always pop in when I'm in the area. But my new "Go To" Asian market is H Mart on Central ave, White Plains (ok Harrison). What a great, crazy place !! Every inch is crammed with all that you will ever need when shopping Asian food items, no question. Huge produce section, many aisles of dry goods, frozen foods and fresh fish like I have never seen. We went on a Sunday afternoon and there was barely elbow room. What a blast we had ! I got a fresh ginger root for a song and it was HUGE, twice as big as my hand. If you're shopping Asian groceries, hit up H Mart, you'll be entertained and quite happy with their great choices.
I always go to the one in Boston so was very intrigued when I saw this location. This location is not as big or as "Asian" as the one in Boston. Seems to cater more to the non-Asian community. The food court is small but lots of people eat here. Prices are similar to other h marts.
I seriously love this place. I totally agree with Willis W.'s review. I think he said everything best. I used to live down the block from a Chinese supermarket and while I enjoyed going in, I hated being in there because it was so dirty. This isn't like that at all, it's clean and bright. The selection here is amazing, not only do you have your typical American products but you also have Latin brands, smaller brands and of course tons of Asian foods. The produce is amazing, as is the meat department with things you can hardly find in other places for amazing prices. Now usually that would make me stop and think it's inferior products but it's not. Now to the Asian products - do yourself a favor and cruise the snack food aisle and start grabbing stuff - awesome part is that almost everything has the actual nutrition information and ingredients in English on the back so no guessing what you're eating. I grabbed little gel candies, banana curls (think Cheetos but banana flavored), puffed sweet corn snacks, frosted salty rice cakes, pizza chips (apparently they're good), cookies and mochi. I bought a lot of mochi. Shelf stable Japanese peanut mochi, black sesame and taro and ice cream chocolate mochi, red bean and black sesame again. I got frozen custard buns that I can just microwave and there were so many varieties. There's actual food too to cook a meal for your family because I guess we can't survive on banana Cheetos alone. I bought tons of stuff and spent roughly $50 and came home with five bags. Now tell me where else I can pull that off. I went with my family later in the evening and we will totally be going back. I haven't tried the food from here yet and they lose a star for their baked goods being pretty mediocre. However I will be back for food and bubble tea which they claim is some of the best around. Oh and quick tip - if you get cold easily you better bring a jacket because it's definitely cool in here. I mean the temperature. Go here!
Food court has a combination of Japanese, Korean and Chinese food. Large portions so carefully watch what you order. As a Supermarket, has all the essentials needed for any type of family household. Nice not having to go all the way to the city to be able to indulge in our favorite food. A must go.
Yes!!!  Much love to my Korean peeps! There's an H Mart outside of Queens and NJ!!  Not that I wouldn't go to Queens or NJ but they're somewhat out of the way for me.  Hartsdale is so much more my speed.  I know the area, I can hit H Mart and then 5 minutes later, I'm in White Plains at Kam Sen.  You can't beat that.   I must admit that the H Mart in Hartsdale is the CLEANEST Asian market I've ever stepped foot in.  It's cleaner than Mitsuwa and that's a tall order to surpass.  So when I go there, I buy the usual stuff (Gochujang, buchimgae mix, dried noodles, yujacha...etc.) but H Mart is the only place RIGHT NOW where I can find both Tobagi Green Onion Kimchi and Makgeolli and that makes this guy a happy man indeed.  There are so many people working here and they have food samples, sushi, bakeries, little shops for the ladies to buy makeup.  It is a true experience coming here. Unfortunately, I haven't had any of the food from the food court.  When I go, it's a Navy Seals "In & Out Search & Rescue" type of thing because of the almost 2 hour drive back home.  I promise that I will eventually eat in the food court because it's a lively area of the store.  I hit H Mart on the way home from visiting family in the Bronx.   I cannot express my happiness for H Mart being relatively close to me.  I suggest you make the trip and enjoy what an exceptional Asian market should be.
Hmart should be five stars, it is the best Asian store I have ever been. but the old Asian man who works at the  seafood area made me take three stars off! He was soooo rude! Every time I ask him to help me weight seafood, he was no expression all the time, but, that's ok. The unbelievable thing is that when I asked any question about the seafood, he would be sooooooo upset and answer like' how should i know!' OMG you are the seller!  Let's say  if the question may be difficult (I really don'tt think the question like 'which kind of fish has less bones" would be a hard one..) , could you just ask someone else or say' sorry, I am not that clear about this'  at least!! but his words' How should I know!'  excuse me ? could you be more rude and mean?! at first I thought that may be my fault to ask any question to a man at seafood area, but when I talked with my friends, they all do not like this man and say never  buy seafood at Hmart, just because of this mean guy! My suggestion to this man, if you don';t know how to do your work, learn from the young guy who work with you!!! He is much younger than you, but he knows how to communicate with people and how to serve the customers!!!!  watch and learn!! We hope the manager will also think this guy need to talk!! or  please fire him!! customers don;t like him and won;t come back just because of him!
I have a love/hate with this place. I love how spacious this place is. I hate how Americanized it is. I'm sorry, but i mean this is supposed to be a Korean supermarket. If you go to other HMarts in NJ, Queens, and Manhattan, they usually only have 1 aisle of Americanized goods. This place has a bunch of aisles. I do like how spacious this place is. They offer good quality food, and they offer lots of freebies that they cook around the store. Another complaint - it gets crowded and the food court is soooo small. I wish they expanded the food court menu too. Where is the soondae at? Can we also get some makgollee and soju up in this piece? thank you.
I love this place. This is the best Asian supermarket closest to Beacon, NY.  I would drive an hour for this place any day. This place not only has some of the largest and best selections of Asian foods but they also have a little food court.  Although this place is Korean owned, they still have a large selection of chinese, japanese and filipino selections.  Also, they have a great meat, poultry and fish dept.   H stand for "Hallelujah" there's an Asian Supermarket that has everything I need. :)
I'm only going to rate the food court here. It's a good option for a relatively cheap, fresh dinner. But you really have to know what to order -- and when. My mistake is that I ordered vegetarian Chinese noodles...never again! The noodles were good texture but the veggies were mostly onions. Very disappointing. But then, I sent a friend there and she and her husband are hooked on the Korean menu. You get soup and all kinds of extra add-ons with your entrees. The selections are meat-heavy and mostly spicy, so if those appeal, you will probably be in heaven. After 8 pm, the boxed sushi goes on sale. The selections here are okay but nothing special. My favorite spot is the little bakery which has good beverage and lots of tasty treats. Try the crispy fried bun stuffed with tuna salad!
Oh, boy...I went completely nuts here. It's a perfect Korean supermarket with just about everything you can imagine. They also have regular and other Asian groceries, freshly prepared food, fresh kimchi (about 200 versions), Korean BBQ etc... I couldn't make up my mind and bought so much food - we will have a "Korean weekend"! Whoo-hooo! If my husband ever has to post a "missing person" search, I will be here, lost in the aisles.
Came in to shop at 9:44 pm with my girlfriend to pick up one item, not even crossing our minds that there might be a problem since the store's own website and every circular I have seen since their opening has advertised a 10 pm closing time. Immediately greeted at the door by an ogrish security guard (note that I have been to every one of their Flushing locations and the one in Manhattan and there are no guards) who imposed himself on us saying, "you have two minutes I hope you guys know what you want." I pulled out my cell phone in confusion noting the time was 9:44 and he replied, "oh I have one of those too. The store closes at 10 to 10." After I objected (because of every source I have seen stating 10 pm), he took an even nastier tone and said "you so sure of yourself Sir? There's a sign out here ill show you." I declined and told him we know what we want, and had to uncomfortably move around him to go inside. Never in my life have I seen such a ridiculous display of unnecessary, imposing, and insulting "security" at a grocery store in one of the safest neighborhoods in Westchester. It was borderline harassment, accompanied by an incredibly disorganized example of store management regarding their closing time. For the record, after we exited, we looked and there were hours posted near the front of the store next to the entrance door, on a laminated 8 1/2 by 11 sheet of paper that did in fact state 9:50. One would hardly notice it. It still boggles my mind why they would even implement such an odd closing time in the first place and so strictly enforce it, especially when EVERY SINGLE reference to their closing time elsewhere says 10 pm since their opening over 1 year ago. What does the 10 minutes save? Clearly not customer satisfaction, because we saw another family being hassled by the guard shortly after we initially got passed him, expressing the same confusion about 10 pm. Really hmart? Who do you think you are? I'm taking my shopping elsewhere.
Life has changed since Hmart has opened in Westchester.  It's so convenient to have access to Asian foods, pre made Korean dishes, frozen dumplings, and all different kinds of kimchi!  Not to mention kitchen knick knacks, glassware, and beauty supplies.  I used to have to pay a toll and go to Queens for Korean food supplies.  The food court has a great variety of food and daily specials, from Japanese ramen to bulgogi and kimchi jjigae, it's all there.
A great Asian grocery store that has just about everything you need to make Asian dishes.  They have sample stations all around the store (people cooking food and giving samples as well as their chips/snacks out for sample).  I found everything I was looking for.  The prices were so-so (I'm comparing to shopping at 99 Ranch Market in California or Chinatown in NYC).  Lots of parking.
This food court puts out some really amazing Korean food. They even do a good job with their take on Japanese ramen and "Chinese" food. The soy sauce ramen and the miso ramen are good, as is the kimchee ramen if you like spicy. Try the Mongolian beef if you want beef the quality that you rarely see in Most Chinese places. (Koreans know their beef!)
The closest place to get korean groceries & cheaper korean food if you live in the southern CT region. There is a food court inside that serves three types of food (really all korean food, but they choose to split it between chinese/japanese/korean) and the menu is extensive and relatively cheap! Would strongly recommend going there if you craving korean food and don't feel like driving to flushing / nyc. Will not rate the groceries as I have nothing to compare but I will say the selection is extensive.
Huge Asian supermarket.  The produce and fish here are incredibly fresh and they boast an excellent selection of items and brands, even for non-Asian products and ingredients.  The staff is friendly and helpful, eager to offer assistance, recommendations, and samples when asked.  (Thanks to the friendly gentleman from Osaka who advised me on the best brands for soy sauce and rice vinegar!) Speaking of samples, we tried everything from gyoza to fresh fruit to okonomiyaki to mochi icecream.  We must have walked by something like fifteen stations!  I didn't try the cafeteria located inside the store, but I may have to after eating so many delicious samples and reading so many positive reviews. The place can be a zoo at times.  The aisles are quite narrow and the parking lot gets packed during busy hours. I find the prices to be reasonable and, at times, a great bargain.
I was searching for a Korean food mart and landed on this. It's almost an hour from where I live, but the drive was completely worth it. I stocked up on tons of Korean junk food, makkoli, steamed buns, mandu, gochujong, and tons of other delicious korean things. They have tons of sample stations throughout the store and people telling you what's on sale. The fish, fruit, and vegetables look fresh and are priced well. The drive is worth every penny. I have prepared foods for lunch for at least a week. The food court is pretty good, too. I ordered the samgyetang and I was pretty impressed. It was good for the price.
Great Chain supermarket. I remember when this location was a Ghetto -Pathmark. My brother & I would stop in here, to grab couple necessities. It was awful, grimy, shelves empty, produce was brown. Now-H Mart, so fresh & so clean!!! Customer service desk, produce & meat , seafood Sooooo VERY fresh, people come from all over, keeps turn over quick & they maintain their products. The Seafood area is Exceptional!! Great spot if you don't wanna go to Flushing or neighboring Asian spots!! Love this spot, Club member specials, coupons -Whoo Hoo!!
On a sunny and warm Saturday at 1pm I braved the crowds at this awesome (mega?) market. I didn't stay long and only ventured through about 1/3 of the space, but I was thoroughly impressed with my experience. As a fruit and vegetable enthusiast, I was super impressed. The produce aisles were abound with exotic and not-so-exotic fresh fruits and vegetables at very reasonable prices! I loved their prepackaged offerings. I bought a trifecta of julienned zucchini, yellow squash, and carrots for about $2.50. The thing was huge and overflowing with freshly shredded veggies. Days later I threw them in a pan with a shitake, red pepper, scallion and broccoli mix I'd also purchased. All vegetables were still very fresh and crunchy. I figure this to mean that they were cut and packaged that Friday or Saturday. I often find when I buy prepackaged veggies (cough cough Trader Joe's cough cough) the veggies go bad in 2-3 days; sometimes before I can even use them. They also have a small wall of Kimchi options. From radishes, to cabbage to fermented bean sprouts! Yum. And all of it was again reasonably priced. I quickly browsed the dairy section (nothing entirely special or out of the ordinary) and the marinated meats and hot bar (looked great). I must caution though, that this supermarket was packed. to. the. brim. with pushy and sometimes inconsiderate customers who'd leave their carts in the aisles with no regard to others. Because of that, I'd caution against patronizing at busier times if possible (weekends, etc.) The parking lot can also be a little crazy but it's easy to park instead in front of the Mrs. Green's supermarket right next store. I'm looking forward to returning to explore the dry goods and appliance aisles as well as the much hyped food court.
Great, fun Korean supermarket.  An amazing assortment of things that you will never see anywhere else.  I recently bought my first durian there.  The marinated meat is excellent- great flavor and easy to grill.  Haven't tried the food court yet, but it's on my to do list.
One of the good Hmarts! HUGE selection, decent food, and they have great prices. Downside is their bathroom availability for such a huge place. After all, this shopping center has a bakery/food court area for people to stay and eat food and chill. Lack of access to the bathroom is a no no for me.
When I go to the food court, I almost always get the jampong from Chinese House.  This time, we did not have time to sit so we ordered some fried dumpling and the giant king dumplings to go.  Fortunately for us, they mixed up our order with someone else.  We found out as we were looking to dig into the dumplings in the car.  They gave us two containers of lo mein.  I went back inside and they immediately knew what I had come back for.  Since they already made another order of the lo mein for the other customer, they gave us the orders for free.  They were sooo good.  It's probably not too different in flavor from what you get at standard chinese restaurants, but they use their hand pulled noodles.  Chewy goodness!  This may have replaced our order of jjajangmyun.
Is it just me or have they gotten more expensive?!?  I've been finding my weekly grocery items (lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, etc.)  cheaper at other places.  A bit disappointed as this used to be my go-to spot for produce.
I am so glad we have this jewel of a place here. The service is generally nice, and the establishment is clean. The price reasonable and the produce fresh. OMG! This is one of my favorite grocery shopping places here (if not the best!). I especially love the quality of raw fish. Supreme. My husband is a Scandinavian and loves/can detect fresh fish like no other. He IS impressed. Once in a while, we get bad fruits, but it seems like not necessarily their fault, but the weather. Hopefully they provide the same quality goods for a long to come, and I will be their fan as long.
I had really been expecting much of the same of the new Hartsdale branch of H Mart as I have come to expect from the Fort Lee location I have patronized over the last couple of years or so. But wow! was I ever surprised when I finally walked through its doors! It is vastly better than the one I had been to with more light, more air, better organization, food sampling areas, ready to eat foods galore and even a food court. I was able to find all my usual suspects plus some newbies for my education. We had a veritable Smörgåsbord of Korean Jinga delicacies that night at home, gleaning our menu from their prepared offerings, including seaweed salad, fishcakes, spicy cucumbers, kim chi, marinated tofu... It was a feast! Not bad for what it was. The one negatory occurrence was that we did decide to park our brimming buggy and have a bite in the food court. I chose the Korean stand (there is also a Chinese and a Japanese counter) and ordered their C21 Shin Ramen Noodle which was listed in the vegetarian section of the board. When I got it it was full of seafood which seemed strange to me. I did return it for what I had then hoped would be a vegetarian based ramen dish but I would not bet the farm...though there were no obvious signs. I did see the chef crack open a new package of some variety of oodles of noodles and from what I saw on the shelf I would not exactly buy it... Not  my thing but I am sure others love it. :))) I am glad we have the H Mart now in what had been a supermarket. I am always happy to see building repurposed instead of torn down, built from scratch when so many of them stand vacant. Hooray for that! Their high yelp marks are well deserved and with the diversity of the clientele there, something not as noticeable in Fort Lee, I am sure the Westchesterites will be supporting them full force and H Mart will be there for a long time to come. I know I will do what  can to help them along. ;))) Oh, and get their frequent buyers card. $10 off after spending $1000! ;))) This was an amazing moment!! Please watch. And bring tissues!!! youtube.com/watch?v=tZ46… You rock, Dayfly Boy!!!
I love this place! It's a bit more Americanized than the one I'm used to in California--just an observation, no problems with it. I love their selection of groceries! Plus, they have yummy marinated meat you can buy to cook at home as well as prepackaged banchan goodies! Their aisles are clearly marked. I bought my rice cooker here as well as an electric grill. They have quality products here and the workers are so friendly! New York isn't known for its friendly customer service, so that was quite refreshing. A little reminiscent of home! I'll definitely be back!
I've been back a ton of times in the last month, and this place impresses me more and more each time I visit. Aside from the superb produce which is second to none in the county, we just got the sushi grade salmon which was PHENOMENAL. There are very few supermarkets I'd trust enough to eat raw fish, but H Mart is definitely one of them. Best store for fresh veg, fruit, and proteins!!
I was so sad when Pathmark closed down, but how the sorrow disappears now that this new grocery store takes root!  H Mart, a Korean themed grocery store, I can now shop for my Kimchi and such without making a trek to Flushing or Northern NJ... Plus:   Mini food court inside Asian products Minus: My wasteline...  I'm making tons of late night runs
Brand new, clean, well stocked and organized.. Shocker for most azn markets. Food court is an added plus!  Good and cheap.. They lose a star because they have zero organic produce.  Kind of a let down this day and age.
Was not expecting this place to be as big as it was. This is a supermarket with an Asian focus that has pretty much everything! The produce section was rich with hard to find items, the meat section had the great thin cut marinated Korean style meats, and the seafood section offered a wide variety of fresh fish and other things (massive clams, uni, sushi grade fish, conch, etc.). Very impressed.
Just be careful when you buy any non-Asian products here, because either their POS system isn't synched up, or they are deliberately overcharging customers.   Three times in a row, I've come here and have been overcharged either $.50 or $1 for non-Asian items like milk, olive oil and arugula.
I might never go to a pathmark or Stop & Shop again. This place sounds like its a few letters of the alphabet down from a KMart, but it is really an Asian supermarket...and i do mean super. Best seafood section ever!...even edging out Stew's just because of the unique stuff you can buy. Good meat dept too..especially the American Kobe beef section..with the beef coming from Snake River Farms. I would say 2/3 of the store is Asian and the other thirs is standard American stuff. Prices are very good...welcome addition to the neighborhood. One star knocked off because i think half the people that work there dont speak English and it can be a mob scene since its new.
Like many others, I was happy to have an H-Mart in Westchester, and I've been to the store regularly since it opened. While it usually suffices for Asian groceries and seafood, there have been a few things that tasted seriously off, like the cucumber kimchi, and sea urchin. When I tried to return them, I discovered that the store has a very inflexible return policy. Produce, seafood, and refrigerated items have to be returned within 24 hours. The woman at the customer service counter was completely unresponsive when I tried to explain what was wrong with the items. As a person who lives 1.5 hours away upstate, it's impossible for me to make a trip just to return something within 24 hours. As a result, I was very unhappy with the customer service.
The H Mart in Hartsdale is the best I've been to. I work in Queens and there are 3 H Marts within a 10 mile radius of my office... heck, one is just one block away. But, I wait till I get home because this one is that much better. They have a wider range of items. The H Marts in Flushing cater to mainly Korean customers. However, the this H Mart is trying to cater to Chinese, Japanese and American customers as well. The samples are always good to try. Actually, I've never been to any store where the people serving samples eat so much of their own samples. haha does that make any sense?  I guess it just shows that it's good stuff! Another great item at this H Mart is the bubble tea at Tous de Jour bakery. I always got the green tea slush and my husband got the guava-pineapple mix slush and we both LOVED IT! All in all, we go to H Mart at least once a week for groceries and sometimes even the food court. Actually, it's one of the main reasons we won't move out of White Plains. Hahaha
Ok.. I admit I'm a little obsessive when it comes to spicy Asian Food. I live in NYC and Shop in Chinatown at least once a week. I have gone to ALL the H Marts in Queens and Manhattan... BUT ALL pale in comparison to this one. I'm staying at a friend's house here and find myself waking up and RUNNING--yes, RUNNING to H MART The Produce is incredibly Fresh: everything from Durian to Bock Choy and Fresh Home-made Kimchi There is also a small Restaurant area where they serve Sushi, Chinese and Korean cuisine. It's always busy. My only regret is that I'm a staunch New Yorker and to move out of the city would be unheard of for me... except if there was an Apt. available above this place. If they were to build a small Hotel attached to the store I would go there on the weekends.
This is a nice korean market located in Hartsdale, NY.  It is very big with a wide selection of meats, seafood, . nice fruits and vegetables.  I love their sample tables on the weekend I get to try different foods. coming here at night time, they mark the prices down to 50% off on the korean cooked foods, and rice cake snacks. they also have a food court with chinese, japanese and korean food. I tried the korean food and order the stews. it comes with rice, kimchi. very tasty.
I came across the Yelp listing for H Mart on a whim earlier today and decided that my boyfriend and I should check it out. We were out of sushi rice, and it seemed like as good a time as any to check out this store, which I found out only just opened last week. What luck! H Mart is located where a Pathmark used to be. It is a large grocery store, and certainly the largest specialty food store I've ever been in. They have a huge selection of Asian goods, primarily Korean, Japanese and Chinese (from what I can deduce anyway). The store has a food court, which as 3 shops serving food: Chinese, Japanese and Korean. The food court sadly doesn't have many tables and chairs, but there was a sign up saying that it was an issue to do with town zoning and that they were working on fixing that as soon as possible. My boyfriend and I both ordered some food from the Japanese shop, and it was very good. I was very impressed by this store. The selection of items is large, the vegetables look very fresh. There are also a variety of conventional foods... Hispanic, American and Italian things, regular grocery store stuff. There are coolers with all kinds of pickled Korean foods, a huge fish department with lots of live fish in tanks. While we were there they were also breaking down a huge side of fresh tuna. There is also a French style bakery located within (Tous les Jours), and a shop selling cosmetics. I don't know if this is a feature they'll be keeping, or if it was due to their recent opening, but there were many small stands throughout the store with samples of all kinds of foods. Another thing I was very impressed by was price. Things were very reasonably priced, and I saw plenty of items that were much cheaper than at your average grocery chain. Snow peas were $0.99 per pound! and there were large bulk blocks of tofu that cost about $5 for 6 lbs. Our only mistake was going on a Saturday afternoon about a week after their grand opening. It was VERY busy. However, we will certainly be going back on other (hopefully quieter) occasions.
I'm not sure what I did before H-mart opened here. I absolutely love this place for all my grocery shopping needs. Let me first start by saying that this place is always immaculately clean, and employees are constantly mopping, sweeping, restocking, etc.  Their produce is always so fresh and fairly priced, have a huge variety, and can get all the essentials as well as some asian options (i.e yu choy, fresh kimchi, long beans, bitter melon).  This also applies to their pantry items- I can get anything from vegetable stock to miso and every soy sauce or rice under the sun. Wonderful and large seafood and meat section in the back and a large beer section in the front! A bonus is their cosmetics section and appliances aisle (I bought  my rice cooker here, on sale!). They make prepared foods that you can buy by the produce OR you can eat at the cafeteria, which is SO DELICIOUS (and cheap!). Chinese, Japanese, or Korean, you really cannot go wrong here. They make all of their noodles/dumplings fresh, and have amazing entrees to share or to go. I recommend their pork katsu or their spicy squid dish. There is also a bakery where you can buy pastries and cakes. On the weekends, you can walk around the store and there are free samples galore. Really love this supermarket and hope it's here to stay!
quality asian grocery mart. Wish they would build one closer to the Connecticut line!! Food is good quality and pretty inexpensive. Everything asian you can't find- even in the smaller markets- and huge bounties of it! My only concern- 1. it's kinda busy- so I leave my cart parked so I could peruse the veggies and not have to crash bang carts with everyone else- and- my friggin cart was stolen- and 2.- lots of older asian women on a mission and not a care in the world if they just smash right past you. prob just a cultural thing- but i'm so tired of people being so pushy and rude...with that being said- they have everything you might want (not as many thai or vietnamese options) but tons of korean/chinese/jap. I went specifically for hot pot items- and the shabu shabu beef and pork slices are awesome! Also bought a new smaller electric hot pot that came with a grill inside as well- and the little strainers for hot pot. Prob prices in Chinatown might be cheaper- but it's nice to have a grocery store and not have to deal with lugging your shiv everywhere- lots of parking. Huge frozen dumplings and a huge case of fish balls/cakes you can pick your own assortment from. Also many ready made options- marinated meat for BBQ, banchan dishes- kimchi, tofu, spinach, etc. smoked tofu, puffed tofu, every kind of asian veggie under the sun- fruits too. Fresh fish. frozen fish. they also have the frozen containers of thinly sliced meats for shabu shabu- and really good selections of fresh meats- kobe, omi- pork belly. YUM! really really wish they would build one in Danbury!!
I was really impressed with the Korean supermarket near me called HMart. The food at the food court area offers tremendous value and quality! The big bowl soups are extraordinary and come out piping hot. The ingredients are very fresh and the food is well prepared. Even though you dine in a cafeteria like setting, the quality of the food rivals and beats fully dedicated restaurants I've been to. The produce section is nice and has stuff you can't get at your typical grocery store. They also have little tasting tables throughout the store where you can sample food!   The French style bakery has some interesting pastries and very good illy Italian coffee. The store is clean and well kept, although they could have a bigger bathroom as sometimes there's a line for it.
fresh ramen packs back by the food court!! RAMEN RAMEN RAMEN
I love H Mart no matter where I go. It's the one stop shop for all your Korean cravings... except for alcohol in this case. The food court here looks pretty good, the portions are generous and the people eating seem to really enjoy their food, however the seating area is limited and there are so many people standing around like vultures waiting for a table that I'm not sure if I can really eat and enjoy in peace. I guess the key is to go during the weekdays when there are less people. Also their bakery is very nice, you can see the kitchen where all the bakers are busy at work. However, I was a bit bummed because I couldn't find my blueberry cheesecake with fresh cream. Better luck next time I guess.
Very clean and organized for an asian market! They have a little food court section for fresh asian food and the prices are very fair. They also have a nice fresh seafood section with prepared raw fish for sushi, perfect for anyone wanting to make their own sushi meal at home. I was really surprised to see how many different asian food products they had! Its really an adventure shopping here.
Unless you want to brave the crowds of flushing, queens, this is a decent option It is big enough to grab what you want, the service is rude like all asian grocers but hey you can get asian food in the usa Not bad at all Prices vary, high compared to flushing
As good as you can get for a specialty Asian grocery store. Always meticulously clean, large variety of pan-Asian pantry items, and good customer service.
This place is amazing. So glad that they opened a location in Westchester! Korean supermarket with American products as well. Love the aisle of Kimchee. Yummy samples as well. Other than the supermarket aspect, there's also a food court - Chinese, Japanese, and Korean food, and a French bakery, with delicious pastries.
We used to trek over to NJ for the Korean and Japanese supermarkets when we wanted Asian groceries but the ever-increasing tolls for the GW Bridge has changed our habits. We happen to stumble upon this place after shopping at the mall with the Target in White Plains. This H Mart is very clean and well-stocked with a variety of western and Asian grocery products. I've been to a couple of other H Marts in NJ and they were either not as clean or as big. Our favorite areas/items are the pre-marinated meats and their vegetables and fruits.  You can get ready-to-cook bulgogi for $5.99/lb.  That's a steal! And the little guy in my profile picture loves the stuff (we rinse it off for him, of course)!  Makes for quick easy meals during the week. Veggies and fruits were vibrant and there was a good selection. They even have okra. Other positives: *The numerous sample stations. I did not partake but I think you can almost get a full meal just by making the rounds. They even had ice cream mochi samples this past weekend, so you can dessert too! *Seafood looked really fresh. And it smelled fresh too - meaning there was no smell. Koreans take their fish seriously. *Decent craft beer selection - who would've thought!?! Negatives for me would be:   *Parking near the entrance was a zoo.  As a matter of fact, I noticed an ambulance in the lot and person who was down being attended to.  And no, I'm not even gonna get into the Asian driver thing! Just kidding! Here's a tip:  enter by the entrance that is further north by the pet products store, park reasonably close and walk a little bit to H Mart. Less headache. *Food court looked like a zoo. Kinda ghetto. I will definitely not partake unless it was off-hours. They actually sell cooked food by the pound by the pre-marinated meat section. That seems much easier if you want a quick snack. *Aisle widths - It was very tight while using their carts and I had to constantly move other peoples' carts out of the way. Yes, they would just kinda leave their full carts around while wandering an aisle. I don't think there is a huge Korean population here but this place is gonna make it as there were tons of non-Asians shopping for groceries here as well.
Every time I go here, it's like an Asian person's reunion. I see so many people I haven't seen in forever... lol Food in the food court is quite good for the price especially. The spicy seafood noodle soup from the Chinese menu is very korean-ish but very good. 50% preprepped food is also good after 8PM. I've had the pre-marinaded Bulgogi (sp?) and it's good, although a little on the sweet side. So. Good.
Still at three stars but slipping fast. Since they've opened (I was ecstatic when that happened...and would have given 5 stars had I written a review) they've gotten less friendly and more expensive. I don't mind paying a little extra in the suburbs but the bag of rice that I bought on sale here @ $13 is regularly $9 at JMart in Flushing. My bad...won't happen again. I now treat HMart like I would any other supermarket...I go there for things that I absolutely can't buy elsewhere, I shop the sales and I check all prices before putting something in my cart. Produce is still worth looking at...a lot of it is higher quality that local supermarkets and certainly a better selection of Asian fruits and vegetables...but watch the prices! I also like the Korean butchers' cuts of meat...good selection of thinly sliced meats that are hard to find elsewhere...also a wide range of grading within a product class. Some of the higher graded meat gets pricey...but it's good stuff. Again, buy here what you can't get elsewhere. Seafood dept is pretty good. Good turnover hopefully means fresher fish. I'm not impressed with the food court. Mediocre at best. I guess you do need to go to Queens for some things after all.
It looks like China/Korea/Japan town has landed in Hartsdale. Lest we not forget the Filipino, Hmong, Vietnamese, Laotian, Thai, Indonesian, and East Asian  products that line this gigantic supermarket. As far as I have explored, they have aisles for every kind of Asian product you can think of. Meats, exotic vegetables, bubble tea, and home cooked meals are all available (if you're willing to stand in long lines). When I say home cooked meals, you have one corner of the store that serves hot Korean, Japanese, and Chinese platters. They are a bit pricey and there's pretty much no space to sit considering the food's popularity. They taste absolutely delicious though - a step up from your average Chinese take out. Other than that, they sell bubble tea, which is on par with the bubble teas they serve in Flushing (a Queens neighborhood known for it's abundance of bubble tea joints). Lastly, I would recommend taking a look at their seafood. It's crowded alright, but it's really no big deal. You can deal with it. It looks like massive markets are becoming the piecemeal of Central Ave. Shoprite has followed suit and I wouldn't be surprised if a Whole Foods should move in one year.
Wow. What a deal. This place may be the best market I've found. Get a pound of boars head turkey for $6.99, kimchi, bulgogi, fresh noodles, fresh fish, fruits, Chinese, Korean, and Italian food. Who knew. Can't beat their pricing. Food court is only reason not 5 star. Food in court, could get 1 star if you order the wrong food. I've had some horrible things, and some good things depending on what I've ordered. I'm very adventurous when I eat, and this is not the place to do that. Stick with basics if eating there (noodle soups etc).
A very cool Asian supermarket that will change some of my shopping habits.  Check out my posts at lovearoundtheisland.com/… lovearoundtheisland.com/… The seafood section was one of the freshest and well stocked I have come across in a very long time. Well maybe Hunts Point will beat them.
I have decided to update my review for H mart as it has much better / friendlier customer service.  I now go there once a week as I can buy other items like milk, orange juice, produce, meat etc.  It is not just Korean food. Their vegetables and fruits selections are good and prices are reasonable. Thin sliced meats are good and reasonably priced. Fish selections are quite vast. Marinated meat are tasty and convenient. I am amazed by their selection of dim sum items in frozen section.  Also, they have many kitchen gadgets from East Asia, which is a big help in Asian cooking as well. Variety of drinks from many places in East Asia and also many snacks are available, too. I like their eat-in food court - especially Korean.   I also enjoy the bakery, which is actually a different store called Tous Les Jours - you have to pay separately. If you go there often and accumulate points, you can get store gift card (not items, but actually you can use for shopping!)
This Supermarket is amazing. imagine going to Chinatown with AC unit, without the hassle and dazzle of people and vehicle traffic. wide variety of Asian products including Chinese of course, Korean, Filipino, Japanese, And more. they also have a food court and  Tours les hours bakery inside! Love it
Luv this place! Luv the Asian food variety. The restaurant's overpriced but the bakery's not to b skipped. Free parking.
Great combination of American supermarket, Asian specialties, and a very complete meat section.  Then when you see the fresh seafood or even the frozen section then you know you are in HMart!! The food and coffee retail sections inside just put it over the edge.  All they need now are the scanners to keep track for the shopping cart!!
Sweet dreams have come true! Finally an Asian superstore. I was dancing Gangham style through the aisles! One of the freshest and cleanest seafood departments I've ever seen. Meat department exceeds expectations and hot food is outrgeous. One stop shopping for Chinese, Korean, Thai, Japanese American groceries. Ample parking. Courteous staff.
I've become a regular here. Love the banchan, meat, seafood sections. Produce is pretty good, though for Asian greens etc I'd give the edge to KamSen (but Hmart has much more selection in "Western" produce). Grocery aisles are good, and prices for Japanese products are much better than the Japanese markets. It can be confusing finding things (and some things are on different aisles for Korean, Japanese, and Chinese versions), and hard to find help (who understand English) at times. But clean, cheerful, and quick checkout.
This Hmart located is Hartsdale is a lot cleaner and fresher produce compared to other Hmarts around the tristate area. They also have a cafeteria and tous les jour bakery which is a plus! However, chinese food in the cafeteria was horrible. I ordered ja jang myun but the sauce was so watered down. Believe me I'm not a picky eater but this was horrible! I can say though the service was great and everyone who worked there seemed to be really polite. Maybe next time I'll try something else.
It is generally more expensive than other shops. Selection is decent but the ones I really want is not available. I guess it is convenient for people who lives around there. If you don't mind venturing further I think there are better choices. Customer service is lacking and they hardly speak much English. The food court really sucks. The Korean ramen I ordered is straight from a pack I can buy for 50 cents. And they charge 7 bucks. NEVER go there again.
We are in Flushing Queens quite often and live here in Westchester. I was so glad they opened here. The produce when compared with many other markets is a step above in quality and price. The store is bright and was crowded even on a weekday but it will subside once the new thing wears off. I'm sure many people will find H mart as their new favorite place to shop for fruits and veggies. The prepared foods are wonderful. Do not forget to bring your shopping bags with you so we can cut down on all the plastic bags ! The fish section is wonderful. Nice job on the new store H Mart!
I heard about this place for the first time last week. It is awesome. It has pretty much everything you would need or want from an Asian supermarket. It is also very clean and organized. I saw the food court and haven't tried it yet but will soon.   I bought a variety of Korean small plates, pancakes, fried rice, cake, noodles and sashimi. Everything looks so fresh and inviting. There were samples throughout the store as well. I will definitely be a regular.
No ifs or buts, this is the best supermarket in the area. Yes, we have Trader Joe's and Whole Foods, but there is no comparison! You'll still want basics, e.g cereal and meat, from your local market, but this place is a weekly destination.
I love this H mart!!!!!!! Trust me, I live near the H mart in the city and this is 100x times better. It's nice and spread out with plenty of room and they have every Asian ingredient you can find. Prices are very cheap compared to anything in the city, but prices are only fair when compared to other stores in the suburbs. However, I'd come here in a heartbeat even if I ended up spending a few more bucks in the end over some place cheaper. There's always free samples of products and sashimi, and the bakery there is SO GOOD. We got a few buns (tuna, curry, and pork) that were freshly baked and still warm, as well as the strawberry shortcake. The food court is a bit too overpriced for me, but overall this place ROCKS!! Shopping here is like an experience. I just introduced this place to my boyfriend's family and they're obsessed now too. As an FYI, I've run into family friends here who traveled from Connecticut and New Jersey to shop here. So goooooooo!!
Sushi is well priced. Produce is fresh and so is all seafood. They have Korean, Japanese, and Chinese food menu. If you are looking for great hot food, choose from the top three menus. If you are looming for a quick cheap snack, go there after 8 pm and purchase all sushi dishes for half price.
I love H Mart! I grew up in LA, where there were plenty of Korean mega-grocery stores, and I was sad to say goodbye to all my favorite Korean products when I moved here. Then I found H Mart! And I fell in love. This isn't as big or classy as Galleria in LA but they have everything you need, including a Tous Les Jours (albeit  a very small one)! Just come, have dinner, and then do your grocery shopping. The little food court is a great deal (compared to an actual Korean restaurant) and I can't wait to try more of the menu. There's nothing like duk guk (rice cake soup) on a cold night.
The only thing better than Hartsdale Hmart is Flushing Hmart.
Love this place.. It's inviting.. Groceries, market, bakery, restaurant. Very nice addition to the area. I've been here twice in one week.. I love the bakery, macaroons are great.. A must visit..
Wonderful selection. Especially the bakery.
Excellent produce choices and prices. Friendly, helpful staff and lots of samples. Love the food court and tons of pre cooked meals to take home. Huge Korean food choices which is new to area that typically caters to Chinese & Japanese products not so much Korean.  Have shopped there several times and been happy and satisfied with all products.  Can't wait to return for the Mongolian Beef.
Omg! What a great market! Im so happy is here in Westchester.  I don't have to travel to Queens or NJ. Everything is fresh!
So when they first opened, this place was so friendly, reasonably priced and accomadating. Then the night mare begins....Morton Williams closes down and pop!!! The prices of H mart sky rocket into orbit. Well, that's okay for the neighborhood, as moderate to poor people won't go here. Most license plates are from Connecticut. Maybe...Greenwich? Well, I refuse to pay those prices. I will not patronize a place like that. Also, the lady that gives samples of the fruits will yell at you for taking one of each fruit and tell you to go away. Their meats are gross and where does it come from, and is it even Graded by the USDA?The fish is gross, where is that from? Pretty scary thought, isn't it? I asked for help reading something on a package that was from Korea and not one person could help me. What if I had an allergy of some sort? Not customer oriented, not a useful super market for Hartsdale and very pricey. But happy that the bottle return area does not attract slobs in the gutter! Amen to that! Going to Trader Joe's all the time now. Siyonara H Mart!!!
Love this place!  I'm so glad it finally opened.  Fresh produce and lots of food selection.  Actually, the selection is amazing.  Not only does it have American and Korean staples, it has a lot of Chinese and Japanese products as well.  The place is sparkling!  The only drawback:  it's too small!  And the food court is ridiculously small.  Other than that, it's perfect.
I love is store.  They have been offering fresh main lobster for $4.99 per lb. all summer.  The sea food section is AMAZING!  They have a diverse selection and excellent prices.  Recently they have been running shrimp specials for $5.99 per lb. too.  We regularly buy the preseasoned Korean barbecued pork and chicken.  It makes dinners fast and easy.  Also, their fresh produce selection is superb.  Each weekend the staff provides samples of a number of products in the store, which makes shopping here a bit of an adventure.  You can try radish kimchi, seafood pancakes, seaweed salad, pork bulgogi... and even some interesting sweet Korean bean paste desserts.  The selection of fresh fruits and melons is incomparable as well.  Don't pass by the bakery in the front of the store either...Tous Le Jour - they prepare amazing baked goods - try the red bean paste donut and a bubble tea in any flavor you can imagine!
Great selection of vegetables, different kinds of bok choy and they have other vegetables that you can't find anywhere else, like totchoy. The meat and fish selection are also really good. There is a bunch of marinated meats available that make cooking/grilling easy. The place is really big, but the aisles still feel very crowded because they put samples and small cooking stands at the end of many aisles. On Saturdays, it can be difficult to move your cart around. The prepared foods are ok, not as good as in restaurants. After coming here every week for the first two months since it opened, the novelty has worn off a little for me. The main draw for me is the produce. Prices are competitive. The other supermarkets are in trouble, especially the other Asian marts, but also the older Pathmarks on Central Park Ave.
This grocery store is awesome.  The banchan/prepared foods section is amazing, as is the seafood, meat, and produce.  All are extremely fresh, and priced very resonable to downright cheap.
LOVE this place. I only gave it 4 starts instead of 5 because I wish the Japanese section was bigger, and I wish the people in the store spoke better English. I find the Asian condiment aisles out of whack and it took me forever to find fish sauce, Siracha and oyster sauce, and no one working there could understand me. But other than that, this place is fabulous and CLEAN. I love Kam Sem, but it's dirty and I love Daido, but I had worms in my fish there. The produce here is relatively inexpensive and varied. I bought a huge amount of Keffir lime leaves for a quarter of the price elsewhere. The fish is so fresh and inexpensive. We love to get the shrimp with head on, that's hard to find where we live. Going to H Mart with my 5 and 7 year old American kids is always an event. They love to eat in the dining court and get the Korean seafood pancake. It's so yummy. Oh, and the seaweed snacks, 8 packages for like $3, when they sell them for $1 a pack at Trader Joes, and I thought that was cheap at first. The local health store sells one pack for $3! So glad to have this place, even though it's 25 minutes away. We'll travel for H Mart!
