I love the staff.  They are so friendly and attentive.   The food is great.  The phoenix roll, midori roll and the jalapeño yellow tail roll are my favorites.
What can I say, love this place :) Derrick is super friendly, try the Kani Salad, Sunshine Roll &Tiger Roll You can sit & chat & stay like your in your own living room ;)
There are many Japanese places to choose from in Hartsdale but Kyo Sushi always stands out as THE best. The sushi is always fresh, it melts in your mouth like butter. The selection goes from basic to specialty and everything in between. My favorites are the crunchy Fanshi and colorful Rainbow rolls. They go wonderfully with their light and refreshing Kani salad. Totally addicted.   The staff is beyond friendly and welcoming. You feel as if they have known you for years even on the first visit. I use seamless to order delivery often and never have an issue even with special requests. The only problem with this review is, now my mouth is watering.
There aren't enough words to say about Kyo! The fabulous brother team make for an awesome experience every time. The amazing food and service is exceptional . When you walk in the doors you are automatically greeted like family .. Kyo is an absolute gem and we love it every time !! Sofia and Greg huge fans , our weekly fix is always needed !!
Agree with the great ratings, this place is fantastic.  The sushi is absolutely fresh, salads are great, service is great.  The decor is simple, and while I always wish sushi places served liquor, at least you're assured of super fresh sushi.  If looking in Westchester, this is a great option.
These people are experts at lunch specials. I'm just imagining what they can do for dinner. I come here once in a while if I'm in the area. I order crunchy spicy rolls and miso soup, nothing fancy but they MAKE it Fancy. I'm talking crumble the crunch on top of more crunch. $10.50. Awesome. And no Westchester obnoxiousness...just quiet, delicious sushi.
The food is exceptional! For starters, the seaweed, avocado, and Kani salad are all delicious. The sushi is so fresh and the rolls are very creative. I've tried every roll as well as their sashimi. For hot foods, I recommend salmon and chicken teriyaki with their fried rice. You can't go wrong with ordering anything here. What makes the food is their own home made sauces. The ginger dressing is great. The home made hot sauce was tasty and enjoyable. It's the perfect spices with a nice smokey flavor.  It's my favorite sushi restaurant in the New York area! The decor is beautiful inside. Fridays and Saturdays are busy so if you don't want to wait, the best is to go on a weekday. The owners, Derek and Darryl, exemplify customer service. They're very courteous and sincere with people's patronage. the staff is great and it's truly a 5 star experience every time I visit. Would definitely recommend! *******
GET THE WINNIE ROLL NOW!! GET IT!! No questions asked... BTW, the fish is definitely amazing. I haven't tried Azuma yet but I really like this place and I hope do too! The people doing sushi were really good at it. The place is rather small but the service and waiters are awesome. Keep the good sushi coming...
I've been here a bunch of times and every time it doesn't disappoint! The staff is friendly and they make you feel right at home..all the sushi is very fresh! I ordered the miso soup and it was delicious. We then ordered the gyoza and they were very flavorful and crispy. We ordered a bunch or sushi rolls. The kyo California roll, the jalapeño roll, dragon roll, rainbow roll, and the last one was a recommendation.  They were all delicious and the fish was fresh!! I love this place and it is hands down my favorite sushi place in westchester!
Came here for dinner per a friend's recommendation. I like the minimalist decor, all wood and very cozy. Had a variety of rolls and they were delicious and perfectly sized. The fish was fresh and I really liked the rice. Service was excellent, it's run by two brothers and they are very friendly.
Been here multiple times past year or so. Staff is very friendly and welcoming each visit.  Place is cozy, and warm, great for nice quiet meal. Everything I have tried so far on their menu are fantastic. Rolls are sushi are always well made, beautiful to the eye and satisfying to the palate. Even lunch boxes are well priced with great food. Would definitely continue to return, and recommend to anyone who asks.
We read all your reviews and went tonight.  The block they are on does not reflect their lovely welcoming fresh interior-- lovely with white oak tables. 6 ft tall genuine lovely bamboo and a very attractive sushi bar.  It is clean with comfortable lighting and excellent staff service . The three young Korean gentleman working inside worked with great diligence and energy.  Their teriyaki sauce is excellent and has a magnificent Korean bar b que  touch depth. ( we love Korean food). The miso soup was like a Japanese mom's, seasoned perfectly .  The spicy tuna roll was finely chopped up tuna very nicely seasoned but a bit too mushy for me.   The rice in a bowl could have been much softer hotter.  The Bento Box dinner was a very good value.  The main disappointment was the tempura -- tasteless, thick western flour batter,  and long skinny shrimp one gets in more fast food Japanese kiosk type of locations in malls.  The dipping "dashi" sauce was thin too sweet incorrectly seasoned.     The chicken teriyaki was all cut up similar to Mall creations of chicken teriyaki. But the staff were excellent /reasonable pricing .
A favorite spot that is surprisingly empty at lunch time given the excellent food, friendly and attentive service, and very reasonably priced specials.  The rolls, miso soup and hot tea are at the top of my list when I crave sushi.  I have never been let down by my visits to this restaurant.
I've eaten here before...well maybe not eaten here but I've certainly ordered enough takeout from here.  The food has always been fantastic but sometimes delivery times can be  a little spotty...until last night anyway!! 1 hour and 45 minutes after placing my order and despite 2 assurances that the driver was on their way nothing had arrived.  Now considering that I live 5 minutes away and was told that my order would arrive in approximately 35-45 minutes this is simply ridiculous!  Needless to say I don't think I'll be ordering from here again....
Hands down my favorite sushi in Westchester.  The fish is fresh, and the specialty rolls are so creative!  The Geisha and Crystal rolls are my personal favorites, but you seriously can't go wrong with any of their rolls.  The presentation is always beautiful, the service is great and the prices are really reasonable.  I promise that you will not be disappointed!
Went there for a date. The place was nice and quiet. No need for a reservation (was during the week). We were promptly seated and attended to. The sushi was great and the staff was super helpful. Definitely recommend for a date night or a night with friends.
All 3 sushi orders were well made. My wife liked it so it's a winner in my book. The kids also had a great time. Tiger roll was really the most creative I've seen so far
Securing a reservation was super easy, just call ahead and like speedy Gonzalez, the table of 10 was ready in a matter of minutes. We all arrived early (6pm) and were ushered to our seats. The restaurant isn't that big to begin with, one glance and you've pretty much seen everything. One thing is for sure, for a big table, make sure you sit on the outside to avoid everyone getting up when you need to use the bathroom. Sandwiched  between my beb's niece and nephew on the inside, I automatically became the babysitter. Lol! All the kids wanted to be next to me instead of their "Stinky Kufu" lol! Not surprised. Everyone ordered their own entrees and rolls. My sushi deluxe came with 9 pieces of sushi and a salmon roll. All were good and fresh. So why 3/3.5 stars? Because I've been spoiled by Sushi Nakazawa. I feel like that will forever be my benchmark now. Now if you don't know, then you better google it. Pretty solid place if you're in the mood for sushi and in the area. I will definitely be back to try their yummy looking rolls. Drool.
Service very poor tonite. Derek busy making sushi which is fair enough but that meant a new server. Food arrived in this order...wife's appetizer. Then after she was finished my Katsu main on its own no salad. Then when I asked about my sashimi rose appetizer it appeared after a few minutes. Still no salad. Then salad when I asked. Also had to ask (believe it or not) to have the 3 empty bottles removed as the table was tiny and the waitress just bought beer bottles but never thought to remove empties. First time anywhere I have had to ask to have empties removed. And only 4 tables being served. Would have changed to 2 stars but the food was good so will give the benefit of the doubt. But be careful. We will try once more in case it was just an off night.
We come to this great sushi restaurant in hartsdale all the time and are always happy that we do. The staff is super friendly and the fish is always very fresh and tasty.  We have sampled a broad assortment of their featured rolls and have enjoyed them all.  I have also tried most of the bento box combinations which feature cooked items like terriaki salmon. These are incredible bargains.  For great food, super friendly service and great value, I highly recommend kyo sushi in hartsdale
I LOVE Kyo! Derrick (one of the owners) is so amazingly kind and attentive (his brother  is the other owner and also lovely) My boyfriend and I come here every chance we get. The sunrise roll-- I literally crave. Creative and delicious rolls and great service. Highly recommend!!
Fancy dinner plans were canceled last minute, so what's a girl to do for dinner? After a few calls and no-go's, I dined alone at Hartsdale's newest sushi restaurant, KYO. Hot tea was immediately served on this frigid day. Going in, I knew I only wanted two rolls - no appetizers, no vegetarian, no brown rice. Of course, the word "heart-shaped" caught my eye and the signature Valentine Roll proved to be a true delight visually. With crab salad and avocado inside, and fresh tuna outside, I'm glad my "girly" instinct got this right. For my second choice, I always equate California rolls to "wimpy" sushi eaters. Those "I eat sushi, BUT..." With that said, did I really want to try the Kyo Special California Roll??? Without mentioning my internal dilemma, my waiter Derek's recommendation was you-know-what. It really is a unique interpretation of the traditional roll! Using essentially the same ingredients, the avocado and cucumber are on the inside, while spicy crabmeat and tobiko adorn the top. I couldn't be happier. Well, I could, but that's for another day! Note: Closed Mondays
I could write a long review, just go!!!! I'm a sushi expert, and they hands down have some of the best sushi in NYC. No exaggeration needed.
My favorite choice for Japanese delivery in the area as well as my favorite miso soup of any Japanese restaurant anywhere. Who knows why it's so good? It just is. Kyo is so reliable and easy when it comes to ordering delivery from them. I know it's not that interesting, but I like chicken teriyaki and really appreciate that there's an option for choosing white meat or dark and that you can also order brown rice. The taste is very clean and not loaded with too much goopy corn starch or anything. Super tasty. Also, your order is taken quickly and efficiently, and it arrives promptly as well. It's just so nice to find a reliable place. Obviously when you want delivery, you're not in the mindset of wanting to put up with too many irritations. I highly recommend Kyo and their miso soup especially.
Kyo sushi is delicious! Great selection of rolls on the lunch special. Fish was all fresh and yummy! Decor is nice including cute little plates shaped like leaves. The service was excellent which I personally think is hard to find in the sushi world of restaurants. I will definitely return here!
Love Kyo Sushi, aside from the fresh food and great taste the owners who I believe are two brothers are always really sweet, personal and welcoming. The food is also really good I usually get the shrimp teriyaki and maybe a California roll. They have great gyoza and also great lunch specials that give you the best bang for your buck. If you're looking for a sushi spot amongst other things this is definitely the place to try !
Had the desire for sushi. This place had the beat reviews and i can tell why. Now everything is relative in life, sushi locations are not excluded. This isn't the best that SFO has to offer but it is the best white plains NY has. The atmosphere is nice, standard sushi in a small town. The food and service is anything but standard. Well done on the quality of fish, rolls, sake and selection. I had 8 pieces of salmon sashimi, 4 yellowtail and 2 tuna. The salmon and yellowtail were amazing, the tuna...I've had much better at worse places. One frustrating thing was the thin slices of sashimi. A simple request for thicker slices yielded the result I was looking for.  I also had the Yellowtail jalapeño roll and the sakura roll. If I come back I'll pass on get the latter again. All in all a very nice surprise. I'll be back.
A little gem in Hartsdale. Friendly service from the owners, even simple options like miso soup and tempura and katsu are excellent and memorable.
I love Kyo! The maki combo is the perfect dinner. The owners are super friendly and make you feel at home. Don't forget that they are closed on Mondays though!
Friendly staff welcome as soon as you enter. Then it just gets better. The service is prompt attentive but never rushed. The menu has a good variety of hot and cold choices.  Even a fair amount of vegetarian items. The food is always well prepared and presented and fresh. I have been going here since the first opened and will continue to .
Sat at the bar and had the sushi chef Darryl recommend a number of items. A number of creations that he came up with along with the traditional. Everything was great! Really fresh and perfect rice to fish ratio. Really enjoyed the scallop sashimi and something Darryl came up with; yellowtail with a thin slice of jalepeno on top.... Lived in the city, lived in Fort Lee NJ (the capital of Korean Sashimi) and I have to say that this has officially become my "go-to" spot for a laid back, super fresh sushi dinner. The fish at Kyo was super fresh so I asked Darryl when he made his pick-ups. He mentioned that he picked it up that morning and has the same routine every morning. This is huge in my book! Kyo is a bit non-descript from the outside. Not very well lit and no huge signage...but definitely worth it when you find your way there. Bring quarters to feed the meters as they don't have dedicated parking. So, now, my former boss who joined me for sushi is raving about the place too. We plan to make it a regular meet-up spot whenever we are in the neighborhood.
This is one awesome sushi place.  More than i was expecting for a wasteland of a town.  I have eaten sushi all over and this was one of the best I have had anywhere in new york.  It is not LA... But would drive to come here.
Best Sushi around! Owners (2 brothers) are amazing people..I order from them at least once a month and they have catered parties for me as well. Not only is their food good but it's a pleasure to support these two brothers!
Loved it! miso soup was one of the best i have ever had. rainbow roll had a little too much avocado didn't think i would ever say that but it overpowered the fish. Have a great beer selection. cant wait to go back!
The service was really good. I don't know what they do to their green tea but it is magical. My sushi was delicious. This is a great option for sushi!
THE MOST delicious sushi I have ever had- and I eat a lot of sushi. The service is impeccable. I have never experienced such attentive and genuinely friendly people at a restaurant. My cup is always full. The sushi looks and tastes as fresh as it can be. If I had to go to just one place for sushi for the rest of my life, it would be Kyo Sushi.
Best sushi in Westchester!
I live very close by and visit this restaurant about once every 2 weeks with my boyfriend. The owners, Daryl and Derrick, and very welcoming and gracious. The sushi is great quality and prices are very affordable for the level of quality. In the Hartsdale neighborhood, there are 4 sushi restaurants in close proximity, 3 of them are within walking distance of each other. All 3 are excellent and I can easily recommend Kyo along with the others. However, I do believe Kyo's prices are better than the other 2 close by, and the quality is still excellent for the price.
Well, this is an easy update. After several more visits to Kyo I have to upgrade my review to 5 stars. I simply have nothing negative to say about them. The food is always fresh, the service stellar beyond reproach and the place is meticulous, creative, gracious and welcoming. My only criticism is that We live so far from Them! ;))) And that this song is going to be stuck in my head all night... youtube.com/watch?v=VVmb…
Fantastic neighborhood sushi spot. The fish is always really fresh and the chef and staff are friendly and welcoming. They deliver too, which is a nice perk. Highly recommended!
good sushi . Cute little place. Great prices. $12.95 for three rolls at night. Defiantly worth a try. Spicy rolls are great. Waiters were very attentive.
I am a huge sushi snob, but Kyo is now one of my favorite places to go. I had driven past it and honestly ignored it, because it had been so many other sushi restaurants, but when a friend told me it was worth checking out I went to lunch there. Derrek and Daryl, the brothers who own the place, are always there to greet you. They remembered my name after one visit and some of my specific preferences (no sesame seeds on the rolls and that I don't eat shellfish). The sushi is very fresh, the fish melts in your mouth and the rolls (even the regular ones) are generous. I live nearby and when I can't make it over I order for delivery--they are always very prompt, which is good, because it would be really gross if my order was being driven around for 45 minutes before it got to me. The only drawback is the parking. Forget trying to park at a meter on Central Avenue and use the lot across the street. I minor inconvenience, but well worth it. NOTE: Meters are in affect 24/7 so bring lots of quarters with you, because you won't want to rush your meal. A great addition to the area.
This is definitely a hole in the wall gem. The homemade ginger dressing is wonderful, light and fresh. The Miso Soup is delicious and not overpowered with salt! We weren't sure how many rolls to order between two of us, but the waiter told us five would be just about right. He was spot on. Six probably would have been too many. Some of the special rolls are quite sizable in proportion. We ordered three of the maiko roll three roll combo (eel and cucumber, spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail). The spicy mayo here is fantastic. They were quite spicy and we loved it. We also ordered the Fanshi roll, which has been mentioned already in other comments. We agree that it is really fantastic. The inferno wasn't the greatest, but that may have just been our taste. Overall a pretty good experience at a decent price. For two salads, edamame, Miso, and 5 rolls (two of which were special rolls), we only paid about $52.
My go-to for delivery/take-out sushi! Wide area of coverage, speedy delivery, reasonably priced and tasty food.
Finally, I have a great sushi place that I can go to when I'm at Hartsdale visiting my aunt :) Usually, my aunt and I order maki rolls at sushi restaurants, but because this place had such a nice feel to it, we decided to order the special rolls. -Hartsdale Roll - OMG this was amazing, each bite was pure heaven. The spicy mayo that went with it was delicious. -Tiger Roll - all the ingredients in this roll went well together. -Winnie Roll - similar to the Tiger roll, but it's topped with eel!! My favorite roll for sure. We also ordered the spicy tofu soup which was amazing, and we finished our lovely dinner with cheesecake tempura. YUM! The service is amazing, and the sushi chefs are super nice as well. Definitely coming back here again. Thanks Kyo!
yum!!!!! I came here once when I was visiting a friend around the neighborhood. I was starved for dinner and decided to try this place out due to all the great reviews. Once walking in I was immediately greeted by the owners, Darryl and Derrick. They made a couple recommendations, my favorites being the tiger roll (crab meat and avocado topped with shrimp tempura and spicy mayo) and crystal roll (spicy scallop with 4 types of caviar). I also tried out the sashimi rose. The fish surprisingly fresh, maybe one of the best I ever had; and the prices are affordable. I definitely will be returning for more sushi when I'm around the area!
Came here last night with a friend and my sister. I usually frequent sushi places in White Plains, but I was feeling adventurous last night, and saw the really good reviews for Kyo, so we ventured out! It is a cute little place with excellent prices. The price for 3 rolls at dinner time was only $12.95! Some places aren't even that inexpensive during lunch! We each ordered 3 rolls, and of those 3 rolls, we each ordered spicy tuna and spicy salmon. Then my sister and I ordered eel avocado rolls and my friend ordered a shrimp avocado roll. All insanely delicious, especially the spicy rolls! They even had crunchy pieces, which at most places is more expensive! The miso soup we each got to start was the salty kick I was looking for, and they also had green tea which also came with the meal which was very good as well! I suggest this place to anyone who enjoys sushi! I look forward to coming back and trying the different types of rolls they have.
I've only lived in Westchester for 4 months, but Kyo is by FAR my favorite place to eat outside of Manhattan. The food is absolutely delicious (and I have experience with some "nicer" NY sushi restaurants"), the staff is absolutely the best -- The restaurant is owned and operated by two brothers who couldn't be nicer or readier to make your visit the best they can, and the chef is fantastic. My girlfriend and I visit at least once a week, very often more than that, and we always get the same thing: The Maki Combination with Spicy tuna roll, philidelphia roll, and eel avocado roll and a serving of Japanese fried rice. We don't get this every time because we are afraid of the menu - far from it - I'm sure everything else is fantastic, but we love these items so much we can't bring ourselves to change. The Eel Avocado Roll is particularly marvelous. We would many rolls every time if it was socially acceptable. I can't emphasize how GREAT the food is or how welcoming and helpful the staff/owners are. Come to Kyo -- you won't regret it.
Top-notch service and an excellent food
If this is the best sushi in Westchester, then Westchester isn't a sushi county. This review is based on one visit on a Sunday evening, which may account for some of my disappointment. First, the good: the fish that I was served was fresh and tasted good. Some of the other fish in the case looked very good. I enjoyed the yellowtail jalapeño roll. The sake selection was better than expected. Prices were reasonable. The disappointments: the server was aloof and kept touching his face and hair. The crab in the case all looked like imitation crab. The fish was not expertly sliced, which is crucial to the best sushi. I did not see anything beyond the "usual" types of sushi - yellowtail, tuna, shrimp, etc. No specials reflecting the latest fresh catch. Bottom line: Good for a neighborhood sushi place but not worth a drive.
Sushi was excellent. Very fresh ingredients. Attentive wait staff that never let my water fall below mid-glass. Overall an excellent experience.
Consistently great sushi. We've eaten here heaps of times since my first review, and I've always been impressed with the quality and value. Service is impeccable as well. Time for a bump up to 5 stars.
Top 5 things I love this restaurant: 1. Food is simply AMAZING!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Chicken Terriyaki and the Tiger Roll. If you're watching your diet, you can also request for brown rice instead of white rice for your roll and you can also put your sauce to the side if you must have the spicy mayo which is fantastic.  I have been to other sushi restaurants and I have to say this place is one of the best in Hartsdale NY.     2. This restaurant has a great ambiance.  I love the ladies bathroom its very modern & clean.  The dining area is very bright and has an open feeling to it.   3. Family Oriented - It is a great place to bring your family and kids for a sushi night.   4. It is also a cute place to go on a mid-afternoon date or to study instead hitting the coffee shops. Go during the afternoon its quite and you have the place to yourself.  During 6pm its usually busy but however the service there is great.   5. Love the sushi chef very friendly and very attentive.
Picked up some sushi from Kyo two weeks ago and it was so good!! The staff were super nice and friendly and the rolls we got were tasty! Really fresh fish. I especially remember liking the heart shaped roll with tuna on the outside -- yum! Excited to go back and din in.
I cannot believe how delicious my dinner from Kyo Sushi was tonight. I have dined-in many times before, and always enjoy the atmosphere and service as much as the sushi, but tonight I ordered delivery. My roommate and I spent $15.00 each (after tip)-- and we were both SO HAPPY! We ordered a maki combo which includes three rolls, and the choice of a miso soup or ginger-dressed salad. We got 2 boston rolls and a spicy tuna roll. WOW! The ginger salad dressing is also OUT OF THIS WORLD. Another plus-- the owners. Thanks Derrek and Darryl :) I hope whoever is reading this gets a chance to go try it out! I promise you will return!
After doing a little shopping in the Hartsdale area my wife and I were in need of a little lunch.  After a quick search on Yelp Kyo Sushi seemed like a good choice.  As we headed into Kyo we were greeted with a warm hello and friendly smile and offered a table wherever we wanted.  We seated ourselves by the window and where offered drinks immediately.  When it came to our main dish the staff where more than accommodating and happy to make recommendations for vegetarian options. My wife had a vegetarian lunch while I went with sushi rolls. Since our first experience here was so wonderful we have found ourselves regulars and enjoy a wide variety of their menu items from soup to sushi.  The fish is hand picked at market by their fine sushi masters to ensure quality and freshness for a pleasurable dining experience.  The staff are the most amazing people you would want to meet and make you feel like family adding to a most pleasurable dining experience.  All I can say is Kyo Sushi is a keeper for good sushi and good people.
We went here for dinner on a Saturday night and the food and service were great.  The beef teriyaki in the bento that I got was nicely cooked to medium, as opposed to many places that cook it all the way to well.  My fiance's rolls did not dissapoint either.  The server was quite attentive, no complaints there.  I was actually surprised the place was not busier on a Saturday night given the good reputation this place has and deserves.
terrible takeout experience. waited over an hour. had to pay cash! shrimp tempura sushi was greasy, had mayo in it. asked for spicy shrimp roll - like spicy tuna, instead got another version of the greasy shrimp tempura. ordered soba noodles and got udon instead. overpriced for the quality.
Love this place! My go-to sushi place in Westchester with the boyfriend. Amazing and friendly service.
I have eaten here four times and tried 5 special rolls and 3 "regular" rolls. The sushi is amazing. It's fresh and flavorful. The rolls are inventive and very well presented. We have had the dinner bento boxes as well and they are huge! The waiter we had was very polite and we were not left waiting. All in all I've enjoyed every meal from this restaurant and won't be eating my sushi anywhere else.
This was a decent sushi place. AND TRUST ME SCARSDALIANS, I AM A SUSHI EXPERT (not only am I from Brooklyn, but I'm Russian, too). Since the place is new, they offer 10% off and a free Tiger Roll (8 pieces, normally goes for around 7 or 8 dollars?). This is a good start! The service further made a good impression; we truly felt like we were the only ones in the restaurant. ...Oh wait we were the only ones in the restaurant...ahem... Nonetheless, the waiter was very kind and Asian and attentive. I ordered a chicken teriyaki and tried the eel avocado and spicy tuna rolls, and drank a miso soup. Miso soup was very good, but I haven't really been to any place that completely screwed that up. The chicken teriyaki left something to be desired; the meat was soft and flavorful, but it wasn't too moist or sizzling hot as I like it. Also, it was simply served over some plain iceberg lettuce. ICEBERG! THAT'S JUST WATER IN THE SHAPE OF LETTUCE! I would have preferred some kind of vegetable saute as other places provide. The sushi was decent. The free Tiger Roll was quite nice, though I tend to stay away from tempura-heavy sushi. Eel avocado was good, though it had a slight sour aftertaste. The spicy tuna was good as well, with no problems other than a fish scale stuck in the sushi eeeek. But that happens; if you eat raw fish, you laugh in the face of danger and Salmonella.  Pricewise, everything was okay, but more expensive than Brooklyn sushi, which I believe to be superior in taste as well. But maybe I'm just biased. And by maybe I mean probably. If I ever return to the godforsaken area of AnythingoutsideofNYC-ville, I will be sure to seek out some better sushi joints.
We've been to Kyo twice, once a few days after the restaurant opened and again last night. Both weekend nights. The food has been excellent  and deserves five stars for that.  But the service both times has been an abomination.  The first night we were in the restaurant for about 2 hours and the service was so bad that it was almost laughable.  People with take-out orders were waiting for an hour to get their orders filled, playing with their cell phones while trying to be patient and understanding.  Diners waited an hour and more for the first morsel to show at the table.  The beer was warm.   Last night, things were a little better but still not up to par.   By now, the service problems should have been worked  out.  Instead, there are many apologies for late food, missed orders, and repeated trips to the table to check to see if we ordered thus and such.  The one waitress (really guys, with a full house, do we think we can afford a second waitress?) is sweet but clueless.  She wanders around with a blank look on her face and is totally inefficient.  This is a neighborhood place for us and we would love to be able to walk there and have a delicious meal with excellent service.  But until the service improves, we'll stay away.  Nothing like ruining your great meal with a constantly frustrating service experience.
Really delicious and creative rolls...the Fanshi Roll is awesome. I have only done take-out from here, but they are always friendly and everything I have had has been good. Not quite as good as Fujinoya around the corner, though.
Favorite sushi place because of their sushi specials.  Good service.  They actually remember who you are and your regular orders.  Good fried ice cream.  Fresh sushi and they are willing to substitute.
Tiered of the mediocre sushi scene in Westchester I Yelped for help and a gem I found! Although I live in lower Westchester I took the troop to Kyo and I was so happy I did. The sushi was incredibly fresh and they has no problem customizing the roll to my picky taste. The server may have been the nicest man ever and prices were a steal. This is hands down the best sushi spot in Westchester.
What a terrific find!  Everything is perfect about Kyo - terrific service, the best green tea I've ever tasted, and wonderfully fresh and tasty sushi.  Crabmeat in the miso soup?  Yes please!  We'll be back again and again I'm sure.
Great Sushi! Friendly Staff! Loved it.
NEW JAPANESE KID IN TOWN.  We went and dined there about two weeks ago.  It was quiet but service was still a bit slow in the beginning. I cannot imagine what it will be like when busy.  Hey it is new.  The food was good and sushi was intact. The kids liked the dumplings best and enjoyed the kids entrees.  They had some sushi rolls along with chicken katsu/tenders.  Saki was fine.  Again, the true test will be when it is busy.  Good back up to Fujinoya for now but offerings on hot dishes not as plentiful.
Nice little spot, delicious sushi, great prices. Everything we ordered was made up fresh and came out to the table quickly. Service was attentive. Not a fancy place, I was surprised that there weren't more people when we came for dinner. We had a selection of sushi, tempura, and beer! We'll be back.
Came here on my way back to NYC and definitely did not expect such a great restaurant outside of manhattan. The decor is very pleasant and welcoming. The service is top notch. Most important of all, the food is unbelievably good. The key to good sushi is the ingredients and Kyo's dishes came out fresh. I will definitely drive from Manhattan to eat here again. Tip.....try the tiger roll and chicken teriyaki. Lots of restaurants make good teriyaki, but Kyo's is to die for.
Have been to some good Sushi places and this place is definitely solid.  We had great service and the Sushi was fresh.  My wife had the Tekka Don which had a good amount of Tuna in it and I had the Maki Combo with a Rainbow Roll.  Its a small quaint space and all the tables were full at the time I came.  I will definitely be going back.
Been here once so far, but it was great. Small but cozy, great waitstaff! Loved the sushi special, 3 rolls for $13. My boyfriend got chicken teriyaki and I kept picking at it, delicious and not over-sauced (which I personally hate from other restaurants). I'd definitely recommend it and will return!
Great little sushi place. CLEAN. Nice and friendly staff. I have Digestive issues and it's hard for me to eat sushi, i did NOT feel sick afterwards. Clean Bathrooms A++! Also,they carry Gluten Free Soy Sauce, just ask for it. The Hartsdale Roll is my favorite! Also Try the Tiger Roll and the Valentine Roll. I will definitely be going there again.
Very nice! Sushi was fresh, and we discovered some new rolls. Mountain roll was the best
Great sushi; fresh, good amount of fish; not overbearing with rice, and the right temperature. I came with a groupon, and still treated well.  I was there again last night, where I was told both the groupons I bought were used, even though I only used one. The waiter was very gracious about it, and still applied the discount.  Extra points for them ***. The "Winnie" and "Fanshi" Rolls were delish! I will be a regular, especially because they deliver to White Plains.  They blow Season's (now gone), Haiku, and Noda out of the water.
Love this place!  Awesome food at reasonable prices. Service was great, too.  Everyone was super friendly.  We will definitely be returning!
I would say that this place is really creative and do a good job making nice Sushi rolls.  I really enjoy their hospitality, too.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant. You can always expect the most fresh fish and delicious creatively prepared rolls. The owners are friendly, gracious and make you feel right at home. The value is terrific and the decor and ambiance of the restaurant is just right- clean, simple and perfect for a date night or with the family. I have never ordered anything I didn't like from the menu. The maki rolls are generous and a good value. The special rolls are amazing- my favorites are the inferno roll and the crystal roll. Their kitchen entrees such as the salmon teriyaki are always perfect too. I could keep ranting, but I'm making myself hungry. Just try it for yourself, you will not be disappointed!
It had been awhile since we had sushi and we needed to find a local sushi place.  We saw a small number of yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot.  Being that we were going out on a limb, we only had rolls because at least rice and sauces can sometimes mask yucky fish. That was really not needed here!  The fish was of great quality.  We had multiple rolls and this is probably now one of our go to places not only because it is local, but it is better than many of the local places we had tried in the city!
Fabulous well prepared sushi and sashimi. Delicious with gracious service.
Average at best. My husband & I decided to try this place one Sunday for lunch as our usual nearby Azuma was closed, and we had just missed lunch at Fujinoya. I read the rave reviews & figured I'd try it. It was late in the afternoon and there was a woman with 2 (rowdy) kids, and nobody else. We were seated and it took the waiter almost 10 minutes to come over to take our order. The food arrived fairly quickly, with my husband's hot food arriving first and my sushi coming a few minutes later. I ordered the Yellowtail scallion roll and the Shiro Maki roll. I'm sick of the trend of sushi restaurants including tempura, spicy, or fruit in their rolls and had a hard time making my selection. The fish smelled fresh enough, but had no taste, and the Shiro Maki roll had the tiniest slivers of fish inside the roll. My husband said his food was ok, nothing special, no seasoning. Overall, the food was average and the service was bad. I would not come here again. This place is for people who don't know any more about sushi than spicy, crunchy rolls.
We've been going here regularly since they opened and we have never been disappointed. Everything is always fresh and excellent and the menu is very diverse and creative. The owners are always friendly and know me by name.  I highly recommend the Inferno Roll, the Kani Salad and basically everything that we've tried has been great. Give these guys a shot and I guarantee you will keep coming back like I do.
Just went to Kyo for the 1st time this weekend.  I've been to about 6-8 sushi place's in the surrounding towns and decided to give Kyo a try.  Kyo had the freshest Sushi of them all!!!  the pieces and rolls weren't the largest but the quality couldn't be beat.  We 1st ordered the shrimp & veg tempora app.  The portion also wasn't large but the quality was really good.  service was friendly and the prices were reasonable.  Kyo is located in a tricky spot but it's worth the effort.  The quality of sushi alone has won me over, i think i just found my new sushi spot!!!
AMAZING SUSHI!! I would go every night if possible! Their fish is very, very FRESH - buttery melt in your mouth - great quality sushi and sashimi. My favorite is the Tiger roll, The Mountain roll and the Jalapeno yellow tail (add their great spicy mayo on the side - yum!). I love the chicken Terriyaki, with my husband always ordering the Tempura! The owners and staff make us feel very special, they are very friendly with great service. For those who havn't been you are def. missing out. They also deliver so keep that in mind!
Small, unassuming, looks like the usual, but the food was very nicely done. The bento box was quite nice, as was the volcano roll. Of the sushi restaurants I've seen in Westchester, this is the best. We went on a Wednesday and were the only in-house customers (although the take-out was busy) but the weekends are crowded according to the wait staff. Make a Rez on Friday-Sunday is the advice here. This place will be on our "usual" list.
Sushi is not as good as Fujinoya. I got the maki combo and there was too much rice and not enough fish in the rolls. There was also more cucumber in the roll than fish (in the salmon and cucumber roll). The prices are really good, though. Gyoza was good, fried rice was also standard good. Waiter was very attentive and food came out really fast.
Great deals. Friendly service.
best sushi in westchester. the guys there are friendly and attentive. i usually take but when i ate there service was on point. i love the specials they have, 12.95 and 10.95 is awesome. the sashimi was awesome too! ugh i guess ill be stopping there for lunch later
