Love this bar.. I definitely recommend it if you're in the rvc area. They have a out door area that is heated in the winter! It's cool.
Not bad. What I enjoy the most is that there is an outside seating area which gives me a backyard feeling. Plus there is a bar outside which is great. I know a lot of places that you have to walk in to the bar just to get a drink. Nice place to relax meet up with old friends and just catch up. Like any bar this place does get crowded, but I love the theme of the location. It gave me an older feel like during the renaissance. Drinks weren't that bad and neither were the prices. I would only go if to hang out with friends and relax.
This isn't a bad bar. It's probably the only one I like on the RVC strip but the Guinness I had there one night was watery and thin. However, the keg urinals in the men's bathroom do make up for it.
Went out with my girls last night. I love this place a lot. The weekend staff is amazing. The front inside bartender was super friendly and kind but the guy in he back was a little arrogant I felt. When people go to a bar they want to feel welcomed because they are out to have a good night. Didn't feel welcome from him. Other than that awesome place!
Great late night spot, I usually come with coworkers after closing our bar. The staff is great, they're all knowledgable about the beers they have on tap. Cool atmosphere, love the outdoor patio. All in all a great bar.
On the Monday night before New Years, there was a good nightlife crowd out in Rockville Center. At around close to midnight, I entered the Dark Horse Tavern with three good friends and we were able to get a table near the garage door window (reminded me of Williamsburg). There were various beers on tap, I would say about 15 but there wasn't a beer menu describing the beers so you're going to have to ask for a sample to get an idea of what you want if you don't already know. I opted for the Victory seasonal winter beer forgetting that practically everything Victory is hoppy but by no means is a bar judged on the flavor of its beer. The one part of this bar that stuck out to me was the music selection - it set a great vibe with its classic/90s rock. There's a dart board here and I wanted to play but it was being used by 4 fellas and they didn't look like they were leaving soon. Towards the end of the night - around 30 minutes before closing I believe - they either turned off the heat or turned on the A/C because it got a little chilly quite quickly.
My boyfriend and I split the Golden Garlic Wings (blend of franks red hot sauce, butter, and roasted garlic). They were too tangy for me. I had the juicy lucy burger with bacon. The bacon tasted microwaved...such a simple thing to fry bacon, people!! It adds so much flavor. The burger and fries were meh. There's much better bar food in the area, might come back for drinks.
I've been avoiding Dark Horse for a long time since it always seems super loud and crowded, but on a recent weekday night my pals and I wandered in here to escape our usual RVC haunts. Little did we know we'd end up finding a new go-to local bar! Dark Horse has several major advantages: (1) It has a wonderful selection of unusual beers on tap. Although I am obsessed with Croxley Ales because of its seemingly limitless selection, many of those options are bottled. Sometimes you just have to have tap beer. I tried a few really special varieties, including the Bourbon County Stout (considered to be the first beer aged in whisky barrels), which Dark Horse serves in a swoonworthy brandy snifter. (2) It also has lovely cider choices on tap, including Angry Orchard, which you should most definitely try as soon as you get the chance. (3) Reasonable prices on par with or perhaps better than other bars in the neighborhood. (4) Excellent seating areas including high tables near the window and lovely secluded little booths where you can lose track of time with your friends while sipping on some delicious beers. (5) A really nice looking backyard area that is probably kickin in the summer. Details sure to follow once it is reasonable weather again! The only disadvantage I can think of isn't really a knock on this place since it's an occupational hazard of going to RVC bars all the time, but it does get ridiculous on the weekends (which is why I waited so long before venturing in!). This might be a better spot for you to check out on a cosy wintry weekday night rather than a Saturday at 11- unless of course you're into that. No judgment.
Bartenders are attentive, fried pickles are super tasty and they have a big buck machine! Good selection of beers on tap- overall good times to be had.
I came here with my family on Christmas and requested, "What's New Pussycat," on their juke box. They refused to play it after the second time, despite my pleas. Dark Horse must be the most hate moggering bar I have ever come across on Long Island. Their tips went from their wallets to the juke box, which was meant for service. I recommend this bar to no one who enjoys Tom Jones, nor anyone who enjoys a good time.
I will start by saying that ever since I saw the Juicy Lucy episode of Man vs Food it's been my freakin dream to have one. And omg they have one RIGHT HERE at the Dark Horse. A big juicy patty with a huge melty chunk of American smack in the middle? You better believe I destroyed that thing. And it was just as good as I thought it would be. I would come back every weekend for that burger. We all know I have a serious cheeseburger problem and living around the corner from this place can only mean one thing: time to start yelping RVC gyms... PS--tator tots taste just as good as they did when I was 7.
The Dark Horse Tavern seemed to be the ONLY spot that had some activity happening on a Wednesday night in RVC. If you like tacos, you should be at The Dark Horse Tavern on a Wednesday because they are only $1.00! Yes...$1.00! You have a choice of chicken or beef, and yes they were yummy!  I also walked to the backyard which had a cute set up, benches and a bar. This was my first time here, but every one I met tonight seemed to be regulars. I'm hearing that it gets pretty packed on the weekends & is a lot of fun. The music was controlled through a jukebox and played a nice selection while I was there. The atmosphere was exactly what I needed on a Wednesday night. Not too crowded, great vibe, and fun people.
Wednesday they have dollar tacos and great happy hour prices.  Great selection of drinks.  I love that the front opens up and it feels outdoorsy, great live music. Had their grilled chicken sandwich, it was a big serving a great price!
The service is meh, the ambiance is alright. There's a huge beer selection and an even bigger selection of wings and sauces. Okay, Dark Horse, you win. I'm a believer. The honey habanero had a bit too much of a honey taste for my liking, but I guess I should have anticipated that. The jamaican curry? was  delicious. There was also a sweet and spicy Asian sauce that was mighty tasty. If you don't like one, there's always another type to try. Great place for after work drinks or food.
So, apparently, if you aren't part of the mainstream cultural music milieu (which apparently consists of Dave Matthews and Oasis), your money is not welcome in the jukebox at Dark Horse Tavern in Rockville Centre. My friend and I spent more than $10 in the jukebox and had all of our songs skipped, and the bartenders were extremely rude about it (and that wasn't the first time that happened). I won't be going back there again.
This place isn't half bad, but it depends on when you go. During a loud game, it might not be the best place for conversation. On a warm summer night, you just might want to sit in the window, and watch the drunks pass you by. The beer selection is decent, and I'm intrigued by that taco night. I did hear from my guy friends, however, that there's no toilet in the men's bathroom. I feel bad for those dudes on taco night.
This place is your average bar. They do have decent drink specials, and the wings are your typical frozen processed crap. Whatever.
Stopped in this great little place on a Wednesday night with a coworker after dinner.  We liked that the place was open to the street so decided to go in for an afterdinner brew.  Sat at the end of the bar and was immediately greeted and served.  Bartender was awesome and since we weren't familiar with all of the huge variety of beers they have, he let us try a couple different selections before we ordered.   Atmosphere was great.  Waitstaff was wonderful too.  Music good and not too loud that you can't hear yourself talk. Looks like a great neighborhood bar for regulars and it was perfect for two folks from out of town visiting on business.   So great, we were back in the following night for another couple beers and a great time.
I really, really like this place. I've been here a total of three times, would recommend it to friends, and would go back again. It's a cozy-ish place, though it gets pretty packed during the weekends. The bartenders are amusing and friendly.
Not really a bad place, though nothing spectacular either. I'm guessing this is a nice local/townie kind of place, but if you're from out of town there's not much to rave about. This must be a nice place to chill after work with friends, but if you don't have good company with you there's simply nothing compelling. The music is nice, and the atmosphere is all right. I had a burger and it was middle of the road. Beers weren't particularly cold or well carbonated (definitely because of the line temperature). This is a middle of the road bar.
Went here for lunch, had the Burnt Ends Brisket Sliders w/ Cajun fries....it was awesome.  Smoky, spicy, sweet BBQ sauce made it so good.
This place has become a regular once a week lunch stop!  They make some of the best wings I've had on the Island!!  And for me to say that, means something, since I've lived in Buffalo and had the best at Duff's and The Anchor Bar up there!  They cook them just right, nice and crispy on the outside, yet still moist and meaty on the inside!!  And they offer many options other than the standard Buffalo style (which is excellent) such as Jamaican Jerk, General Tso, Honey Habanero, Cajun Rub, and many others!  I'm working my way through the entire menu and haven't been disappointed yet.  They also offer many other lunch options, such as a Juicy Lucy Burger, Tavern Burger, BLT, among others. And on top of the excellent food, they also have a very impressive selection of beer on tap.  The daytime bartender, Rachel, is very friendly and professional, she makes wonderful mixed drinks for my daughter, and when my daughter can't make up her mind what to order, she comes up with a delicious surprise for her every time! I don't know how it is here in the evenings, but I can say that if you're in the area at lunchtime, you cant beat this place!!  It's great!!
My favorite bar in RVC. Great drinks, best bartenders in town, and even the food is good which is rare for a bar around here...go check it out!
Best bar in RVC!  They have a fabulous selection of beers and offer beer flights for the undecided.  The food is FANTASTIC and always fresh (try the salad - yes, I said the salad, it's amazing).  The Texas Chili is an addiciton and the chicken sliders are delicious.  Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders, tasty beer - what else do you need?
Great Beer, great service!!!
Nice place, went here on a Saturday night for a few beers with a few other people..sat at a table and one of us ordered food and me and my gf had beers..after about 4 beers each we got the bill and were pretty surprised.  $7 a beer without any buy-backs?? If I want to spend that much money I'd rather go across the street to croxleys. Nice environment, but it's not worth the price..not going back
Great Food and drinks.  Employees are a pleasure.  Must try the potato soup verrrrry good!
Ok first the 4 stars are relative to the type of place. Great beer selection on draft here, it's clear the owners know beer. The wings were fantastic nice and crispy with a lot of sauce choices. Last and most important our bartender, Rachel, made the night with great service and a her personality. Cheers!
Good beer selection, friendly bartenders, lots of TV's.  Good place to meet up with an old friend on a snowy spring night
Came here on a sunny afternoon to hang w/ a friend, watch the game, drink & stuff our faces. First off they have so many good beers on tap! Immediately I was excited. And the awesome bartender gladly gave us a sample of any we wanted to try before ordering a pint. Second everything we ordered off the menu was excellent. Started w/ guacamole & chips, so good. Next we tried tator tot nachos, how could you go wrong with crunchy tator tots, tons of melted cheese, bacon, scallions & sour cream. Then we tried a trio of sliders, we got beef & pulled pork, both really good & cooked perfectly. And can I say haven't seen any place around here that has so many kinds of wings! We only tried two which were good, will def be back for more! We also tried a beer flight, 5 different beers 4oz each for $10. All in all we left feelin full, slightly buzzed & satisfied for around $50! That's not including the generous tip we left the awesome bartender, she deserved it. Will def be back, plus now that it's gettin warm out the nice outdoor bar w/ tables & 2 big flat screen TVs will be gettin some business!
Great beer selection, awesome food, good service. Love this place!
best bar in rvc. gotta love the live band.
