What an amazing treat! My husband frequents this place for lunch and suggested it for an impromptu date night. The dining room was beautiful with fresh flowers on the table. Our waiter was amazing! He suggested a great wine and pointed out some of his favorites on the menu. Started with the mussels - which were the biggest I've ever seen! Weren't chewy at all. Then I had the open-faced ravioli our waiter suggested which was brimming with large chunks of lobster and shrimp. Hubby had the short rib ravioli which was just as mouth-watering. We finished off with the bread pudding and chocolate mousse cake. Since neither of us are really "sharers" I can't comment on the cake, BUT the bread pudding was the best I've ever had...plus no nuts for us allergic folks! The service was unbelievable from the moment we pulled up to the door. I'm so jealous my husband gets to eat here regularly. I will definitely be visiting again (very very soon) and will be raving out this place for weeks to come!
From the moment we were seated, the lack of training in the wait staff was clearly apparent...as 3 different people had to ask us what kind of water we preferred...whether table or bottled. From there things did not improve and I can honestly say the worst service I've had at a restaurant in over a year. Took 30-40 minutes just to get a mixed drink, even after  our waiter and another waiter were advised of the delay. Had to tell the waiter we were ready to place dinner order. After it finally arrived, my wife's entree was incorrect, not what she ordered. When we told the waiter what she did order, he claimed it was not on the menu, after which we pointed it out clearly to him. They don't even know their own menu. Bottom line - service was absurdly non-existent, we'll never go back. For its part, the was food fair. Pass on this one.
Had a nice light dinner: chianti + grilled pulpo (octopus) followed by a cappuccino. Decor is nice and staff is friendly albeit a little on the hovering side. Grilled pulpo came with a nice little salad. Octopus was soft on the inside and the perfect firmness outside. Had flavors of a nice char and was perfectly cooked. My wine came out in a dirty glass but was remedied when I mentioned it. I feel satisfied but not overfull.
The lunch menu is quite reasonable and the food is delicious. With pretty table cloths, flowers on the table and cloth napkins, what's to lose. Parking is close by in a large lot around the corner, street parking as available. The avocado salad I had was very good. The salmon on top a little too heavily seasoned/salted. I decided not to say anything be I would make sure that I ask for no salt or flavor enhancers on any foods.
Came with immediately family visiting from out of town. The food was excellent- fresh made pasta you can tell they make in house, fresh seafood, and outstanding wait staff. Quality food, if you are looking for something more upscale than the bars on mamaroneck, this is a great place.
I had lunch here today and was very happy with the food, service, and atmosphere. We shared the broccoli-rabe sausage pizza, the chopped salad, and the parpadelle with mushroom creme sauce.   The food was delicious and the prices were reasonable. For dessert try the bread pudding or tiramisu. They were both great!
We've dined at Taleggio several times and continue to be impressed. Enjoyed a wonderful dinner here once more this week. It was a Tuesday night and the restaurant was 3/4 full. The ambience is very attractive and conducive to conversation and enjoyable dining. Food and service were simply excellent. Started, as always with the lucious eggplant rollatini appetizer (best we've ever had; have to order it every time), and also tried the oreganata trio (shrimps, mussels, clams), which we both loved: delicate sauce under perfectly seasoned, moist, broiled shellfish. Shared a lovely tri colore salad. Hubby raved about his lamb chop entre; brought home half and enjoyed them as much the next day. I had very delicious papardelle with mushrooms in a luscious creamy sauce. Italian cheesecake and excellent homemade bread pudding finished our meal. Cocktails were well-prepared and generously poured. Service was attentive throughout, without being oppressive. Water glasses were continually filled. Silverware was swapped out or replaced as needed. Our dishes were always served at the same time. All of the staff are cordial. Our waiter was informed and helpful as to the menu selections. Looking forward to many more dining experiences here!
The food here is absolutely delicious. I shared the grilled octopus and I was pleasantly surprised by how not chewy it was (how I imagined it would be). Instead it was soft in the inside with a nice charred flavor on the outside. Plus a small side salad of sorts. Then I had the seafood risotto (risotto frutti di mare $29) and it was ridiculously good. It's my first time having risotto and they set a high standard for me. Good tomato base with a generous amount of big juicy seafood pieces - clams (my favorite!), mussels, octopus, squid, and jumbo shrimp. Then we all ordered a platter of dessert to share. My favorites were vanilla and hazelnut gelato and tiramisu. The bread pudding and cheesecake we're good but nothing that special. My only complaint is that the food took forever! Took a good while before appetizers came out then a long while between that and the main course even though we were one of two tables in there. But the staff was very friendly and attentive. And the decor and ambiance were on point. Come eat! Food's great!
Was told by friends and family about good experiences here so decided to check it out. The best thing was the service. I don't remember the last time I've experience such great service. They have a lot of servers quietly monitoring the tables. When we finished with a plate or glass it was taken away IMMEDIATELY, I would barely get two sips out of my water before someone appeared and topped it off. I think if I had dropped my napkin, someone would have caught it before it hit the floor. Our waiter was by constantly to check on us and didn't want for anything during our meal. Decor is well done very tasteful, modern Italian style. Tables are nicely spaced out, which seems like a small thing but I personally hate when tables are crammed in together and you can hear every single word of your neighboring tables conversation and if you have to get up you chair hits the person behind you. Ordered the calamari fritti for an app, the spicey mayo sauce was not something I'm used to but it was nonetheless delicious. Chicken parm was my entree, and it was tender and flavorful. Also had meatballs that were a great consistency and had a bit of heat to them that was just right. I will be going back.
The place is uninspired. I predict that this oversized and overpriced restaurant will go belly up within three fortnights. With so many great Italian restaurants in the area it is difficult to impress the experienced diner.  Taleggio fails in this regard. I went to Taleggio tonight with my father.  He got the veal chop; I had linguine with clam sauce.  The service was strong.  Our starter Caesar salads were decent, and our fried calamari appetizer was good.  We began our meal with high hopes. Everything changed when the entrees arrived.  My linguine had four small clams.  Four.  The dish cost $26 - four clams is the best you can do?  I was willing to forgive if the pasta was delicious.  I didn't forgive. The sauce did not differ from your standard Ragu in both consistency and flavor.  The pasta was closer to spaghetti than the linguine it purported to be.  It was underwhelming, and at $26, displeasing.  This is New York, not a mall in Omaha. My father reports that the veal was acceptable, although he did note that the presentation was superb.  It was also overpriced, and, due to the portion size, my father required a trip to a local pizzeria afterwards. We only visited Taleggio because of a long wait at our favorite Italian restaurant, Buon Amici.  In hindsight, I wish we had waited the 1.5 hours at Buon.
Good food and very attentive service.  I went there with my wife for a dinner out and it was pleasantly good.  A little on the pricey side, but expected for the service, ambiance, décor and food. I recommend giving it a try with their Living Social and Groupon promotions.
We needed a new Italian restaurant. Happily, a friend recommended this place. And hey, complimentary valet parking? SURE. We got in, were seated right away, and were treated to a very extensive menu. The food really was terrific. The whole family is looking forward to going back. We can't wait...
The service was fantastic, and there menu is quite extensive - something for everyone!  We had the squid appetizer to start, which was great, then had two dishes for dinner- gnocchi and lamb chops.  The lamb chops were incredible! Might have to come back for just that dish alone.  I had the amazon local deal, so our dinner in total didn't come to that much, but most dishes range from $19-$35.
The food here was amazing, everything was really fresh and tasted delicious.  Out of our party of four there were no complaints at all, which usually doesn't happen. The service was impeccable, the best experience I have had in a long time.  We never refilled our wine glass on our own - water glass was topped off at all times. The timing of each course was perfect.   I will definitely be back to Taleggio!
Went with six people last night. Ambiance- Very nice- Bistro look- Noise level- Deafening- There were three large parties, but still very noisy. Good way to keep us over 60's away. Presentation- Very good. Food- Mostly good- Prices quite high for White Plains. Wine list-Overpriced. Portion sizes good Bottom line- Nothing special and high priced
Flawless dining experience... Everything was perfect from the food, to the service, beginning to end.  Finally, a great new restaurant right here in White Plains.  More on this later...
Nice place with pretty good food BUT pricey for what you get.  I ordered prawns stuffed with seafood and they were very good BUT $ 32.00 for two prawns?  I don't think so.
Great food, very inexpensive, great place for lunch!
Overall 3.5 stars. Service was excellent. Out wine and appetizer course for a table of 10 everything was exciting, fresh and the flavors and presentations dazzled the eye and palette. Octopus, crab cakes, sausage peppers and calamari were inspired. Mains were a disaster. Most of the dishes we requested were sold out. Once ordered, they took too long to come out. Once delivered to table all of the meat dishes including porterhouse, lamb chops, pork leg and chicken were overlooked, under seasoned, flat and boring. The salmon risotto was watery and bland. The saving grace was the housemate sachetti which was brought out gratis for my little 6 year old cuz. My reco, come here for wine, appies and pasta. Steak, seafood and chops should be enjoyed at a proper chop house.
I'm officially a regular - today is the third time I've eaten here, this time for lunch. Realy good Italian food, excellent service, and a sophisticated decor (unlike most Italian restaurants in the area). The arugala salad is delicious but my favorite so far is their spaghettini bolognese, among the best I've had.
Oh my goodness! What a great experience. I went here last night with a good friend of mine and could not be more pleased at our entire experience. The valet gentlemen opened the door for us where we were ushered inside and greeted by a hostess to take our coats and check them for us. From there, we had an excellent table and were presented with the menus. The Maitre' D (Toni) is HANDS DOWN the best in the business. His attention to detail, passion, knowledge of the menu and genuine concern for his patrons make him a cut above the rest! To start, we had the sausage and peppers (delightful!) and the stuffed prawns... I believe it is stuffed with lobster and crab meat. Special note: the bread is so fresh! so incredible! make sure you try it!!! The service at Taleggio is impeccable. They really train their staff in all steps of service, from water glasses, to crumming the table, to interacting with guests, to open handed service and making sure everyone is having a great experience. As soon as our glasses were half full, they were immediately refilled. It was as if a ghost made sure our glasses were full at all times. Kudos to the staff! Thank you for being instrumental in making our evening so memorable. For our main course we both had the steak which was cooked to medium-rare perfection. I could not have been more pleased at the way it was presented or the temperature at which it was cooked. For dessert I had the bread pudding and my friend had the ice cream. Again, slammed it out of the park. I don't really care for raisins but everything about our meal was absolutely phenomenal. Toni kept on coming over to check on us, the waiters and backwaiters were on point, and the food was spectacular. I know a lot of other reviews have talked about the change in management and new restaurants in the same spot but I could not stress enough that Taleggio is HERE TO STAY! I wouldn't be surprised if it became one of the top Italian restaurants in Westchester! I would bring any and everyone here. The space is large and very accommodating. Definitely check it out. It might just become my new favorite place!
My goodness, what a find.  This is our second time having an AMAAAAZING meal here.  From spotless washrooms to highly attentive staff, delicious food to impressive wine list, this restaurant is a must.   Such a high quality experience is rarely so consistent; however this place embodies it all.   At the risk of sounding pretentious, my wife and I are experienced international dinners who will continue to return.  If you have not had the pleasure, you are missing out.  Oh and the tiramisú... worth every calorie!!!  So stop reading and go!!!
My family and I (9 people) went to Taleggio to celebrate my 50th birthday and were treated like royalty! The food was incredible and the service was impeccable. I strongly recommend this restaurant. It was wonderful.
Had dinner with friends here and it was a great night.  The service is amazing, that alone would bring me back.  The staff was so attentive to my dietary needs, I am a vegetarian and they made sure to tell me every dish that had meat in it.  The food was great, every course we had was delicious! The decor was so cute and the space was great we weren't on top of other patrons.  I really enjoyed my time here, can't wait to go back!
My hubby and I ate here tonight and while my Risotto with mussels and calamari was great, his stuffed shrimp over spinach was ehh. At frist they dish was plated wrong and when it was correct it looked more like an appitizer than a 35 dollar main dish
This restaurant has only been open for a few weeks and I have already dined there about three times. Each dining experience was wonderful. The food tasted out of this world and the presentation was impressive. My favorite dish so far is the "Sachetti Al Taleggio", which is a pasta with mushrooms and different kinds of cheeses inside. If you plan to dine at Taleggio, desserts are a must! The tiramisu and the bread pudding are my favorites, and I hear the Italian cheesecake is unbelievable. I cannot wait to try it. The service was outstanding. The staff is polite and attentive to all your needs and it felt like they truly care about my dining experience. I cannot wait for my next visit!
I hosted a  party in their downstairs private room.  The atmosphere, and welcoming nature of the staff was tops.  The service was great.  The dinner was great and the deserts were outstanding. My guests raved about everything.  Highly recommended.  Will do this again with them.
The service was HORRIBLE!!!   I would not go back here!   We had reservations but still had to wait at least 20 mins to be seated.  When we did no one waited on us for at least 15-20 mins.  We had to flag someone down to get any help.  We asked one guy if he's our server but he never introducted himself nor did he come by on his own, we always had to flag him down.  We ordered 2 bottles of wine, since we knew it'd take a long time to get, which it did.  When we wanted to place our food order he wasn't writing anything down.  Then leaves in the middle to get paper to write it down, comes back and we had to reiterate our order again.  When we got our order, they screwed up my friends order, so had to send it back.  The food was ok, a little bland.  When we got our bill, it was incorrect.  When we told him it was wrong he said they just put in the orders in the computer.  He gave us a bill that was way lower and then came back over and took it back saying that wasn't our bill. Seriosly?!?!  It was a joke....took forever to get the bill settled and we were in a hurry.  I've been to many places in the area and this place will not last with service like this!!!!
If you appreciate beautifully presented and delicious Italian food, go to White Plains and try this restaurant.  The inside is nicely decorated with crisp white tablecloths and fresh flowers on the table.  The wait and bar staff are very attentive and can offer excellent recommendations. Offering an extensive wine list, true oenophiles will appreciate their selection.  Everyone dining at the tables looked very satisfied.  We, however, chose to sample the tapas and partake of the bar menu.  Happy hour is from 3:00-7:00, so if you want to try an assortment of varied flavors, you may want to come then. The bar menu is amazing.  They serve small plates of deliciousness including short rib ravioli,  grilled octopus, calamari ripienu, seafood tallegio, white pizza with prosciutto and figs.  Everything was wonderful. Can't wait to come again.  I appreciated the atmosphere, the attention and the quality of the food and drink served.  Bravo Tallegio.
It's unfortunate that the service was so bad because the food is very good.  I have been to Taleggio 2 times. Both experiences were unpleasant,based on the service. First visit: The server sat us down and was unpleasant and seemed irritated.  Further, when we asked a few questions about the menu (first time there), he was not pleasant or accommodating. Second visit: The waiter we had no patience for questions we had about the order.  One of the people in our party didn't like the way their drink tasted and asked to have the drink removed from the bill.  The waiter took the bill back with the credit card we  used to pay for the bill and returned with the updated bill and a bent credit card!!!   We asked the waiter what happened to the credit card and he said that was how it was.   It's a shame that the service is TERRIBLE!  The food is very good.
Situated where the disappointing Mulberry Street Kitchen once ruled we became immediately concerned upon entering. The decor -barely changed - resembled the deceased restaurant. Will the meals mimic as well? Thankfully no. Once seated we were offered warm fresh assorted breads - a nice beginning. Appetizers were mixed. The fried calamari were "limp" and boring. However the Tuna Tartar over Avocado was tastefully fresh. Our mains did not disappoint. The Chilean Sea Bass with Capers Lemon White Wine Sauce was excellent - thoroughly enjoyed. The Prawns Al Taleggio - stuffed with lobster, crab meat and shrimp along with spinach and mashed potatoes was a home run as well. Also enjoyed was the presentation of the meals - nicely done. The standard Chicken Parm dinner was what you would expect from a fine Italian Restaurant. Desserts worked as well.  The Tiramisu portioned large yet lighter than most. The Chocolate Mousse wasn't too overwhelming and the Hazelnut Gelato was refreshing. Service - after a bumpy start (wine order mix up) - was friendly and attentive throughout the evening. Also - "Double Deal Coupon" provides a $30 discount as prices here are somewhat high.
