went after 9 pm.bar was dead at 10,music and crowd picked up after 11.great dj! my gf Lana and I had an amazing time dancing.beer special(2 for5) did not hurt either.great place for LI
TERRIBLE SERVICE. Stood at the bar for at least 10 minutes with no single bartender's eye contact-- then watch as a big show off bartender gives all of his friends who just walked in drinks, while I am still waiting. I finally get served and both of the drinks I ordered were  made wrong. $25 minimum for opening a tab= RIDICULOUS TERRIBLE MUSIC BAND. So bad it sounded like the worst karaoke band you've ever heard. The only good part of this bar is the patio.
While most of my days at RVC are spent in Kasey's, McFadden's (RIP), Stingers, and  Cabo, I think I will demand our outings to go to Blackthorn's. From their medieval times inspired facade to their insanely spacious bar area, Blackthorn's offers the best of both worlds. Earlier in the night it is a low-key dive bar, where conversation is flowing and drinks are pouring. They have great deals such as two-fers. At around 11, the lights are dimmed, the music changes, and the volume increases pumping out great dance tracks. The bar area is massive and to order food or a drink there is very little elbowing and squeezing to get to the bar. The bartender were fantastic and entertaining. My group had our own stand table and so many other bars should follow suit on that. They would have gotten a full five stars, but a star had to be docked for the deplorable state of their bathroom. The floor was wet, it smelled awful, very cramped, and only two working stalls. With a bar with such a high volume of people in it, it should really be reinvested. I had their pretzel bites which were really good. I wasn't wowed by the cheese dipping sauce, but the homemade spicy mustard was divine. I had a couple steak fries from my friends plates and those were damn good as well. It paired very well with my tall glass of Guiness.
This was my first time at this bar..  My boyfriend who lives in queens said he would always go to a bar right off the train and said its the best but he could never remember the name of it...   Sure enough we pulled up by car and he says this is the same place ive been to its great inside. I was quite taken back by all the times i have come to RVC how do i miss this HUGE building that looks like a castle?! It was great that we found parking pretty close as it was cold outside. I loved the inside and the fact that aside from a back party area. And outside mini backyard and little lounge  which is better for the summer it can definitely hold a lot of people.   With that said why does the bathroom in the womens room have only 3 stalls??? For a busy st pattys weekend and one of the stalls was out of order!!       I think this place needs a better space for their indoor plumbing situation... Now maybe there was another restroom that i am unaware of but from the main bar area.  There was only this one. My sister ordered pretzel bites and they were delicious.   The mustard dipping sauce was much better.   The cheese dipping sauce wasnt very exciting.. I will definitely return here and see if there is more bathrooms unless someone can tell me where they are secretly located!!!
Came here for their Best Wings in LI. The space, is massive for a pub. The first thing I noticed was how well it's spaced out and their use of space. I expected far smaller, and the lots are convenient for parking on weekends. Their competition won our votes in the end, but their wings were pretty good. We didn't have much aside from having tried their wings out of the 5 competitors and some fries, but if ever in the area again, I would go back to try their food in a proper portion.
this place was great. in the last few years i come less and less. a few years ago they had a chef in the kitchen and the food was GREAT! and then they got rid of him and the food sucks, the place is now like a dead club.  They are going to have to redo the place over and get some buzz going before they shut the doors.  Maybe hire a chef again!
Nice neighborhood bar.  Plenty of TV's for the games good bar specials such as .25 wings even Monday.  To have a sit down dinner I like how they have somewhat secluded tables for a more private dinner. For starters we had the Smoke Salmon Bites which as delicious.  Main course I had the Dublin Cheddar Whiskey Burger which was also very good. I would definitely come back to take advantage of their bar specials.
I'll start the review like this.  CORNED BEEF AND CABBAGE EGGROLLS!!!!  OMG!!! I could eat them day and night and never get sick of them! Now that I got that out of my system, I'll tell you about Cannon's.  From the décor, to the space, to the food, there isn't a thing I don't like about this place.  We've been here for brunch on several occasions and have never been disappointed.  (And they're one of the few places around that actually offer TWO complimentary drinks with brunch!) I've also been here for happy hour and that's just as great.  The crowd is good and the two-fers are better.  You can sit around the massive bar, at the small tables set up around it or choose one of the out of the way booths, that give you a bit of privacy.  My favorite out of all though, are the tables "upstairs" in almost a castle type looking balcony area.   There are so many good things about this place that you'd be crazy not to give it a go! Plenty of TV's for a Sunday if you wanna watch the game, as well as drink specials on game day. I will agree with another reviewer about there not being enough stalls in the bathrooms, but I've definitely seen much worse, so I won't even let that affect that amount of stars.
From the exterior to the inside it looks like a sweet neighborhood Irish pub where you would get a casual drink with friends and kick back with some comforting bar food. This is true for the most part. According to their unintentionally hysterical commercial that plays late at night, they are a hip bar where sweaty young guidos and guidettes grind like they're making fresh ground pepper. I would expect this from Kasey's and McFadden's, which generally caters to younger crowds, but I can't help feeling that Cannon's is trying desperately to be something it's not. Cannon's has a traditional Irish pub feel, or what I imagine an Irish pub would look like, dimly lighted and filled with wooden furniture. There's a big bar and plenty of large cozy booths. I came with a big group and we had a decent time in this place. Blackthorn's Jumbo Wings  $9 You have a choice of Buffalo, Terriyaki, Jalapeno Marmalade, Honey Garlic or B.B.Q sauce. the buffalo sauce was good and the wings were very big. Dublin Cheddar Whiskey Burger $10.95 Topped with chewy floppy Irish bacon and served with fries. A decent burger but I've had better. According to their website they have a lot of deals: -Happy Hour 2 for 1's Monday to Thursday 4 Till 7 (at the bar only) -Monday $1 Sliders and 20¢Wings available at the tables with a MINIMUM of 6 Sliders & 24 Wings (50cents for extra blue cheese) -Wednesday is Men's Night 2 for 1's Heineken, Heineken Light, & Amstel(at the bar only) -Thursday, Friday & Saturday are Ladies Night  11pm-1am No Cover -Friday: Happy Hour 2 for 1's 3 Till 7 Complementary Buffet (at the bar only) -Brunch Saturday & Sunday 12pm to 4pm $15.95 (includes 2 brunch cocktails) -Live Fireside Session Every Sunday
Enjoyed a leisurely Sunday brunch with my family (party or 11). Marie was a gracious and responsive waitress and she candidly handled a mix up in the kitchen that delayed one order.  We were told that the owner's mother made the delicious Irish soda bread that was placed on our table. During our dining experience she and her son came by to have a chat and make sure that we were pleased with our dining experience.  Great price and food choices (if you like breakfast with and Irish pub food spin) and quality for brunch ($15.95) which included two drinks per person! They have an Irish band that plays during brunch...their talents were an excellent backdrop to our meal.  I'm not sure what during the week dining is like but weekend brunch was great!
NIGHTLIFE REVIEW: Haven't had the opportunity to eat here during regular meal time, but since RVC (Rockville Center) has such a big party scene, I figured people may find this review useful. Blackthorn's is a bar along the RVC strip that can't be missed. See a building that is painted like a Medieval castle? You got the right place. It's a pretty popular place among the LI crowd. Like all bars in RVC: family/friend dinners by day... drunken youngin's by night. There's a HUGE bar area smack dab in the middle of Blackthorn's. There's plenty of space so you're sure to get a drink even when it's crowded. (Although I won't guarantee that people won't hog the space and obnoxiously takeover.) There's also tables and booths along the walls which are very comfortable. This isn't a place with a designated dancefloor (like Kasey's) but there is a small section upstairs where people flock to on later hours of the night. And there's a tiny bar up there to get your re-fills on. But mostly people walk around and somehow mingle with the blaring EDM/pop music. If you're looking for someplace a bit quieter, there's a good-sized outdoor bar (these people don't joke around they want you to have your drinks in all corners of the place) where you can chat more easily. Overall, a fun place with a 20's-30's crowd. I definitely recommend coming here on a weekend night. It's one of the first things you'll see right off the LIRR.* *If you're the type of people that are getting the 2am train and don't want to miss it and be forced to take the next one at 4am, drink here. And if you have the friends that say they're gonna leave but have to scope them out secret agent style, and they take forever to get their tickets, and you find yourself always rushing... Blackthorns is the closest place to the station.** **If you didn't get the hint, yes these are my friends. Welcome to my world.
I hate to be one of those people who starts their review with "I have no idea what these other reviewers were thinking..." But here we are.  Maybe it is a good bar, but I wouldn't suggest eating here.  I guess we should have known since the place was empty at 2:00 on a Saturday.  Baby arugula salad was ok, shepards pie was meh - hamburger with mashed potatoes on top, and the rib entree was really strange. The ribs were covered with pickled cabbage (I think that's what it was), and the veggies tasted like vinegar too.  But that wasn't the worst part - the sweet potato fries were limp and greasy.  Even the coke tasted funny.  I really wish Monaghans across the street hadn't been closed so that we wouldn't have wasted our money on this lunch.
Blackthorn's has a good beer selection, two-for-one drinks during happy hour, and decent food, making it our go-to spot for after-work drinks or casual gatherings. Blackthorne's has great sandwiches and incredible steak tidbits - we ordered the latter, splitting it between about five of us, and that was by far the fan favorite of all the food ordered among our group.  The tidbits are served atop toasted garlic bread with a deliciously-melted bleu cheese scallion fondue.  Their appetizers, while tasty and creative (ie. curried calamari, smoked salmon bites, pretzel w/ cheese fondue) are a bit overpriced for the portions given.  Pretzel bites with cheese and mustard shouldn't cost $11, but if they did, a small stern/flame beneath the fondue cheese would've been a nice touch.   For liquids, I stuck to pumpkin porters, served rimmed with cinnamon & sugar...Tasty pumpkin beer never goes out of season!  Our bartender was awesome the whole afternoon and took good care of our large group!
- Big bar with an outside open area in the back, by the parking lot. - Located right next to the Rockville Center Station on the LIRR. Very convenient when you have to head back to the city. - It got busy but it never felt that crowded. - I was impressed that cocktails are $10 and come in a pint glass and yes, it was strong! - DJ mainly played old school hip hop, which is my kind of music to dance to, so that got some of us shuffling. -Service was slow but friendly. Long Island...you're not too shabby afterall...
Met a few girlfriends here today for a quick lunch.  Tons of parking behind the building as it shares spots with the entire Rockville Centre railroad station, and today had my pick of parking spots. We had great service-- we were in and out within 40 minutes. I had the charred steak wrap and it was very good. Steak was tender with lettuce tomato and onion and a super yummy horseradish sauce. My two friends enjoyed wraps as well, one had the Caesar wrap with shrimp and one had the steak wrap like I did.   I have been here for drinks on a Saturday night. Bartenders are decent and drinks are usually tight! *Don't overlook this place as a lunch option*
Went here for the first time for some burgers.  Seems like a place that is past its prime.  Though the decor is nice, very Irish looking -we were seated and honestly I was grossed out by the bench seat.  It was disgustingly dirty.  When I see something like that it tells me they don't care too much and they transfers to the kitchen.  After some moving- we did order burgers -nothing special.  Everything is frozen, no fresh meat or hand cut fries.  Not worth the trip, should have left when I saw that disgusting bench seat.  Waitress was nice, but talked too much and then did not bother listening to your response.  Lots of other better choices in RVC.
I've been here a few times, the weekend brunch is excellent, burger topped with an egg is very authentic plus it includes two beverages. There is always a good crowd and love music really helps with a upbeat authentic feel. It's worth a visit if you like a solid brunch.
I've never eaten here, but any place that serves corned beef and cabbage I'm a fan of. Blackthorn is a great place to go out.  Drink prices are moderate and they're pretty strong.  A Long Island iced tea was enough to get my night off to a fabulous start. The crowd is your typical Long Island 20s, some fresh out of college, some who don't want to go all the way to the city, and some who are too pathetic and desperate for their own good.  Of course, most are loud and obnoxious when sober... add a few drinks and you've got yourself my kind of party people!   In all seriousness, this place is fun and has a great atmosphere.  Just good luck getting a cab at closing!
Made it back there last Sunday for their brunch special. A quartet was present and sitting by the fire playing Irish music. They were excellent - and complimented the food and atmosphere. Two drink special with every brunch entree. Can't beat the value and the food speaks for itself. An awesome place not to be missed.
Caveat: We went on a Sunday afternoon, so I've no idea what the nightlife is like. That said, this is a cute place with yummy food.  The decor is "Irish pub as imagined by Americans"  - for all I know, the pubs in Ireland may look this way.  Lots of wood, large yet cozy, bar in the middle & booths everywhere else.  There are booths against the front windows as well - grab one on a nice summer day/evening. I had the blackened grilled chicken sandwich with coleslaw on top, steak fries alongside.  Delicious!  I'm not a coleslaw fan, but it went nicely atop the spicy chicken breast.  The steak fries were crisp outside, creamy within.  My boyfriend had (what else?) a burger & fries, which he consumed in full; I got a thumbs up. Drinks are drinks - you know what you like.  I will say that they have a nice selection of beers; it's not overwhelming, but it's more than Bud and Coors. The waitress we had was lovely, but what pushed the rating to 5 stars was the jukebox; my boyfriend says it's hooked up to i-tunes or something, so you can get anything you like!  We'd never been to Cannon's before last week, but we'll return!
We went for Sunday brunch. Nice atmosphere especially with the live Irish music. However, food was terrible. Brunch was $16 and you get a choice of 5 or 6 things, all very basic and uninspired. I had the cheddar and scallion omelet with homefries and toast which was flat and tasteless. You can get better, and a considerably larger portion at any local diner. The mimosa (included) was just okay. Wings were so cold and soggy I couldn't eat them. Husband had chicken tips which was drenched in a gloppy over salty cheese sauce. Won't be going back.
Came here last night for a good friends 30th.  We got there early before the $30 all you can puke deal was on, the drinks are decently priced (well when you can get them) I swear I always managed to get the laziest and half retarded bartenders.  This girl was a freaking gem, and when I say "gem" I mean I f*cking hate her face, and when I say "i f*cking hate her face" i mean I wouldn't allow her to breed if I was given the choice. ::Exhales:: now that I got that out it wasn't so bad. They have a back area with another bar outside where you can smoke and drink::PLUS::, and like I think three inside, or maybe I thought I saw three cause I was drinking since 4 in the afternoon. Either way..... The bouncers aren't roid'd out assholes ::PLUS:: and when it got to busy for the bathroom I walked across the street pretended to know people and used theirs... Dude i did it like 3x's and no one caught on.... Im a freaking super genius, a sneaky little fucker.... Act like you belong on the way in and stare at your phone on the way out, even if your not lookin at shit, it will keep you from having to buy another drink just to take a piss. Your Welcome.
This place wasn't around when I was hopping around bars in Rockville center...hell I used to go to Rockwells right across the street (now Monoghan's) and this place was half the size and you only went in if you were looking for a woman three times your age...that being said, I love what they did with the place.   Not sure why I haven't reviewed it being iv'e been coming here for at least five years now or since they have been open, but if your looking for a good pub with good food and a traditional pub staff, then definitely stop in.  The food is very good, tap is clean, they have great wings, corned beef and cabbage egg rolls, (which need extra sauce though, fyi) and a slew of other tasty menu items.  The only appetizer menu i'd stay away from is the quesadilla and only because its literally cooked in butter and very greasy (good, just not my style.)   I'd probably try to get out of this place by 1030 or so when the Jersey shore kids come out to party but even if you can't they have a nice sized back patio area and plenty of room.   Definitely check it out, worth the stop.
I been here a few times...thanksgiving eve and what have you. I enjoyed myself to say the least. I don't have much too say besides atmosphere was good a little too packed out at times. I like personal space if I'm spending 5 bucks for a bud but for a place that's 2 feet from the train platform. I will deal with it.
Such a great find. Right next to the LIRR and a fantastic brunch!! Live music is a plus. Will definitely be coming here more often!!
Nice Irish pub atmosphere. I like the shepard's pie. Pretty standard beer selection, nothing too crazy or special. On Friday and Saturday night this place turns into a night club. Gross
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE BAR.  Bouncers are overly aggressive, this place is anti-gay and homophobic.  The village police have a good relationship with this bar so they will not help you.  This place will have their employees physically assault you.  Cannon Blackthorn's employees use derogatory terms.  ZERO STARS Heres an email I sent the owner....no response as of yet: ___________________________________ 2/5/2011 To The OWNER of Cannon Blackthorn,  I would like to express my deepest disappointment and concern for your venue.  On the night of February 4th I went to your bar for a birthday party.  It was a nice atmosphere and a good dj who was playing pretty good music.  I want to tell you about an incident that was absolutely unacceptable and ridiculous that I experienced while at your bar.  One of my friends, who happened to be gay, was with us.  A female patron started some beef with him because he wouldn't immediately move out of her way the second she wanted.  She started violently physically attacking him...not once but twice.  Myself and my friends had to physically restrain her and move her on her way, along with her friends.  Not one of your employees intervened during the first two incidents.  A short time later, the female patron returned and started with my friend again.  After she threw punches at him, he threw his drink on her...the drink, not the glass, but the drink itself in his defense.  She started physically attacking him AGAIN. Again, I had to physically push the female to the floor to avoid phsyical injury to my friend.  Next thing I knew, a bouncer was jumping on my friend, I was holding the aggressor (the female) on the ground, and they were physically removing my friend from the building.  Not one bouncer or employee of yours approached the female....I was holding her on theground telling her to calm down. I then found a very helpful bouncer (he was a calm black man). He walked me outside and helped me find my friend, and the rest of my crew who was at your bar.  When I finally found my friend, his lip was busted all on the inside of his upper lip, his shirt had a hole, and his belt was ripped. I went back to speak to the black bouncer but the same bouncer that removed my friend refused to get him and told me to leave.  After speaking with my friend, he told me the bouncer (a larger white guy with a small patch of hair on his chin like a goatee) who jumped on him and removed him punched him in the mouth inside the bar, while my friend was obviously being non violent.  Then once the bouncer removed him, the bouncer called him "faggot" several times. Later, once my friend called the cops, your bouncer told them that he called my friend "faggot" because my friend called him "fat ass" or something to that effect.  Whether or not my friend said that to your enployee did NOT give your employee the right to use derogatory names or things that could be construed as such.  The cops told my friend he was wasting his time.  His other friend lost her phone somewhere in the scuffle that occurred. Listen, I am an avid partier in NYC, but what occurred at your bar was not only wrong, but it was also discriminatory, derogatory, and sexist.  My friend now has a busted lip, a shirt with a hole, a belt with a rip and another friend with a ruined birthday.  I would understand if my friend was in the wrong, but he was attacked by this girl 3 times, PHYSICALLY, and not one of your employees did anything except harass, physically assault, and call my friend derogatory & homophobic names.  This is absolutely unacceptable. I am extremely dissatisfied with the experience at your bar and am positive that you will do what is necessary to make this situation right...what that is, I don't know, but I am sure you will make it right.  I felt your establishment was anti-gay, sexist, and overly aggressive.  Nothing about that incident sat right with me....NOTHING. I will be declining all charges made on my credit card that evening as I was not at all satisfied with the service.  I will also be submitting reviews reflecting my experience on Yelp, Google, and other review sites.  I am going to be contacting consumer affairs along with the human rights campaign and other gay advocacy groups. I am hoping you read this complaint and take it serious, investigate it, and follow up with me on it.  Feel free to contact me with questions you may have regarding my experience anytime,
Great place for drinks any night of the week! Cannon's Blackthorn has nice bartenders, lots of room and a down-to-earth crowd.
Very disappointed with my last visit.  The service was terrible - and because it was terrible- the food was cold.  Took my Aunt, visiting from Florida out with us.  IT seemed as though both waitresses were more interested in hanging around the bar than serving the food.  We had to keep going over to them to find out where our water was, where our menues were, why was the food taking so long . .  eventually, when I finally got my steak burger - it was both overcooked and cold.
Funny how much difference a week or two makes. Went here after the Spain vs. Germany match to have a celebratory beer. I walk in and it's as hot inside as it is outside, which makes for a miserable time. I ask the bartender, who I've seen before and has served me before, "Hey, why is it so hot in here?" He looks like he has to think about his answer and says something about how it's hot outside and that the hot air got in. Um, what? It's called air conditioning. If it's broken, just say so. Or, if the owners are too cheap to put it on, say that too! We should be able to walk into an establishment - a bar/restaurant at that - when it's 90 degrees out and not have to sweat. I ordered a beer anyway, in hopes he was telling the truth, and that it would get cooler. I show him my ID, and he stares at it, back and front, for a good minute. So now I'm sweating and I'm annoyed. We drank our beer, and I then decided to not order dinner, since it was still 90 degrees inside, and the bartender was on my nerves. We paid up and left. I really hope this was a fluke occurrence, because I really had a nice time last time. Oh well.
My wife and I had dinner here yesterday.  They have an Irish castle atmosphere and on Sunday's a band that plays traditional Irish music (think Chieftans). The food was excellent and the service was also very good.  I recommend the Corned Beef and Cabbage Eggroll appetizer and we each had the Skirt steak and Crab cake entree. They also have an outside bar and reasonably priced Sunday Brunch with a good selection of food. Definitely plan on returning.
Huge bar!  It might have been a little to crowded for me, but def a fun time!
I went here for brunch a few times and it was always nice. They include 2 screwdrivers or mimosas with the price of the food, on both Saturday and Sunday. Sometimes they have a quartet of Irish musicians which is a nice touch.
It is definitely a fun bar with reasonable prices.  They have an outside patio/bar.  The bartenders where very busy, but did a great job making sure you didn't have to spend your whole night trying to get a drink.  The location is perfect for those using LIRR.
Great wings, fried curry calamari, burgers and fries. The dinner items are also very good. Good draught beers and strong mixed drinks.  Nicely renovated and a cool atmosphere for happy hour.
Went for Happy Hour.  2 for 1, you got me.  Did not eat
A friend of mine had a party there. We paid 35$ for open bar from 10-1am. There was a group of about 35+ so we had a portion of the bar to ourselves which was nice. They have two bars inside and one outside. The outside bar has some great beers on tap. They made their drinks pretty strong. Service was fine, nothing exceptional but attentive.  Seemed like a decent atmosphere. There was a lot of drinks flowing and a large group of us so under those circumstances it's hard NOT to have a good time right??
I've been here a few times, but I'm definitely not a fan.  I went for a ladies night once and drinks were free for girl until 1.  The bartender made us these horrible drinks that had absolutely no liquor in them and then gave us an attitude when he didn't get a tip.  I'm there to get drunk, if you're not going to give me liquor, you don't get a tip.  I went to the bar outside to get a beer.  The bartender was pleasant and got his tip and the other bartenders tip.  See people, it pays to be nice.   Another time I went to Blackthorns and the bartender was trying to hook me up with some creeps by the bar.  He said that they're visiting from Ireland.  That's like the oldest trick in the book and I don't meet guys in bars.  Don't lie about where you're from just to get a girl to talk to you. I said hello to see if they had accents, and of course no accent.  I don't appreciate being lied to. The bartenders job to to serve drinks, not play matchmaker. Overall the place is ok looking inside.  The bathrooms are awful though.  Very small and the doors don't close. The crowd is mainly college students. The DJ is usually good. Forgot to mention, the bouncers are always nice, which is a big deal for me because most bouncers get a little too cocky and rude, and think they're so damn important, when really they're just a fat guy standing in the cold, looking at IDs.
Overpriced , after 10 has a cover charge just to get in. No other bars in RVC have covers unless its a big holiday ( thanksgiving eve , st patricks day or the rvc st pattys day parade) Very hard to get a drink not worth it. ive been there numerous times and had to leave bc over crowded
Only drank beer, so can't review food. But beer was fresh and perfect. Atmosphere is great. Fireplaces excellent especially for a blizzard. And they have mechanical train set!
The exterior of Blackthorn's looks like a pub in the hub of Dublin!  Walk inside, and your transported back to the homeland.  It's a very sizeable resturant with a huge bar in the center.   We planned a family reunion brunch at the last minute, and of course being Irish, it grew to 39 people in a matter of days.  Carlos the dining manager was very accomadating and incorporated a couple of Irish favs in the menu, including Irish Eggs Benedict, delicious, Traditional Irish Breakfast, and Sheppards Pie!  Everyone loved it.  The price was too reasonable and included 2 drinks per person of Mimosa, Screwdriver, Bloody Mary or Pints of beer.  Kids are welcome, and they put a special menu together of chicken fingers, grill cheese, macaroni and burgers.  Perfect for our brood of 9.   The staff was terrific, and for background music on a Sunday afternoon, they had a live 3 pc Irish band.   Our family would like to make this an annual event! Thanks Blackthorn's!!
