Excellent service - with special thanks to Lauren. We attended a 25 person Bachelorette party... Had seating outside which was beautiful! Until they started bringing our dinner out and it started to rain! Lauren was quick to get us seated inside with zero wait or dramatics. Just a few laughs about it. Food was ok. Drinks were great, venue was fantastic, service would get us back there again and again.
My tip to whoever is going to this place be ready to have fun beach style outdoor eating and drinking by the water! I really hope it's a beautiful day because it's by the water and outside!! Just in case the weather is a little off and chilly bring a jacket/sweater! Other than that It's a cool & fun location! Pick the proper time to go dough cause parking gets crazy!! Fun summer, spring and fall outing!!
I went with some friends who wanted to check out gay night. It was deader than my parents there but the people that were there were very nice and friendly. As an old straight women i was bored to death but the place was at least pretty to look at. I also didn't know one song that was played but then again im a fossil. If you are in your 20's im sure you love this shit.
The only thing I like about the whole mile has to honestly be TROPIX. The service is great. The outside seating is the best part of the whole experience. It is great beause it's right next to the water the view is great. The food & drinks are good as well. I have no complaints about this place best place to enjoy a nice summer night.
Music stops at 11 but you still charge a $10 cover? LOL And 30 mins before the music stops you're charging a $20 cover? No thanks. Maybe its better during the day but late nights will leave you getting drinks spilled on you and being knocked into by a ton of people.
This place is nice! Outdoor club, huge bar, very spacious, they have bar stools and a few tables along the dance area. Palm trees and water falls give this place a great beachy vibe. Drinks: 12 bucks for a drink and 10 for a shot, average! Not the strongest drinks in the world, but pretty good! Music: top 40, reggea, hip hop biggie status. Dj mixed in some craziness like spice girls and "i like big butts"....which was weird and confusing to most of us on the dance floor...lol. He did play some hot new ish....not tyna be a meanie. Crowd is very mixed age range wise. Warning...some ol geezers looked like they where out past there bed time! Other wise cool friendly fist pumping type crowd if ya no what I mean....lol We got there at 8ish, so no cover, no line. When we left, they were charging 10 bucks and there was a line. (On a saturday) **Bathroom has like 10 stalls so the line moves fast, there is also an attendant that keeps everyone "in line" by shouting out reminders and directions, ya no like "flush the toilet"....LOL...that was alil strange and scary....lol Get there 8ish or earlier (they lower the music around 11:30 for the residents), free parking lot a few blocks away, nice summer spot!
First time here and I enjoyed it. This is a great location right on the water, and it's definitely a preferred place to be on a beautiful day. There's a large bar/patio area with sand and plentiful outdoor seating. There's also a live band, which was awesome and a DJ. Quite a few beers on tap, full bar and good food. I had the lobster sliders which are very good, and my wife had a shrimp pizza which was also delicious. The little neck clams were very good as well. We really enjoyed killing a couple of hours here, watching the many boats and jet skis pass by all the while soaking up the sun and music. It seems quite a few others have complaints about this place, but to me it seems their complaints are exactly what would attract me to Tropix. It's completely unpretentious, they're only open until 2AM, and they lower the music around 11PM due to it's location near residential areas. Seems to me that should keep away most of the people that tend to ruin a nice, pleasant night out. My only gripe, it is a little pricey. But considering this is a great, open-air waterfront location on the Nautical Mile, I can't really complain. As I noted in my check in tip, this place is friggin' cool, and I'll definitely be back.
Good: Large area, pretty scenery. Bad: longest wait for a drink ever, not much to do after music is turned down at 11. It took me almost 20 minutes to get a drink and I was standing barside! The bartenders were working their butts off but there are so many people there it is insanely hard to keep up. I discovered a small little beer bar next to the girls bathroom line and that where i chose to get my beers the rest of the night. No wait there.
Enjoyed the food a lot. The calamari was fantastic, as was the mozzarella sticks and the pizza. Came on a Sunday, there was a live band playing some music that I guess I didn't exactly prefer but it could've been worse I guess. I would definitely come here again, my girlfriend and I had a really good time.
Cool summer place to gather with friends,  most of the time the band playing is good, the staff is decent and the view is amazing. The only down to me is their wine, they don't have bottles; They use the cheap to go little containers ( cheap grape juice).
5 for ambiance, 3 for the food. On a warm Sunday afternoon we had a late lunch/early dinner at Tropix.  When you first arrive at this spot which is situated almost at the end of the Nautical mile, it looks out of place. This is a good thing as you feel like you have stepped into a very cool place with a Ft lauderdale or Key West feel to it. We hit the right timing and sat at a great table overlooking the inlet. I ordered a perfectly made tanqueray and tonic which refreshingly hit the spot instantly. For appetizers, the pricey but desirable lobster roll sliders. We were 4 people so we upgraded to 4 sliders from the standard 3 sliders. Not a bad dish however for $27 I would expect a more chunky lobster meat salad between the buns. For entrees, we had lobster ravioli in a champagne sauce, a margarita pizza, the balsamic chicken with fresh mozzarella cheese sandwich and a shrimp cocktail. My favorite dish was the lobster ravioli which had a very tasty red sauce and ravioli wonderfully stuffed with ricotta and lobster.  Least favorite was the shrimp cocktail that contained 5 mediocre size shrimp in a huge plate filled with ice. At $15 this was very underwhelming. The waitress we had was excellent an told us to relax an enjoy the music. We'll be back at a minimum for drinks this summer.
Absolutely horrible service. The staff is more interested in their cellphones than providing decent service. Avoid if you enjoy good food and drinks.
Nice meeting place. Forget about eating here.  Service awful busboys bring out food and they have no idea whAt they are doing.  Waiting over an hour for food which only came out after I complained to the manager who was hanging out at the bar. Food was awful too.  If you can't even cook corn properly thAts pretty bad
Tropix is a really cool outdoor spot. It's got the beach resort/vacation vibe going on. Very casual, relaxed and fun. The place is new but so far very well maintained.   The crowd is a mix of young and old. In some cases too old.   I don't think the inside is finished yet... and I haven't tried the food yet but so far i like what I see.
Went to Tropix on Thursday night which is 1/2 price drinks and ladies night.  Went one Thursday and paid half price drinks and the next Thursday the same drinks ordered were not half price. What is that about? The bartender was horrible and playing with her phone constantly.  We wanted a second round of drinks and she was gone for 10- 15 minutes.  When we wanted the check she went missing again. When we finally got the check we gave the tip in cash and it reflected her bad service. Paid the bill by credit card and later discovered the bartender added a tip to the credit card bill because she apparently was not happy with the cash tip.  Terrible experience.
I had not been back to Long Island for a few months, but I did grow up there.  I came back after Sandy and watched as we rebuilt and brought tourists back to the area.  I love what they've done with the nautical mile, but damn this place is terrible. While i love the beautiful view, and don't mind the douchey fist pumping crowd, I do mind the god-awful bartenders who cant do anything right.  The first one I went to was a complete meathead who was drinking half redbulls and then pouring the other half into a drink for customers.  The other issue is when we went to another bartender to order a drink, she wouldnt take it because I had a tab with the other bartender...that doesn't make any sense.  FInally when i tried to cash out after $33 (4 coronas mind you) he told me it was a $50 minimum. That's utterly ridiculous and leads me to believe its a sketchy cash business where people are slipping money. Music - Stops at 11 due to residential neighborhood. Somewhat problematic Overall the scenery was nice and they have chairs in the sand, you can also pull your boat up. Bring cash if you do
Looks like a really fun place. Unfortunately we only stopped in for one drink but will return with friends. The bartender was very friendly and attentive. I liked the beach feel with the sand and palm trees. They also had nice couches outside as we relaxed and listened to Reggae music. We were told that they were still in the repair stage but it looked great to us. We would recommend and return.
Based strictly on the nightlife, it was okay. Hit up here and Braccos on a Sat night and unfortunately the crowds were pretty dead. I don't know if that was based on the fact that the weather was crummy, but not a lively environment. Tropix is in the Nautical mile and a bit bigger than some of the other bars. We paid $10 for cover which I expected. There was decent background music but no one was dancing. Apparently that scene dies down around 11? What kind of nightlife is that? Maybe I'm just used to my college bars closing at 4am. Either way, this place didn't have as much seating. I liked how there was a section of beach chairs and sand in the bar area. Otherwise it was a good night. I'll have to come back when it's busier.
If you have to go out on the nautical mile this is where I would recommend but only if you want a typical small town Long Island experience. Most te people you see there are either old or the typical stereo types. Women are jersey shore sequence and all the guys are muscle heads in tight tee shirts. Also music ends at 11 here so it's never going to be a hot spot for young people as lol as the city ordnance is in effect.
Love love love this place! It's the perfect summer time hangout! It's probably the nicest bar on the whole nautical mile with a tropical South Beach kid of feel. The drinks are on point; and by this I mean tasty and strong. I always get the Miami vice which is pre-made in a slushy machine, and is a frozen mix of Tropix's Piña Colada and Strawberry Daquiri...so good. I've also had plenty of other mixed drinks that were strong. I love the crowd here. Young, old, colorful, and vibrant- just like the music. They play such a great variety: house, top 40, hip hop, funk, old school, reggae, and even spanish music! Everybody who attends Tropix's is seriously there for a good time. I've been on both Friday and Saturday nights and there is never a cover! One of the best things of all is the free parking that they offer. It's pretty much impossible to park on the nautical mile at any time passed 7 during the weekends, so this my friends is an added bonus (and there is no time limit). Lastly what I think is awesome is that they always have a radio station here with cool deals depending on what's being sponsored. Example: last time 92.3Now was there sponsoring Coors Light, so if you purchased a Coors light ($5 special) you get a free Coors Light teeshirt or tank top! Awesome right!!  I also put my name into a contest to win ticket to a concert and I freaken won! I was seriously so happy! And I had a choice between a few different concerts and wound up picking the Nikki Minaj Concert. This place is definitely a hot spot from start to finish, it's too bad summer is ending! Also beware that music stops playing at 11 because of an outdoors music law (that never stops me from having a blast).
Don't go here!! The view and atmosphere are enticing. It's pretty, they get a star for ambiance. The drinks were awful. Pina colada had a bad after taste and the mojito was like water with mint and lines. They brought the food out with no utensils. When the utensils finally make it to the table...they are PLASTIC. The menu has very few seafood options. I ordered baked clams and a crab cake. BLAH.  It was warm to cool when they brought it out and tasted like supermarket freezer food.
Cool vibe as far as an outdoor summer spot....but $10 to walk in and $10 per drink (very small cup, lots of ice). Not worth another trip. Also, empty drink cups littered the place.
attractive place, but don't expect to eat here. just people watch with a single drink.
I wasn't here that long but it was nice looking and played good music. for my age which is 28. my mom on the other hand wasn't a fan and hence the reason didn't stay long. now if I was out with my girls we would have danced and partied all night!
I'm kind of speechless about this place. I went on a Friday night, because I hadn't been to the mile all summer. The crowd included some young, some old and cougar-ish, and then some very old and out of place. People were strutting their stuff and some wearing quite outrageous outfits (hooker heels, fishnet, crop tops).  Drinks were over priced, and it took a while to get a bartenders attention. DJ and ambiance were pretty good. Didn't order any food, so I can't comment on that. Valet guys across the street were nice. Sadly, I can't  say I would return, anytime soon at least!
You know, I'm not the clubby type, but I really like this place.  You don't feel like you are in Freeport, NY - you feel like you're in South Beach, or a tropical island or something.  It's pretty quiet since it's at the end of the mile - quiet meaning it doesn't have to contend with the other bars playing live music or whatever.  Loud in that the DJ plays really good music and but you can still have a conversation easily.  I wish the bar took credit card but I guess cash is quicker.  I'd come back here to go dancing or hang out when I don't feel like going to Manhattan.  Drinks are average price, although my friend was charged $12 for the same drink I was charged $8 for, not sure what that's about...
I highly recommend Tropix for day drinking and late lunch. The atmosphere is fun and relaxing, usually filled with twenty somethings and early thirties. As for the night time, Tropix charges a $10 cover on top of kind of pricey drinks. The crowd has the obvious guidos and meat heads, so I wouldn't go there looking for stimulating conversation. Also, it gets so packed that it may take a while for the bartenders to tend you, but it's not their fault. I suggest going with a larger group of people. There is great seating in the sand area, which leads to a fun and "tropical" atmosphere. The music is decent and there is a good sized dance floor. Music shuts off at 11:30.
Update: I went with my bro to have a few drinks and the line to get "into" this outdoor place was ridiculous and packed with Jersey Shore cast imitators. Douchebag Central is what my bro called it. We ended up at Jeremy's. Come to think of it, every time I visit the mile we end up at Jeremy's!
If you love guidos and meatheads this is the place for you. They charge a ridiculous cover thinking they are some exclusive Manhattan nightclub. They are ruining the crowd on the nautical mile. Drinks are overpriced and the staff sucks. Don't go here.
Went here for dinner, food wasn't great. the ambiance is nice, but ambiance does not fill my tummy!
cool place, i would say the best from all the places on the water. the service is good, the bartenders working their ass off to make sure everyone is loaded and happy and still deliver quality drinks. great band that gives you live music, i realy feel like a summer vacation when i go there; i love it. easy access from the water if you come with a boat or jet ski but make sure to bring t-shirt otherwise you wont be able to sit in the dining balcony. the only thing negative i can think of is the food, its an OK food. but you shouldnt expect too much anyway from a bar on the water. i would deffinetly be there again!
Ladies night on Thursday advertised half price drinks??? Really? Funny because I paid $10 for a margarita in what seemed like a Dixie cup filled with mostly ice: ( Ohhh and 1/2 price apps ? Realllllly?  Only "at " the bar ladies!... sooo don't bother sitting. The atmosphere was nice, ... but for a new place I was disappointed with the service (or lack of) and disgustingly misrepresented "ladies night" I recommend drinking and eating at one of the many choices down the block 1st
This restaurant should only get HALF a star...for our server who tried their best and for the view...but the rest...?  Pathetic.  When dining on the Nautical Mile, you are going for the food and the view.  The food?  I'm going to give this place the benefit of the doubt and say it needs some MAJOR improvement.  We went to the restaurant, sat by the water the first day they opened the kitchen since Hurricane Sandy.  I can understand that they wanted to get it opened for summer, but the quality was compromised heavily.  The staff?  Little to no training (as confirmed by one of the servers) as they were handed the "menu" (printed on a piece of paper...not the best idea for outdoor seating...wind anyone?) and told to go with it.  The cocktail I had?  Tasted worse than cough syrup.  Someone hand me a bottle of Robitussen with a straw and it would've tasted better than my drink... Needless to say, the service was pretty slow.  I ordered a pizza...which was pretty much dough with a cesear salad on top of it.  While it was good, the price was ridiculous.  If you're offering a limited menu with subpar service, you should at least try to discount it a bit.  Oh and my most "FAVORITE" part??  I tried to pay with credit card...guess what?  Their credit card machine was "down" and when I used the ATM to get cash?  A FREAKING $5 ATM FEE!!!!! News Flash:  we're not in Manhattan!  This is NOT a club!  I will NEVER come back here again.  There are PLENTY of other options on the mile that DESERVE my money. My favorite part of the meal?  LEAVING
I wish I had good things to say. The food was really sub-par and the service was incompetent. This is a club, go somewhere else for dinner.
I gave two stars for the atmosphere and location on the water.  The food is decent but limited and pricey.  Gets really crowded very little attention from the limited wait staff.  Last night, it was packed and the owner seemed much more concerned about standing at the front and collecting a ridiculous $10 cover (!) rather than showing any appreciation for patrons as other owners do,  He PERSONALLY collected at the door!? who does that? Also, we are in Freeport, people- get a gripe! A $10 cover?! the DJ was decent but later in the night started playing this ridiculous dance techno crap and everyone stopped dancing and starting looking around at each other.  Much better to go during the day to avoid cover charge and crazy crowds.  It would probably be decent for lunch or an early dinner.
My review isn't based on the nightlife, I came here with one of my girlfriends for a margarita and some pizza during the summer. The place is pretty, great view since it's on the mile, the margarita was terrible, the pizza was basically a digiorno slice they probably microwaved. Crowd is pretty much cougar town.
Relax atmosphere but food is horrible. Lobster sliders has too much mayo and very little lobster meat. Like something you get at Costco. Horrible!!!!
T
Nice atmosphere but drinks are over priced and service is crap! Waited 45 minutes for food and what was brought out wouldn't fill a 110 lb girl. When asked about a pizza, the sweating bus boy said it was "home made" and would be a little longer, longer than 45 minutes. The pizza wasn't even right when it came out... Had to break out the microscope to find the seafood. UNACCEPTABLE. Will be out of business by end of summer if service doesn't change, quick!
I was asked to come check out the place by a very nice girl who was the hostess working out by the sidewalk entrance.  I was with my husband and 1 year old son.  We decided to check it out and went and took a seat at the bar. We kept my son in the stroller and figured we feed him a bottle while we grab a quick drink.  NO ONE would serve us.  NO ONE even came over to us.  There were two couples that came and sat on both sides of us who were helped.  We even said hello to the two bartenders that were there but still no help.  I get that some places aren't meant for kids.  I get trying to be that "trendy" spot  amongst all the other places around nautical mile BUT it was Sunday afternoon and we were ASKED to come in.   I will not be going there again anytime soon
Good place on an afternoon to have a few brews...
The decor is breath taking but the drinks are watered down and taste terrible and the food is not even up to costco/bjs frozen food quality.  Had the cocunut shrimp appetizer.  Tasted like cardboard and their take on mozerella sticks was worse.  Entrees had the fish and chips ladden with grease and again no flavor or taste.  Great place to have a brew with friends.  I dont think they can screw that up but everything is extremely over priced.
I've been here twice during this past summer. The first time was when they had a victory celebration for Chris Weiman (which was the reason I was there) and the second time I went to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Both times the bar service was great, no complaints there and it is a gorgeous venue, looking out the water and the palm tree decor is a nice touch. But I have to say I was disappointed with the dinning table service. They were disorganized and rude to us. They were taken people that came after us and gave us an attitude when we tried to explain that we have been waiting before the people they had seated. Both nights I was there they were busy, so perhaps that's the reason for their poor table service but good restaurants  even at their busiest times show organization and respect towards their customers. The food was ok nothing out of this world, the music was good as well. The music had to be turned down around 11pm though which is the norm at the mile. Tropix seems to be great for happy hours and drinks with friends. I hope they better their dinning table service, I'm willing to give them another shot next summer.
the stars are for the atmosphere, other than that it is lousy, drinks are very expensive
Rude hostess and wait staff.  We have been to other places on the strip with much better service.  We walked in and spoke to the hostess to be seated in the shade.  We were 4 adults and 2 toddlers.  She offered us a table for 4, even though we told her we have 2 toddlers.  They didn't have child seats, so I wasn't sure how we would all fit.  when I told her we will need 2 more chairs and that it might be too tight she responded that they didn't have anymore tables in the shade or any more umbrellas in the unshaded area.  she then turned around and walked back to her post as if she didn't want to be bothered.  While we were debating about what we should do, another waitress came by and told us that we can't stand here and that we needed to speak to the hostess.  We stopped debating and decided to leave and go back to the other places we frequent
went here on a Sunday afternoon to have a few drinks with my girls. we were properly served by the sole male bartender when we first walked in. after that? if it weren't for the beautiful ambiance and live band performing popular 90's hits, i would've left this place. the rest of the bartenders tactfully wore sunglasses to ignore people literally screaming "excuse me" to order a drink. instead of being attentive to numerous patrons, including myself, they were chatting away and eating (yes eating their own overpriced french fries!). even the person who appeared to be the bar manager ignored numerous people while pacing around the bar. this bar is extremely poorly managed. if you are a fan of Miami Vice's, drive to Surf Club in New Jersey and order one there. you will pay $6 less and receive the actual drink. $20 for a messy mixture of the prepared frozen slushies and a shot of meyer's rum is what this place considers to be a Miami Vice. i was terribly appalled. don't order an appetizer thinking you will actually receive something even halfway decent. $12 for flattened friend mozzarella (although the menu clearly said $11) that came in a five piece serving, thrown on a huge plate. if i could give this place 0 stars, i definitely would. however, the effort in the decor and the band salvaged anything positive i had towards this place. not worth the hype at all.
I came for lunch with my girlfriend on a Saturday afternoon, the food was terrible. I had fish and chips which looked like frozen, fried fish nuggets. My girlfriend had a grilled chicken sandwich that was repulsive. We both felt like we'd eaten fast food afterwards. Only it was 4x the price. This place will be out of business soon.
went for lunch on 4th of july.  4 of us in our party.  sat down in the back right next to a very loud fan, which was needed because it was very hot, however, it was kind of annoying.  Lovely waitress, Amanda, I think.  Ordered our drinks and lunch.  Drinks were ok, however, when food came, only one of the four orders came out.  After 20 minutes we had to ask where the rest of the order was.  A burger, a pizza and a grilled chicken sandwich.  All of which was unfullfilling.  Just a sandwich.  Nothing at all to rave about.  Small portions.  Pizza was awful.  Bill came and it was 221.00.  For lunch and two drinks each and they charged us for every  club soda we ordered. View was nice and so was the decor.  Bathrooms were dirty. Ive had better in Freeport.
Heard about the Nautical Mile and Tropix through a friend and it was a disaster. It felt like we were eating dinner in the middle of a dance club. The service we got was sub par as we only saw our waitress once when we ordered and once when we got the bill (which look another 20 minutes for her to pick up). We also tried asking the guy checking IDs a question and he blatantly ignored us.  When we ordered  our second round of drinks they brought then wrong drinks and While I am one not to complain about the price of food when I go out but when I am paying more i expect great quality and the quality here fell way short. We had two rounds of drinks, shrimp cocktail (it was pretty good), Mussels (they were okay) and the lobster sliders (awful, we didnt finish them) and it came out to $100. I wouldn't recommend eating here when there are other options available, however if your coming for drinks or dancing it may be okay. We won't be back.
Im giving this place one star simply for the scene. Eating right on the water sounds nice right? WRONG. What a disaster this place is. For starters the menu is only one page consisting of 4 entrees 2 sandwhich and the rest over priced apps. We got the baked clams for 20 something dollars, the waitress said they were huge. When we got them they were the size of a quarter. Then we got the burger, which we asked for medium well, and the tilapia with rice. The food came and the rice was undercooked and hard. The burger was raw and gross. We sent the food back immediately and just wanted to get the hell out of there. The waitress didn't even apologize, she acted like it was a common thing that occured. The check came and my corona was 7 bucks and my boyfriend's ice tea which was in the smallest up they could find was 4 dollars. It stinks becuase the athmosphere of this place is beautiful. I will never go back here to eat AGAIN! Save yourself from disaster.
total waste of money spent a fortune on a few drinks and appetizers and had to eat 2 hours later cause we were starving.  never want to see this place again
If you want to sit by the water and have a drink, and listen to music, then this place is fine.  If you want to eat dinner, forget it.  They didn't have ice tea, they didn't have cheese for the burgers (who doesn't have a piece of cheese??), they didn't have some brands of beer we asked for, they don't have coffee, tea or dessert.  The menu is limited and the food is pricey and pretty ordinary.
