We came here to celebrate my nephew's baptism with close family and friends on a Sunday afternoon in Kasey's party room, directly behind the sports bar.  The party room blocked out much of the noise that would've carried over from the restaurant.  The decor wasn't overly done; nice paintings on the walls, and high seats for the benches which were comfortable.  We were a party of about 40-50 people, and we all had plenty of room to walk around and stand and chat with other guests.  The real star though, was the food. People of all ages at this party, my 89 year old grandmother included, all raved about the buffet styled dinner.  The party was from 4-8PM, and the staff paced it all very well.  The selections for dinner were a fresh Caesar salad (not drowning in dressing either), a variety of rolls, tortellini pasta with colored peppers in an alfredo sauce (AKA  tortelini primavera), pork loin, pepper steak, broiled salmon in a light white lemon sauce,chicken scarpiello, red skinned roasted potatoes, and for the kids, chicken nuggets with french fries.  This is better known as the Grande Buffet package. Plating was very generous, and the staff refilled the trays often, which was really wonderful to see the attentiveness.  The only star I took away was that there was no water or soda pitchers on the tables; every time you wanted a drink, you went to the open bar.  The bartender was great; he was totally on top of it.   Great option for your next party if you are local in the area; my sister and my brother-in-law were pleased, and I was a happy guest.
The setting was promising: a beautiful summer night at a lovely rooftop bar/restaurant.  My wife and I were the second table seated.  I should have been concerned when both server and hostess seemed less than enthusiastic about seating us. Our server was nice and a little green.  She should have had us well in hand but was none too attentive.  It didn't help that the tall, blonde hostess spent most of her time with her back to the floor while she played with her phone.  Her most decisive move was ducking into the server area to munch on tortilla chips. The meal itself was OK.  My wife enjoyed her Roof Chop salad.  My ribs were OK though my corn was a little under ripe (tiny kernels).  The eggplant caponata was a tasty enough side. Where the lack of attentive service was glaring was where checks and margins are padded: drinks.  We were 8' from the hostess and 2 busboys for most of our meal and I had to wait for drinks while they did everything but pay attention to us.  The second time our server finally brought a refill she didn't even bring a cup into which I could pour my can of beer. Naturally all of the staff perked up when a manager arrived. This great location should not be squandered by a front-of-house that is both poorly trained and loosely managed.  A would-be perfect night ended up pretty disappointing.
I am originally from New York City so when my friend from Manhattan came to visit, I wanted to bring her somewhere she would enjoy. We love outdoor dining and since Kasey's recently opened their rooftop, we decided to dine there. When we arrived, Debbie the manager, took our reservation (we didn't make one in advance) and told us it would be a bit of a wait. She escorted us to the bar for a drink. At the bar, which was packed, we were immediately served. Great service! The fans on the roof kept the place nice cool on what was a very hot summer night. The wait was not bad given we did not have a reservation and it was a Saturday evening. Debbie came back to the bar to find us as soon as our table was ready. We loved this as in some experiences at other restaurants, you usually have to go back up to the reservation stand to ask about your table. Dinner was served in a timely manner, cocktails were well made and we really enjoyed ourselves. We would definitely come back whether it is for a cocktail or dinner!
I like the dance section on Saturday nights but everyone seems like they are in high school. Was easy to get in though (I'm 24) so not sure what everyone's issue with security is.
Kaceys... I wasn't expecting much according to the Yelp review but I was still somewhat disappointed. We had sandwiches and fries. This is bar food nothing else, and in the same vein, if I return it will only be for the bar (drinks).
One word: Racists. I've been here before, and this place always struck me as a go-to place for the partiers that flock to RVC. Kasey's isn't top on my list, but it's always been on my radar. On this last visit to Kasey's, I went for the sole reason of dining at their rooftop restaurant, which has its own separate name, Rooftop 32. That experience was just fine, but it was the experience in Kasey's that was horrific. At Rooftop 32, I enjoyed the sliders (yummy caramelized onions) but not so much the fries. The fries are basically potato chips in the form of french fries. Not good. I happily sipped on white wine, but once the rain started coming down, we decided to go back inside. Once inside Kasey's, we saw that the crowd had grown quite a bit. Lots of younger folks, many of whom were playing top 40s/pop songs on the jukebox. Using my jukebox app on my phone (yes, that's a thing), I played a few songs that I wanted to hear. Namely: hip hop. When my first song came on (a new Kanye West song), it played for about 30 seconds, and stopped. I looked around, confused. The next Kanye West song came on, and played to completion. I figured it was just some sort of glitch. A few other songs played. Then my next song came on (an instrumental/electronic song) which again played to completion. But then my next hip hop song came on ("Pop That") and this time, it played for about 15 seconds. I looked over, saw the male bartender slightly shake his head, and magically, my song turned off. That's when I knew the songs were being skipped to this guy's liking. I promptly asked who turned the songs off. The female bartenders (in their booty shorts) very reluctantly answered me, pointing to the guy. I said that I deserved a refund, because that song costed me $2, and this guy decided it wasn't to his liking. I got up, approached him, and asked if he turned the song off. He smugly said he did. I demanded my money back, and he slapped the $2 down on the bar. The girls gave me the excuse that since people were eating dinner, they didn't want to play those songs. EXCUSE ME? Then don't have a jukebox. If you have a jukebox, then you have to be ready for someone to play any random song they so desire. And guess what? Everyone has to hear it. If I am spending the $2, I expect to hear my song all the way through. My song choices should NOT be subjected to some smug douche-nozzle who clearly doesn't like any music that doesn't fit his taste (namely, Kanye West and any other hip hop song). It's a sad, sad day when this kind of not-so-hidden racism is thrown in your face. I guess it's to be expected in a place like Rockville Centre, but it just disgusts me that this type of white ignorance and close-mindedness is still so alive and well, especially in a place where people come to eat, drink, and have a good time. Kasey's -- what a disappointment.
I've been coming to Kasey's to booze it up & party since back in my fake ID days, but since I've grown up a bit I haven't been back in awhile.  Recently, however, I dined at their Rooftop 32, which is a beautiful place to eat on a nice summer night.  This review is ONLY about Rooftop 32. Trying to stray away from the sports bar vibe and cuisine, they offer a different menu and atmosphere from the downstairs main area.  In fact, it's a separate entrance altogether.  It would be nice if they could put a sign somewhere outside to let people know that, it's kind of just a dark staircase in a dark alley.   Anyway, we were a carnivorous bunch so we tried I would say literally half the menu.  Angus sliders, Hawaiian Quesadilla, Buffalo Bleu Dip (in a bread bowl), Sweet Chili calamari, Baby Back Ribs = All Great.   Skirt Steak was a small portion and the au gratin potatoes it came with were super salty.  I can get a skirt steak at Hudson & McCoy in Freeport that is as long as my arm for the same price they charged here. Shrimp flatbread was nothing special.   Spinach artichoke dip was average. Lobster Sliders were not good at all.  So much celery and mayo you honestly could not taste the lobster not even a little bit, and bacon does not belong on a lobster roll. A bit pricey, but I suppose in order to separate themselves from the chicken fingers and buffalo wings clientele downstairs they feel the need to be expensive.  I'm actually OK with that frame of mind.  However, this is where they lost me: If you are trying to create an upscale dining experience with upscale prices, you CANNOT serve drinks in PLASTIC CUPS.  It blows my mind that you would put Cakebread on your wine list and have the balls to pour it into a plastic wine glass.  Or serve beer in a can with a plastic solo cup like it's a baseball game. Plus the beer selection sucks.  Shit like this blows my mind.  They probably spent hundreds of thousands on the rooftop renovation/construction but they couldn't spend a few hundred on glassware.   EDIT: --RECENTLY FOUND OUT ROCKVILLE CENTRE LAW IS THE REASON FOR THE PLASTIC CUPS/DRINK GLASSES.  SO ITS THE INCORPORATED VILLAGE I SHOULD BE MAD AT, NOT KASEY'S. --   The rooftop is definitely a great setting when the weather is nice, but overall it leaves something to be desired...
If you want a bar where the bouncers, bartenders, and staff are completely incompetent, then head here. The staff are immensely rude and they arbitrarily change the age requirement for admittance to the bar. I'm 26 and a professional white collar attorney, but apparently not eligible to drink at this low-class establishment, per their "age restriction" of 30 for men and 25 for women. I've been to almost ever other bar in Rockville Centre and can truly attest to the fact that this may be the worst place in RVC. Then bathrooms are disgusting and there are so much fist-pumping riff-raff here. The crowd here also screams "douche." Take a pass on this bar and head to Dark Horse Tavern or Croxleys
My boyfriend and I went to the rooftop (Rooftop 32) for our anniversary since it was part of our first date night :) The place was packed. Definitely an older crowded, especially compared to downstairs. We ordered the Sangria. Not so much wine as syrup. Dislike. But it's nice to be outdoors in the summer and the food smelled really good.
kaseysrvc.com Ahh Summer. Welcome to the Rooftop at Kasey's.  You have to enter from the rear (ZING!) of the club.  The atmosphere is really chic.  There is live music and something cool about being on the roof a building and having dinner or a drink.  The crowd is....how do I say this without offending anyone.....um....elderly? no.....Over the hill?  that's not it......I GOT IT!  Mature. So the crowd is VERY mature if you go after work.  The bands cater to the audience's musical needs so how about another Springstein song, lead singer guy?  2..3..4...(insert band frontman here).  This is Lite FM at its finest....since it is live.   The bar is always packed and the drinks pack a punch.  You can always walk down to the bar in the Main room if you want the selection from the tap.  Beers are $6.50....mixed drinks are $10 or $11.  The Menu is online. Food is good but over priced for the dishes.  Again, check the menu online.  Fresh pasta? Ok....Boxed pasta and store bought sauce? Not paying $17 for that. When the sun goes down, make your way into the main dance floor to hear the latest tunes from the DJ and get your drunken fist bump on....or your reggae grind.
The good: I can't comment on the food so that's why its getting 2 stars and the renovations are a nice improvement for decor, the back bar is easier to get a drink at, few couches are available. The lame: $5 cover.. plus a coatcheck charge..ok.places in the city with better quality crowd, music and space DO NOT EVEN CHARGE. It makes me giggle when I see people decked out to go to this place. So get off your high horse and rippping off people because you are not THAT TYPE OF ESTABLISHMENT. Drinks.. are watered down.. just get your beer. Music is your typical Z-100 type of crap.
Crappy service. We went out for my friends 21st birthday (turned 21 at midnight so we went late). At about 3:25 I buy a LI Iced Tea, set it down next to my purse and the group we came with. Next thing I know, at 3:30 they turn on the lights and say that they're closing up. Ok, I get it, last call kinda thing and you close at 4am. I look at where my stuff is and a bus boy is taking my full (just sipped once) drink. I tell him that I just got it; he looks at it realizing it was full but that he already dumped another cup in & he takes me to the bar and says he'll ask the bartender to get me another one. What does the bartender say? She goes, well it's 3:30 in the morning so you shouldn't be drinking anyway. I was like, I just paid $10 for that drink and I barely got a sip out of it. And she's just like well I'm not giving you another one. Just awful customer service. Won't be coming back, ever.
I actually really like Kasey's. My friends usually choose McFadden's but I prefer here. The atmosphere is better and to be honest the music is pretty good. Unlike other DJ's that interrupt every song or cannot play one song at least halfway... this place knows what the crowd likes. I mostly prefer house music and a mix of pop. There is a coat check which is great. You have to pay I think $2-3 but it's worth it especially in the winter time when you're waiting for your train in the freezing cold. They also have a decent bar area with tv's and comfy booths to sit in. I am always on the dancefloor so I haven't really sat down but it looks nice! The drinks are pretty reasonable and of course bottom shelf. We don't really need top shelf stuff. It's a very loud place and I will often go home with that ringing in my ears. But sometimes I'll call that a fun night. The dancefloor is pretty big and there's plenty of room to do your thing. But I think from now on this is one of the places we'll go!
Went to dinner tonight with  six friends and waited 15-20 minutes for my dinner while my six friends ate their dinner.  No apology was offered, the waitress only said that my food was on the way.  The salmon was dry when it finally arrived.  I was offered a free drink but  the token drink didn't make up for the terrible service  and nonchalant attitude.
Don't think I'll be visiting this place again... When we went last night there was a $5 cover chargeand. No big deal, the place had a decent looking crowd so we paid and went in. As soon as we walk up to the bar one of our party members finds someone's credit card...maybe the guy left it here, no big deal again. I open up a tab, buy a round for the group, and then grab a seat. The music sounds pretty good so we decide to hit the floor. I want one more drink before I go so I order another one from the bar. The same bartender serves me but *gasp* she can't find my tab or my card! I tell her "I gave it to you when I ordered my last drink, " she frantically looks and asks another bartender and then tells me "sorry baby we don't have it... That'll be $8..." Nope... No way and no thanks... All I could think of was the card we found when we walked in and that someone else "found" my card. I talk to the group, they say cancel it, I walk outside, cancel, and come back in an irritated mood, expecting to wait 5 to 10 business days for a new card. Well one of the girls in the group sees I'm in a bummed mood and decides she'll go ask for me. Lo and behold she pulls the my friend wants to close out his name is "D" can I get the check please? They find my card, close the tab, and manage to irritate me even more haha. Luckily my bank was able to undo my cancellation, but still I wouldn't trust my card here again. Besides all that they did play good music, the place had space, and there were good looking people there. Still probably won't be visiting again though...
We went to the rooftop for dinner and drinks and were happy with the overall vibe.  We happen to get a great night under the stars and enjoyed the food, drinks and live music.  Fish tacos made with tilapia were a hit.  Mixed crowd on a sat night in terms of age..30's, 40's and up were upstairs while downstairs it was definitely a younger late night crowd.
It your typical bar/club scene in Rockville Centre. Music was awesome, drinks I had Moscata all night so I really do not know. My only complaint and this is big  one is that there is only two bathroom stalls for the women's room.  Average wait time is about twenty minutes. Guys room even had a line guess we should invest in bigger bathrooms to accommodate the bigger crowds expected on the weekend.  Establishment had a nice decor, modern, and it was clean. Staff was friendly. All around a nice place to kick it with friends.  I would definitely go back there.
I have never eaten here but Kasey's is a staple in local nightlife. If you are in your mid 20's and are looking to get sloppy with the bro's this is the place to be. With reasonably priced drink/shots and a plethora of inebriated college girls ready to make bad decisions makes this place a "win" for Saturday night. dress code (for night time) is no hats, hoodies, or jerseys. PS: i have never been here for dinner but i hear the burgers a good.
This place has multiple personalities. If you go on any day before 8ish, It's really really good bar food, and nice servers.  I mean REALLY good barfood.   There are a lot of tv's, so it's a great place to go and watch a game. If you go after 8 on a weekend, you are going to be hanging out with Eya'Tony and Snookie.  If you have a blowout, come here and party with paulie D and talk about how much black corvettes rule. The drinks are pricey too. blegh.
Highway robbery on the roof! Lets start with the good stuff Beautiful rooftop setting and a nice staff Now the pilferigazation story Pretty safe bet this is the same kitchen as the bar food downstairs so why are quesadillas $14? salads $17? chips w dip $13 andskirt steak $27? and no french fries they give you these burntly fried crisps that taste like tooth piks! asparagus/ sweet potato hash looks and tastes like something from Trader Joes. oh and lastly $6.50 for a can of beer? big bucks for mediocre fare
I don't like when you pay for a drink and it's not a flat dollar.  $5.50 for a beer means a $1.50 tip.  Uh, no thanks. Also be prepared for blow outs and fake and bake tans left and right.  This LI crowd tends to attract some older guids and guidettes.  This translates into a night of people trying to recapture their youth and generally trying a little too hard.
Mixed crowd. Women getting punched. And low rated security. Pass this place up.
One of the more up-beat RVC bars. Semi-college bar/ semi-not. We had fun dancing. I like that they have coat-check, but was it really necessary to be charged extra especially after a cover charge. We ended up putting our coats on one hanger to save some cash.
I came here on a Thursday  night  it was only $5 cover  a good lounge. The music  was very good and the crowd was very mixed.
I've been coming to this place for 15 years.  The first 10 years was mostly to go out at night, and food was an afterthought.  Most recently though I have been there on quite a few occasions over the last five years or so to dine.  My experiences vary, but the food is always a bit above average for catering, and just average/a little below average for your everyday ordering.  Food was good every time I went to a party, and have another party there in a few weeks so will update as needed.  My most recent time here though was on the new rooftop dining area.  Here is goes... First off, they need an escalator or something, or an elevator...and not for us, its for the people bringing the food!  By the time they get the drinks or food from the kitchen, out to the alleyway, and up the 90 steps to your table, the ice is melted and the food is already cooled off a bit!  All joking aside its not that bad, but I think anyone showing up for the first time may have a similar impression as I did.   Ok food, appetizers overall were good.  Spinach dip was actually terrible though, boo on that one.  Asian calamari was good and other apps were very good...just that spinach dip...ugh...   Entree's were just poorly prepared in every sense.  Six diners ordered four burgers, a crab cake with lobster risotto entree, and penne ala vodka.  Every burger was overcooked, not even pink.  one asked for medium, all three others rare and medium rare...they were all charred.  The penne ala vodka was just horrible, i'm talking canned penne sauce would have been better, and the crab cake was what I got with the lobster risotto and just not that good to be honest.  The risotto was like paste, and the crab cakes although not bad, were just not great.  They had a very strange consistency, like a veggie crunch to them as if they put cole slaw in them.  I was not crazy about them at all.  No good sauce for the cakes either...boo.   The atmosphere is good though, which is why it gets three stars because if it were just on food i'd give it a 2.5 at best for my last particular sitting.  I will update this in a few weeks after my next visit here.
I went here for drinks with a few friends and it was decent.  The place is set up with the bar in one room with some booths, and another room cleared out for dancing.  We had to pay a $5 cover which was lame.  The drinks were strong which made me quickly forget about that, though. I think I would enjoy this place during the week more than on a Saturday night.  If you are the type that sports a blowout that is suitable for nesting a small bird, then this might be the place for you.   Seriously, this was guido central and after a couple of hours I couldn't take it anymore.  The menu looked good though and the bar was nice, I will probably come back another time during a big game to take advantage of their numerous TV's.
I've only been here late night, so I can't comment on the food..but the drinks are cheap, music is decent, crowd is obnoxious and incredibly young & stupid.
Had such a great time. The staff is pleasant and there is a decently mixed crowd. No fist pumpers here!
Sat on the rooftop for lunch.. food was pretty good and the cocktail selection was great! Nice atmosphere and good music... staff was a little young and rowdy, I would suggest some older staff members to rein them in when they get out of hand but over all I had a very nice experience! At night however the crowd is a tad young and rowdy.. I mean 21 year old pukers in the bathroom...not cool!
It's your standard pub on a Saturday.  What I like about the place, is the fact that it's very large and you do not have to search for a location to chill.  Also, being that you it's a big place, the bar is also big and you  can usually find a way to wiggle in to order drinks.  The bartenders are really nice and so are the bouncers.  The drinks are also decently priced too.
Would be three stars if the service was up to par.  The food was half decent, but being ignored by all four people behind the bar upon arrival on a very quiet Saturday evening just bugged the hell out of me.
I bump into this while chilling in Rockville Centre a long time ago. Had dinner and it was a chill spot! Nice feel, but the other night I when to another spot next door and walk by an this spot was like a night club! Packed with women drinking up a storm. Go expirence it yourself...Rockville Centre Is becoming the Mini-Manhattan!  Just in my opinion...lol
Nice place after dark. The ppl are friendly but the open tab cost is crazy, really? i have to spend $25 to end my tab..back home its $10 smh
Nice atmosphere and older crowd. White sangria is off the chains!!
Nice bar, good atmosphere on the weekends, but not a fan of the $25 minimum on credit cards.
The space is nicely designed for ease of movement. The food arrived quickly, was enjoyable and the drinks were nice and cold. Polite and attentive wait staff; can't vouch the same for the bartenders.
Pretty cool bar to hang out in. They have free wings during happy hour, which goes until 8pm. Drinks are good, and the crowd is cool. They had a live musician playing guitar and singing, which was a nice addition as well.
Went for drinks and apps on the rooftop. Nice atmosphere and an attentive staff. Our waitress Kathryn was a gem!
Good environment lost of space ever since they expanded music is good compared to the area bars
Horrible food, violent bouncers, rude staff, rude management, trouble with a capital T. Under aged ppl equal fights breaking out. Steer clear
nice place food was good and so was service.
It's now called Kasey's Kitchen and Cocktails (recently renovated), and I just came from there this evening pretty satisfied! I was looking for a place that my meat eater mother and health nut father (and vegetarian me) would all like, and there's everything from soups, sandwiches, burgers, salad, seafood, steak and an impressive drink menu... 8 pages worth, I believe. Pricing is decent, and there's even a special menu for finger foods available until 3am when they close. It's a casual spot, jeans and nice top, off of Park Ave in Rockville Centre which is a pretty happening/trafficky area. There's a large bar area, patio seating, booths, tables, and a private area for parties and such. Our food came out pretty quickly and the portions were pretty generous. It wasn't too loud for a weeknight evening and there's six flat screen tvs above the bar playing sports and such. I really liked it, considering I pulled the name out of a hat. Kids and adults alike were in and about, so overall - there's something for EVERYONE. I would recommend this place!!
Exceptionally loud for a Monday night, but I think there was a work party going on.  My steak sandwich was excellent!  They desperately need to clean their lines on the taps as I tried a few different drafts and all had a horrible "bad tap" taste to them.
We had my sons wedding rehearsal dinner there.  90 people. They did a great job food was great service was great all in all a wonderful experience
I tried Kasey's for the first time last summer and found a chopped fly in my salad. I recently had the courage to go back and found the service, food, and drinks expensive and significantly underrated. The food was not fresh, plates were dirty, and given the city-esq prices this place boasts, I would expect A LOT more. A customer no more.
So this past Tuesday I went to Kasey's with my family. We all started off with the Cream of Chicken soup and the fried ravioli. Both were very good. For my entree I chose the Parmesan Crusted Chicken, which was served over linguine. The presentation was very nice, and the food while it wasn't the best I've had was still very good. My mother and brother both had the pot roast, which they ended up not liking very much. I guess it can't all be good. I heard from a friend that they have awesome burgers there, so I might be tempted to go back just for that (I'm a sucker for a good burger!). The waiter was super nice and comped one of my Guiness' as well. They had a pretty good deal going (buy one entree and get one free) so when all was said and done, we ended up paying just under 60 bucks for 4 entrees, 4 cups of soup, an appetizer, and 2 beers. While I wasn't completely wowed by Kasey's, I would say that If you're in the area on a Tuesday you should give them a shot. A good deal on some good food can't be beat.
