In a word Fantastic!!!! I moved into the area 6 months ago from Manhattan. Would put this deli far above any I use to go to. Friendly and welcoming: From the owner to the great people they have working there.ALL SUPER FRIENDLY!! Extensive menu with daily specials. Friday BBQ's in the summer, Friday night jam session (live music). Worse thing I can say (selfishly) is, they are closed Sundays, so I can't have a lazy Sunday breakfast delivery! I would say they are certainly worth the trip or call for delivery...
I tried this place on the advice of a friend of a friend who insisted it would be "my kind of place".  Man, was that ever good advice; I may love this place.  It's casual and lively and full of great characters.  As one of the other reviewers mentioned, it also tends to be full of cops so if you're not a fan of the police you may want to consider another alternative.   It's a bit of a challenge to find; it's on a one-way street going in what feels like the wrong direction, and parking is challenging, at best, but, if you want a grinder (yeah, I'm from Rhode Island....it's not a wedge (that's when your underwear rides up) or a hoagie or a sub, it's a grinder....dammit) that's bigger than your head and made with high-quality ingredients, this is your place.   I've even introduced my customer, who happens to be the reason I'm in the area in the first place, to Carmine's and now he's a fan.  You probably will be, too.  Try it!
I heard about this deli on Yelp. I was nearby and decided to try and find it (a little tricky!). Right off the bat, I'll tell you this place is frequented by local cops, so if seeing a bunch of guys with guns and badges freaks you out, don't go here. The joint is jumpin and it's a nice day so lots of people sitting outside. I order one of their custom concoctions and grab a bag of chips and a bottle of water. The sammy, on a roll, was $7.50...not outrageous but not on the cheap side either. There's a drum kit set up inside but I have no idea if and when they have live music. They are only open until 4pm, so who knows. Good enough to return to if I'm in the area, but not going out of my way to go.
Yelp disappointed me with this one. I was in the area and saw the good reviews so my brother and I stopped in for lunch. The menu looked good- I was excited to order a Carmela and my brother ordered a New Yorker. The first issue was the wait. The place was hardly full and we waited what seemed like an eternity for our sandwiches. When they were finally brought out the only way I could describe them is basic. Not a lot of meat and my bread was stale and hard. Anyone who thinks this is a good deli is probably pretty basic or has never been to a real italian deli.
Very good food, a little pricey. But the quality of the food is usually solid. I just wish their hours were later.
I love this deli!!! Clean and great food. The owner is also very sociable and always present.
Stopped in at Carmine's while on a business trip and the Yelp reviews didn't let me down. I had the Carmela which was one hell of a sandwich. The usual Italian meats -  prosciutto, soppresata, hot capicolla, provolone, lettuce, tomato, sweet peppers, oil & vinegar. Great flavor!
Hard to find when you go by the yelp maps, but worth looking for this little gem!  Its near Winthrop Ave., not near the country club. Wish we had a place like this near us in MA. Got the roast beef with coleslaw and Russian dressing. It was great!  If anyone is passing by this area you need to stop by.  They have a ton of creative sandwich options.  Very friendly staff too. :)
Over hyped and definately over priced !    They care more for the phone orders and deliveries then walk in customers    Go to Subway!
Carmine's is the reason I love Yelp. What a find/gem. We were in Sleepy Hollow, NY playing tourist and wanted something interesting for lunch. Out comes the iPhone and in minutes Yelp suggests Carmine's Deli. We give up our parking spot and were off for a foodie adventure. The space is an interesting mix with outdoor seating, inside seating that is a mix of mismatched tables and chairs, deli coolers and counter and a small bandstand. Fun! While I was there a string of regulars came in for lunch and to pick up to-go orders. The is vast; spanning breakfast, deli sandwiches, paninis, and wraps, BBQ, a specials board, soups and more. The meatball parm sandwich is ver good. Fluffy meat balls lightly coated with tomato sauce and mozzarella on your choice of bread. Wish I lived closer to explore the menu. Today I'd try a corned beef panini! Yum!
Carmine's is becoming my favorite lunch spot when I'm in Elmsford. I'm still working my way through their menu, but I haven't had a bad sandwich here yet. My favorite so far: the vegetarian--grilled zucchini and yellow squash w/ roasted red peppers, mozzarella, and balsamic. If it's a nice day out, they have a really nice patio and it's excellent to sit outside and eat. They also seem to go by the honest system here if you're eating in. After you eat, you go up to the register and tell them what you had. Not too many places do that anymore, which is nice. Heads up: Debbie P is right about the address being wrong here. Carmine's is on 7 Old Rd, Elmsford (NOT 7 Old Rd West). If you put 7 Old Rd W into your GPS, you'll end up going through a golf course and then end up in someone's driveway. Not fun.
A hard to find "neighborhood " place that will satisfy your appetite. They have great sandwiches, wraps, salads, paninis and a large selection of daily hot foods. Everything on their menu is reasonably priced and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend Carmines if you are ever in the Elmsford area.
Its a deli restaurant, and not fancy but its a really good one, plus charm of a local hangout. It has a pleasant patio by a park or eat inside. ATTENTION:  Yelp has the address wrong and the owner says he can't get them to correct it to SEVEN (7) Old Road.  5 Old road will lead you to a private residence. Anyway....tons of deli sandwiches (my corned beef on Rye for $6.95 was excellent). They also have breakfast and plate lunches.  We also had a rare roast beef with mashed potatoes, gravy and wonderfully seasoned squash plate for $9.95.  Honestly the plate was more than I should have eaten...3 quarters of a pound of beef or more...but I finished it anyway.  Friendly staff and from the posters inside, occasional local type events such as all you can eat type meals.  Worth a try.
Great sauce with sausage!  Sunday gravy!
One of the very best delis in the area without a doubt. Extensive menu, really awesome friendly people working there, good music and vibe in general
Carmines is awesome. Super friendly staff, willing to go out of their way to help you, prompt delivery as well. They have a huge selection of well thought out sandwiches at a reasonable price. However, recently they have raised the price of their food, and lowered the amount of ingredients slightly. I will continue to order from there regularly, as I am a loyal customer, and the food is delicious.
Good sandwiches and daily specials.  Friday bbqs are a great deal.  Friendly people.  Sit outside and enjoy weather.
First of all I had no idea this was here and I work 5 minutes away from the place. The food is awesome, your above average deli/cafe selections and variety. The staff here seems to be a big family and everyone is very courteous and professional. They do catering as well and their prices are very reasonable. If you are anywhere near this place you have to stop in, it's not very far off of 287.
It's ok, but should not get 5 stars.  I went 4 times after reading these reviews and it wasn't that bad, but it certainly doesn't deserve the highest rating possible, even in the sandwich category.  I mean come on...
I no longer work in the area, but when I did, I used to order lunch delivery from there often. Everything on their menu is excellent and very reasonably priced. I love all their sandwiches, salads, and soups. I kept trying things on their menu and I was never disappointed. Their sandwiches are their star...always high quality ingredients freshly prepared and you can taste it. It was the high point of my day to eat lunch from Carmine's. This is a nice neighborhood deli that deserves my praise. It really is a gem that I only found because of yelp.
Delicious sandwiches, friendly staff, and reasonable prices. What more can you ask for from a deli!
The best place to eat lunch. Period. The end.
Friendly folks with very good sandwiches and salads. Not an easy place to stumble upon, since they are just off Main Street (Tarrytown Road/Rt.119) in Elmsford.  But once you find it, you'll be back.  Their specials are great. They'll customize anything for you and remember your preferences, if you're a regular.  And they are probably at least a dollar or two less on every sandwich than the local competition.   I'm probably there for lunch 3 or 4 times a week.
The best deli and lunch spot in town.
I had the Daytona 500 and it was fantastic. Very reaonable prices, too. Get there before the lunch rush at noon - the place gets packed
I had to cater a business lunch yesterday and reached out to Carmines to provide a cold cut platter along with a house salad and a macaroni salad. The cold cuts, the salad's, and the rolls/bread were extremely fresh and they showed up right when I asked them to. Being on time and having fresh food may sound like a simple task, but when you host these types of "lunch and learns" as much as I do, unfortunately there are other businesses who do not deliver on simple request. Rick was very friendly and made sure everything was set up and we had everything before heading out. Extremely satisfied with Carmines, will use them again in the near future.
Some of the best food around and for a great price. Have already gone in twice since finding out about this place and will be back very soon. The menu is HUGE!
