Had the Crazy Panini... chicken cutlet, bacon, pastrami, mozzarella, hot sauce, pesto and chipotle mayo. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Place is clean, had great looking hot dishes and a very large menu of sandwiches. Definitely going back.
I was traveling for work and this place popped up on my Yelp app as a good eat in the neighborhood. The other reviewers did not steer me wrong. This place has dozens of amazingly appealing food and sandwich combinations. It smells great, looks good, and if my one sandwich is any indicator of the rest of the food, tastes good too. I got what was essentially a chicken parm but with vodka sauce instead of marinara. Wow. They have a bunch of other cool sandwich ideas on the board but if you are lost for one I would recommend the vodka chicken "parm."
A great deli! I always go with one of their signature paninis. They have a lot of different choices and offer items that are not usually found at other delis including spicy chipotle mayo and other toppings. The chicken cutlet is thin and flavorful and the paninis are filled with just the right amount of ingredients. I usually go with the LSU, the Bruschetta, or the Americana. Can't go wrong with this deli!
Awesome sandwiches and pano is. for take out. Line is always long because the food is so good.   Classic favorites include LSU,007 and Michelangelo. Also great hot tale out ( chicken dishes).
Perfect food but the person behind the counter isn't nice at all and yelled at me when I ordered!
Incredible little deli right off the main drag in Scarsdale. This place might not seem so special until you try the food. It's a little whole in the wall serving up some of the freshest sandwiches in Westchester. From the bread to the chicken cutlets, everything is delicious and this is a must try spot.
Obsessed with this deli! Everyone that works there are so nice and try their hardest to remember your name. The soup of the day always tastes amazing and their sandwiches are great. If you ever have a chance to try their fried mozzarella & prosciutto you're in for a treat!
Fantastic bread, fresh ingredients. Loved the Bruschetta panini! No seating - just take out. Nice selection of packaged goodies to bring home too.
I no longer work in the area so I am really missing out on these sandwiches- one day I was craving something a little different and the guy behind the counter said he'd make me something special. Out came a sandwich with egg whites, mozzarella, and broccoli rabe. It was heaven. I will never forget it. Great for special sandwiches, not the plain old deli meats!
The are responsible with the best sandwich in Edgemont and Scarsdale, the legendary 007. The craft of this awesome sandwich is appreciated by all and comparable to none. It's truly in a league of it's own. They make other great sandwiches too, but to eat here and not feast on the 007 would be criminal. A great establishment all around, and a real favorite amongst the community.
The Bambino is my favorite, it has chicken cutlet, bruschetta, arugula, mozzarella & balsamic. Refreshing and not too heavy. Some of the other sandwiches I've had can be a bit much and too heavy, but overall they do a great job. HUGE selection of sandwiches grilled panini and wraps. Nice people.
I just started working in the area and I am so happy that I found this deli. Earlier in the week I ordered a chicken cutlet hero with vodka sauce and mozzarella. Not only was it ready in about 3min but it was sooo good. I will be back VERY soon!
The best in Westchester. The paninis, the salads, the fresh mozzarella, THE FRESH MOZZARELLA. Did I mention the fresh mozzarella? It's the stuff dreams are made of. Everything they make is delicious and they will tailor it to your taste. I'm Italian and grew up eating the best, and Buon Amici is simply that, the best. In addition to the delicious food, they are hands down the nicest group of guys you've ever met. I don't say that lightly either. They truly are. No matter what time of day, no matter how busy they are, every single person there greets you with a smile and makes you feel like family. John (the owner) is the kind of businessman you'd want in your neighborhood.
I drive all the way from Rockland once a week with my bf just for a sandwich and mozz ball. The food is unbeatable you can't go wrong with anything & everyone is so friendly. LOVE this place.
Best deli ever!!! The food is very fresh and delicious. Try the 007 and bambino!! Best sandwiches
This is a great deli to grab a lunch to eat on the train or for any occasion.  The catering is also a very appealing option.  The workers are extremely friendly, and if you go in there 2 or 3 times a week, they will take very good care of you. I would reccomend the chicken bruschetta. absolutely phenomenal
Best chicken cutlets in Westchester! But really, this is a great spot. Parking is pretty accessible and the variety is splendid. The bread is also always fresh, crunchy and tasty! Can't go wrong for lunch but the only caveat is that you should place a phone order before you go because you will have to wait if it's lunch time.
This is by far the best deli I have ever been to. No, it's not a Jewish deli, so don't expect typical Boar's Head sandwiches like turkey breast or roast beef. This place is an ITALIAN deli. And only the finest food comes out of Italy! All of the guys working their are natives of Italy and are some of the friendliest people around. They really put their hearts and souls into making the food. All of their mozzarella is soooo fresh! And their paninis will fill you up and put a smile on your face. If you go there, I recommend: 007 (Panini: Chicken cutlet, hot sauce, BBQ sauce, mozzarella, bacon), or the Bruschetta (chicken cutlet, mozzarella, chipotle mayo, tomato bruschetta). WARNING: This place is take-out or delivery ONLY. There are NO TABLES, so don't come here if you are looking for a sit down meal.
Seriously seriously good food! WOW. Stopped here for lunch and was initially overcome by the delicious aroma when I walked in. The guys are super kind and friendly. One bite into my panini and it was a throwback to eating food in Italy. Delish!!
Nothing is better than a 007 or LSU at the one and only buon amici. Everything made there is fresh and delicious. The only complaint is the delivery service is very slow. Otherwise its amazing.
Love their sandwiches, especially the KGB!
Interesting deli, but not the type of place to which I would continually return. Panini's get old after a while and I found them to be on the dry side. Almost like they should scoop out some of the dough before they pressed it. Also, the price is consistent with Scarsdale, which means plan on spending over $10 for a panini, chips and a drink.
THEY MAKE THEIR OWN MOZZARELLA. EVERY DAY. If you are lucky enough to be there early in the morning, you can see the boys making it and if you are REALLY lucky, they will let you sample a fresh, melty piece. This is my favorite italian deli in all of Westchester, probably the entire world. Their paninis are outstanding- the bread is so fresh and absolutely anything they put on it is fantastic. My personal favorite is the Bruschetta- chicken cutlet, bruschetta (what do they put in here?!?! i literally dream about it), mozzarella and chipotle mayo, although I sub the mayo with their balsamic vinaigrette. my husband is adamant that their Crazy panini is the best sandwich ever created- chicken cutlet, bacon, pastrami, mozzarella, pesto, hot sauce and chipotle mayo. If you are a fan of pastrami, you HAVE to try this sandwich. He loves the pastrami so much that he usually asks for it without the chicken just so he can have more of the peppery pastrami. There are several kinds of wedges, foccacia sandwiches, wraps and 1-2 daily soups. Their chicken chili is really good- it has a different flavor than your traditional chili, it has more of a warm, earthy spice like he may have added some cumin or cinnamon. He told me once and I of course, forgot. It is so unique as a chili. You can also purchase some little desserts, like cupcakes, brownies, cookies, candy, ice cream and gelato cups. There's an interesting selection of beverages plus some of the standards. Some of the ingredients they use are also available for purchase. Their daily specials are outstanding. John, the owner, really knows how to combine fresh, authentic ingredients in just the right ways. All the specials are out, front and center so you can see what amazing dishes John has created each day. Personal favorites of mine have been the gnocchi bolognese, the penne vodka, the gnocchi with prosciutto and cream sauce, meatballs, macaroni and cheese, etc. If you are ever there on a day when John has made pulled pork over mashed potatoes- GET IT. He once made an orecchiette in a pulled pork bolognese that was probably one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had.  And one of the best things about that dish- John made it especially for us. I had stopped in the night before to try it and they were all sold out. He was so nice and offered to make it again, for us the next day. As always, he had it packed up and ready to go when I stopped by after work. Even on St. Patrick's day,  John made a corned beef, cabbage and potatoes that put Rory Dolan's to shame. Although the food alone is reason enough to keep coming back to Buon Amici, John and "the boys" still go out of their way to make all their customers feel welcomed and appreciated. They get to know you and always take time to stop and chat a little. Any time you are huddled in their cozy place, you can see how much they love their customers and their community. Thank-you notes line the counter and the back wall, expressing gratitude for Buon Amici's involvement in local events. It's nice to know that places like this still exist.
Buon Amici is a tiny deli with delicious sandwiches. It is conveniently located about a 3-minute walk away from the Scarsdale train station. The place is clean and the workers are very friendly.
For Italian delicacies without making the haul to Brooklyn, this is the place to go in Eastchester/Scarsdale. Fresh mozzerela every day. However, the bread is a little dry for my liking, and "the boys" are sometimes a little careless and unattentive. A little too modern athmosphere for an Italian deli in Eastchester like this. Sandwiches can be very dry. All in all for finer Italian delicacies, the best, but to pick up an average sandwich , not worth it to go out of your way. also scarsdale ave parking is tough, to say the least
