This is one of the coolest events I've ever attended! Best part? It's free! I highly recommend it to anyone who is lucky to be in Buffalo in the summer during the time of this event! Parking is pretty easy to find if you don't mind a nice stroll with caravans of cyclists. I loved the live bands, and I discovered the Albrights! They are great live! If you arrive a little early, you can score free Eco-friendly paper lanterns to light up the sky. The beer line was ridiculous long and there was also a good selection of food trucks. Obviously food and drinks cost $, but they were all reasonably priced:) The best part of the event are the art installations in the abandoned silos and grain elevators! I've never been in one before and it's so cool to roam around and explore each nook and cranny. I'm not a museum/art connoisseur by any means but there were many great artworks. I think the crowd and atmosphere make it a lot more enjoyable than the quiet, solemn art museums. If you're lucky to be around during next years city of night, jump on the opportunity!
One of the most unique, mesmerizing events I've ever been to.  I cannot even put into words what I saw and experienced but it was definitely something I will never forget.  The exhibits were such an incredible use of the old abandoned industrial site.  Unbelievable. Minus one star for some of the organization.  I learned that in the future, I will not bother getting beer at this event.  20 minutes in line to purchase drink tickets and then another 45 minutes in line (or rather a huge mass of people) to actually get the beer.  If you don't need beer, you can avoid this headache entirely and just enjoy the amazing exhibits and great live music. Parking was also a nightmare.  More shuttles would be a very easy solution.  We simply parked illegally next to the train tracks and hoped no one would box us in. This event is a MUST see.
Another great year for City of Night 2014!  The sheer size was astounding.  I missed last year, but attended 2 years ago when it was small and new.  This year I was shocked to see the number of people.  It was definitely a great event that drew in astounding numbers from all over WNY.  This might be one of the unique events EVER! The number of people did become overwhelming around 9 and 10pm.  There were lines to get into the main silo, and the beer and food truck lines were incredibly long.  It's definitely better to arrive early (before 8, honestly) for food and some beer before it gets crazy.  The bike valet seemed to have run out of spots, but it was really awesome to have a place to park your bike for free! Overall, it was another successful year at this growing event.  I am excited to see what next year will bring!
This is the coolest event I've ever been to. Ever. I can't even describe the magnitude and feat of this. From 4pm to 4am, an otherwise usually-empty part of Buffalo is transformed into a huge art festival and free party of epic proportions. Grain elevators are decked out with huge art installations. I felt like I was in a video game of sorts walking around, with random adventures and surprises taking part on almost every corner. Going to this event made me feel like a gleeful tourist in my own city. From fire breathing to burlesque dancing to decked out psychedelic dance parties breaking out in random rooms of the silos and a huge main stage with projections, dancing and an awesome DJ. There's no use in having me write about every aspect of this event as there is just so much going on and it's bound to be different every year. All I can say is that if you missed it this year, be sure that you're there next year so you can be a part of something magical.
With a few kinks ironed out, City of Night could become the sort of signature event that the city of Buffalo has always sought, the sort of event to attract people from all over the state, all over the country to the otherwise all oft-ignored streets like Louisiana, South Park, and Hamburg.  In all seriousness, how many cities anywhere still have standing grain elevators by their waterfronts?  How many of them permit musicians to play in their shadows, artists to show off their labors on, in, and through them?  I showed pictures of City of Night 2013 to friends living elsewhere who couldn't for a second believe that such an event could occur in Buffalo.  Several have already begged invitations for next year.  (I'm assuming there is a next year, but after the success of this one, how couldn't there be?) So for you unfamiliar with the event itself, City of Night is a one-day festival of sorts designed to show off and spark interest in the repurposing of the city's long-abandoned grain elevators in affiliation with the larger Silo City project.  For this festival, organizers invited local artists to show off projects and peddle their wares, local nonprofits and other arts organizations (from WNYPIRG to Squeaky Wheel, Hispanic institutions, and reading advocates) to host tables to drum up support, singers and performance artists to do their worst (their best) on one of several stages, and food trucks to provide nourishment... er... sustenance... er... vittles.  The result was rather awesome.   Since the site was designed in a pre-automotive era, parking to accommodate the numbers of people even visiting City of Night 2013 was never conceived, but the organizers and the community have pulled together to creatively come up with solutions.  The organizers encouraged bicycle usage, going so far as to offer a free "bicycle valet" in association with a local interest group.  Meanwhile, boats, special buses, and carpools ferried many folks in and out of the Old First Ward.  (I'll cross my fingers in the hopes that they may have espied a business they would like to return to frequent on a subsequent trip.)   I cannot commend the organizers enough for the creativity and ingenuity demonstrated by the conception and execution of the event in large part.  But certain items do stand out as needing improvement for City of Night 2014... 1) Though this festival is called "City of Night," but that doesn't mean that a lack of illumination is acceptable. As the day wore on and the sun sank, I was treated to spectacular views of the elevators, of the surrounding water.  But also saw an incredible number of people trip over each other, over loose rocks, over food truck refuse.  Next year, more lighting needs to be rigged to ensure the safety of festivalgoers, especially on the lonely road from the entrance to Silo City and the festival site and in the main open area. 2) The food trucks need to be moved.  Without even asking them, I can assure you that the food trucks did gangbusters business throughout the day and evening of Saturday.  Lines were long throughout the day.  Unfortunately, since the food trucks were lined up perpendicular to the main stage, this meant that lines piled up that obstructed access to the main stage.  Not only was this obstruction aggravating, I can envision many scenarios in which it could have been potentially very dangerous.  Providing the food trucks their own dedicated space would have eliminated the lines and opened up far more of an otherwise very wide space to congregating, greeting old friends, making new friends, and so forth. 3) Better signage on site would have been helpful to ensure that people knew where they were and where they had not yet been.  Though free maps were handed out, especially later in the day, it became very difficult to tell which buildings housed which exhibits.  I am saddened to report that I in fact missed three whole exhibit spaces because I simply could not find them. But if these are the best of the plaints of Alex K., then City of Night must have done an incredible job.   As far as I am convinced, City of Night is close to becoming the can't miss event of the summer in Buffalo.
This event was epic and legend, wait for it, dary! Went with hubs around 10 PM. This event definitely takes on a new vibe at night. This event has it all; 1-booze (beer/wine tent area or you can kinda take care of it yourself ;p) 2-entertainment (all types of art; paintings, sculptures, performances, performance pieces, light shows, projections,DJ spinning dance tunes and on and on) 3-location (old ward grain silos that you could climb and explore!!!) 4-people (4PM-2AM meant this place drew everyone from families, elderly, hipsters, artists, and several people that you maybe never wanted to see again all in one cool location!) 5-food trucks! enough said! Only con was there didn't seem to be enough porta johns around, I counted 7 and definitely there were thousands of people there. YOU MUST GO TO THIS EVENT IF YOU DIDN'T THIS YEAR!
Yes, I tend to give local events that are artistic and creative 5 stars.   Come experience what your neighbors are creating.   And have some draft beer and a food truck visit.  In a fabulous venue that is old time renewed Buffalo.
It was a lot of fun. I regret having eaten before coming here. Next time I will wear sneakers. I thought the music was exciting, and the different stage areas were a good idea for different moods. The fire spinning group was amazing. I saw all ages, even into the late hours and a lot of bicyclists.
