Great coffee!  I prefer Stella's to Starbucks and Gimme as both of the others seem to have acidic, burnt-tasting coffee. Stella's has rich coffee that is not too acidic.  Great food, too. I'd be there way more often if college-town was easier to drive and park in.  But, if you're up near Cornell, Stella's is the best place for coffee (easily!).
I have a friend who can not stand their motto, "the home of casual swank", but their effort to emulate hipster culture seems more charming and quaint to me than privileged.  My only real complaint about the atmosphere is that the cafe side is usually crowded. However you feel about the atmosphere though, Stellas will serve you good food and a decent cup of coffee.  If price were not an issue I would probably order fish frequently, as they are one of the few places in College Town that will even serve fish, let alone cook it decently.  However, when price is an issue Stella's really shines during their half-price burger special.  Depending on the chef sometimes the burgers are excellent, and other times they are adequate, but for half price they make early dinner at Stella's the best in College Town.
3/5 stars.  Plus: Drink selection - speciality drinks, local ingredients.  Downside: Service/Baristas. MIXED.  Some Baristas are SUPERNICE, others NOT.  Supernice barista let myself and a friend stay late after closing, because she wasn't finished cleaning up yet - also, a male barista hand poured my soda in a cup with the ease of a slow beer pour.  The baristas at Starbucks are super-friendly and will tailor drinks to your *every need* (this starbucks is directly across the street from Stella's).  At Stella's: When I inquired about "sugar free" syrup, I was given a look of contempt and felt almost punished for asking the question (from the barista).  It was late, and I wanted a snack, and was told the kitchen was closed but that other food places around the area (on College Ave.) were still selling - however, I was verbally forbade from bringing food from outside places into Stella's.  Also, having a low-key cell conversation on the coffee-shop-side while music was blasting in the coffeeshop and the bar nextdoor was hyper-loud, I was given an obvious, uncomfortable "evil eye" from the barista for speaking on my cell. Another downside: Pay service for wifi.  Wifi is free at starbucks.  Although it is only $8 for a month, you basically have to pay money to sit in a non-well-lit (at night) coffeeshop to study/socialize.  Another problem would be their lighting, which hasn't been fixed since the 10 times I've frequented the store - meaning, from sundown to midnight, 1/2 of the coffeshop is useless as it is so dark one can barely read a light computer screen.
Great coffees here in this popular and busy cafe. Even better service - really friendly staff and very helpful. A huge variety of bagels available with different spreads/toppings and other snacks, cakes and pastries. Rustic wooden tables and wooden panelling around the walls. A great place to take a break from sightseeing in this area!
My favorite place to get Coffee in Collegetown. As someone from NYC, its nice to go to a restaurant that reminds me of home - yes they try to be cool and classy, and I have no problem with that whatsoever. Its a coffeeshop - obviously they'll try to have a certain vibe going. They have a great variety of neat drinks, and the servers are always witty and friendly. Great to go with a couple friends to sit and talk for a while while drinking a delicious tea, hot chocolate or coffee-creation.
Excellent coffee! If you want some designer coffees that include intriguing ingredients like sea salt and cardamom, this is the go-to place. They also have decent cocktails, and great food. Only complaint is that they change their menu too often, so it's hard to have a favorite or give recommendations here.
I really love going to Stella's, its too bad parking in collegetown is always such a pain.   The coffee drinks are good, and I think that every time I have eaten there, I have ordered the crab bisque.  The brie, bacon, apple sandwich is also very good.
This place gets my complete respect. The Batista was so detail oriented, and you NEVER get a Batista who makes designs in your latte with the steamed milk anymore. He was friendly and made two of the best drinks I have ever tasted in my life (one was a Mr. Taylor and the other was a Milky Way). I had waffles with fruit and this cream sauce that came with it. It  was sinfully delightful to my pallet and the overall experience brightened my day. They definitely made a new fan! I
I've been to Stella's twice: Once for dinner and once for brunch. Overall, my dinner experience was a good one. I ordered a burger. Overall, I thought the burger was pretty excellent, though it was a little overpriced in my opinion. I thought I could get a comparable burger at Ithaca Ale House or at Ruloff's for a little less. Other than the price, I was satisfied with the experience. Brunch was a totally different story. I placed an order for an omelet. I think I waited between 20 and 30 minutes before my omelet finally came out. As someone who makes omelets pretty regularly, I know for a fact they don't take that long to make. Also, Stella's wasn't really busy that day, so I have a hard time believing that it took that long because my order was behind a long line. As for the omelet itself: I couldn't in my mind justify paying as much as I did when I could have made a comparable omelet myself for a fraction of the cost. Overall, I can only recommend Stella's for dinner dates because it has an atmosphere that is conducive to that, but there are better places to go in Collegetown otherwise. While Collegetown restaurants in general grossly inflate their prices, Stella's does it the most, and I'm still feeling sore about the lousy service I got the last time I was there.
I like the cafe much better than the restaurant.  They have a very european feel.  Their drinks can be a bit pricey (as everything in collegetown is) but they are fabulous.  You can also order soup/salad/sandwiches in the cafe and I think the atmosphere is nicer here than in the restaurant.
Great place for brunch or lunch-- the egg sandwich on a baguette is my favorite.
Drink selection is good.  But food selection for dinner is quite small and not that tasty.
good coffee and snacks, great reading and working atmosphere! i'm usually a library-kinda-girl, but finished two entire seminar papers here!
This place is absolutely fantastic for coffee and breakfast/lunch-y type things. Their drinks are creative, and even though they're higher end, you're paying functionally the same thing as you would at Starbucks across the street. The atmosphere is great, there's free wifi, and the location is perfect. Probably my favorite place for high-end coffee in Ithaca.
This place is a Collegetown mainstay, but the popularity is due to location, not exactly because it is mind-blowing. The coffee is good, but the food varies from okay to excellent. The burgers here are pretty good, so those are definitely a safe choice
Went there for dinner and did not like the small portions for a so called "large" plate for the price and quality of the food. I would never come here again because once was enough. There's so many great restaurants nearby that I'd much rather go to.
Really the only independent coffeehouse in Ithaca's Collegetown now, Stella's lives up to the role pretty well. The coffee is good, the baristas friendly and knowledgeable, the atmosphere wonderful for an academic environment - I love the dark, wood-paneled walls. If only it were twice the size and wasn't sometimes overwhelmed by undergraduates as all businesses in Collegetown sometimes are, it could be Cornell's version of the Hungarian Pastry Shop, the intellectual coffee-and-pastry haunt near Columbia in NYC. NB: Despite having the same name and being jointly managed, this is really a separate establishment from the restaurant next door, and shouldn't be judged based on the latter's shortcomings at all - many reviewers here seem to be confusing the two.
Today I ordered the farmers omelette. It was the worst omelette I've ever had!  Two eggs with a couple pieces of raw onion and tomato with five pieces of lettuce for $12. Put more stuff in them please, I'm still hungry.
Over priced for food quality and service, not a fan of their coffee either. On the plus side it was one of the cleaner places to eat in college town. Went there at night a time or two, it was more of a wine drinking crowd. Not your typical college town dive. I found the breakfast menu pretentious, this is college town restaurant, not a French bistro. They seemed to act more upscale than they really are. It was like here is our menu full of fancy stuff, but the cook needs to go on utube to learn how to prepare the food. And your waitress is distracted talking to friends, covering to many tables and all around not providing you with the level of service you expect from a place with fancy high priced items on the menu. Updated, had coffee sold outside there 5/14. An employee was very rude shouting in my ear when I was pouring  cream and sugar in. Just dropped rating down to 2 stars. Again, a little more tude there than quality.
I really like this place in that it kind of embodies exactly what Ithaca is about: hipster coffee and tea. Haha just kidding, but it's an awesome place to study while you're drinking some coffee or tea. Also, if you sit next to the window you can do some fun people stalking while staring at all the busy happenings in collegetown. Their baristas are really chill and if you get to know them really well are the type to give you stuff "on the house" if they're having a good day. The nice thing about the place is that the coffee and tea selection is crazy. I literally stared at the menu for like an hour the first time I was there. The brunch food is awesome too. The only reason I'm giving it four stars is that it's freaking expensive and the portions are tiny.
I love the cafe side of Stella's. They make fabulous espresso drinks, their staff is friendly, and they have an excellent selection of teas. It takes a very long time to get a coffee made though, which complicates things when one is late for class. The ambiance is really nice and is a great place to meet up with a friend for a chat.  It's a little too dark to read though.  As for the restaurant side, I really like going there for the interesting cocktails and good wine. The food is horribly inconsistent, but particularly for breakfast, it's a decent option.
Pros: Creative drinks, cozy space, delicious hot apple cider. Cons: Slow and disorganized service, prices are way too expensive for what you get.
Considering this is perhaps considered one of the better restaurants near a college, it may be perceived as good.. I haven't tried other restaurants but in comparison to restaurants from NYC, the food is mediocre. The French fries and the apple salad were actually pretty good. DO NOT waste your money on the wild mushroom risotto. It's very bland with 6 mushrooms...
This is quickly turning into my favorite spot in all of Ithaca. I pass by it every day on my way to and from campus but only started eating here this semester. Like a lot of people, I thought that Stella's was a formal full-service dining establishment -- which it is, on the other side. If you take the door on the left (away from the white Eames chairs), Stella's is an atmospheric wood-paneled cafe with a great food menu and even better list of coffee drinks. I can't believe this place is literally across the street from Starbucks, charges the same prices, but has far superior drinks. (I recommend the Oregon Mocha.) The espresso is better than anything Gimme Coffee has to offer. Their omelet entrees are also fantastic and come in huge portions. The omelet is large and fat and comes with a helping of home fries (sometimes garlic, sometimes not) and four triangles of toast. You can grab some jam and butter on the ledge across from the register. I've come to linger here since I have entire mornings off from class, and usually it makes my day. The cafe opens at 7 AM (morning people, rejoice), but the kitchen doesn't start until 8 AM. All the more reason to grab the table by the window and hang out for a while.
The two or three hours I spent at Stella's changed my life.  (Yes, I'm serious.) Oh, and the coffee and the food here are pretty damn good, too.  After an hour or so touring one of the colleges at Cornell, I wandered down to get some breakfast.  I ended up at Stella's.  The coffee was fine.  The oatmeal brulee was stunningly good.  As in, I've taken it upon myself to learn how to make it, it was that good. The baristas were friendly, the atmosphere lovely.  Perhaps I'm biased due to some events that transpired whilst there (funny how a little research done at a coffeehouse can change one's life course), but this is one of my favourite coffeehouses.  Ever.
Stella's is unique in that there are two separate dining areas under one roof. You have the casual coffee shop on the left and the trendier restaurant on the right. I am a big fan of the coffee concoctions at the cafe. Lattes with vanilla and lavender? Yes please! The restaurant always serves interesting and yummy dishes, often incorporating fresh local ingredients from around Ithaca. The ever changing menu means there are new options every time you visit Stella's which is one of my favorite things about this place.
This is the best place to get coffee in Ithaca. The drinks are inventive and the coffee is good, the atmosphere is interesting and relaxing, the music is always good, the staff are friendly, and their hours are MUCH better than those at Gimme (people WANT coffee at night, dammit!).
One of my favorite Ithaca spots to eat no matter what meal. Their food is fresh and locally sourced and the menu has a ton of vegetarian options. I've never had a bad meal here. Brunch is one of my favorite times to go. The grapefruit is incredible and is great to share with a friend. The coffee drinks are so unique but not overly sweet and they are made with homemade syrups. Yum!
Went there to have the Salmon burger for lunch and left satisfied. Pickles are one of the things I have the most hatred for in the entire world and some of my sweet potato fries got pickle juice on it souring my taste buds midway which was disappointing. I do recommend opting for the sweet potato fries as they were fresh, salty and delicious. I also ordered their mint iced tea that was very refreshing as I waited for my food to come. One of the better places in Ithaca by far.
Can't remember how many times I've been here. I usually went here with my roommate to study. er... drink coffee, and study. and enjoy the good music (it's always good!). fine, we did get some assignments done. but yes, the coffee was good! and the Italian sodas.. we would also go to the bar downstairs sometimes. the interiors are really cool, and the cocktails my friends and I tried were really good. well, the 5 stars also for the great experience I always had here.
Haven't tried the food, only been in here for drinks. The atmosphere is nice and the drinks are strong (though a little pricey). It's a great place to meet up with friends.
The only restaurant in Ithaca that could stand to compete with Moosewood. Sweet potato fries, burger, and iced coffee - the best Friday night dinner anyone could ever ask for! I wish I lived closer to Collegetown so I could get coffee here every day
Quick and easy: I love the cafe because it's so convenient. And delicious half-off burgers cooked the way you like it? Um, LOVE it. Been there four or so times for burgers now, and I've never had it undercooked or overcooked, although one of my friends had it a little too rare for his taste. Overall, though, the food is good, fresh, and flavorful. And the (non-alcoholic) drinks aren't too bad either. When they run out of a certain flavor or juice, they are pretty good at substituting it with something just as delicious. The absence of table-waiting service is actually really nice, because you feel like you can eat at your own pace and just bus the tables once you're done. If you want something fancier, then go next door to Stella's Bar and Restaurant. Both places have the DELICIOUS spicy crab bisque. I highly recommend it. Sometimes seating is crowded or difficult, especially with larger parties, so I say go earlier rather than later. Probably my only complaint.
Love it. I hadn't been here since my college days, but wow, did they spruce up this place. It is now a no-smoking establishment (I used to not be able to breathe through the cloak of smoke, especially with the little ventilation the place allows. Plus it had dirty walls, yuck).They've put in new tables and gotten rid of the ripped up seat cushions too. The new set up (which apparently happened last year sometime) makes the place look a lot more lit (though still pretty dim for reading), open, and friendly. Go Stella's! Job very well done! As always though, excellent coffee (I'm with Alicia in that this place has rich coffee without the Starbucks or sometimes Gimme acidic burn) and love love their latte selections - such fun names too! Their food has been pretty good so far... baked stuff doesn't look like much, but all their food is locally grown (and all organic too, I think) and the menu is pretty varied. Never get bored for lack of stuff here. Today's pick was the steel cut oatmeal brulee with dried blueberries - YUM! Highly recommended. And the service is as nice as ever.  But not an everyday stop since yes, $$$.   FYI, they've got 15 mins of free wi-fi every hour, but it only cost $1/day to not get kicked off every 15 mins. Not bad at all.
These might just be the best pancakes in Ithaca. (If you know of better pancakes, please message me). $5 for a regular-sized one (about 6" in diameter); $8 for the jumbo-size. You can add $1 for local maple syrup, $1 for blueberries/bananas, or $2 for chocolate chips (which I don't understand--are they Scharffen Berger chocolate chips?!) Definitely not a wallet-friendly option. Minus one star. The coffee was decent, and when there are seats, the ambiance is relaxed and upscale--like a hipster-less version of Starbucks. Unfortunately, the yogurt+granola parfait was borderline inedible. The yogurt was overly sweet in the aspartame/artifical sweetener way, and the granola was overly sweet in the usual added-sugar way. My head hurt after I ate it (I was trained not to waste food), and despite being one of the cheapest things on the menu ($6), I rather splurge and go for the pancakes.
Some of the food here is spot on: the Stella burger and pork belly in particular. Some of the other food is of the sustainable and local but markedly overpriced variety. The Watermark is an excellent cocktail, but the others can be hit or miss. The martinis (gin) don't hold a candle to the ones at the Statler bar. Normally, I don't give a crap about the service, but the service (one bartender specifically) is unnecessarily surly. It also seems to take an eternity for drinks to arrive.
Stella's Cafe is a decent venue for a nice meal over a group study session. Grab a table early, this place fills up fast, and the customers tend to "over-camp" their stays. Same menu as the attached Stella's next door, minus the service.
The half off burger deal from 4-6pm on weekdays has been replaced by half off burgers on Mondays. In my opinion this lowers them a star as the half off burgers were the only reason why someone who doesn't like coffee would come here.
I've eaten here a few times. I've had the seared tuna sandwich, which they don't offer anymore, healthy salmon wrap with sweet potato fries, and goat cheese omelet. The portions were usually large, but the prices can be high. The flavor of the food is half-decent. The sweet potato fries could have used some crisp like Maxie's. The fish usually was cooked averagely. Again, it'd pass but not that amazing. I don't trust the kitchen after my boyfriend ordered a burger to go, and they gave him burnt patty. It was basically half-charcoal. He almost had a hard time getting another burger. That was lame. Stella's always advertises their grass fed burgers and charges a good amount of $ for them. The patty was clearly inedible, and the kitchen should have never sent it out. More mishaps: be wary of some of the baked goods they have out at the counter. They can sit out there for a long time. We bought a bagel once that was solid as a rock.
Literally my favorite restaurant in Collegetown. It's so comfortable and relaxed and the food is delicious! Even the drinks have an extra surprise that makes me want to come back more and more. If you're looking for a good eat, a great place to relax and study, read, watch a movie, or just talk...Stella's is the place for you!
I totally enjoy their coffee!! It's a European style coffee house and their pastries are delicious!!!! Good place to go to for lunch. Huge fan of the Tiramisu and Red Velvet Cake desserts!!!!
Stella's used to be great, but I used to go for their delicious half-off burgers. Unfortunately, their burger menu has recently been cut down to a boring selection of 4 choices that are all pretty similar.. I'm always prepared for a long wait there because the service is terrible. The waitresses are snooty hipsters. They also card like crazy, and have even rejected my friend's card which was real. She was 23!
