I automatically loved it once I heard the name because foxes are awesome (so much so that I have one tattooed to my body). The place is huge. There is the main area then an upstairs and then outdoors! Everywhere you looked, there was a screen for your sports viewing pleasure. However, the ones outside were sparse and sadly, the sun caused a terrible glare. There are plenty of cocktails and beers on tap to choose from. The staff is amazing. They're friendly and nice. One complimented me on my hair randomly. Our waitress and our table had a good laugh because I almost attacked her when she took my dessert away (there was a small piece left that I was saving for my date). There is a bathroom attendant so remember to bring your tip money. I had a few cocktails and drinks, which were all amazing. Sadly, I was full so all I had was the chocolate lava cake, which was really good (not the best I had but still hit the spot). The group got a few appetizers and said they were all good except the chips (in the guac & salsa order) were a little stale. Otherwise, definitely a good pub / bar to hit up if you're in the area (and there are so many to choose from)!
I have had multiple occasions with this bar where I felt the bouncers have discriminated against their customers. I have eaten there several times during the day, and everything was fine, but on the weekends, if the bouncers do not like the way you are dressed or just don't like you for no apparent reason, they will treat you like crap and not let you in. This has forced me to go to other bars. My friends and I were nothing but respectful to the bouncers and staff, but were treated disrespectfully and felt discriminated. I WILL NOT GO BACK.
Stopped in here on a Monday for dinner.  It was busy for so early in the week!  They have a pretty cool setup, old school pub type environment.  We were seated in an area that appears to also serve as a stage, so I'm assuming they have live music on the weekends. There was a good cocktail menu, good beer list as well.  I got the Bronx Pale Ale which was a pretty good brew that I had never had before.  Fish tacos for my meal.  They were deconstructed so I had to actually put them together which was annoying.  I understand what they were going for with that, but I was hungry and didn't want to do all that work to get that food in my mouth!  They were pretty good but did not stand out. We spent over $100 as a group and apparently you can get a $50 gift card by spending that much on Monday, but we weren't offered it and didn't realize that we were eligible for that until we had already left.   All in all, pretty decent place in the thick of a ton of other places.
Meh, which yelp uses to describe the two star rating I'd give this place is pretty accurate. Nothing is bad. The service is fine. The place is clean enough. But, yeah, the food is nothing to write home about. Some things that sound interesting on the menu (Korean chicken tacos) end up being, well, meh. (Friday's has a decent enough take on them for godsakes.)  And the burgers and other standards aren't a lot better. The desert I had was a rather flavorless chocolate cake. The menu is broader and maybe a little more dairing. Come here to drink and eat somewhere else.
Absolutely love brazen in the late summer and fall. They have a fabulous patio, though not the best service :/ I recommend going to the bar for drinks. In my opinion the just try items are the pear goat cheese salad and the shipyard pumpkin beer with the cinnamon sugar rim! One of my favorite parts of fall for sure!!!
Overall pretty pleased with this place.  A bit pricey for the food but overall pretty good and I'd go there again.
Great food. Server made a mistake but fixed it fast. Passion fruit mimosas are so good!
I stopped in with some friends after work for drinks and the service was excellent.   The staff was pleasant and the bartenders were knowledgeable. One bartender,  Silvio,  was very attentive and polite to me and my friends.   He knew how to handle a crowd and went above and beyond. The drink and food menu both offered a nice variety. Overall, good for happy hour, brunch, or a late night out.
Service was pleasant but got 2 orders wrong and there were only 4 of us. We didn't get acknowledged right when we walked in either I had to ask to be seated and the hostess was on a personal call.
The service was great. Everything came out in a timely manner and they were very friendly. The food was average. I had the Cuban and it was good but nothing great. Drinks were very well priced.
My favorite spot to get Sangria! I love their blood orange sangria. Food is always delicious. Great salads and burgers!
Any place that serves free wings during aired games is the place to be.  Came here for a shared brunch and watched the whole game with hubbs.  They offer beer specials and free wings during the entire airings of the games.  This means that plates of six wings are brought out regularly and given to anyone who wants and is ready for more. The bartenders are friendly and staff is energetic.  The whole feel of the place is casual and unpretentious.  I love coming out the White Plains to hang here.  The parking lot is in the back and there are entrances on the main street side and from the parking lot (just be sure to put enough money in the meter because the traffic jerks are scavengers). This is a great place to have after work drinks, to have a family dinner and to watch the game with your friends.  Nice spot.
Great place to just hang out with friends! They have great music, great food, and great drinks. Their chopped cob salad is so good! It's a little noisy so leave the kids at home.
Came here to watch the USA game v Portugal. Our nacho's came out after an hour and it tasted like dog food. Next.
Great happy hour specials. Food is great and staff is friendly. Good crowd and never any issues. Clean
Went here for Happy Hour w the ladies one Friday night.  Granted we were hella late bc of friends taking their time so we only had 20-30 mins to order as much as we could until 8pm.  I stayed w my girl to park the car while two ladies went in to order.  At the bar the bartender was a complete tard and told my friends some BS lies about the happy hour menu-- saying some items were only on Wed night and that we could only order one round of drinks bc the bar computer clock was fast.... Yeah.... basically the management puts the clocks ahead so the patrons get cut short of happy hour. AWESOME A-HOLES. We were able to get one martini each and then went to a table bc we were all starving.  We ordered the app sampler which, oh looky here.. is for happy hour ALL WEEK!! It was plastered on every menu! Not just Wednesday you lying sack of crap! Way to put me in a pissy mood. The second drink I ordered was completely juice, no prosecco or vodka like it stated and if so, it was prob half a shot.  Thankfully my girl brought a flask to make it a REAL drink. Apps were okay, typical and applebees quality.  But the hassle and bullcrap lines we were fed... I'm so NOT coming back here.
This place is my favorite bar in White Plains 90% of the time. On a regular night, at any time of day - lunch, dinner, or late night - you can stop in at Brazen Fox for some pretty high quality bar food and an actually impressive draught beer selection. The bar food consists of the usual wings, mozz sticks, calamari (not great, just deep fried rings similar to supermarket quality) etc. with some out-of-right-field options like fried brussel sprouts (delicious) and edamame. If you come for an early meal, there is a more extensive menu; I've given the burger and the watermelon and feta salad shots, both of which were quite good, and I'd definitely interested in trying more when I get a shot. The bar food is also served late: 2 am late. That's better than the vast majority of bars in Manhattan (something that always annoyed me), so it's definitely great drunk food on a night out. The staff is pretty professional, but not fake. I've had a bartender tell me one of the news beers on draft was the worst thing ever - something I've never heard from a bartender before. I had to give it a taste (he was right), but that's the kind of personal touch I like at places. The venue itself is big and traditionally decorated, and the back area is an open space that's great on nice nights. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the 10% of the time I hate this bar: packed Friday and Saturday nights during the summer. The crowd, normally varied but pretty laid back and cool, turns into the douchiest collection of people in the area. It may just be the concentration of douchey people, or that many little things add up, but this place is the worst when it reaches a certain capacity. If you're getting that vibe when you walk in, I suggest you leave immediately - you won't be able to walk around, let alone drink, and definitely won't enjoy the company. On any other night though, this is the place to be.
Good spot for happy hour especially in the summer! Their martinis, cocktails & glasses of wine are $5 til 7 (beers are $4). They have a wide variety of martinis too and I think they're all really good, I had a Key Lime Pie martini, an Espresso martini and their Moonstruck martini. All awesome drinks. The food is pretty legit for a bar, good sandwiches and good salads. They always have some seasonal specials too. I love the outside areas they have. Last time I was there I sat out front and this past time, I sat out in the back where they had tables setup and an outside bar, as well. The place itself is huge. It wasn't too crowded for a Thursday happy hour, which was fine with me. I have however, seen it get packed on a Saturday night though. My only issue with this place and it isn't their fault at all, is parking in White Plains. I found a spot in the back lot, but you can only park for 3 hours at a time...my boyfriend however, drove around for awhile looking for a space.
Beer selection is pretty decent. Outside drink service was great; when we sat inside to have dinner the service started out fine but ended terribly. After flagging two busboys to get the waitress we hadn't seen in 15 minutes some doofus who I assumed to be the manager said she was busy making desserts. Really? for the past 15 minutes? and it was a lie because she had walked around multiple times, just not near us.  It wasn't even that busy.  Its also annoying when you ask the waitress what they recommend and they say the most expensive thing on the menu. For whatever reason I had the chicken meatball bahn-mi. It was mediocre, I can't fault them or  bring their rating down on it because I was buying a korean sandwich from an american bar and broke one of my own rules. Girlfriend and her friend had standard food and were satisfied but not blown away.
We had dinner there tonight and the food and service was great!!! The one thing that killed it was when the hostess stood in front of out table and used the mirror behind us to fix her hair like we weren't there. We were eating our dinner and here she is fluffing up her hair. A little gross!!!
Best Happy Hour in White Plains. Drink specials: $5 wine & martinis. Also an appetizer sampler for $15 with a variety if options that comes in large portions...enough to feed 4 atleast. In the summer they open the back bar which is amazing. I reccomend to stop by for happy hour!  5-8pm M-F.
A  day  late  in  writing ths  Brazen Fox I  really liked.  Ate outside for the  first time. Weather was  great. service  was  slow I would have not   minded but the person I was with had to  get back to  jury duty.  We  finally got  served , no pun  attended LOL I ha the  goat  cheese and pear salad   dressing on  the  side   I have to  watch  my  figure. LOL  The  salad was  so   good     I would  definelty  go  back  and  remember no meal is  complete without  dessert
I went here while on a business trip because it was the only place that had a decent crowd on the weekday night I was in town, so I figured it must be good. The beer selection is pretty good but the food is average. I had the Asian dumplings and the Korean BBQ Tacos. The dumplings were clearly not home made and were simply a frozen product that they heated up back in the kitchen for a few mins. The Korean BBQ tacos were far too spicy (and I like spicy!) and the chicken was very dry.
Brunch - surprisingly awesome. Great flavors and complimentary mimosa ! Highly recommended.
That was a really good cheeseburger Nice glass of angry orchard now i am a fan of the place......next time I'll have a seat outside great bartenders there as well.
This is a review of my experiences at Brazen Fox for brunch over two days. The first was on a Saturday. We were seated very quickly and ordered shortly after. After around an hour the waitress came to apologize and explained that there was a mix up and our food should be out shortly (though we ordered fruit which should have been offered to be served). We were offered a free drink each. It was another 30-40 minutes before our food arrived. Mine was cold. My Boyfriend's was warm and he said, good. Things happen I suppose and we left. The next day was Mother's day and my mother it just so happened, wanted to go to Brazen because they do so much for the March of Dimes. Well this was another fiasco. Food: My brother's and father's food came out quickly and they loved it. My mother's food was the wrong item and was exchanged, so she waited a half an hour and then her's came out. My first poached eggs were hard boiled. My second weren't much better but at that point I just wanted to eat. Mine was also missing the sauce the second time around and was delivered cold and congealed. We were offered two free drinks, one free dessert and one free coffee in exchange for a pretty crappy mother's day brunch. Waiter: This guy was very friendly but definitely drunk. He even downed the drink that I sipped on (it was the incorrect drink). He was kind of disheveled and... well... for a drunk guy he tried hard and did alright. I mean, dude was sloshed. But because he was so entertaining to watch all the food mistakes weren't as bad as they could have been. I'll probably return to Brazen Fox to get drunk on a Friday night but will probably not return to eat.
We stopped in for happy hour while we were in town for a moot court competition and were pleasantly surprised by the variety of drinks available on the reduced price menu. I started off with a margarita on the rocks ($5) which was small and sweet and later tried the lychee martini ($5) which packed a little bit more of a punch.  For food, the chipotle chicken wrap was so-so.  There was little spice to be found, leaving the whole wrap a little bland, but still edible. The service was a bit hard to flag down, but then again, they were quite busy on a Thursday night.  Seemed like a popular date spot, but I can't say that the food was worth returning for.
Really liked the steakhouse burger here. It was short on fixin's but overall quality was great. I appreciate the fact that there was more burger than bun. Can't comment on anything else since I came for a late lunch and didn't require much as far as drinks or service.
Brazen Fox is my go to place when in White Plains.  Their happy hour is definitely the best on the Mamaroneck strip (4-8 PM) with amazing martinis to choose from.  Some of my faves are the banana creme and moonstruck martinis, so good and only $5. Okay, now on to the best part besides the drinks - FOOD!  I recently had their lobster roll and I literally almost died of happiness because it was so delicious.  Definitely worth all $18 which is pretty standard for a lobster roll. You really can't go wrong with the Brazen Fox.  The drinks are good and strong, the food is delicious and the atmosphere is very nice as well.  When in White Plains, head on over to the Brazen Fox. :)
We were staying in the city and went with the family to eat brunch/lunch.... and we were absolutely disappointed because of the service.  The waiter Paco was a jerk all the way....no smiles on his face, but a stiff angry face and attitude.  Why does he even work as a waiter?  Asked him to repeat the order and he repeated it with a speed and accent that only he could understand.  Messed up the bill by charging a Mimosa that we did not order and then gave us a pie in the sky kind of an answer (someone else in our party was drinking it when he was not supposed to) about why he added it to the bill.    WHAT???? Oh and he also charged 50cents for some buffalo sauce.  Really!!! This is not Switzerland, is it?  Might as well had charged us for ketchup, and salt, and pepper too. Food was average.  Nothing to rave about, but when u get waiters like Paco who bring their attitude, they destroy the whole experience of enjoying food with the family.  Tried to give inputs to the manager Neal and he just wanted to talk about what he wanted to talk about.  He had no interest in listening to the fact that their attitude and customer service sucks. Never going back and don't recommend it either.
Excellent food for a bar and great happy hour specials. I've been here twice and both times there were problems with the check, which took a long time to straighten out primarily bc the server disappeared as soon as he/she dropped the check. While I would recommend this place if you're looking for a bar with good outdoor seating definitely read your check carefully before paying.
Came here for lunch one day with a friend and I thought it was a great place. Bar-type atmosphere, but still very nice at the same time. I had to get the Asian Chicken Meatball Sandwich because it sounded so different... and it ended up being so good. It was chicken meatballs, pickled cucumbers and carrots, and spicy Siracha mayo on a baguette. Add some French fries and a beer? Done. So satisfied. I'd definitely swing by Brazen Fox again when I'm back in White Plains.
The service war poor, the food was cold  and over priced and overall it was not a good experience. The bar tender did adjust our tab so that was nice. I would skip over to The Iron Tomato or Ron Blacks
I don't get the rave reviews of this place. It's ok, but there are LOTS of other places within the same block just like it, some of which do the same thing but much better.  I found the food to be standard-to-substandard, and their tap selection is so-so. I guess it's trying to be sort of a sports bar, but there seriously are an obnoxious number of flatscreens everywhere. It's another "irish pub" catering to the after work crowd, so there's less likely to be baseball caps and hi-fives than at the Black Bear across the street.  Lots of ties and pantsuits here.  The service was pretty 'eh' too.  It ain't cheap, frankly I found it to be pretty expensive given that all I had was a burger of pretty unimpressive quality.
Bar Scene is fun - Brazen Fox is defiantly a place to have a good time.  In the nice weather they open the back deck and serve drinks out there.   Happy hour specials are decent - but when it is not happy hour expect to pay up to $8 for a beer
The newest (as of 3.6.08) entry to the McPub bar scene that is Mammaronek Ave, this bar does a bit more to distance itself from the frat boy/ugg girl scene that the rest of the bars are seemingly aiming for. The bar is set up in an island in the middle of the space, with ample seating around.  Bunch of booths as well as tables.  If you remember how Dooley Mac's (it's predecessor) looked, picture the exact opposite.  I went in the middle of a lazy Sunday afternoon and there was a lot of natural light coming through, as well as an ample-sized mix of old and young for lunch/Sunday drinking. Wasn't all that impressed by the beer selection, although it had more then some of it's 'competitors' across the street.  Food was okay.  I had a bangers and mash, that in the words of Randy Jackson was "Just okay dog.  A little pitchy." So why 4 stars?  Because there was a decent little bar scene happening on a non-football Sunday afternoon.  Bartenders were all lively, hostess/waitresses were all cutie-pies, and a bunch of non-regulars having a good time.  Not sure how this place is going to look or feel on a Thursday night out in White Plains, however as far as random Sunday drinking establishments go, this is definitely one of the better ones.
Great Happy Hour with a wide range of $4 martinis. I started with the sangria which was fine but a little too sweet.  I moved on to the Key Lime Martini which was very good!  The bar menu was typical.  We noshed on curly fries, steamed dumplings and the chicken cilantro egg rolls.  The steamed dumplings were delicious and who can mess up curly fries?  I thought the 'Mexican' egg rolls were okay (I'm not an egg roll person) but my friend loved them, especially dipped in the zesty sauce that came with the fries.  The rolls came with both sour cream and salsa. My friend comes here on a semi regular basis and loves the place.  I can see why.  There's a huge metered parking lot that caters to all the pubs on this row.  We parked right by the back door and walked in ... couldn't be easier.  Great outside seating in both the front and the back.  Would be a fun place to people watch as I hear that this White Plains strip gets pretty lively on Thursdays and weekends.   Service was good.  Crowd was a bit on the older side, which I liked.  Atmosphere is very sports pub-like.  Brazen Fox is a solid go to bar which I will be going back to soon.
For those who know the area you will remember the old Dooley's. You will find Brazen in the old spot.  It was so sad to watch Dooley's leave and many of the old memories go with it.  From the old loves to listening to friends karaokie.   The folks from Brazen must have stripped the place down to it's shell and put this place together. Everything is brand new and spic and span clean. There is the typical good old bar food which is good but even better are the entrees which I recommend that you try.  Try some of the roast specials. The bar staff is always on point. They have some great bartenders who are personable and clean cut which only adds to this place.
Very cool, casual pub on Mamaroneck Ave, where there are plenty of other watering holes to choose from.  The laid back atmosphere is what sells me on Brazen Fox. We didn't eat, so I can't comment on the food but the service at the bar was good.  The bartender was friendly and even had the skills to put a 4 Leaf Clover in the head of my Guinness. Check it out.  Worth pop-in for a few beers.
I am only writing a review for their Sunday brunch. There is nothing I love more than to wake up early on Sunday and go for sunday brunch with my girlfriends. This has been my most recent brunch spot for the past few weeks. You can't beat their brunch menu! Everything on the brunch menu comes with a complimentary mimosa, Bloody mary or champagne. Usually when an establishment offers complimentary drinks, they give you a tiny portion of watered down nothingness. Not at Brazen! I have been ordering the Bloody Mary, it is a perfect size and they make it perfect since I only like a drop of vodka in my BM's and they actually listen! ( when I say drop I literally mean A DROP)   Their food just rocks all together. I've had the shepherd's pie, french onion soup, goat cheese and caramelized pear salad and the All Star burger. All has been great.  I haven't tried their pancakes/waffles yet, but I plan on ordering that next time. When you walk in, the tables are very clean, the service is fast and friendly and although there are many football fans chattering at the bar, it's quiet (sounds off but true.)  They provide an amazing bread basket with the most delicious irish soda bread with raisins, YUMM! Definitely heading back here on sunday for another great brunch!
I have lived in White Plains for years and have gone to the brazen fox many  times but have been there a couple times in the past couple weeks and thinks management needs to address a lot of issues. Went there for happy hour with a group for dinner and drinks.  I ordered a turkey burger and got a regular burger which I mentioned to the waitress who then proceeded to tell me that is not what I ordered when the whole table told her I ordered a turkey burger. I ate the regular burger cause we had waiting long enough for our food. I ordered a martini off the happy list which was awful and so did my friend. We told the waitress and just a beer instead but still left our awful martinis on the check. Went in for football on a Sunday our waitress was no where to be found and when she did come to the table was rude. Then she left and we had a new waiter which she never let us know. I ordered chicken quesidillas which then chicken was gross it was like the cut up left over parts of the chicken. Took us 25 minute to figure out who our server was so we could order more food and drink mean while while the manager stood on the stairs doing nothing not even checking on tables or anything. Then went there for a friend's birthday $14 for a vodka soda come on I don't care if it is in a big glass or not we are in white plains not nyc. The bartenders were not friendly at all. All I am saying is go back to being a place with good service, friendly staff and reasonable prices.
Awesome place for a football game. There are TVs everywhere. The food is great and complimentary wings during the game!. The make their wings with a corn flake coating which makes them crunchy and awesome!  Their tap and bottle selection is outrageous. For all of you Dogfish fans they Have 90 min on tap! Gets very crowded on game day so get bar seats early; once you have real estate your good to go. Very Recommended for game day!
In my quest to slowly transition to suburban life, I find myself needing to find pockets of city living in southern Westchester.  Almost like taking methadone for a heroin addiction.  My recent cravings took me to a familiar, yet long forgotten establishment on Mamaroneck row...  Brazen Fox.  An old co-worker wanted to reminisce, so we agreed to meet for dinner and drinks.  Shamefully, I've never actually eaten at Brazen Fox.  I've only stumbled in as a bar crawl for drinks...  I'm glad we decided to have dinner.   1.  Service was efficient and fairly pleasant.  Mind you, we were seated at the upper levels of the establishment.  Away from the massive crowd below.  I can only wonder how service would've been downstairs. 2.  The burgers we ordered were good.  Order mine medium and the temperature was right. 3.  When friends came by afterwords, they accommodated without hesitation. After the meal, we moved downstairs.  It was pretty chaotic but we still found some standing room space where we could drink in relative comfort. For the food, price and atmosphere I'd say that the place rated 3.5   But, since I'm rating this place for food, I have to rate it a 3.
I love burgers !! I came here around 4 or five and ordered one. The menu says.." its hand made pat la la la"....don't think so !!...i think they gave me a baby burger or something because it was tiny. Plus it was more expensive than the specialty burgers because the bartender rang the avocado and bacon as add ons. So i could have got cheese, onions, bacon for two dollars cheaper but i can't eat cheese. Thanks for bangin me out. The bartenders did seem good at there jobs but I was the only person eating at a full bar and now I know why.
When I lived in Westchester the Brazen Fox was my go to bar.  The Fox has a slightly above college crowd so you will be comfortable if you are 25-40 here.   The decor is tasteful, the bartenders and servers pay attention to you, and the food is decent bar food.  Again, I did qualify the food part with bar food, it certainly isn't amazing but you get exactly what you would expect.   The fox is a solid choice for a night out talking over a few beers.   As a warning, all the bars on this street are crowded on Saturday.
A sports bar in Westchester; how novel. Aside from the typical trimmings: wood paneling, many flat screen tv's, and too loud music, this isn't a bad bar at all. Drinks are average fare - nothing outrageously priced, but no cheap steals, either. Brazen Fox seems to get very crowded and very noisy rather early on in the night, but then it tapers off. The bar is on the main street in White Plains, so many patrons will hop (or crawl) from one bar to the next. Crowd is average, perhaps the cocktails-after-work type. It can get rather noisy in there between the loud stereo system/flat screen duo or when they book live cover (ugh) bands. Like many places in this world, if you go here with good company, you probably won't notice. They also serve food here - the same pub/bar food.
Lunch crowd is always fascinating to watch. You never know who is going to show up here...local or celebrity alike. Typical dining pub fare. Great salads and a place to meet friends for beers on tap.
I received a message from the owner. "Dear Alex, we are sorry to hear that you had a bad experience at the Brazen Fox. We appreciate all of our customer comments, but we take issue with the overcrowding you mentioned in your review. We don't allow overcrowding and our staff works closely with the White Plains Fire Department to prevent overcrowding. We oblige all governmental safety rules and regulations and train our staff diligently. Please be assured that we take the safety of our customers seriously" I'm happy to see that the owner takes pride in working with the local public safety personnel, however, that is what ALL owners HAVE to do. Still not impressed. After multiple visits to Brazen, each experience equally as horrible between prices, overcrowding, rudeness of the staff and the lack of good music. The day this establishment changes into a new bar/lounge (inevitable being that Mamaroneck avenue rotates bars quicker then Starbucks's turnover rate).
I recently had lunch with my sis here and we both enjoyed our meal eating it outside on the back patio.  Parking was a little crazy in the municipal lot today.  I recently reported  for another nearby establishment there was ample parking for several restaurants in the immediate area, the Brazen Fox being one of them but today it was crazy with private parties (Communion parties)  but we still lucked out and got a parking space.   I was really impressed with the pear, candied walnut, craisins and goat cheese salad.  It was served with a mix of greens and a nice creamy balsamic dressing.  For $4 more I added grilled chicken and received an abundance of well cooked flavored grilled chicken strips.  I couldn't believe how almost every bite of my salad I was able to get goat cheese which is almost nonexistent in most dishes.  Service was good and our waitress was very cheery.  My sister had the pulled pork wrap with sweet potato fries for $9.00.  She liked her wrap and there were plenty of crispy fries to share.  Soda or ice tea is $3.00 with free refills.   I will definitely return for lunch or dinner again.
Been here a bunch of times.  The bartenders are reasonably quick to serve and the connection to other next door bars in cool to be able to hop back and forth with drink-in-hand and check out two very different crowds and bars.  These seem to be quite popular year round.  The summer time allows use of a very large patio bar which is great for mingling.
I can't say that the service is horrible, because around the time I was frequenting the Fox, I was also dating one of the managers. I haven't been there in quite a while but when I did, it was a refreshing change from a lot of the standard WP establishments Westchester patrons have become accustomed to over the years. The area is spacious with an Island bar and upstairs seating. Depending on when you go, you can get a very decent meal (I love the mussels in white wine sauce- delicious- and their salads are very good) or get hammered drunk while dancing to a cover band. The bartenders are very friendly and accomodating, so I would suggest sitting at the bar and eating (also a good suggestion if you go on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday night as it gets packed despite how big the place is).
What better way to bring in the warm summer breath of Mother Nature then with an old buddy over a lunch? Not much amirite? That's why on a beautiful Saturday afternoon me an my childhood buddy Franco decided to hit the White Plains strip and grab a sit at one of the outside seating areas of the many bar and grilles in the area. After very little time thinking about it (we were starving), we decided on the popular Brazen Fox. Typical of the many bar and grilles in the area, the Brazen Fox does lunch and dinner in the afternoon/evening and after-hours gives way to the drinking and partying youth (and not so youth) of Westchester and beyond. It's always interesting to see a place like Brazen Fox so quiet after spending so many late nights fighting through the crowd just to grab a drink. This particular afternoon would be an entirely different pace and it served to be a very nice treat. We were seated by a pretty hostess at one of the outside seating areas. A great way to people watch, though White Plains doesn't offer up nearly the same eye candy as NYC, it was still better than sitting in the restaurant staring at the fuzzy TV reception of the Mets game. Our waitress was a sweet young lady who was very eager to help us, always a welcome sign. After a brief review of the menus, I ordered a delicious B.L.T. wrap with sweet potatoes. To wash it down, I ordered my first Sam Adams Summer Ale of the year, which pretty much seals the deal for me that summer is upon us. All in all, it was a great lunch. The food was great and the beer was perfect. My buddy and I shot the shit about the past, present and future. The sun was shining, the streets were a live with the buzz of summer. Good times.
I was at Brazen fox this weekend and they have these new tvs outside, its amazing. Check it out.
I like the set up of this bar/restaurant. The big bar in the middle with the cozy booths around the edge is welcoming. You can sit in a comfy booth and still have good views of the flat screen TVs. I know other folks said the prices were reasonable but I think they are a bit high. Typical $8 hamburger, $6.50 for guiness. The food is  just typical bar food and the lunch menu doesn't have a wide variety. We went on a Friday night once and put our name in for a table. they never called us.... never.... they took our cell phone number because it was so noisy in there, they said they would just call our cell phone when the table was ready. they didn't
I guess this must be a big hang out in White Plains as the crowd on a Friday night was pretty good.  Seemed like mostly mid 20's, early 30's, except for an even older woman sitting at the bar near my group telling me how cute I was.  I think she even pinched my cheek a few times throughout the night...why does this never happen with someone the least bit attractive? Anyway, top 40 music, some outdoor seating, a dance floor inside, and voila, that's all you need for a good night out in the 'burbs.
There's not a whole lot I can say about the Brazen Fox. It's your usual sports pub, pretty typical menu, TVs all over the bar (little annoying since the projection screen right above our heads meant that we constantly had different colored bright lights flashing at us.) My shepherd's pie was pretty good, but it didn't blow me away. My main complaint is with the mojitos. They tasted fantastic, so we ended up drinking two pitchers between the two of us, but jesus are they watered down. After a long island iced tea, five glasses of mojito and three glasses of wine in about 4 hours, I was vaguely buzzed, at best. Nowhere near drunk. (And I don't drink often, so it's not like I have an unusual tolerance)
So I get laid off and my now former coworkers ask to have dinner and drinks in WP to help transition me over to my new life of leisure.  We choose BF as they have outdoor seating and happy hour. The wait for an outside table was a bit long, but the hostess was sweet and never forgot about us.  She may not have had a choice as my outrageous 64 year old friend, Mel, wouldn't stop flirting with her.   The inside is actually quite nice.  The floors are covered in old school tile work that make you think you are at a beautifully restored subway station.   Cocktail menu seemed well fleshed out.  I got a caipirinha (mojito on crack) and it was just OK.  Menu was decent, good entrees and what seemed to be an upscale bar food vibe (an oxymoron?) Prices are fair.  I had the Thai Chicken Linguini.  It was nicely spiced and pretty damned good.   Our server, Eric, was quite the sport, as Mel gets pleasure out of endlessly torturing waitstaff (in a fun goofy way).  You ever have those moments when your father or grandfather strike up conversations with complete strangers, sometimes over questionable content? That's Mel x10!!  Kudos Eric - and the hostess that night, AND another server who got wrapped up in Mel's web of craziness, (but she may also have scored a wedding band...long story) 3.5 stars - all in all, there are worse places to transition into a life of leisure.
I love people-watching and this is a great place to do it. The  Saturday night crowd was a combo of people finishing dinner, groups of men and women standing around staring at each other, but not actually talking to each other, and a few mixed gender groups. "Trolling" is a word L. used to describe some of the behavior we witnessed. "Brazen" is an interesting word and not exactly one I would use to describe this slightly above average bar. I say slightly above average because the staff seems to know how to make a good mixed drink (which is sort of rare at some beer bars). Judging by the plates sailing past me, they seem to serve food pretty late. I'd like to return and try the food since some of it smelled pretty good. One thing that bugged me a bit - the sound system was kind of weird. You could hear the bass part of songs (L. and I spent most of the night playing Name That Bass Line). Eventually someone turned up the volume quite a bit and we were able to make out lyrics and instruments. However, by at that point the music was a little too loud for conversation.
The service was ok, when this place gets busy late night, you will find yourself looking for your server or bartender trying to find out where your order is. Food is decent. Typical Bar Menu. Been there twice and got over charged at the bar. Bottom Line: This place sucks!
Ok, I'll preface this with the fact that I was here on a monday night after work. So, if you're looking to head out on a friday at like 11, your experience will most definitely vary. Decent selection of beers on tap, including Arrogant Bastard, which is a huge plus for me. The selection wasn't humongous, but the choices were good. Bartender was a great guy who was helpful. We were ordering a couple orders of fries and he pointed out it was cheaper to get the sampler platter, plus you'd get more food. He swung by for refills when a beer was empty, but didn't hover. Food was decent. Wings were okay, nothing to write home about. Someone said the popcorn shrimp was good. Calamari was bad. Sides of fries were tasty. No one tried any entrees. The sampler plus a couple sides of fries was decently filling for 3 guys. Prices were okay, maybe a touch on a high side for early in the day, but nothing unexpected. Bar itself was nice looking, very spacious. Not very crowded, but not worriedly empty. Bathrooms were clean. I'd absolutely go back, was a good time.
the place is designed well. It has a 360 degree bar in the center of the main floor. they always play a bunch of the sports games, and a lot of vintage photographs all over the place. As far as the food goes, it's a little over priced, for what you received. I've had some of their meals and they were good but they don't give a lot of food in the appetizers. During the big nights (Sat., Sun.) they get extremely busy and it is almost impossible to move around. the crowd isn't that amazing so you really need to go with a good sized group of friends. the alcohol is well priced, and they have a good selection of beers, but the Lazy Boy Saloon is right across the street and no one in White Plains can match their beer selection. The bartenders are very friendly, and so are the waiters. The bathrooms are clean and large enough to avoid any lines (at least for the guys). Because of the way they set up the live bands, it can get unbearably loud in there. This is really a good place to go if you want to watch a sports game during the week. All in all... It really is a much better place then Elements.
This is a decent bar/restaurant in downtown White Plains. The place is classy and despite its fairly large size, it's very easy to navigate. The Brazen Fox reminds one more of a large pub than a typical bar in Westchester, and that's a good thing. The booths and tables are situated around the bar area, which is large, spacious and packed with televisions that play various sporting events at all times. When I was there, the games of choice were baseball and tennis. Really, Brazen Fox? Tennis? And smack in the middle of the World Cup, too. Shame on you. I went here for lunch during the middle of the week, so I imagine that the Brazen Fox sports a different atmosphere on a Friday or Saturday night. The place was fairly quiet when I was there, but that didn't bother me at all. It really does have a nice, classy atmosphere, from the arrangement of the seating to the ornate iron lamps to the polished wooden bar. I especially loved the vintage photographs that lined the walls, although for some reason they put the awesome photo of Muhammad Ali and the touching portrait of Marilyn Monroe posing on a NYC subway platform near the coat check and bathroom areas in the back of the restaurant, respectively. Why? Nobody knows. Since I'm reviewing the Brazen Fox solely on the basis of the lunch that I had there, I might as well come right out and say that I was very surprised by the quality of the food. I ordered a garden burger from the lunch menu - at $10, fairly reasonable - and it was . . . well, it was probably the worst veggie burger I've ever had in my life. It wasn't undercooked or totally disgusting; rather, it was just a plain old bad burger. I'm not quite sure how to describe what was wrong with it except to say that they seemed to try to combine too many flavors into one burger. The chef seemed to have thrown a lot of vegetables together and called it a day - or a garden burger - but it really wasn't successful at all, and ketchup did nothing to improve it. Fortunately, I'd ordered a side salad so I was able to enjoy something about my meal. One dining companion had ordered the french fries - regular, not sweet potato - as a compliment to her meal and said they were quite good, although another companion had a complaint about the pina colada she'd ordered. Apparently it was way too sweet. Maybe the bar staff and the kitchen staff were a bit off that day. I will say that the waiter service here is very good. Our waitress shuffled between our party, several tables of guys in suits and a birthday extravaganza on the upper level with aplomb. The Brazen Fox also has outdoor seating in both the front and the back of the restaurant, and when we moved to the back patio, the waiter there was more than accommodating in restructuring most of the tables so that the rest of our party, who showed up later, could comfortably join us. The staff is professional, and they also serve up a nice cup of coffee with real, thick cream, not half-and-half. I know, I know: who goes to a bar/restaurant to drink coffee? But if you have a hankering for a cup of coffee, Brazen Fox will come through with flying colors. All in all, this place isn't bad. The food isn't anything to write home about, but I doubt that's why most people go to the Brazen Fox. I'd visit again because it was a terrific place to hang out with a large group of people on a nice afternoon.
This is on the list of my top 3 favorite places to go to in White Plains. It is a nice laid back atmosphere with a great beer selection. They also have fruit infused vodka on occasion. The music is something left to be desired but all in all, it is a very nice bar!
is not my favorite bar in white plains, they should know better that they have a lot of competition these day, this bar have a horrible taste on music,Outside drink service was very slow as well in the inside, or they only care about the people that go more there.
The bartender charged me $14 for a rum and coke. Sketchy.
Get place to hang out and watch the game. Free wings with beer purchase can't be beat.
The Brazen Fox is our family's go to restaurant/bar in White Plains. Their vegetarian selection could use some expanding, but I can order a veggie burger with a variety of flavors and the fries are good and well- seasoned. During the day, the atmosphere is family friendly. I've consistently received great service, whether at night with just my husband, lunch during the day with my family, or ordering takeout with my sister last night. The hostess who took our to-go order was swamped but was friendly and earnest. The only time (and we've been here roughly twenty times) we received poor service and the manager appeared, apologized gracefully and gave us a voucher for a future meal. Other bars like the Lazy Boy have a better beer selection, but I return to The Brazen Fox because of the excellent service and tasty food.
My guy and I were looking for an upbeat place to hang out on a Saturday night so we chose to head out to White Plains. We checked out a few places and agreed on Brazen Fox. While he parked I went in to get a table. Upon entry I waited a few minutes at the entryway but eventually stopped a busser and asked if we were supposed to seat ourselves because there was no hostess to greet the incoming customers. He gave a quick glance around and said no, grabbed two menus and sat me upstairs. My server came over promptly so I was happy. She said hello and asked what I would like to drink. I ordered a glass of Malbec and she walked away. Momentarily she returned and stated she forgot what I said I wanted so I repeated the order. As she walked away I remember thinking that that this young lady had not carded me which could be a problem. Some time passes and I get my glass of wine and peruse the menu. My husband gets to the table and gives his menu a gander as well. We finish looking over the menu and I take a look around  my server has 3 tables of 6, 1 table of 5, 1 table of 4, and 2 tables of 2. Looking at these numbers I don't think I need to tell you how long we waited to order another beverage and our food. The server was really nice but just a little absent for long periods. It's Saturday night and good business sense would be to staff appropriately for the weekend. I am the wife of an Executive chef so I've learned to "eat with my eyes" so when our food arrived I wanted to simply ask for the check and leave. My husband Thai crunch was bland. I'm not sure how that can be messed up but it literally had no flavor. My Baja fish tacos were ok. I had 4 ramekins with different items to dress my tacos up to my liking. If we visit this venue again it will only be for a bar visit other than that no thank you.
Best sports bar in Westchester, especially foodball season with free wings. The food is delicous as well.
This place is crowded but the food at 2am was awesome and the clientele is above average. Most of the people I met here are nice and very good looking. The drink prices seem to keep the lower quality people away which I like.  Bad for dancing, and pretty loud overall but a great atmosphere.  Plus they have an outdoor bar behind the place!
I proposed to my wife here.  No, that's not a joke; I actually did it.  See, we met here, and I wanted to propose on the very first spot we met.  AAwwww.....  right? This is a fun place with a pretty decent menu.  There's a good amount of space (which is great for getting down on one knee), and some ample seating. It's a younger crowd that goes here, but that adds to the vibe.  It's not too rowdy or anything.  There's an energy, but for married guys like me (yay!), it's not too overbearing.
OK. We've already established in my previous reviews that I'm old and that I like to go out on Monday and Tuesday nights. My mate is even older, and his birthday, on a Monday, was the perfect occasion for us to check out The Brazen Fox. (Full disclosure: A friend of ours works here, so we were already biased after listening to her description.) We were seated in a banquette with a nice view of the entire place, and a busboy immediately came over with a breadbasket, and to uncork the tap-water carafe on our table. He poured the glasses and left the carafe. We perused the menu, pleased by both the wide variety of land and sea and styles, and then turned it over for a gander at their beer selection. Hell-o! Dogfish Head 90, on tap? Sold. Their prices are very, very fair. We had something called avocado fritters for appetizers, which is pretty much as close as you can get to eating fried butter in terms of texture, if the butter didn't melt. Anyway. I had the mahi-mahi tacos, which were incredible (they do something with the sour cream that involves lime juice and lemon zest), and Jim had the seafood pasta, which had him swooning. Desert was only so-so, according to the birthday boy, and likely of the frozen, mass-made variety. Overall, though, we had a great time. We like to see a good selection of single-malts available, and the beer selection, as I've mentioned is good. They do a $4 martini and cocktail happy hour, and the pour is generous and spot-on, so go for that and stay for the food. Overall, an excellent experience. Our appetizer, two entrees, two beers, two cocktails, and one desert came out to about $75 not including tip.
Pretty cool hang out spot.  The outdoor area is nice in the spring and fall, but smoking should be prohibited.  The food is actually pretty good, and not just for bar food.  They have a good selection on tap.  Two downsides to this place: god-awful happy hour specials; and failure to distinguish itself from Ron Blacks, which is owned by the same person.  It is OK to own two bars adjacent to each other, but make them both unique.
Brazen Fox, formerly Dooley Mac's, is a brand new Irish Bar/Restaurant in the heart of White Plains. Once I heard Rory Dolans was the owner, I knew this place would be awesome. I have to admit that the second I stepped foot in this brand new bar I was immediately impressed with the detail and beauty of the bar. It is clear that alot of money was spent renovating this place. As for the food, I was not able to check it out as the restaurant has not yet started serving food but if it is anything like Rorys it should be pretty good.  So yelpers I suggest you check this bar because it surely going to be a hotspot in white plains for many years to come.
Awful awful service, bartenders, and food.  I had a happy hour here for 7 folks.  They charged the grey goose and water as double shots 18 bucks and the other drinks were half assed by a bartended guy who wanted to punch himself rather than make drinks.  The guy seriously hated doing his job and didn't pour anything in the mixed drinks.  Waitress was a flake which caused me to go to the bar to get drinks. One app platter that I swear was tossed all in the same time and was brutal. The bill was the kicker, for 7 of us, drinking during HAPPY HOUR, for an hour was 480 bucks.  F this place.  The happy hour I hosted next door we drank twice as long and had twice the people for 170.
Not too sure why this place has such bad reviews.... I came here this afternoon with my friend for a late lunch. There's metered parking right out front which was really convenient. The weather was great so we sat in the front patio on Mamaroneck and had a great view of the passerbys which I loved. We ordered off the weekday lunch menu and prices were very reasonable. (8-15 bucks for  lunch..) I ordered the Turkey & Avocado Club on Ciabatta bread with Sweet Potato Frys for $9.50. YUM!!!!!! The portion was great, but by the time I got to the second half of my sandwich, the bread was a bit soggy. Figured I didn't need the extra carbs (ha) so I just ate the goodies out of it. My friend ordered the veggie sandwich for $8 and loved it as well! We drank water which came in a cute little carafe which makes refilling easy for us and the waiters alike. Once we finished our meals, however, we noticed the table next to us received a free bread basket. We did not... wtf. I did see signs out front advertising football night specials (such as free wings!?!), but the football fanfare isn't  really my scene so I guess I'll be missing out on those wings. I'd definitely come back for lunch though. MMM!
I was here for the first time this Saturday and have to say that the place is amazing. The decor is nice and the staff is very helpful. One bartender in particular was great. I don't remember his name, but he was balding. He was a complete gentleman and very knowledgable of drinks. I stopped by again today for a bite to eat and was not disapointed.  They had a great lobster deal. I have to say that the serivice was great( as well as the lobster)
Its been a while and sure hope they have fixed up their service. Food was ok and cheap drinks. They had a margarita special for $5 not bad and the drinks were not bad either. the service sucked, since the girl bartender only seem to care about her friends at the bar.....The owner should visit the establishment and see whats going on...
Now this is my favorite spot in White Plains, nice and classy, the bouncers do not let any under age kids in which is great, you get a nice older vibe here, some good music and def some cougars that's for sure. The space is beautifully designed for a westchester bar and there's also an outdoor space, its def one of the bigger bars on the white plains strip. The service is usually pretty good when its busy and I love myself a good cougar! Lol
Brazen is one of my top choices to grab a drink in WP. I've eaten lunch there once or twice and dinner once. It was pretty average american cuisine( I didn't expect anything amazing). The bar scene is great at night. Fun crowd, good music and great drinks.
When I first started coming to this place, I thought it was just like every other bar in the area but for some unexplainable reason I just kept coming back. By comparison, the indoor space is quite large and they draw a crowd on weekends. I also like the decor, lots of historic NYC and sports themed pictures on the walls. The service is always solid and the food hasn't let me down yet. I have munched on several different wraps and appetizers and their main dishes look pretty good also. All in all, Brazen Fox is a great place to go for dinner and also pretty fun after hours. By the way, their kitchen is open late every night!
Here's the deal...this place is a Catch-22. The service is HORRIBLE here...but the food is very good. You get seated, server comes over for a drink order....now memorize the menu. When you have the menu memorized, they come to take your food order. That's the last time you'll see your server. It's very strange, because it seems like they're staffed well enough...but they're understaffed; I don't get it. The bartenders are oblivious...slow...and inhospitable. Yet, the place is bumping after 10pm..."from the windows, to the walls". It's probably the best spot on this strip that's not filled with the extras of The Jersey Shore. Overall, the general attitude of this place is "we're the best spot on the strip, and service is secondary...you don't like it, we don't care...don't come".
When you see "Fried Pickles" (plural) on the menu, for $7, you assume you will get fried pickle chips because in order to make the chips, you are required to use MORE than one pickle. Boy, was I wrong. The "Fried Pickles" is nothing more than one pickle, cut into 4 long pieces, fried. This was an absolute ripoff, and a huge disappointment. Aside from that, I actually enjoyed my experience. They have a decent selection of draft beers at moderate prices. The buffalo wings were actually pretty good, and the fish tacos weren't bad either. The service was slow, when this place gets busy around 9-10pm, you will find yourself hunting your server trying to find out where your drinks or food is. Had I not ordered the fried pickles, Brazen Fox would have received a decent review. However, considering how big of a ripoff the pickles were, I will most certainly not be returning to the Brazen Fox anytime soon.
One of the better spots to go on a Friday or Saturday night in White Plains. Brazen is almost always packed after 9pm on those night and usually has some sort of DJ going.  Not really the place for dancing, but the huge circular bar in the middle, a bar upstairs, and one downstairs and I think even another outside, make it fairly easy to get your drink on.  Also has a ton of TV's so good for watching the game, and pretty girls are usual not in short supply here.
Just a short and quick post about the Brazen Fox - The french onion soup was so-so (I have had much better). The all star burger was really good. It was jam packed with bacon, onions and cheddar cheese. The sweet potato fries (which is the new big thing now) were pretty good too. Other than that - Not much more to say.
My friends and I went here at about 10 on a Friday. We're all in our mid 20s and were dressed appropriately. During our first drink the bouncer came over and ordered my friend to take off his Castro hat. My friend asked why and the bouncer just threw out. Ridiculous.
Of all the bars on Mamaroneck Avenue that serve lunch and dinner, this is my favorite! Nice atmosphere. I've been here for Work happy hours and family dinners. The drinks are always good and reasonably priced, as is the food. It's a little dark inside but you can still see the menu and your food. The bar scene after 10 p.m. on Friday and Saturday is great. This place gets packed quickly so if you want to sit at the bar I recommend getting there early.
Great place for Happy Hour or Sunday Lunch. Great food, great crowd! Classy!
Great service, excellant ambiance and prime location.  Went with friends to celebrate a BDay and the staff were phoenomal.  Made the evening extra special and plan to go again often.  Expanded beer selection and tv's throughout were an unexpected bonus.  Check it out you wont be disappointed!
The eggplant roll-ups I ordered as an appetizer were amazing. Lightly breaded and stuffed with 4 cheeses, there were only three pieces as an appetizer size. This appitizer is very sexy! Lobster mac and cheese is popping up on menus everywhere now, I saw a couple having it next to us and had to try it. It was okay, nothing special. The panko crumb topping added crunch but the truffle oil drizzle seemed to add an unnecessary richness that was not needed with all the butter, cheeses and lobster that were a part of this dish. Over all it was a good meal and our waitress was wonderful.
A solid 4 stars. The food is good if you stick to burgers and such, and prices of food and booze are mid-range. Good barmen and ambiance. We watched the Women's World Cup final there and were pleasantly surprised when a free plate of wings came our way.
Good local spot, have been here for happy hour several times, they have a back yard patio space as well. Good bar food. Lively.
Didn't eat much here to be honest, but what I did have was pretty good. The dumplings and wings were pretty good. I ordered the wings well done and the came nice and crunchy just the way I like them. Dumplings were good, no complaints. My only complaint would be that drinks took awhile to get to us, and we were kind of rushed out of our table so they could set up for the crazy rush of meatheads. That being said, the place turns into a meat market at some point. Lots of sexy ladies, but lots of guidos too.
I really enjoyed my experience here. Came on a Friday night to grab a few drinks with my girlfriends. Good music, funny bartender, decent drinks. The bartender even created a specialty shot for us and bought one of our drinks for us. I look forward to going back again soon!
Came here with a friend on a Friday night and the place was packed. The waitress even told us that they are behind in the kitchen and she can not take our orders yet. That should have been a sign from the start. Ordered a passionfruit mojito and it tasted like sugar water. Couldn't taste the passionfruit at all and my friend and I even told the waitress. We ordered the sample and the chicken egg rolls were delicious but the calamari was rubbery and salty, the chicken tenders were dry. My friend ordered salmon and the portion was ridicuously small. We then order another round of drinks, I got the mai tai which was a little better, and my friend got the tropical martini which tasted like fruit juice. I can say that I definitely was not impressed with this place. Drinks were not worth while, the food was ok.
Brazon Foz is the typical sports bar with bar food. Their food may be a tad bit better than the average bar food, but average at best. I've gone a few times and had horrible service and have gone a few times and had great service. The drinks are pretty decent though and the bar tenders try to take care of you, especially if you spend a lot of money. I do agree with some of the comments about over crowding though. I have been there a few times with the place being jammed packed. My friends and I use to go there a lot, but now we have moved over to porter house and elements since I like the food there better.
This is a nice place to hangout after work for happy hour. Especially for Wednesday ladies night. The appetizer and drink deals are pretty sweet for the ladies.. or bring the ladies for the cheap prices!
The selection of food is large here. You thought you went to a bar but you really went to a restaurant with a really big bar area. The menu is more on the gourmet side (as compared to the food across on the other side of M'neck Ave). The ingredients are fresher and whomever prepared the menu put some thought into the food. I don't feel "iffy" about ordering salads here, in fact, they are good salads. If you are looking the wings or other greasy food, go across the street.
Decent food at dinner time, good place to go on a random weeknight to hangout with a nice sized crowd and good food on the late night menu
I have been here many times with my wife.  We both love our usual meals.  I normally get the buffalo chicken wrap and it is excellent.  They have a good beer selection too.  My only reservation is that it can sometime be loud at night, but that comes with the territory I guess.  Finally, they have a back patio that is lovely when weather permitting.
I am a regular at this place and the food is always good for both lunch and dinner.
Love their bar. They have some of the best Sangria around. Great food too!
Got here around 9pm on a Friday night with my boyfriend, his brother, and sister-in law. Really enjoyed the bar until the DJ started playing. He only had one speaker so the sound wasn't distributed very well. Oh well. The drinks were good, the bartenders were attentive and there was plenty of room at the bar so I was happy.  Always helps to be in good company.
This is one of my go to bars in White Plains.  The bar scene is really fun and always has a good crowd.  Dinning here is nothing special but also not horrible.
I haven't eaten here yet, so I can't judge the food. However, I have been here a few times to meet people. It is an EXTREMELY loud place, not with music but background noise, which made talking near impossible. The bar/decor is nice. Good beer selection (though not as good as Lazyboy). This is not a place to chill out and have a drink but a good place to meet up with people for a night of bar hopping.
Brazen Fox is a great bar for Friday and Saturday nights. They always have a good crowd, good music, and the bartenders are friendly and quick with drinks. In terms of actually sitting down and eating a meal, there is something left to be desired. As Jerry mentioned with regard to the pickles, their portions are slim. Delicious - but slim. Immediately after paying my fiance and I headed down the street to get slices of pizza. The food we had was delicious, but there simply wasn't enough for a full meal.
We recently had a retirement party.  The service was excellent.  The staff was extremely professional, anticipating all the needs of our diverse crowd.  The food was high quality and flavorful.
I don't usually write bad reviews, but after getting food poisoning from my chipotle chicken wrap last night, I'm going to post one.  After coming home from dinner, a ten-minute drive, I felt pretty nauseous immediately.  I had a nagging feeling in my stomach all night but decided to try to sleep it off.  When I woke up at 1am from discomfort, I decided to allow myself to "get sick."  I went to sleep worried that I had perhaps contracted a stomach virus because those could be pretty crippling and would prevent me from going to work today.  However, I slept through the night and am fine this morning, eating an apple and a muffin without discomfort.  Thus, I'm going to have to go ahead and throw it out there that I was, in all likelihood, on the receiving end of food poisoning. Brazen Fox is a great bar for a Saturday night when you're hanging out with your friends and want to dance, but I don't think I'd eat there again.  Or, at least, next time I'll be ordering meatless food. Update:  Apparently one of my friends, who also ordered a chicken wrap, experienced the same discomfort last night.  Yikes.
This place is always fun and usually gets packed on sat night with a 20's crowd. You will also see some New York Yankees hanging here at times. The food is awesome and the drinks are strong. It is also an awesome sports bar watch a game especially during football season.
again better than my expectations - the Dali Lama says the key to happiness is to remove expectations
This place used to be great. It has now turned into a joke. The wait staff used to be friendly, pretty girls, they now have a motley crew of guys who look like potheads and act like potheads when they (eventually) come over to take your order. The food is even worse. I have seen a couple of posts about food poisioning and I can add myself to the list of people. Bartenders are snobby and rude. This place should shut down and start over. The reason they make money is because of the grossly overcharged drinks they serve u that are watered down. Go elsewhere with your cash. Unless you enjoy being surrounded by jersey shore wannabes after 11pm on a weekend. Ugh.
I am giving this place 1 star because I've been here a few times and I usually have a 4 to 5 star experience here; so Brazen Fox has at least earned that star. But based on my last experience alone, I'd probably give this place -5 stars. I have to warn others before they put down money to go to this place next year for New Year's Eve. I had my suspicions before putting the money down knowing you don't always get what you pay for. Worst case scenario was realized on 12/31/2012 at Brazen Fox. Paid $75 for NO reason. Yes, you DON'T get what you pay for in this case. Unlike NYC bars where you HAVE to pay for open bar just to get INTO the establishment, you don't have to do that here. The rest of the entire place is still open to everyone else as if it is a regular night. I came in with 6 people who paid $75. They put you in a separate room downstairs.  Mind you nobody is checking anyone coming into/out of this room. They just check your wristband for the drinks. There was only ONE tiny bar down there with everyone crammed up on it for the whole 5hrs. trying to get a drink. 2-3 bartenders serving as fast as they could but just too many people. Took as much as 20-30 minutes to get ONE drink. No exaggeration. Bartenders were very frustrated in a bad mood. I don't blame them. "Open bar" means the most watered down drinks I've had in my life. Full glass of ice and hardly a shot of liquor just splashed in with a remainder of chaser. "Well drinks", nowhere near top shelf. You ask for something, they were pouring something else. I think I managed 3 drinks the whole night. You'd think it was just me, nope. Every random stranger I talked to at the bar area was equally frustrated and we all felt gypped. "appetizers" were again far below expectations, almost all the trays were empty and it was still the beginning of the night. Plenty of people who didn't pay were in there eating too. After 11PM anyone was anywhere, no rules. What did we pay for again? Completely mismanaged 100% Asked around for a manager. He "wasn't around" apparently. Yeah right. I would have gladly paid $100 for open bar in NYC knowing I'd have at least half my money's worth. Upstairs and out back there was plenty more going on, more women out there. Should have just hung out there instead of paying for "open bar". Bought a regular priced drink upstairs with no wait and it was much stronger and well worth the money. One guy we were with started a minor argument (nothing physical) and a bouncer kicked him straight out the back door. I can understand that but then they looked at our whole group and decided to kick us all out for no reason. No explanation, they just wanted us out. (They got their $450 from us already, what do they care?) We just went right back around to the front and walked in the front door again. (lol, real intelligent. next time find bouncers who aren't drunk and flirting with the women) Plenty women, except for the fact they were pretty stuck up and want to reject any guy and grind each other like lesbians, lol. Typical 20s girls who overestimate how hot they are. Rather chill with more mature 30s women who know what they want. Nice place otherwise. BIG space and bartenders are usually nicer on a regular day. That's why I picked this place for NYE thinking it would be a great alternative to NYC. Wrong. Best thing is to come here on a regular night when it's not as crowded and if you do come for an event, NEVER pay for that open bar! Waste of time and money. You'll find me at Brazen Fox only for happy hour, if ever, from now on.
as far as food is concerned, if im in the mood for a good salad i come here..they have a quite extensive salad menu and my favorite is the pear and goat cheese with grilled shrimp..its reallly tasty...as far as mnf, they have free wings at the bar and the wings are actually pretty good....if you find yourself in this place at 1am, its pretty trashy..drunk people everywhere and nowhere to move
the bartender was very nice and attentive. the drinks were very good. the manager was even very nice but the food was horrendous. my salad was actually good but neither of us could eat our main course. I know its new but when people send back a full plate of food you shouldn't still charge them for it. the manager was very nice and bought us a round of drinks but that was the last thing i needed. i was just drinking more on an empty stomach. I think this business will obviously do well and i'm sure they will work out their kinks but thats the experience i had.
Great space, decent menu, tons of drink choices.  However, every time I go, I remind myself I'm never coming back.  The service is TERRIBLE.  Not only are they slow and tend to ignore you, they actually fought me when they brought me the wrong food and I tried to tell them I didn't order it.  Who does that?  I remind myself never to go back, but somehow enjoy the lively atmosphere
Warning, they will overcharge your credit card! Don't pay with a card!
Went here for lunch today the food was disgusting.  Crappy frozen mozzarella stick looked a lot like the Costco frozen brand. Ordered nachos I think a six year old dumping ingredients on to a plate could make better nachos.  Got the Jack Daniels burger was so bad no flavor the burger was under cooked but only half of it I got though half and the other half was almost raw ....I don't even know how that's possible.  Service was slow and inattentive you would think with only three tables it would be a bit better. This was the second time I ate here and the food was just as bad as the first time.  SO BOTTOM LINE DON'T EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET SICK AND EAT CRAPPY FOOD!!!!
The place looks great but the food is not good and really over priced. I ordered fish and chips..2 small filets and a small amount of fries for $11.00...the fish was rubbery. When I told the waiter he said he was sorry. My friend ordered the burger for $8.50. Waiter asked if she wanted cheese or bacon. She said yes to both and then the burger came to $10.50. Told the waiter we weren't happy and that we would never go back. Again he said sorry. Porterhouse right next door is much better and there are so many better places on Mamaroneck Ave that this place will be not be able to recoup the cost of all their big screen TV's!
Had dinner there yesterday.  The beer selection was decent.  The food was pretty awful, and the service was weak.  The scene: we are promptly seated outside, then no one comes over to take a drink or food order for 15+mins. I finally have to get up and go tell them that i'd like to order.  The waitress seemed uninterested and unconcerned.  Once she took our order, we never saw her again.  The food comes, and it is not good. Salads (Thai and some apple thing) are tasteless and poorly constructed.  No flavor, and the ingredients do not look especially fresh (except for the grilled chicken, thank goodness). Sweet potato french fries were good (hard to mess those up).  Fried calamari was awful. Tasted like fried rubber bands. Exremely chewy and tough.  Essentially inedible.  The bill came to $100.  It wasn't worth more than the $7 pints of Blue Moon that I bought.  Will never eat there again, unless I just want a beer and some fries.
