checked this place out for for the first time during a Rugby Drink up. I didn't get a chance to really to see how things were during the night but on a nice afternoon the crowd was pleasant. The bar area itself is very open and there is plenty of seating at the bar  and also around the perimeter. there is plenty of parking available in the municipal lot in the back, it is metered parking though. there is a decent menu and the kitchen does have great finger foods that go well with the beer.
Ron Blacks is your slightly above average beer bar. As far as the Mamaroneck Avenue strip in White Plains is concerned, it's the best of the bunch overall (Lazy Boy has taken a nose dive), but I would say from food to service, it's a strong 3-star establishment. The beer selection is what puts it ahead of it's competition. They carry a lot of Captain Lawrence and a good amount of seasonal beers year round. The food is typical bar food - if I was going to suggest anything, I'd go nachos (chicken) or the Thai chicken wrap/salad. The other plus - tater tots as a side option! It gets slightly less crowded then it's sister restaurant, Brazen Fox - and the patrons are more beer drinkers and less fist pumpers.
I went last night for the first time when I hosted a work happy hour here and the managers were very accommodating and extremely friendly. They treated my company and me excellent,  especially the owner Breda and the manager (I think Jose)-they really went out of their way to take care of us. I'd definitely go back.  It's a great location too- nice atmosphere, very open. I'd bring colleagues back or go back socially for sure. The waitress was a little lacking- brought out the wrong shots (twice) and forgot to bring half of a round. We were going to order another round of beers and she just forgot to come back.
Food just doesn't measure up.
So disappointed - ordered a pear pizza, got tomato instead - waitress is too busy eating her own snack will settle, but this is boring and tasteless
Great traditional Western European (UK, Ireland, etc) style bar. Beer selection is great with a slew of local, and of state crafts as well as a few imports of the usual imports.  And the food options are plentiful and tasty. While the noise levels can be a bit much, the space is huge with plenty of good places to lounge (they also have a deck, not as elaborate as Brazen Fox' new outside bar, but a nice hangout spot) and enjoy good company, food and drinks.
Ron Blacks' Tuesday trivia night is the perfect way to reward yourself for getting through the first two days of the work (or school) week.  There really is no better way to spend an evening than throwing back a few beers (or beer cocktails, if that is more your thing), noshing on some appies, and delving into the abscesses of your brain for facts that are completely irrelevant to daily living.   The bar is spacious and much less 'dive-y' than most of the other places that I've been to on Mamaroneck, which made for a nice change in scenery. Although it's dimly lit and decorated with wooden panels, Ron Blacks lacks the typical stale-beer reek and sticky hardwood floors of a dive bar.  I really liked the set up of the place as well, with the central bar and large booths lining the perimeter. Social but intimate, just the way I like it. As for food and drink, I ordered a 'French Pumpkin' beer cocktail and truffle fries. I also had some of my friend's chicken nachos. The French Pumpkin cocktail was soooo delicious. It was literally like drinking liquid pumpkin pie with a hint of bubbly. Perfect for the fall and perfect as dessert for those with a post-meal sweet tooth like me. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Unfortunately, the truffle fries were a little too oily for me, and it looked like I had gotten the leftovers of the batch (meaning a lot of potato skin and a lot of tiny pieces in my basket). I get that the fries are homemade, but it was really difficult to enjoy potato skin and remnants, no matter how great the flavors were! The chicken nachos were only just okay. Nothing too memorable. It was served hot, but cooled so quickly that by the time we got around to enjoying it, the cheese had solidified, making it difficult to separate the chips from each other. Solid effort on the food though, I would definitely be open to surveying the rest of their menu. Other than that, our waiter was a complete sweetheart. I can't wait to be back for another trivia night!
The Amish Outlaws played here on 5/1/14 and we had a great time! Great food too. Get the nachos. Stop worrying about calories and enjoy life! Bring your friends in there and you will all have a good time!
OMG this place has the best calamari I have ever tasted....I always turn my nose up at calamari because it usually taste rubbery however Ron Blacks has changed my mind I ended up eating half of my bf's  order...I also had a burger and fries...the burger was delicious...ironically it wasnt heavy at all...I didn't care for the mussels he ordered but since I didn't order them I'm not going to hold it against them... FYI as I've stated before I'm not a beer drinker so I can't vouch for that this review is based off the food only.... Also this place is filled with locals so if you really want to have a good time you may want to go with a group of friends....
I've been to Ron Blacks a few times and it is always fun.  Last night was radio bingo night with the DJ.  They have a great selection of beers on tap.  I haven't tried the food yet but it looks and smells delicious.   Overall, I always enjoy coming to Ron Blacks.  I will update this review the next time I come when I try their food items.  If you're looking for a good night spot with good beer then I highly recommend Ron Blacks.
I have only had drinks here (twice) and will go back every time I am in White Plains. Great selection, great atmosphere, and friendly service.
I recently went back to Ron Blacks after not being there for a while. They did a great remodel, opening the space and moving the bar to the center of the restaurant.   This is also the first time I had food there. The burgers and wings were great and the waitress was very attentive to our group of 10. I'm even more excited to go here than I was before. It's still a great relaxing vibe and a fun place to grab drinks and food with friends.
Stupid bar with stupid dress codes about cargo pants. Who the hell denies some one entry for wearing cargo pant! WERE IN AMERICA FOR CHRIST SAKE!!!!
I come here every Tuesday for trivia. I don't eat here but beer selection is always good.
I was quite disappointed after reading all the reviews when we finally came here. It was a nice summer night so my wife and friends went here for some dinner and drinks outside. We ordered a few drinks, but the frozen margarita that was ordered was mostly water, barely any semblence of a margarita in there. S As for the food, the burger looked and tasted like those cheap diner burgers I can get for 5$, but this time I paid $12 bucks, but the garlic fires were pretty good, not enough to salvage the meal though. There was an incident where a large roach attacked a few of the outdoor tables caused some panic, but it did come from outside so I can't really hold that against them. As far as dinner goes, I wouldn't come here for the food or drinks, just beer if anything.
Surprisingly, Ron Blacks is able to stand out from the other somewhat tacky restaurant/bars in White Plains. It does so by having a very good beer selection, a comfortable wide open atmosphere, and a burger that is pretty darn tasty. For me, those are excellent characteristics. I haven't gotten to try Ron Blacks in the warmer months, but the outside pation area looks pretty great.
We ate at Ron Black's on a quiet Wednesday night and the service was some of the best I've had in months.  The server was helpful in guiding our menu choices and my water glass was rarely empty for more than a minute or two before being refilled. The food and drinks were all winners.  The Angry Orchard "Crisp Apple" Cider was pleasant and tart.  The garlic bread was smoothered in melted cheese and the beer pretzels were huge for the price.  The chicken tacos were served with generous sides of fresh tomato salsa and guacamole.  I wish I had sprung for a third instead of pretending to be satisfied with the two. A better bet than Brazen Fox next door over.
Ron Blacks is a newer addition to Mamaroneck Avenue.  If you're not in the mood to go to Lazy Boy, Ron Blacks is your other beer bar option.  The selection isn't as great as Lazy Boy, although they do offer a beer flight similar to what the Peekskill Brewery has - 3 samplings for $10. We came here for brunch - the food is pretty good for brunch fare, reasonably priced and includes a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary.  Pitchers of sangria are reasonably priced as well.  The french fries are delicious!
5 stars for their beer selection - fun array of suds to choose from.  Not as many drafts as Lazy Boy but more than adjacent bars Brazen or Porter. 4 stars for the food.  Good array of upscale bar food (if that's a category) that's presented well and tastes great.  Try the chicken nachos. Bar is well decorated but a bit dark.  Nce service as well, especially at the bar.
The food is delicious but the wait staff leaves much to be desired! The only reason this place gets 4 stars is due to the food and the amazing bouncers who work hard to keep the undesirables out and annoying people in so you can enjoy a late night meal! The security staff there is top notch and do a great job of keeping everyone safe!
Alright!! Finally another beer bar in White Plains! Ron Black's just seemed to pop up out of nowhere a few weeks ago and the owner definitely has the right idea for creating a successful new addition to the other bars on this block. Everything in this place is brand new and very nice! You can still smell the wood finish in the air. Although this won't last for very long, it's very enjoyable...The bar is decorated very tastefully and even has a fireplace. All of the bartenders are very knowledgable and friendly which is a big plus as you can trust them to recommend a great beer to suit your tastes! It definitely seems like a great spot to relax and enjoy some tasty brews! So, the beer selection is very extensive, not quite at the level of Lazy Boy across the street but definitely a step above any other place in the area. Being a beer drinker, I just can't get enough. I am so happy that another bar on Mamaroneck offers this kind of selection! At the time of this review, the bar does not serve food but I spoke with the bartender last night and she told me a full kitchen and restaurant will be opening next door. She wasn't sure of the exact date but said it should be sometime over the next month or two. Bottom Line- Ron Black's is a great bar that does a lot right. It's a welcome addition to the area and I will certainly be back again and again. Hopefully the food's good...I'll update my review when the kitchen opens!
I decided to give this place a try, I am a huge fan a Brazen Fox next door but it was time to change things up. I was very happy with my choice. Ron Blacks has that amazing  pub look and feel you want to experience in a good pub. The space isn't overly crowded with furniture which makes it  a very good space for groups. The beer selection is great. They have a large sample of mostly well known beers but still a few i was unfamiliar with. The menu has so many great choices. All of the apps look delicious. I decided to go with the keg burger with complimented my beer perfectly. It was cooked to my liking and the toppings were fresh. I would definitely put this in my come back list.
I think this is one of my favorite bars on the avenue. They have a great beer selection (do the 40 beer challenge!), awesome trivia on Tuesday nights, and out of this world wings. Its nice to go to a bar on Mamaroneck Ave. that isn't dirty and disgusting (the women's bathroom is even clean!), and that, as an adult you don't feel out of place. Highly recommend Ron Blacks.
I give Ron Blacks 3 stars for food only, beer selection is top notch and poured well.  I've been with friends for drinks plenty of times and it always a good time.  Bar service is good. Ron Blacks recently renovated and really opened the place up, its much roomier than it was when the place first opened.  We wanted to try some food here for a change, so we ordered 4 appetizers, "yuengling shrimp," wings, calamari, and beer pretzels.  Sadly the beer pretzels were the best part.  Not only did these 4 apps come out within 4-5 mins of us ordering them, everything but the pretzels were clearly frozen - hence the speed of service.  The shrimp had no trace of yuengling and were clearly from a large bag kept in a freezer, as was the calamari.  In White Plains, you have to step up your buffalo wing game with The Lazy Boy Saloon being in town.  Ron Blacks served up a mediocre sauce and the wings tasted cheap. Service was good despite my comments on the quickness of the food presentation.  The waiter never let the ladies wine glasses empty, and beers arrived at a normal pace. If you want to grab a few beers in a cool atmosphere, definitely check this place out, just don't rely on it for bar food, go across the street to Lazy Boy.
Comforting ambiance, sports in every corner, good bar food, good service, and a beer selection that would make you want to stay a while. For a sports bar, or a happy hour spot, it really doesn't get any better than this.
*Enh.* I don't feel one way or another about this bar/pub. Pretty much a carbon copy of the Brazen Fox, but I like the smaller space better. The food is bizarrely unwieldy--salad looks like it's reaching for you. But it's yummy. And the tap selection is nice.
Went in last night before meeting up with my class of 83 white plains schoolmates. We had beer and burgers. The burgers were medium rare exactly how we ordered them. We upgraded to truffle fires for $1 more and asked to make sure they were hot. They were hot and yummy. Loud but busy and it was Saturday night so we expected that. We would eat burgers and fries here anytime.
This place is awesome...as long as you sit at the bar. The bar tenders are always friendly and this has become a regular spot for nights we don't feel like cooking or Sunday football games. The food is great for pub food, much fresher than most pubs. Sweet potato fries are a must!
Good bar, reasonable service, a crowd that ranges from the good-looking to the seasoned.   The food is well presented, if standard fare, with a couple interesting twists: especially the chicken and avocado wrap. The beer selection is the second widest in White Plains, and the wine selection, while modest, should satisfy the unpretentious oenophile happy with familiar, less demanding grapes.
So, first night out at Ron Blacks. When you first walk in your greeted by a bouncer (somewhat of a joke for White Plains but whatever). The decor looks wonderful. Gives you an old Irish Pub feel. Lighting isn't too bright or too dark. Staff seems friendly. Food: I purchased their Buffalo wings and French Fries. The wings were way too pricy for the quality. They were just OKAY. I've had better less then a block a way. The portion size of the wings were on par as far as wings go. They seemed overly fried and overly breaded. The French Fries were great except the portion was tiny. Beer: The selection of drinks is pretty much their only saving point. A nice selection on tap. Staff: Friendly, fast, and the bus boys clean up your table the minute you empty a plate. (can be annoying and a blessing at the same time) Rules: Not sure why, but they seem to have this no hat policy on the weekends. Not sure if its to prevent gang attire or if this is some sort of an attempt to create a classy atmosphere. Which by the way is impossible considering by the middle of summer it will be filled with females wearing nearly nothing. All I can think of is its maybe a safety rule set by the owners insurance company to lower their premium. Either way, its ridiculous. About two times I was approached by a bouncer to take off my fedora  which I'd have to say I did not follow the rule or I was going to walk out on a check had the bouncer told me to leave. Live Music: The DJ seemed like a typical crossfader catering towards the preppy crowed whom loves their "pop" and "pop hip-hop". If you want anything other then top 40 might want to head 30 miles south into The City. All and All: I've been to better places. However, I've been to much worst. I'd say Ron Blacks is fairly chill as far as the Mamaroneck bar scene goes.
Favorite place in White Plains, hands down. Come here every week for trivia, and it's a really fun time. Great beer selection, great happy hour specials, friendly staff. Nothing wrong to report here!
Good burgers, Nice place for bar hopping
I recently came back to NY to throw my sister a bachelorette party. When I first started planning, there were several options on what to do and where to have it, but somewhere along my search I remembered that the last time I came home I wound up at Ron Black's and had a good time. So, after calling around a few other establishments in the Mamaroneck Ave area, I called here to get a quote and spoke to Breda. From the beginning, Breda was able to understand what I was looking for and offer up several different options as to what we could do. And for what she was offering, it was by far the best deal I had found. We finally settled on 25 girls in the front area, with a three hour open bar and heavy appetizers. When we got there, Breda greeted us along with Jose and Paco, our maitre d's for the evening ;) From start to finish, Jose and Paco were on point with everything - drinks, food, anything we needed. This wasn't the usual bar food deal either, where apps consist of cold mozzarella sticks, soggy potato skins and wings. Instead, Ron Black's hooked it up -shrimp skewers, sweet potato fries, mini burgers - even Jose's personal recipe of chicken fajitas from Cancun. The setup was great, the food was fabulous, and the service was perfect. They even dealt with all of the antics that comes along with a group of bachelorette party ladies (not to mention the bachelor party going on that infiltrated our party!) It was so nice to be able to enjoy a party and really participate without having to worry about the details, which I am so grateful that Ron Black's took care of for us. My sister kept saying over and over what a wonderful time she was having. We had planned on leaving Ron Black's once the three hour deal was over, but once that time came, we were having too much fun to go anywhere else. If you are ever booking a party in the future in the White Plains area, give Breda a call. I can't recommend it enough.
I absolutely love this bar. Their beer selection is amazing. They have a great program to try every beer in the place. I rarely see Abt 12 on tap anywhere, but Ron's has it. The food is very good as well.
I had always passed by Ron Blacks-until a friend and I finally went in.  Very different from the other bars on the strip, not wall to wall people with good music.  We sat at the bar and ended up staying for the rest of the night.  Great drinks!  I totally recommend the strawberry margarita!  Delicious to the last drop and HUGE!  After drinking the night away, we decided to eat.  They serve food until 3 am which was great!  I ordered waffle fries and they accidentally gave me something else.  After I corrected the waiter, I received my fries (which were delish) AND received a complimentary drink of choice (I chose another strawberry margarita).  Definitely get 5 stars for great customer service!  Nice alternative when the other places get too crowded!
I went to Ron Blacks last night for a little dinner with a Friend. I wanted to check out how they re-did the place. Looked pretty similar, but it's still nice. I didn't go there to drink, but man they have a ton of Beers to select from. The menu right now is very small, and they let you know that when they seat you. Not a ton to choose from right now but a decent enough selection to make you happy. We ordered the Calamari to start- it was great! It came out fast, and the sauce was really good on it. They cooked it just right! I ordered the Burger, Med-Rare with Smoked Mozzarella and Onions. It was pretty good, but pretty rare. It was extremely juicy. I enjoyed it. My friend ordered the Chicken Salad. It came with three sauces to choose from, and the chicken was deep fried. She said it was pretty good though. Overall I enjoyed it. It's a little pricey for a bar/restaurant, but it is in White Plains, so that's expeceted.
Seems like my mobile Yelp is confused. I'm right next to the Brazen Fox but yelp says Ron Blacks is further down Mamaroneck Ave. Anyway, the place (whatever it's location) is okay. Kudos for the wall of beer taps. Downgrade for the bartender who casually informed me that my selection is no longer carried, but didn't bother suggesting an alternative. Wtf?  I've seen better selections elsewhere (although not in WP). Atmosphere is cool. Crowd is okay, but light on the fairer sex.
loved the wings really great.. staff was great!  they had pumpkin pie vodka so i looked up a recipe and the bartender andrea was able to make it... it came out great!
I work in the Westchester area, so I try to check out spots locally during the week with my work friends. A bunch of us took a friend here for her farewell evening, good spot for drinks after work, GOOD bar food, service was good/efficient. I am not a beer drinker, and there's just one beer that I enjoy and they had it, so I as rather excited about that! (hey, it's the little things in life that matter) The crowd was mostly younger (20s) than what I would typically prefer. Overall, a good lively place.
Not bad. Pizza was actually pretty good but had too much blue cheese on it. Wings weren't terrible either, could have been crispier, but we went for their happy hour and only spent $4 for 10 meaty wings. All draft beers are $4 until 7pm M-F, which is pretty badass seeing as I got an overpriced $10 Delirium Tremens for $4. We also got a veggie burger-  the menu said it was "hand made" by some dude but which was clearly out of the freezer and kinda hard around the edges.  The service wasn't great. $4 craft draft beers and wings bring it up to 3 stars.
BEST sweet potato fries in White Plains!!!  They are only $2 during happy hour and they are huge!   Fav beers so far have been Delirium and La Chouffe.
We went here last night (this was awhile ago)  for the first time. It's brand new and run by the same people who own brazen fox. They have got a  nice set up with a super long bar.  The bar was well tended!
Great place to go for a Beer. Wide selection, and the service is tops in WP. All the servers are fantastic; friendly and helpful. The food is pretty good, not the best on this block, but good enough.
Husband and I enjoyed a few pints at this fine establishment.  It's on the main drag of bars, but seems a little less "hipster" and is more low-key.  Not 5-stars because I asked for a cider draft and then a Blue Moon; they were out of both.  Boo.
Ah, the newest addition to the Mamaroneck Ave. bar gauntlet... Owned by the same group that runs The Brazen Fox next door, Ron Blacks has more of a "midtown Irish Pub" feel to it.  They have 40 taps that mostly stay the same (with 2 or 3 seasonals that rotate).  The bar is nice and long with lots of room to sit.  The raised booths around the walls are a nice place to settle in and enjoy a few pints with friends (although the lack of foot rail is a bit of a bummer).  The outdoor bar in the back has HUGE potential for the upcoming summer months.  It boasts the same 40 taps they have inside, as well as the essential liquor and mixers at this decent sized concrete topped bar.   The kitchen has just opened with a limited menu, and I can't really speak to the quality of anything on it, except to say that the wings are bad.  Really bad.  Soggy and with loads of connective tissue.  I hear tell that they are going to open a whole other section next door to the existing space that will serve as another bar and restaurant space.  Rumor has it that the menu will expand dramatically when that happens.   The bartenders are also a huge plus.  Friendly, attentive, and fast.  Also, unlike their counterparts across the street at Lazy Boy, they seem to know their stuff about the beer they are slingin', and are happy to make recommendations.  One of the only knocks I can really level at this place is that on Friday and Saturday nights, they get a DJ in there who spins at an ear-bleedingly loud volume, regardless of how crowded the bar is, making any conversation short of shouting impossible.  I'm hoping that they scrap the DJ, particularly because at all other times, the music is handled off of the bartenders Ipod, which means you can get a funky mix of stuff you don't usually hear in bars.  Also, considering that Brazen Fox already goes the obnoxiously loud DJ route during the weekends, it seems like overkill.   The other slightly annoying thing they do there is make you take your hat off after 10:30 pm, which I don't really understand.  It's a nice bar, but the Bull and Bear it ain't, you know what I mean?  Hope they ease up on that rule.   All in all, a good new addition to the downtown scene.
I went on a Friday during Happy Hour time and ordered a Hoegaarden which ran me $8...I was not impressed.   I understand that no place in WP other than Black Bear has Happy Hour deals but $8 for beer...rediculous.   Also wasn't too pleased that the mute bar back was dressed like a bartender who I spent 10 minutes trying to court to get a beer.   i already felt like a tool for overpaying for beer and now this?!.   whaaaatever.
the service here was really good. i went with a friend on a thursday night while they were having dj bingo (which looks pretty fun) but it was nice out so we sat out front.  the waitress was with us within a few minutes to ask if we were ready for drinks and seemed really knowledgable about the menu and beers.  my friend and i each got a beer flight which was great (see pic). chicken quesadilla appetizer was pretty good, and my spinach & bacon salad was great the goat cheese was so rich and creamy yum. they have a really great selection of small plates/appetizers if your not starving and a good selection of beer on tap. my friend thought her calamari salad was just a bit too spicy for her taste but that sometimes happens. there are a lot of options on mamaroneck ave but this is a step above standard pub fare and the service is really on point.
The service is great, but don't bother going here for breakfast/brunch.  Overpriced, poor quality: The novelty of the black and white pudding is not compensated for by the "orange juice" that's more like Sunny Delight and the eggs that taste like chemicals.
Just went to Ron Blacks for dinner and what a disappointment!!!!  The Blue cheese & bacon dip was below average and not very creative.  Think Blue cheese dressing poured into a bowl w/ a few random bacon bits.  I had the BLT, that came with very very little B & big blobs of goat cheese, and was assembled with no care at all.  My wife's Chick Club was average at best.  The waiter asked 3 times if she wanted regular fries or sweet potato fires and still delivered them wrong.  Typical Mamaroneck Ave establishment: Good beer selection, nice decor and good place to go if you want to drink and hang out but avoid the food!
