Food-Mediocre Service-Decent Management-Rude The Mofongo with pork is good but nothing else. The chips at the beginning tasted old and stale, the waiter admitted they were yesterday's. My diet Pepsi was carbonated brown water. After I was dissatisfied with the salty, shredded pork wrapped in over cooked yuca, the management noticed my discontent and came over and offered to change my dish. After I politely declined, because I seriously lost my appetite at that point, she just exclaimed "up to you!" in a snarky manner--not exactly what I consider hospitable.
I had a great time tonight. We came to celebrate my mom's birthday and the staff did a great job making her feel special. The hostess was very nice and the food and drinks were great.  Overall a great experience.
Shocked by the low reviews---This place is one of kind. I mean when have you ever gone to a restaurant and they served you a pork shoulder that was falling off the bone? Think I'm kidding, check the pics. Let me start from the beginning. Our group came for my aunt's birthday, we made a reservation of course and we were seated right away. We got the personalized party menu ($45/pp)- menu had "Happy Birthday Tamara" and a list of entree options. Before the waiter even tells us his name, he comes with a a huge and I'm talking HUGE platter of food: fried shrimp, calamari, chicken skewers, chorizo skewers, fried pork chucks and fried chicken chunks. As I'm staring at this monstrosity of food that just arrived another man arrives with a platter of tostones topped with cod and beef, a plate of oysters and a plate of sausage and yuca, then the waiter introduces himself. In all honesty, I don't even remember his name because I was mesmerized by the food. Now if that's not a warm welcome to a restaurant, I don't know what is. We ordered dinner, we drank, we talked, blah blah blah but then the entrees arrived, as if we had any place to put anymore food. Shockingly, he puts three pork shoulders down in front of the three women that ordered roasted pork. I have never seen so much food on a table when I wasn't at a buffet in my entire life--and I know how to eat, mmkay. I had the snapper which was good but I kept looking at  that pork shoulder. I consoled myself but thinking, "Hey, I am the driver. I need room in the waist line to navigate the car properly. I can't pull the undo the top button routine." Needless to say, it took two, that's right, two to-go containers per person to package up that dinner. They gave us dessert too but at that point, I didn't even want to see anymore food. The place was PACKED, like clearly the recession never hit this restaurant. What I really liked is instead of hurrying us out of the restaurant so they could seat someone else, they offered for us to go to the lounge. So you don't have to leave, lets slide this party down where you can be more comfortable kinda thing-- I like this. While I liked the sentiment, we declined because we were stuffed so no need of us looking like a group of tella tubbies posted up in a lounge. The place was good. Be sure to make a reservation, prepare to spend some $$ and be stuffed to capacity.
Let me start by saying a big fan of their sister locations (New Rochelle and Astoria) however this place wasn't good at all. I didn't come here to eat but for the lounge. The ceilings are really low which makes you feel like you are in a basement. Now lets talk about the crowd, what a mix and not in a good way. Everyone there was about 4 ft tall and either 21 or 51 yrs old. I would give this place another shot for dinner but not the lounge part.
Great dancing space at this location. The  female Thursday night bartender made us amazing coquitinis. Easy parking too. Perfect for a girls night out during the week when it's not too crowded; lots of space to sit surrounding the perimeter of the lounge. Service was pretty good too. Friday night was a different story. We came here hoping for a good time but walked into an "open mic" night. Lots of random people standing around while a lady rapped w/ no background music. Yikes.
The Red Snapper is amazing! I've had it twice and it's some of the best fish I've had in a very long time. The appetizers are more enticing than the entrées. From the plantains to the calamari, you will love them. I've actually considered coming to the restaurant  and just ordering sides. The service is solid, and it's a comfortable environment with great lighting. You will enjoy yourself!
Came here for lunch May10; restaurant wasn't too busy with many busboys but only 1 server. That didn't make sense. We were seated right away but the host failed to give us menus; i asked a busboy for menus. Food was excellent but the service could certainly improve... DQ management why understaff on mother's day wknd? -- servers lacking would tend to lack attention to other customers' needs. Don't just focus at large parties. Is it necessary to play music that loud as though you're sitting in a dance club having lunch, while other folks raised their voices so they can hear each other?
I'm giving this restaurant 2stars because they messed up my reservation for. Bachelorette party of 5 I had last night and because of the food. The customer service was ok. The black beans and rice was dry! The Mac and cheese was under cooked and not Mac and cheese. We asked for our starter plate to be wrapped up it was never given to us. The photographer who seen is there from the time we sat down at the table not once ask if we wanted to take a picture until we had received the main course. I would not recommend this place or eat here again
#14 Finally i can do a review in the food this place, the other time i went over here was only to the bar.. So went to watch Seattle Seahawks practice (super bowl) with a friend. 35 dollars open buffet and open bar best deal i saw in Westchester for the more watch the most important game of the world. Food: White rice, Moro of black bean and other rice, potato salad, green salad, beef, wings and mac with cheese. I just fell in love with the white rice, beef, wings and the potato salad, it taste like home made, remember my day in DR. For the open Bar they had some wine, beer on tab, mojito, and sangria. I had Blue Moon all day. They had tv even in the bathroom so you did not lost a minute of the super bowl.
Not crowded early Thurs evening, host would not seat me until my date arrived. He suggested I wait at the bar, but considering I don't prefer to sit alone in a bar, I ended up waiting for my date outside. He said "We can not seat you until your whole party arrives." One other person?!? What's wrong with being seated at a table while I wait for just 1 person??? Note: There where numerous empty tables available!! Errr... Dinner date started off on the wrong foot all because of this particular male host. (Minus 2 stars) The place itself had a nice ambiance, good lighting and the waiter we had was polite and courteous. Food had good portions. We had the calamari which was well seasoned. My date and I both had fish which also tasted good. The food came timely and we had a pleasant dinner otherwise.  Too bad that first impression just ruined it for my experience. I would consider coming back one day to hopefully have a more positive experience and to revise my rating, perhaps in redemption. Note: Parking could be tricky in this area. Municipal parking available in the back. I didn't really see valet that night like their counterparts in New Rochelle.
I was all set to write a good review for this restaurant.  However, when I opened up my leftovers the next day for dinner, my opinion drastically changed. Let me rewind and fill in the gaps. I dined here with a rather large group of people (approximately 20 of us).  The restaurant was very accomodating and even prepared a special party menu for us, which is a good thing to keep the costs from getting too out of hand.  The appetizers were plentiful and tasty.  There are no vegetarian choices in the starters.  We had one vegetarian in the group, so we kindly asked if they could accomodate his dietary restrictions.  They obliged.  I ordered the Paella with Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Lobster, Calamari, Chicken, & Chorizo as my entree.  My husband ordered the Chicken and Rice (Arroz con Pollo).  The paella had a fantastic flavor to it and the fish / meat was plentiful.  The Chicken is served on the bone (about 2 inches long).  It was a bit odd, so I'm glad I ordered the paella instead.  The dessert platter was not too exciting. After dinner, our group went to the back of the restaurant which they turn into a club late at night.  It was way too loud back there to the point where you could not hear what the person standing inches away from you was saying. So, I'm not a huge eater and the appetizers definitely filled me up a bit.  I ate some of my entree, but had to take most of it home as I was full rather quickly.  When i went to eat my leftovers, I noticed that half of my seafood was missing from the container.  This is completely unacceptable.  I paid good money to dine there and I would expect that my food would all be packed up when they offer to wrap my leftovers,  I must have had about 5 mussels left, and not one of them appeared in the container.  If you cannot fit the food in one container, DO NOT THROW IT AWAY!  They should have simply gotten a second container and divided the food into two containers. Normally I always ask the server to bring me a container as I prefer to wrap up my own food.  But I didn't do that this evening because I was with a large group of people.  What a mistake that was. I will not return as a result of the poor service in packaging my leftovers.  I'm incredibly disappointed.
I came here over the weekend to celebrate my birthday. I am Puerto Rican and was curious to see if their food could compete with abuelita's. It was a Saturday night so naturally its loud and crowded. Great music, good ambiance. The drinks were SO expensive. I think the bartender used an eye dropper to add rum to my simple rum and coke. I bought a round of drinks for myself and two people and it cost $45 without a tip!!! I wouldn't mind so much if there was some liquor in it and I don't even like strong drinks but I have to gripe about that fact. Applebees puts more liquor in their drinks. Because this crowd is a lot less skeevy than most club scenes on Mamaroneck Ave I'm not so sure that high prices for drinks are a bad thing. If you want cheaper drinks, ratchet messes and creepy perverts on you, check out the Thirsty Turtle or Lazy Boy's Saloon. Some men at Don Coqui actually wear suits. Thank you gentleman! Our food was fantastic. I ordered mofongo con camarones and it was the best I've ever had. I've had plenty of authentic mofongo in Viejo San Juan, Dorado and Fajardo and this was the best. The appetizer of tostones con salsa was a neat touch. At some point one of my friends or family members told the waiter it was my birthday and I got a flan with coconut shavings and a candle. Which was also delicious. I enjoyed this place very much and look forward to returning. Thanks for the experience, Don Coqui!
Sorry but if you want authentic Spanish Latin Cuban this is not the place. The rice tasted like it was minute rice from the box and it was loaded with cumin and other spices. I have been to other places that are ten times better then this.  I'd rather find a mom and pop dive then come back here.  Service was very good.
My experience at this location has not improved. And this is my third visit. I am not yet comfortable recommending this restaurant. There remains an inconsistency with the employees. When my husband and I walked in, on Veteran's Day, we specifically asked for the details of their offer honoring Veteran's (because some restaurants offer a special menu for that purpose). Don Coqui's offer, in their email newsletter reads " $30 per table". There were at least four male employees in the front. There was no identifying the manager. The male greeter looked extremely uncomfortable (as though we were asking to do an audit!) and said "I don't know, I have to go back and ask". We were seated by another male employee and after a minute or so a different male employee came up to the table and said "Yes, it's $30 off the check". The dining room was glowing in bright Pink which is different but not good for reading the menu. Alternatively, dim light and candles would work beautifully. A handful of diners were also dining at the 5 p.m. hour. Oh dear, no toilet paper in the restrooms :( We ordered and enjoyed our meal. The Chicken Empanadas  tasted good until a huge chunk of chicken fat came out in a bite ...yuck! OK, so the check is given but no $30 credit had been applied. We inquired, the employee returned crediting one meal ($14) - huh!? Veterans sitting at this table with ID's on the table. They pulled a "bait and switch" and said only one meal would be deducted NOT the $30 they offered. Really Don Coqui!? This Veteran did NOT feel welcomed or honored. I am still hoping this location, in beautiful White Plains steps up and gets their act together. You want to be classy and chic restaurant...behave it!! Until then, we will enjoy delicious and affordable Latin food at our favorite, Karamba's.
The service was good. The place was nice. It was my first and only visit to this expensive place. We were a party of 5, and had an appetizer for 4, but it was $50. Everything was fried and the meat tasted old. There was good amount of food on the plates, but because the appetizer was so big, we only had three entrées. They were okay, but again, expensive. It was a good experience but I'm never going back.
This place sucks! So they charge 20% tip on party's of four no matter how the service is... my problem is not about paying for it but about the fact they knew this so they weren't really concerned about how they treated ... which was horrible BTW just don't waste your time or don't expect much! I will never come back and would not recommend this place
The worst dinner I have ever had in my life. -25 minutes to get two beers -No menus -No acknowledgement that they were out of one of the five items offered. -Food was cold and not very tasty. I understand that when it is busy, sometimes the servers struggle but we were one of four tables and it was still terrible service. Would never attend again.
I was a little apprehensive to go here after reading all the bad reviews, but we had a great experience. The food was good and plentiful and the service was good. I  recommend the shrimp mofongo! Excellent... flavorful and moist. The snapper was also very good. The calamari appetizer was delicious and appeared to be a favorite among the customers.  I used a groupon and had no problems. The staff was very attentive and pleasant. Since the restaurant was fairly crowded early on a Sunday evening, I would say that the reviews don't reflect everyone's experience. I would return.
Gave problem when tried to use groupon. Very disappointed!
Great service. Lovely ambience with the white furniture. Big well stocked bar. Huge dance floor. Good place to go for drinks.
Ugh. Gross. Are you kidding me? What the f was that? All things that were said by our table during our "lovely" visit to this establishment.   Let's start with the completely rude staff.  OMG. I thought I was at a dungeon by the abuse that was handed to me, I mean people pay to have others treat them the way we were handled.  We heard one customer physically threatened by the wait staff.  Does DC think they are still in the ghettos of the city?  You don't have to "throw down" in Westchester my good man. And do not expect your table to be ready by your reservation time. Consider it time to take in the atmosphere.  Oh wait that would mean there had to be atmosphere. Not waiters yelling about people and a starch white and metal view.....okay never mind, consider it time to catch up on Angry Birds. But once you get your food and drinks you will almost wish they had made you wait longer....at least then the food poisoning won't hit until you get home (cause don't expect them to bring the bill in a timely manner).  It is true.....$30 to put it in, $0 for it come out.  And I can't help but wonder what TV dinners they are warming up and serving to the guests, because it clearly isn't made fresh. Yes dear friends.  I suggest saving your money by going to TACO BELL, ask the cashier to talk down to you and threaten you and you will have a better experience without spending loads of cash. Also - be forewarned it has been documented (check your local Patch website) that DC has asked their servers to write positive reviews when they are getting negative reviews.  It makes sense for the servers to comply after all who is going to go somewhere with 2 stars? They also flag negative reviews, so lets see how long this stays up here. God speed my friends.................and please save yourself......by not subjecting yourself to this torture (unless you are really into that thing without the release)
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. Lets start with decor....everything is white. I thought it was very chic. There are too many tables causing them to be very close. I felt like the waiter had food over my head while serving to the next table. My waiter was nice but it took a while to take our drink order. We actually had to flag a manager down to get the waiter. The drinks and the food were great but overpriced to me $25-30 for pernil and arroz con gandules seems crazy. I will admit though the food was good and the plates weren't small.  After dinner I left so I don't know how the bar/lounge part is. As I was leaving, Fat Joe was walking in. This is a decent place to go as long as you're not on a first date as it was ridiculously loud in the restaurant. I will probably check out Sofrito around the corner before I return to this place. Oh yea....they automatically add gratuity ( I think its 15 or 20%) to parties of 4 or more. That's the first time I've seen that. Usually its 6 or more. Needless to say I didn't like that.
Not a huge fan of the Don Coqui in Astoria. I enjoyed the New Rochelle location more and I went to both location for the same thing - price-fixed birthday dinner and dancing. The atmosphere of the restaurant area is nice, I love their lighting, music level and it's reserved and laid back. The lounge holds a mixed crowd of young 20's and beyond and of course you can eat in the lounge area, also. The music is mixed, hiphop pop reggae reggaeton, bachata salsa house etc... The food wasn't great I ordered the same thing at the Astoria location that I did at the New Rochelle location and I recall the New Rochelle location to be a bit more memorable. Also, I was completely unsatisfied with the drinks. They were watered down & for the price, it's kind of ridiculous.
Great place awesome service. Genise made our night perfect awesome bartender and she's so funny and hotttt!!!
Been here a few times... This time... AMAZING! We came during happy hour, the bartender Genise... Excellent job she was very enthusiastic made great drinks and was very professional. The experience was THE best. MUST COME!!!!!!
We arrived at around 6pm on a Sunday and were seated immediately! I ordered the skirt steak and at was pretty good. Debbie the manager was excellent! Will definitely make our way back to Don Coqui in White Plains!
When the hostess greeted us while eating dinner at her station we knew this was going to be a challenging night. Seated at a nice table for two we did enjoy the plantains chips with both bean and salsa dips. Starters included the "BBQ Chicken Chunks" which I incorrectly assumed  would be boneless and tender. Difficult to chew they must have been laying around for a while. The bones were annoying - eating became a chore. Stay away from this dish. The "Beef Empanadas" starter was bland - unexciting. Our main courses included the "Don Coqui Paella". Filling and a step up from the appetizers - but as a signature dish - disappointing. Same with the "Red Snapper Filet". The popular ingredient at Don Coqui seems to be salt. Drinks are big here. We shared a bottle of white. Upon completion our waiter asked if we wanted another (easy fella). However service was fine - no issues there. All white dining area does create a nice ambiance. While half full on Sunday night we had to raise our voices to be heard. Saturdays you may have to scream. Under "Little Things Matter" - Water served in plastic glasses? Only in diners...
Normally I would say great things about this establishment but a couple of weeks back I had a really bad experience...I don't remember the managers name at the time but she's heavy set & white! We had a purchased a Groupon and when the bill came we gave the waiter our Groupon voucher but for some odd reason she didn't want us using our groupon voucher, she wanted us to pay cash...The waiter didn't listen to her and accepted our voucher but what came afterwards was very unprofessional for a manger to be conducting herself with...she was screaming at our waiter in front of everyone at the establishment for accepting our groupon...it made us feel very uncomfortable because we did nothing wrong for the waiter to be getting yelled at for no apparent reason...she handled herself unprofessionaly for a manager of such a great establishment, the whole situation ruined our whole night out because we felt like it was our fault the waiter was being treated so badly...I hope this doesn't happen to no one else
Horrible service, sangria from a tap with no fruit, over priced drinks with sub-par food. Save yourself the headache and go to Sofrito down the street!
Came for dinner one Saturday night with 6 or 7 friends. It was PACKED, with a million huge birthday groups apparently. They were all taking several rounds of shots and screaming each time. On top of that, the waiters sing loudly for each birthday customer too. Food was good but service was slow due to the crowd and we could barely hear each other due to the noise!!!! Would give 2.5 stars if I could.
Came here for a party. The food was mediocre. You would think that a Latin place would know how to cook pork. The only things that wasn't horrendous were the mashed potatoes, the salad and the baked chicken. The sangria was good as well.
I regretfully do not even want to award 1 star!   When we arrived, the greeter was on the phone on a personal call.  We waited, then proceeded in, she then got off the phone and escorted us to the rest of our party.  The lighting is not conducive to a relaxing meal, it's Friday and Saturday nightclub lighting...in the restaurant on Sunday! The waiter doesn't write anything down and he forgets...ALOT! My mom's dinner was wrong, he forgot my boyfriend's side dish, he forgot my glass of wine and he forgot my mom's dessert! Her coffee was cold and we were finshed with our desserts when her  dessert finally arrived... (after telling the waiter 2 more times)! It's pretty awful that the only thing that a vegetarian can get here is a 21.00...YES!! 21!!! dollar bowl of minute rice and frozen mixed veggies with tons of Sazon and salt! and by the way, the broccoli was cooked a few days earlier and was spoiled!  Another thing....why did the waiter treat us as if he was doing us a favor by serving us?????? The ladies room has a woman in it to hand out  towels and clean... well, I was there a bit waiting before she and the greeter stopped talking long enough for her to hand me a paper towel. YUK! Tip to you DC...at least make a rice and beans dish for vegetarians, use fresh vegetables, and have your waiters write things down.  YOU KNOW....Vegetarians enjoy eating out and they enjoy many ethnic cuisines! " show less So you answered that you wanted a second chance????? You want me to pay you again?????Or are you going to pay for our dinners???? REALLY!!!!! Don't copy paste your responses! Joanne M!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  From the decor, it looked too trendy and hip (the ENTIRE restaurant is white) to actually have authentic tasting food, but everything my friends and I ate was flavorful and tasty.  Our lunch portions were HUGE; i can't imagine how dinner looks.  This place is leaps and bounds above Sofrito, but Karamba is still my favorite spot in White Plains for Spanish food. I order the roasted pork.  It was basically an entire pig leg on a plate.  Not as flavorful as my family makes, but still very good.  The rice and pigeon peas were delicious, I must say.  My friends ordered the oxtail soup and the rice and chicken.  I was told the soup was good but difficult to eat.  It's basically a soup you have to get dirty eating.  Not really a complaint, just a preference.  The rice and chicken looked and smelled better than it tasted.  Don't get me wrong, from the little I tried, it was good, but not something I would order.  For appetizers we had the sweet plantains (absolutely delicious) and the empanadas (very good). I noticed some reviewers were complaining about drinks.  No one in my party ordered a drink so i cannot comment on that. Reviewers also commented on poor service.  We ate lunch, not dinner, and the place was basically empty considering the size of this place.  So, again, I cannot comment on how service would have been on a busy night.  Our waitress, however, was attentive and friendly. Perhaps 4 stars is a bit generous, but this place is certainly better than a 3 star establishment.  I cannot say I will ever come here at night because it's not my scene, but I will definitely return for lunch again...and again.
I came here back in January to celebrate my cousin birthday.  It was a pre fix menu as the option for our party to order. I liked the sampling appetizer in which there were a variety of things to choose from the platter (I.e. Empanadas, calamari, chicken, etc). I ordered my skirt steak with rice for my entree. Food was good, you get a lot for your money, and also you get a platter of desserts with the menu. Our waiter was good and very attentive to our group.
Angelica is a great bartender!! Food and service was great !!! I would recommend this location!
I have been here several times for happy hour. I have order a plethora of drinks on there happy hour.  I've order mojitos to L.I. Today I order an L.I and was charged full price. I have that AAMW drink for $6 but now things have changed. I have deemed this place the best spot for happy hour but now I deem it inconsistent!
I do have to admit that we decided to take the chance even after reading several negative reviews.  We said screw it, worse came to worse we could always leave if our first impression wasn't a good one.   Needless to say, as soon as we stepped foot into the door we were pleasantly surprised by the attentiveness and overly friendly staff and owner!  Service was absolutely great!   The food came out  much faster than expected and the drinks were flowing.  Never an empty glass, whether it was water or another beverage.  The food was okay compared to some of their competitors but we would go back.   My dad (who is a very picky eater) decided to try the oxtail, which I may add he eats all the time but was hesitant in ordering, but he went for it.  From the time the plate was placed in front of him until he completely ate it all you didn't hear a peep from him except for a hmm or uh-huh.  His review is a five star and wants to go back ASAP! =) To those who are reluctant, give it a try!  To those who had a bad experience, try again! It seems like some adjustments and changes have been made.
I give this place a 2 because i cannot complain about the food it was great!! We spent so much, I was so full at the end of the night it was amazing!! After we had our dessert and paid our check, we stayed sitting to relax and chat. We were there to celebrate a friend's birthday so of course we stayed to have drinks. Our table was in the front area of the restaurant. Seeing as we are done and paid, a staff member came to us an asked if it was possible that we move to the lounge area. We said sure if there is seating back there for us, if not we can hang out here. We spent enough to be able to do this! He then assured us that he indeed had a booth waiting just for us. So we agreed and we followed him back to the lounge. We sat down relaxed, spent more money on drinks. Then a waitress came and said we had to get up this was reserved for people who bought bottles (basically it was for people who spent money) regardless of that fact, a member of their staff assured us this booth was indeed ours. We told the waitress the situation and they still wanted to kick us out from the both How does a nice place like this kick us out from the restaurant we spent a lot of money in, to promise us a booth, and not communicating with any other staff member what the situation was and then trying to kick us out again from the booth when it was not even our fault! You sat us there!! First and foremost we are the paying customers, we were nice enough to get up from our comfortable seats, so that perhaps you can seat more people to eat dinner and go back to the lounge where you promised us a booth. Paying customers DO NOT NEED to get up from anywhere until they are ready to do so. Second paying customers need not be lied to! If you are a staff member who failed to communicate to other staff members what you have promised us. This is NOT the paying customers fault! "I didnt know i couldnt do that" is not an excuse. It is YOUR JOB to know!! It is YOUR JOB to communicate with your staff. Third upon knowing that it was not the PAYING customers fault. It wouldve been a good business move to be accommodated us with a booth you promised anyway regardless if we paid bottle service or not. It is YOUR JOB to fix the misunderstanding, it is your job to fix the miscommunication and it is your job to accommodate PAYING customers!!! Continuing to kick us out from a both whom nobody even sat on the remaining hours we stayed there is completely u professional and uncalled for!!! Not one manager approached us to even deal with the situation!! The waitress told us if we had a problem, we can go and speak to the manager. Im sorry but that is not our job to seek manager when we had no fault. It is a managers protocol to make sure paying customers are taken care of!!! Horrible management!!!! End of story!! Do your jobs right!! Spending money at this place is pointless! First and last! Do NOT go to The White Plains Location!!! Horrible customer service!!! Appalling to say the least!!
Food was ok, but service needs work. FOOD How do you screw up empanadas? By making them bland. I swear that these came out of the freezer and got dropped in the deep fryer. My wife asked for a medium flank steak, it came out well done. Somehow it still tasted good. The seafood stew was decent tasting, but my stomach was churning all night long afterwards. I think I dropped 5 lbs that morning at work. Not sure whether it was the soup base or the coconut rice. My mouth loved it, but my stomach not so much. It was still worth the pain. SERVICE Service was a bit slow and not as fast or attentive based on other past experiences. If you are trying to come off as a higher end restaurant, I would highly suggest the waitstaff not greet people with a "Whats up?". It might fly in the barrio or surf bar, but that's about it. DECOR Loved the decor, but you must lose the 12000K (color scale for violet band) lighting. It messes with people's perception of things. Usually 3rd and 2nd world countries use that type of lighting. I would recommend a 5000-6000K lighting color scale to give a clean, crisp look instead of looking like a cheap version of a high end strip club in Miami or San Juan. Would I come back? Maybe, just to give it a second chance. If you guys want a good point of reference; go to Bistro Latino in Greenwich (exit 5 off I95). They are a great example of super service and food.
My husband & I decided to come here & treat our friends, another couple.  This is our third time here because we enjoyed the food, however, I will be honest we are not returning because they have deceptive sales practices & are very overpriced! Our waitress told us what the specialty plate was, which was a lobster stuffed with shrimp, steak & choice of side & we ordered a bull dog(drink). When the waitress came with our drinks, she up sized it & when I told  her I didn't remember the drink so large or with 2 coronas that I wanted the regular drink, she said she assumed because of my husbands hand gesture that we wanted the  large version of the drink. I tried to tell her that's not what we ordered but she convinced us to keep the drinks & we reluctantly kept them. Yes, we could have insisted & returned them back to the bar, but she was very persistent & we feared if we started our dinner that way, there's no telling what would get done behind closed doors to our food or future drink order! If I told her that's not what we ordered, instead of insisting, she should have exchanged it right away, no &s , ifs or buts.  When we received our bill at the end of the night, we saw extra charges that said lobster. We questioned the bill & told them that if we ordered the special, it should be one price, not extra charges. The waitress said it was for the steak, another Mgr. said it was for the stuffing! Really? This is a first for us, being charged $10. 00 per lobster for stuffing that was part of the special! We paid over $40 per drink & yet we were charged extra for 6 small coronas, again which was a part of the bulldog drink! I've had this drink elsewhere & we paid 1 price for the drink! They mislead your into thinking everything is part of the order yet when it comes to pay, you get hit with a double charge, the drink itself plus extra for the small beers that are part of the drink, as was done with the lobster charge. When it came to the gratuity we were automatically charged 20% for 4! I've dined in many places & usually for 4 or less, the gratuity isn't included & it's definitely not 20%! It's left to the customer's choice & it's usually broken down, 15, 18 or 20%! At Don Coqui whether you are satisfied or not, they automatically charge your card the 20%! We spoke to Jayleen, oh yes, she apologized & says that she gets a lot of complaints regarding the way they bill & offered us frozen Sangria shots, which didn't address any of our issues! When we declined the shots, she just said sorry & walked away! Hardly good customer service! If there was a time for her to make right a wrong, she could have comped us at least 1 drink or taken off the charges for the lobster. After all, when we asked the waitress, she said it was for the steak, another didn't know & Jayleen said it was for the stuffing, which the waitress never said was an extra! We felt taken advantage of & when we gave Jayleen the opportunity to do something, she walked away when we declined the frozen sangria as some form of compensation!  We had to approach another Mgr. because after all a gratuity is supposed to be by choice & if we're satisfied. Since the waitress up sized & failed to tell us the truth regarding charges & extras we felt she didn't deserve 20%! We were only given a credit of $20 & a dinner for 4 with all the extra charges came to $523.77!  So for the deceptive sales practices, the unwillingness to do anything for her customers, Jayleen & Don Coqui not only lost us as customers, but our friends & I will let everyone know how we were treated. Once we declined the frozen Sangria, she said sorry, walked away, ignored us, did nothing to make us want to return & not even a thank you! Jayleen sometimes you have to bend & realize it is the customers who keep you in business, so a bit if appreciation & a willingness to work with a customer would have gone a long way as does a referral! & I'm sorry, you're offer of a frozen Sangria wasn't in any way compensation for the overcharges in the bill & for your waitress's deceptiveness, this just shows you condone that & shouldn't! At the very least, since the waitress was to blame for her mistakes in the drinks & for the duplicate charges & failure to tell us what was included & not included with our meals, you could have taken her tip off! If you'd done that, she would learn to be an honest waitress & you would have shown us that you cared about how we felt & that we left satisfied & with some form of compensation, but you didn't. So I will let everyone know how Don Coqui operates so they dine elsewhere! Too bad, because with honesty, a great wait staff & proper mngmnt, it could have the potential to be a 4-5 star place!
I've been here twice and both times it was alright but I doubt I'd come back again unless it was someone else's choice.  The appetizer sampler is AMAZING - both times I've been here we ordered the "sampler for two" and it was more than enough for 3 people.  As for entrees, I've had the Paella and some kind of shrimp dish - both were okay but not too memorable.  Unfortunately the most memorable part is the awful service.  The servers take forever to do anything and both times I've dined, they've forgotten some part of my table's entrees.
We went during happy hour and the guy at the bat charged me double. Have a woman ask for the drink! Food was delicious but the waitstaff was really slow with the sauces (salsa, hot sauce, etc). Overall, nice place.
Hola!! I would just like to take this opportunity to give Kudos  to the DC family, I had an issue, and s/w the owner via email who responded ASAP, to correct the problem, which impressed me right away.. I then was contacted by the Mgr. Freddy, who invited me back to the WP location,  to speak to me and  to inquire what could he do to keep me as a DC frequent flyer, as I haunt the NR and City Island ocations, Philip is fantastic, as Mrs. Monica and my main man Kwame..on Karaoke nights!!! I was immediately greeted by the lovely Angelica at the WP locations and Freddy sat with me the entire time, there only to leave my side to attend to various customers that were arriving ...In working in the PR department for the Clergy we purchased several Groupons so we want to keep this restaurant in mind, for entertainment purposes. I even got a chance to speak with Debbie, who was VERY accomodating in listening to my concerns and readily answered my questions....I and some other co-workers will be stopping in this evening to enjoy what DC has to offer, I anticipate nothing less than an exciting and exceptional evening.
We visited mid week after having experienced a wonderful dinner and the don coqui in new Rochelle. We loved the ambiance here, however not so much the crowd. We felt the food was much better in new Rochelle, here our dishes were over salted.
I love the decor in this place. The employees were very nice and attentive. They even place the napkin on your lap, talk about invading your space haah. Was totally caught off guard on that. We waited an hour for our food to arrive and the place wasn't even packed. If it wasn't for that I would've given it maybe 5 stars.  The food was certainly delicious. The chicken wrapped in yuca from the appetizer menu was really yummy, but the bite size made it difficult to chew because it was too big for my mouth. I had the shrimp mofongo, so far it isthe best I've ever tasted. Will try this business again in another location.
Really disappointed ... Food was mediocre at best, drinks were better than the food ( hence the 1 star) .  Now for the reason I will not be returning. We arrived around 7pm . We had apps , entrees and dessert . We were chatting and finishing up . Our waiter was 'sharking' our table. He finally came to us around 830 and told us people were waiting and we needed to go BUT he should try their lounge.... Umm seriously? While we were getting up a manager (?) came up and said the same thing.  I get it you need the table but when there are better ways of handling it . They could of said we need the table , let us buy you a drink in our lounge, etc.. We left the table feeling 'kicked out' and disappointed . Mediocre food I will give a second chance to , bad attitude and HORRIBLE customer service I will not..
The club is popping for westchester county . The drinks are good but way overpriced. Love the setup and the ambiance . I just purchased a groupon so let's see update on food
Ok food ok service everything was just ok beside the horrible hostess very disorganized had no clue who she was sitting where and when we first walk in there was no one to greet us had to wait like 5 mins to have someone approach us
I am only giving 2 stars to Don Coqui because of the unbelievably rude customer service that I experienced today. The food is amazing and they have a great interior but apparently don't ever think it's ok to ask for take out. I checked YELP to see if Don Coqui's locations offered takeout, which was a yes on each. I called the New Rochelle location first and said I wanted to make a take out order. The response given to me was "Oh hunny you should just come in instead, it would be much faster" (which defeats the point of take out) then she put me on hold and gave me to the hostess upstairs who notified me that 3/5 dishes I wanted were unavailable.. which I found to be quite odd. Then I called the White Plains location to try and get take out. The woman who answered the phone was nice up until I asked if I could place an order for take out. She huffed on the phone and said "And just what is it that you want?!" with such an attitude that it took me back. I let her know what I was looking for and she sighed again and said "We don't have any of those things today."  I couldn't believe it, you mean to tell me that you don't have clams, crab legs, pulpo salad, chicharron de pollo, or rice and beans?? I have been a long time customer of Don Coqui, since the first location opened up in New Rochelle, and I am really disappointed at the service I received. The website says that you can order take out but I felt like if it was asking too much of them, especially on a busy day, then they shouldn't advertise it. Or if someone calls for takeout it can politely be said "i'm sorry but we don't offer take out". I now know that apparently you have to go and eat at the restaurant to enjoy their food but it will probably be a long while before I can forgive and forget this incident.
I went for new years eve and my whole party was extremely disappointed. This was not my first time at Don Coqui WP. I have frequented both the WP and NR locations. The Fixed menu for $85.00/person looked like it would be delicious. Well we were wrong. -The appetizers came out and were not that warm. Also a dew of the things listed were not there and substituted with other things. Now I understand it was New Years, It was busy, they may have ran out of things but it would be nice to be notified. We were rushed through out appetizers & our small plates were taken. for $85.00 and the fact that it was supposed to be a relaxing holiday dinner we would have liked to finish our food. we assumed we were being rushed because our main course was coming out but again WE WERE WRONG. We did not get our main course until 1/2 hour after they rushed our appetizers away. This makes us being there an hour and only eating through a little more than half our apps. Which all of us were having extreme indigestion from. (prior to this day i have never had any food quality/taste complaints) we were also encouraged to order bulldogs (drink) which were "on a special for the night" The bill came at the end and the drinks were a whopping $39 each. i barely even drank mine. I would have stuck with sangria if i knew that was what a  "special" costs considering it was just sugary and not as great as normal days. The main course came it was delicious but again we were rushed.... the person cleaning off our table had an attitude when we asked to take our half eaten food home. we waited another half hour til our dessert was brought out which was a half piece of dessert per person. Not too long after we all were experiencing upset stomachs. I myself vomited and could not stay too long to finish the night in the lounge. I had 6 people in my party and every single one of us had upset stomachs and severe diarrhea the whole night and next day. FOR $900 BETWEEN 6 PEOPLE AND BARELY ANY LIQUOR ORDERED I WOULD HAVE EXPECTED A BETTER TIME AT YOUR RESTAURANT. ESPECIALLY FOR NEW YEARS. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
EAT! NOW! That's my prime directive to anyone reading this! I've both, dined in as well as gotten take out from them, and both times have been very positive experiences. Dining in: The ambiance is nice, the service is a bit slow (surprisingly for a work day lunch crowd), but so what? They take their time, the food was excellent. All cooked to order, delicious, GENEROUS portions. Not cheap, but not the priciest place around, either. Friends who dined with me had the pernil and rice; I had the skirt steak and potato salad. Delicious. And for the take out order I did one day as a picnic on the last nice Friday of the summer, I ordered up the plantain crusted fish entree, some empanadas, and an order of deviled eggs. Every last item was delicious  and made for a great picnic. I keep their take out menu for both, lunch and dinner, at my desk at work for, shall we say, "future reference!" Can't wait to eat there again!
Only went to the bar, yet 10 bucks for a mojito with one shot of below average bottom shelf rum and the Drink had no kick.  Appetizers looked good, but for 12 bucks a pop, not willing to gamble.  Dinners all over 20.  Seems quite high for white plains.
I been to many Latin cuisine restaurants, but this is not good lets start with food I heard that the paella was great so we when to try it out, no to crazy about there is many restaurant that make it better, apps were ok no to crazy, desserts was bad they have this chocolate tres leches cake it seem they just make a cake and add chocolate milk, service was above average, the were fly's in the restaurant no good.
This restaurant is none to be compared to.  Quite the best Puerto Rican cuisine..by far in New York.  Family owned and by far are they all on the same page.  Great establishment, ambiance quite the short cut to Puerto Rico.  Stunning space !  Boy is this a great night out.  Service impeccable, music off the hook, definitely A- list dj, especially on a Friday & Saturday night!  Food is an overabundance of portions, so good to know after the fantastic night of partying you can wake up to such a great morning retreat!!  Great night, great fun, great food and great dancing to boot!!  try it...you will LIKE IT...!!  and definitely go back for more......
I like the atmosphere, the look, but not impress with the food specially since the waiter said a lot of the stuff on the menu what not being offered. I was there on March 2nd if this year and I wanted to try the seafood stew. The taste of the food was excellent but it was missing the lobster which I didn't find any in the dish and they were no longer serving the coconut rice which I really wanted to try.
Been here a few times . First time was for drinks and the experience overall wasn't bad until I waited 20 minutes to get my coat because the coat check girl/hostess was running around like a lunatic and I was actually yelled at for getting my own coat as she finally arrived . I don't know maybe shell out the extra what 10 bucks an hour and have a girl in the coat check booth . This time was my first to eat . When I called to make a reservation they told me they don't take reservations for two people . I don t know if this is normal or not but to me it doesn't make much sense .  When I walked thru the door the front entrance was extremely crowded with drunk people pushing there way out the door and other people scattered all over leaning on the walls and sitting on anything that might resemble a seat which seem unusual to me . So I approached the hostess and was told it was gonna be a hour and a half before I was going to be seated . When I asked her why they don't accept reservations for two people she had no answer for me. I doubt I'm the first person to ask why the don't accept reservations for two people . She followed my question with a question of her own . She wanted my name . As I went to give her my name we were interrupted  by what seemed to be a manager of some sort getting his friend a table because " she's not waiting an hour and half for a table" in her words she needs to be sitting down eating within the next half hour . That was enough for me to turn around and walk out . I've been to the new Rochelle location several times to eat and drink and I've never had a problem . It seems that the other two locations are held to higher standards and the one in White Plains is not   . It almost seems like they want you to wait an hour and half for a table hoping you will go to the bar while you wait .  This interactions with the staff at Don Coqui in white plains was enough for me never to go back again . I can handle a girl who was being overworked and angry at me for going into the coat check room yelling at me . I can't handle a manager  interrupting me In a  extremely rude manor to help his friend  out . I'll take the extra few minutes to go to the New Rochelle location .  The other locations to me are five stars and always have been . The one in white plains barely deserves 2 . Maybe they need to bring the managers from the other locations to show the ones in White Plains how to run the place .
Good amount of food and pretty good at a reasonable price and great drinks. The atmosphere is great as well the tables are a little too close and the music is a bit to loud for my liking but I would definitely go again.
I have no idea where the bad reviews are coming from, my hubby and I ate there last night and the food was fine. My Chicken and Rice dish was huge, but mostly rice which was pretty bland. The service was great and our food arrived very quickly There is a DJ by in the back room and the dancing was fun
Interior is gorgeous! All white, refreshing Miami feel to it. Happy hour is great, Mango Martini's are my favorite. Dinner portions are huge. Salsa lessons on Thursday! I'm definitely hooked.
I would maybe return to this place again because the food is good. First visit: No split plate charge was applied. I spilled my drink and no one offered to replaced it. The manager came around to ask for feedback; I told her what happened. She gave me a big glass of wine. First experience was good overall. Second visit: the service was OK as the waiter got the order wrong. I also saw the same issue with other tables. The food did come out quickly, but there was hair in one of the dishes. They did replace the dish, but did not take the charge off the bill. There is a $10 share plate charge even if you order 2 apps. They also would not let you order a salad as a main entree without charging you $10; the waiter said I needed to order an entree without being charge. I thought that was unreasonable.
Three stars are given because of the drinks and the manager who corrected a wrong situation. We didn't mind waiting for a table it's to be expected on a Friday night. Our table of 3 was shown to a 2 top. When we explained to the male manager about us being a table of 3 we got yelled at and was told that he didn't have a table of 3 ready and that we needed to go back to the hostess stand. (Why do customers need to be yelled at?) Once at the host stand she apologized and we waited again. Once seated we ordered like it was a state of emergency. The empanadas were good and they came out fast but our entrees took FOREVER. They took so long we weren't even hungry anymore. The food arrived and my friends were not impressed. The fish my friend ordered had this sauce added onto it that she did not want and the other had over cooked beans and rice and pork with no flavor. I ordered the shredded beef but I liked mine. A female manager walked over to our table to ask about our meal. We explained the food situation and she understood. She took both entrees off our bill and sent the food back to the kitchen. Oh and we saw our server twice that night. When he took our order and when he dropped the check. We had to call on other ppl the entire night if our table needed something. *please remind your staff that they are hired to serve the customers. Without customers you won't have a job* The bartenders are also very nice! Great white sangria!!!
Correction: Unless you consider Smirnoff top shelf,  then it's best you pregame elsewhere.
I really wanted to like this place but there was nothing good about my experience. The guy who seated us acted like it was a chore that he had to be bothered. I ordered grilled shrimp with black bean rice. The rice was so dry and I found pieces of aluminum foil in it. Some of the pieces of shrimp weren't even fully cooked. My friend ordered what was supposed to be paella but in actuality was just a huge bowl of rice. I didn't think anything could be worse than the food but the service was. After our meals were served, we didn't see our waiter for 45 minutes. We were sitting there with our meals finished for 25 minutes. Our waiter finally reappeared. I was looking at him to get his attention. He looks back at me and just says 'did you want something?'  I said yes, our meal has been finished for 25 minutes already. He asked if we wanted dessert and we said no. He cleared the plates and resurfaces again 15 minutes later and asks again if we want dessert. I told him once again no, just get us the check. Another 15 minutes for the check. Bad food, even worse service. Skip this place. Sofrito down the street is way better.
The place is amazing in every sense! Amazing food, beautiful people... The drinks omg ! No comments, they are spectacular ! Don't forget the Dj that really does a wonderful job. If you wanna forget you problems during the weekend and party like a rockstar that's the right place! If you want to have dinner with the family earlier or during the weekdays perfect as well! They have also spaces for private events/parties, not only table service but a real private space which can accommodate a bigger party. Que bueno es Don Coqui!
I love Don Coqui in New Rochelle, so I was very excited when this opened in White Plains! I left a review on here a few weeks ago and apparently it was taken down. I'm happy to see other bad reviews though so I know it wasn't a one time thing. We just went for happy hour and sat at the bar. the service was slow and horrible. We were ignored and when we finally got the attention of the bartender she would take our order and walk away and help someone else. We ordered some appetizers that were not good at all and they were expensive. I will definitely go back to the one in New Rochelle, but not sure about this one.
Came here a couple of weeks ago and the service as ATROCIOUS. We began by ordering drinks, and one lady came to try to relocate us to the bar and said we could order food there, WTF?!?!  I would have understood if it was busy, and if we had no intention of ordering food, but 1) 90% of the tables in the restaurant were EMPTY; and 2) some people like having a drink before ordering food. On that note, I ordered the drink special which was TWENTY-EIGHT  ($28) with no word of a warning. An ordinary Margarita is $9, and I thought specials were cheaper, not more expensive. The food wasn't bad, though far from great, and very salty. If not for the ATROCIOUS service, the food would have probably been worth two stars. Going back to the service, other than constantly trying to kick us out, or move us to the bar area, we did not receive any "service", and had to flag people down to get water refills. No one ever came to check on us. It was thoroughly disappointing and I'm NEVER going back. There are a lot of places where you can't spend your hard earned money, this place definitely does not deserve it. The only bright side to the evening was when I left the waiters a 5% tip :D
The wait was short on a Friday night around 7:30pm and the front staff was friendly. Our appetizers were quickly brought out, which were tasty (empanadas and coconut shrimp). Right after they removed our appetizers, our entrees arrived, which felt a little rushed. And each time one of us put down our fork, a busboy came over to ask if we were done. We joked that it wasn't safe to put down your fork for a breath of air. Once the plates were removed, the waiter asked if we wanted dessert and we said we'd think about it. He brought the check. (Guess we weren't having dessert!) He came back quickly to get the check and I said we hadn't taken care of it--keep in mind that we had only been at the table for about 45 minutes and we had already had four drinks, appetizers and entrees. He came back again for the check and told us (albeit nicely) that people were waiting for tables, so we could go to the bar if we wanted to stay. Seriously. That was my first and last time at Don Coqui.
My husband and I had dinner here last Sunday, being that I am Puerto Rican I was always skeptical about going to this type of Puerto Rican restaurant. We had a living social so we decided to give it a try, I must say we were not disappointed with our entrees. My husband had bistec encebollado(Onion steak) with rice and beans, the steak was quite tasty and a nice portion the beans however, lacked a little flavor and was a bit on the bland side. I ordered the pork mofongo, this was a nice size as well, the mofongo itself had crispy pork skin inside which I really enjoyed and was surrounded with pieces of pernil. I had a traditional mojito to drink, no complaints there. I didn't give it five stars because our waiter was terrible, no personality at all and acted as if he was doing us a favor when in reality he was doing his job! Also I felt like we were seated pretty closely to the surrounding parties, but it wasn't that big of a space to begin with so what else could they really do? I would return again
Are you kidding me?  These folks are thieves!  I went to this glorified nightclub with three co-workers for lunch and besides the food being below average, they have decided to add a forced gratuity for a table of four.  Your food sucks and so does your policies!  I'll make sure I spread the word.
no gluten free options and when i called they were clueless... in 2013 you gotta be on your allergen game or you will fail miserably. any masterchef can make good latin food gluten free. there should be some options.... Customer service not good for my standards
Tried the restaurant in Astoria and did not have a good experience so I was hesitant to come to the White Plains location but I'm glad I did. The customer service here is great. Our waiter Jorge was great. Very polite and helpful. My friend was going to order the arroz con pollo and Jorge explained to her that the chicken was on the bone and it was all dark meat. I thought this was great information to share with the customer as it actually swayed my friend's decision and she ended up ordering something else. I ordered the seafood stew and it was way too salty for my liking. I unfortunately did not eat much of it because of it although I told Jorge and he went out of his way to inform his mgr and he actually got my entree removed from my bill. I was very pleased that he did so it shows that he is attentive to customer satisfaction. Although I didn't enjoy my entree I still left very pleased thanks to Jorge.
I had been to the New Rochelle location with a friend a few months ago and was pleased with the food.  Shortly after, I came across a Living Social deal and decided to buy it.  Since service wasn't the greatest in my opinion at New Rochelle, I wanted to give White Plains a try.  I have to admit, I wasn't really looking forward to it after reading the Yelp reviews.  However, I was pleasantly surprised!  The service was absolutely wonderful.  I don't recall the name of our waitress, but she was the only woman on the floor yesterday evening.  She was very attentive and pleasant.  The food was also delicious. My husband won't stop talking about the seafood stew.  My skirt steak and shrimp were tasty as well.  Our kids had simple items like chicken fingers and a burger.  I did try their fries which were FRESH and delicious.  Yes even that can get messed up if you've ever had fries cooked in old dirty grease!  And oh yeah, how can I forget the music - classic soul and R&B the whole time! Rick James & Teena Marie, Luther, Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway... Now I know that the music selection won't be guaranteed every time, but we certainly enjoyed it.  We will most certainly be back!
My family came here on Easter Sunday to celebrate my husband's 51st birthday.  The service and the food was good.  Make sure you read your bill carefully.  My family had previously purchased a Groupon and advised the waiter upon our arrival that we would be utilizing it for the purchase.  We ordered three non-alcoholic drinks (strawberry daiquiri and pina colada). The appetizers and food arrived without incident.  The restaurant staff then came over with a piece of Flan and a candle to sing Happy BIrthday to my husband.  He doesn't like Flan but tried a piece anyway.  Then when the bill arrived I saw an extra Pina Colada on the bill which we had not ordered.  I advised the waiter of the error and he returned with a corrected bill which then had the Flan listed on the order.  Since when do restaurants charge you for a piece of dessert that they provide to celebrate someone's birthday??????  I again challenged the waiter about the inclusion of the Flan ($7.00) on the bill.  I further reminded him that the Flan was not included on the first bill (which included an extra drink order) and he insisted that it was there.  I challenged him to bring back the first bill to show me the inclusion of the Flan on the bill.  He never brought back the first bill but  advised us to speak to the manager.  The female manager then arrived and advised us that if customers order the Flan for the birthday they add it to the bill.  We kindly reminded her that we did not order the Flan and the wait staff brought it to us.  She finally took the Flan off the order and then stated that they normally do not honor Groupon's on holidays.  I reminded her that I advised the waiter that I would be utilizing a Groupon upon arrival and if the restaurant was not honoring Groupon coupons today I would have paid for the entire bill.  Who wants to spend all that energy on fighting an additional $7.00?????  You can't have good service if you try to squeeze extra money from customers!!!!!  The bill was settled and we left the restaurant.  Who wants to spend time fighting management over $7.00?  Don Coqui try remembering the customers are always right?  This was my third visit here.  Whether or not we return depends on my husband.  My vote is no.  Not used to petty behavior by management!
I went here on a Sunday at lunch time and the service was great, the portions were huge and its a nice ambiance.....
Food great, large portions that you can actually split with someone.  Pricey drinks. Lounge part has great music, and mixed age group which was nice.
We came in with a Groupon on a Tuesday night and the place was busy, but we were seated right away.  The food and drinks were fantastic. The shrimp scampi and churrassco steak were amazing. We will be back again. The only negative is that the service is a little slow and they turn on some annoying light flickers to create a clubby atmosphere, but the quality of the food was worth it.
Had a great dinner with the family.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Decor is a bit swankier than expected but we were comfortable even with our four year old in tow.  Pernil and mofongo were the best we've had in Westchester.
I went here on my birthday for dinner and was excited to try this place.  The décor was very nice.  But when I received my dinner it was cold and tasted horrible! After a couple bites I sent back my food (which I don't like to do)  and I felt ill and needless to say I was sick in bathroom for half the night on my birthday!  A month later my friend wanted to go here for her bday dinner and being a good friend I went back. I ordered ox tail-- WELL I was sick for three days. NEVER EATING THERE AGAIN.  I gave two stars because the drinks are decent and I like the night-life there..
Sooo much fun! Service- excellent; everyone was attentive to us and made sure everything was perfect Food- LARGE portions! For no more than $25 an entree can easily satisfy at least two people Ambience- puts you in the mood for dancing; there's also hookah, and an outdoor lounge; it is more like a Las Vegas type club atmosphere, but without those young drunk twenty year olds; good crowd who actually know how to dance and have fun
Am I surprised by all the low reviews this Don Coqui location has gotten? Not really... and here's why: - Food: I've actually gone to the Don Coqui located in New Rochelle and had a better dining experience in terms of the food there. My friends and I ordered the green plantain appetizer with steak, which came out quickly and tasted pretty good. However, our entrees were lacking in every single way shape or form, to say the least. I ordered the shrimp scampi with mashed potatoes. The potatoes themselves seemed a bit off in color and like they had been re-heated instead of freshly cooked. A couple of us ordered the mashed potato on the side and felt the same. We weren't impressed overall with the quality of the food. - Drinks: A couple of us tried the Hennessy signature drink (can't recall the name), it was a bit strong yet surprisingly sweet. However, my one friend (the birthday girl) ordered the 'Sexy Island' signature drink and she claims it didn't pack quite the punch as the one she remembered ordering at the New Rochelle location. - Service: In terms of service during our dining experience that was actually excellent. We had the hostess along with managers make sure we were greeted, seated quickly, and they checked up on us throughout various times during our dining experience. I think their service was impeccable in that regard and there is no denying that. However, after our dinner we went to the lounge area and there was a shortage of bartenders at the back bar. There was one girl who was overwhelmed and trying to tackle all orders. The lack of staff at the one bar located at the back of the bar was not a good look. You could tell people were getting annoyed with the wait. - Lounge: The DJ was really good and played a good mix of music from hip hop to salsa I was loving it all. Yet, the crowd seemed to be mostly in their 40s and older. I was expecting a younger crowd in their 20s to 30s to fill up the space. I felt like I was partying next to my grandmother (no offense to her but you know what I mean). Also, one thing I found annoying was the fact that my friends and I were told we could sit on the lounge seating until someone purchased a bottle, which it seemed the majority of people did. Well this did not sit well with one of the bottle girls who came to lecture us and later on got the hookah guy to give us the same speech. Of course, we moved but the back to back speeches were unnecessary, especially since another party sat at the same section without ordering a single bottle the entire time. I didn't notice her coming around or getting anyone to kick them out. Nonetheless, we didn't stick around long. The White Plains clubbing/bar scene is one all its own and I think I'll try the other Don Coqui locations before venturing back to this one.
