I can only give 4 stars right now as I have tried this restaurant only once. There is a valet parking for $10, Location is superb, and making a reservation is not that hard. We went here on a Tuesday night, and although the weather is not cooperating, I just wished that it won't be raining and cloudy so I can see the magnificent view that this restaurant offers..oh well....=) We ordered fried shrimp and calamari, and the steak pepper tapas, along with the artisanal bread basket. I know, the fried calamari sounds so simple but then again, thats what makes it more challenging for a chef to be "great"--Making simple food stand out....", and he did. This is the best fried calamari And not to forget the fried shrimp and jalapeño peppers that I have had. The Artisanal bread basket comes with three different spreads, and oh boy! the cream cheese just melts in your mouth like a caviar=) Then the steak pepper ... it seems small, but its very filling and tastes solo good!!! For the Main course; we ordered the Special of the day, Cod served with bokchoi  and for me, I ordered the halibut. We both enjoyed our entrees. Not to forget, we also ordered dessert, the creme brûlée donut, Im kinda disappointed with the dessert, but since I am not a big dessert person, I let my husband finished the donuts. The service is decent. The ambience is modern , cozy, nothing pretentious. I will be coming back and bring my family and friends here....=)))
My boyfriend was really looking forward to dining here. He said the view was amazing and he said the menu looked great on the website. The sommelier was very friendly and knowledgable. The food was not so great, we had ordered the rib eye and it was just purely fat on the dish with some cream sauce on top. My boyfriend actually spit out a piece into his napkin and the rest was basically left on the dish. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and pretty tasty. The waiter had suggested the octopus which ended up being the worse dish on the menu. By the end of our meal I wanted to order dessert but my boyfriend said it wasn't even worth it at that point to try anything else The bar was great for drinks but we should have probably stopped there. Overall would return for drinks but not a meal.
Food quality was creative but not tasty. Not memorable for much but the view. We tried the desert to give them a chance to make up for two weak entree's but the best dessert on the menu was lacking as well. Fortunately, my date was my wife so I won't loose her over this, and at least our waiter was passionate. The walk from the elevator to our reserved table was long and scenic. My date thought it was a little dark for her liking but the Martinis which we specially requested were good. But then again it's hard to screw up grey goose. Martinis were not on the cocktail menu but they were gracious enough to make em. The only thing I would recommend is the egg plant appetizer. Simple but tasty. Overall a 2 star experience. Maybe an extra star for our Martinis but you'll have to ask.
Service was terrible, they overbooked the restaurant and initially sat us in a cramped vestibule.  Food is good but not fantastic and it is not worth the lofty price.  This is not the 42 of old with the nice dinning room and views.  They are only using the old bar, which is now cramped with tables.  The views are not great from this portion of the floor.  To add insult to injury, after bad service and overpriced food, I had to pay $10 to park at the Ritz.  Overall not worth the wait or the price.
Was there for an event on rooftop that was catered by the 42 restaurant. Great view and great appetizers. Will definitely come back... Another date spot added to the list.
Location - great. Downtown White Plains at the top of the Ritz. Valet parking available. Atmosphere - contemporary casual. Décor is modern but warm and comfy. View - killer. You can see for miles in every direction Service - attentive, prompt and efficient Wine list - varied and somewhat eclectic. Sommelier is on hand to guide you to a selection that matched your food and budget. Food - very good. Lots of tapas selections. One can pretty much do a meal of small plates and have a culinary excursion.  We worked our way through Tony's CLAMS Casino (a little linguice with herbs and breadcrumbs) a charcuterie platter (featuring Spanhish Jamon ham), and CHOURICO ASSADO (spicy chorizo sausage flambéd at the table) and our first bottle of wine.  We then went off the deep end and ordered full  entrees, including the 10oz sirloin (done perfectly), Fried Rice (with your choice of chicken, pork or duck) and the Halibut, (delicately prepared with a mango-pepper sauce, pickled mushrooms and a hint of mint). Dessert - yes, we pigged out. Nibbled at LEMON Cheesecake with a brown butter caramel sauce,  Crème Brûlée DOUGHNUTS with a vanilla pastry Cream and my fav, The BAR = OVALTINE Mousse, peanut butter crunchy, and vanilla ice Cream. We needed to be rolled out. We will definitely be back.
I wanted to find a nice place for my husband and I to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. We were planning to come up to White Plains (where we got married) so I thought 42 would have the nicest atmosphere. We made a 6:30pm dinner reservation when it was still daylight out. We got a little dressed up and I was surprised to see some people in jeans and sneakers there. Oh well. We looked better than them. ANYWAY... As this was for a special occasion, we wanted to go all out. We ordered a few cocktails. My husband kept striking out though as each cocktail he requested they were sold out of. But he was able to settle on a few that were in stock. Our waiter was helpful in helping us pick out our cocktails since sometimes those descriptions are like, huh, what? We ordered the bread basket which came with delicious dipping sides and also the potatoes on the tapas menu which were great and spicy. I ordered the special that  night which was salmon and my husband ordered the chicken. The salmon was delicious and cooked just right. At this point the sun was setting and we switched places so I could have my turn looking out the window at the spectacular view. We ordered dessert and also the iced coffee for two which is made at your table in this cool contraption thing. The iced coffee was delicious and I had The Bar which was great. My husband had the donuts and they were amazing too. By the time we left it was dark out so it was so nice seeing the change of scenery as we ate our meal. I liked that the waiter let us take our time and we didn't feel rushed out. Minus one star because the place is pricey and while the food is good, I think a lot of that price is based on the restaurant being in the Ritz Carlton and the spectacular view you get. Highly recommend it though for a special occasion!
Last night we went back for our 5 month anni but this time just for drinks. We were greeted by friendly staff members and decided on our drinks. The main bartender came up to us to take our order, Wellington. The name does not match the character. He was the prime show at the bar. Made a shot on the house for everyone at the bar and customized my husbands fav- Old Fashioned with his own unique twist to it. Lit the orange peel on fire and put it in the drink. He's great at what he does. The other bartender was amazing as well just not as animated, Christina. She gave a personal touch to her service - talked about her adorable daughter which I appreciated. We love this place and plan on going back for as long as we live in WP.
CLASSLESS! I was in the White Plains area to celebrate a close friend's Birthday - We were dressed very well, to walk into a place & see the staff wearing sneakers. The bar area was incredibly small & uncomfortable. The music was blasting so loudly I could not hear the bartender, nor was I able to be heard to order a cocktail. So we walked right out. Overall this place was Incredibly Tacky!
A fine dinner on a Saturday night. Our evening began with two choice Tapas Crispy Calamari & Shrimp Jalapeno with tartar sauce was uniquely excellent - a highlight not to be missed. As was the Drunken Burgers. Two neatly packed - freshly medium mini burgers. One bite and the hidden ketchup evenly oozes out. Thoroughly enjoyed. Our mains - while very good - were not as exciting as the Tapas choices. From the somewhat limited Entree Menu we selected the Branzino with roasted peanut potatoes which did not disappoint. Nor did the fresh Veggie Paella. However - upon our return - we plan on experimenting more with the Tapas selections. Service was fine. Views from 42 speak for itself. We used a Groupon voucher which provided tremendous savings. More importantly - thankfully unlike past Groupons here - no limits on the menu. We left smiling...
The bar was nice but a little smaller than I first anticipated. The bar service was great and very professional. They have a very impressive wine list from all over the world. We just came back from a trip to Greece and even found Greek wine on the menu. Ended up ordering an excellent bottle of Bordeaux region wine. Live in Manhattan so I would not go out of my way but would go beck again if in Westchester
Lived in White Plains for over a year & regret not coming here earlier for Happy Hour. Great prices, $1 oysters, & friendly & attentive waitress. We got here before the rush & found seats no problem. Would and will definitely return for the Happy Hour. (Wish there was healthier food selections on HH menu) but other than that, great place!
Wow i can't believe I forgot to write about this place-- went for a holiday lunch for work almost a year ago and I guess I wrote the review in my head but never on here... ANYWAY! So it was a group of 12 of us, made reservations for lunch with the price fix menu of app, entree and dessert choices. All sounded amazing when I looked at the menu and thus chose to eat here. Also the drinks sounded banging so I couldn't resist.  Arrived and were seated promptly, they took our jackets, etc.  Drinks were aplenty, with red and white wine and everyone's choice of mixed cocktails.  I had the pear & sage martini which really blew me away. It was so fantastic, that following weekend I went to the liquor distributor to buy Grey Goose Le Poire, pear liquor and fresh sage to make my own [they were nothing in comparison of course.] Food was a mix and i cannot remember all the app types, but we had some sort of pasta w lamb sausage for an app, there was a soup and salad i think too.  Entree I had mushroom risotto with various types, and there was also portugese chicken or a skirt steak?  Dessert was flan, or pumpkin churros. I thought the service was pretty on point and they kept drinks coming when we were empty, and gave us enough time to eat and drink between courses.  Overall, I would most definitely come back and closer to night time so I can appreciate the view and lights in the evening.  Yes it was pricey but hey, thanks work for footing the holiday bill!
Food very good. Try the eggplant tapas. Beautiful decor. Service verrrrrrrrry slow. Took a while to even get the menus.
I was excited at the possibility of dining with a new lady friend while watching the sunset. When I called and spoke to a man who turned out to be event coordinator David Dalow, I was assured of a table with spectacular sunset view. Upon arriving, we were greeted by a rude host and were shown to our table. I quickly noticed that the dining room faces east not west! I did not dine in the restaurant that night, and nor will I ever. The fact that they would lie to a guest about something that could have made me look like a fool is DESPICABLE. Given the ethical standards with which they run their business, I predict a slow painful demise for the current management.
We came over a year ago and the food was just meh, we liked the tapas at Bellota but felt that 42 really fell short with quality and originality.  The chef has changed his menu (more tapas more approachable) and his style and OMG glad he did! The Happy Hour is not to be missed and if you go on a weeknight and early you won't be swamped.  The $1 oysters are really fresh and the wines by the glass are respectable for 1/2 price.  All in all the wine list is great but very over priced (like a 350 to 400% mark up on EVERY SINGLE WINE!!!!) but it's the Ritz Carlton so ok...I get it.  The view is still spectacular but the restaurant vibe is much more casual.  The tapas are amazing but the entrees looked a bit boring so we opted for all tapas. PROS: Wonderful bread basket and spreads, octopus was very tender and well spiced (if you don't like spice this isn't for you).  Fried lobster managed to still be moist????  Major accomplishment there! The chorizo has a great presentation and it super flavorful and the cheese selection is very tasty. Service is attentive but tapas came out all at once at first despite us asking to have it spaced out. CONS: Pepper steak was bland and had a weird green pepper taste even though the server swore there were no green peppers in it. Shrimp (I think Piri Piri) were a salt lick!  no kick just salt (on the do not repeat list). The sliders look great so I think next time we will try those.  All in all a fun time with really interesting tapas but it will break your bank!  We had a groupon for $100 but if it were full price we would've dropped $190 on 6 tapas, bread and a bottle of moderately (for their list) priced wine.
Why Come Here? Fantastic views, food fit for foodies and their grandmas, Westchester's best special occasion restaurant 42 is so named due to it's perch on the 42nd floor of the Ritz-Carlton Westchester. If you've been to White Plains or anywhere else in Westchester, you probably realize that not only does this make it the tallest building in the county, but also that few other buildings stand anywhere near its height. Which means 42 boasts sweeping views in all directions of tree-lined Westchester, Long Island Sound and even Manhattan in the distance. The two-story, floor-to-ceiling windows also ensure that even if you can't snag a seat by the window, you'll still be able to take in the vista. Now when you describe a restaurant with the words "view," "hotel" and "Westchester,"  "Great Dining Experience" probably isn't the next term to come to mind.  And yes, many aspects do reek of your typical hotel dining experience including a long stroll through the Ritz-Carlton lobby, a trying-too-hard-to-be-sleek white column and chandelier filled dining room and the requisite large group celebrating the deal they just closed on the company tab. But once you get past that, you'll find 42 has created what is probably Westchester's best restaurant for special occasions (in my case, it my Mother's birthday). It begins with great service. The waiters are attentive and ours did a terrific job walking us through a large menu which includes many ingredients the average hotel diner is unlikely to be familiar with. He was also very helpful in describing their artisan cocktail program, where many cocktails were much more impressive than they read on the list. Make sure you try at least one. When it comes to the food, the menu may be pricey with most entrees in the mid-$30s, but hey it's the Ritz, it's got a sweet view and the menu is solid all the way through (we tried about a dozen dishes among us). There's a large array of options including dips, crudos, apps, pastas and main with a varying level of sophistication which allows 42 to offer something to please every palate. My group, which included my my not-exactly adventurous grandmother, slightly more daring parents and always looking to be surprised self, was the perfect testament to this. Below are my top picks from what we had: 7 Spice Bison (4/4 stars) Bison burgers are growing in popularity, but after trying this I expect to see more steaks on menus. The meat was incredibly tender and the crusting of spices added a sweet-spiciness. Worth the trip up to White Plains alone. Arroz Pato (3/4 stars) Arroz pato is often more rice than duck, but not here. A huge, tender and juicy duck breast comes on a bed of forbidden rice with smokey, sweet and spicy sauces. Definitely a definite must order if you're into duck. Duck Liver Tortellini (3/4 stars) The brown butter and fatty liver are flavorful and rich, although this is tempered somewhat by the fresh ramps. If you can find someone to share it with, go for it! Octopus Crudo (2/4 stars) Big hunks of perfectly cooked octopus. The menu says "lots of lemon" and isn't joking around. It could be toned down a bit to let the octopus stand on its own, but it's still quite enjoyable. PFC (Portuguese Fried Chicken) (2/4 stars) This dish is all about the sweet, spicy and tangy Portuguese spices which create a great flavor combo. Unfortunately the chicken itself was a little bit dry. Maybe you'll have better luck.
Please do not come here expecting true tapas. Really- a cheeseburger as tapas? Seems to me that the service is nice, ambiance is casual, great views, but the cuisine is trying to accommodate Westchester palates. To me this means that the menu is a mess- sort of a mash-up of a diner and some other cuisine of I-don't-know-what-country. Sorry-I think the hype around this place lead me to expect better. But a nice staff.
Great food, great ambience, great service, great views.... I had the shrimp cocktail (tiger jumbos) and the beat salad to start.  Both were amazing.  I had the halibut entree which was prepared to perfection and garnished with scallops and a yummy sauce.  Get the bread basket: the manchego biscuits and the other breads are amazing, along with the oils/spreads.  The desserts here were great too.  This is a must try, if you are in the Plains.
My family took me here for Mother's Day dinner. We were quickly seated in a room that didn't appear to be part of the regular restaurant as the decor wasn't as nice as the front of the place. Service was attentive. The view was nice given that you were looking over White Plains. Three of us got the Prix Fixe menu at $36 each. The other diner ordered off the regular menu. Food was fine, nothing spectacular. The prices were on the high side. All in all, it was fine but I wouldn't return.
This is going to be two reviews in one and they both get 5 stars.  I really thought this place was impeccable from service to food to wine selection to views to ambiance.  And one time was for lunch, the other for dinner. For dinner - which I had with my mother and was my first experience -  we were sat by the window in one of the more private areas of the restaurant.  It was perfect and private and quite the view!  The service was impeccable, not stuffy and the perfect amount of attention and graciousness.   I had the asparagus a la plancha while my mother had the fennel pollen cavatelli.  Both were absolutely delicious!  The cavatelli had just a bit of spice behind it and the asparagus was perfectly grilled.  My mom then had the salmon while I had the skirt steak for our entrees.  The skirt steak was cooked perfectly and the salmon was quite yummy and light.  We decided to both have the carrot cake trifle which was just phenomenal.  I do not like carrot cake but this one was just amazing!!  My mom LOVES carrot cake and she thoroughly enjoyed it even more! For lunch, my coworker and I sat in the main dining room which was surrounded by windows with high ceilings and felt so light and aerie.  This time I had the beet tartar, which was quite yummy with the yuzu yogurt! Then I had the smoked paccheri which I thought I would enjoy because of the poached egg and guanciale but alas I did not.  I can't fault the restaurant for my own choice.  For my tastes, it was too much tomato (and I'm not a huge tomato sauce fan) and too al dente for the pasta (again, not my tastes).  But for osmeone who enjoys both those aspects, this dish would be perfect!  Again, I had to have the carrot cake because it was just soooo yummy! Great experience and this place would be perfect for an anniversary dinner or something special being celebrated.  Definitely would love to go back!
You're at the top of the Ritz Carlton with spectacular views of New York which is great! But wait, didn't you come up here to eat? Ahh, strategic distraction from the high prices that surpass the food. 4.5 stars goes to the bar for good drinks and the knowledgable bartenders who are willing to create anything to your preference. The food was ok (3 stars) but nothing truly stood out except for how small the portions were considering I was still hungry when the check came. In conclusion, my advice is to come up for a drink or two during happy hour and go for dinner somewhere else.
This was our second time there - this time on an expired Groupon.  Both times I made the reservation I requested a window table.  Both times we did not get it and there were open tables available.  Last night was our last time. We sat down and were there a few minutes before anyone came over.  This should not happen at this caliber of restaurant.  We were given an amuse bouche after a bit and had not finished it when our appetizers arrived.  This should be better planned.  The staff stands around by the table listening to your conversation and it is annoying.  They could make themselves less conspicuous.  There was a good wait time in between the apps and the entree.  The food is delicious, I have to give them that.  The desserts were bland. We tried to pay with our expired Groupon of $175.00 and they refused to accept it, saying that you have to eat off the Groupon Menu (which is different).  The Groupon clearly states that you get the full value of what you paid, not a discounted amount as if we used it for the Dinner for 4 with a bottle of wine (promotional value $321.00).  42 refused to honor the voucher.  Groupon refunded us the amount today, with no problem. A restaurant with better service and great food would be Thomas Henkelmann located at The Homestead Inn in Greenwich.
I had heard many locals from the Westchester area rave about this place. How fabulous the views were ....how great the food was......so came here for dinner with a few friends a couple of months ago. Has a bar/lounge area as well. Price: It's an upscale, fine dining restaurant at The Ritz so yes, be prepared to dish out at least $120+ per head including a few drinks. Most of the nice, upscale restaurants in NYC run easily over a $100. So the price point was to be expected. Views: Nice, but nothing spectacular as it's just a whole lot of trees around this area of Westchester, so yes....you are high up....but not looking at anything significant. If facing the west from the bar, sunset might be nice. Service: Very good, staff was very polite & friendly. Food: Nothing impressed, I was not wow-ed  by it, in fact I have had better for less $. Average at best. The seafood ceviche was actually pretty lame, very bland. Torched Shrimp appetizer as good. Filet was fine too. Garlic manchego fries & the dessert were good as well. But over all....nothing extraordinary. Underwhelming, over rated, over hyped. Been there, done that....but wouldn't bother coming back.
Aesthetically speaking, 42 is impressive and yet makes me feel as if I walked into the bar scenes in "Lost in Translation." 42 is, you guessed it, on the 42nd floor in the Ritz Carlton in White Plains. Doormen will greet you and servers will bow to your every whim. It's rehearsed, pricey, and typical. Though, there is a rather nice smoker's patio if I do say so myself - who wouldn't want to smoke on the top of a building? (Partially enclosed, of course). It's a swanky joint, with lots of dim lighting, forgetful music and expensive alcohol. Much like the film, I was dressed for the part (dress code rules apply in here) and a bit bored. Much to my chagrin, there was no Bob to my Charlotte. The crowd is here is much older than myself, by a good 20 to 30 years. If you want to see aging people try to strike a chord and love and impress each other by ordering cocktails, then this is your stop. Visually, the place matches up impressively with its swankiness. Perhaps, if it was more centered around my age range as opposed to aging financial analysts, I might've enjoyed myself more. Though, this place can certainly appeal to another crowd - just not me. Next time, I'll make it a Suntory time.
In the continuing effort to find a quality brunch with unlimited booze, 42 was the chosen spot this week. High atop the Ritz Carlton in White Plains, 42 is a swanky little spot. Despite this swankiness, all the busboys were wearing Red Chuck Taylor's. Didn't bother me, just an observation. The price fix 3 course Brunch special clocks in a $45 without tax or tip, and includes unlimited Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's.  The first thing I tasted was the Mimosa and it was quite fine. To start we were given an extremely fluffy croissant, and a bit of butter. The croissant was butter, light and delicious. First round came out. I ordered the salmon tartar, in a habanero vinaigrette oil.  It was VERY good. The salmon was smooth and fresh, the habanero gave just enough heat to cut the vinaigratte and the portion was surprisingly big. Most of my companions ordered the yogurt, and were disappointed. I tasted some, and though a bit bland didn't taste all that horrible to me, but almost universally it was panned. Also someone ordered the oysters (I tried my first one ever, not terribly impressed), and they were met with approval. Second round came out. I went with the "Unlimited Mussels in a spicy tomato broth". These were REALLY good. Despite my thinking I'd eat my sick with the unlimited mussels, I only got through two plates. But wow, these were really tasty. The sauce was fantastic. I'm a fan of heat, so I thought this was kind of mild, but it was full of flavor and after each plate I made sure to put the crunchy bread they gave me to good use soaking up the juice. Other plates around the table...steak and eggs, nutella pancakes and french toast. The steak and eggs was well received, though not overwhelmingly. French toast was also met with some lukewarm feelings. The pancakes though nearly EVERYONE loved. I don't like Nutella so didn't indulge, but everyone commented they were some of the fluffiest pancakes they'd ever had. Finally, desert and this may have been my favorite. The vanilla panna cotta was a knockout. Creamy vanilla beany- pannacotta, topped by peaches and then whip cream with a dusting of cinnamon. Man oh man. The peaches were sweet and mixed with the pannacotta perfectly. The whip cream was so dense it was almost like ice cream, and rich as hell. Overall, I was pleased with my food, though I can't say the same for the rest of my party. For the most part the service was good. We weren't rush and nobody hovered. Towards the end of the meal though our waiters and bus boys seemed to forget about us and they more or less forgot 3 out of the 4 coffees we ordered. Also, valet parking cost $10. Some people thought this was a bit exorbitant considering what we just paid for brunch. Overall, the experience was good. The view is truly amazing on a clear day, and the food is good. I would be willing to go back and try some of their dinner fare, but to be honest I would not do brunch here again. For a truly stellar brunch experience I'd recommend X20 in Yonkers. The food is far superior.
Ok food, good view, poor service. Our (Mother's Day) lunch for 3 started when the hostess told us that the table we'd requested wasn't available.  We had a 1pm reservation and when Spouse called on Friday to confirm, the reservationist said if we moved it to 1.30pm she could give us a window-side table on the mezzanine.  We get there on time, even a few minutes early, and the hostess says she sees the notes but the tables are first-come, first-served, they have no window tables available.  Spouse argues, says the restaurant told US to come later so we could have the table....hostess insists there's nothing available on the window on the main floor or the mezzanine, we'll have to settle for a table away from it.  As we are escorted to our table, we see a main-floor table for 4 by the window.  As we are sitting down in the mezzanine, we see a window-side table up there that's open.  Spouse goes back down to talk to the hostess, who insists that the main-floor table for 4 is actually a table for 5 (utter BS, it's barely big enough for 4 and is set for 4).  He holds his ground and insists, so she reluctantly gives us a window table.  REALLY, did we have to go through all that?  If the tables are first-come, and we're there when one is free, AND your people told us we could have it, why aren't we getting it? After that hassle, we had already decided we'd never return, and were just hoping for a good meal. Well....the waiter hands out menus with wet waterspots on them, then asks for our drink order.  We ask for a drink list.  He looks surprised, then goes scurrying away, brings back the wine/cocktails list and asks if we've decided.  Not unless we're speed readers, fool.  The menu has typos - "Aasparagus", "sweet potato, jalapeno hash"  (when it's sweet potato hash with jalapenos, not two separate preparations), one other I can't remember.  Sigh. So the food:  Spouse and his Mother split an acceptable fried green tomato and mozzarella appetizer, and a 'lobster cocktail" that's a tail and two claws for $21.  My spring salad doesn't come with half the vegetables it says are in it (no discernible carrot or asparagus) but is OK.  Spouse has a good piece of halibut over risotto, Mother likes her filet mignon (served with a fried egg on top.....interesting....and no Bordelaise sauce which the menu promised), I had an unexceptional "lemon" cavatelli with no taste of lemon, just a strong pesto....and weird mini-potato chips on top.  Spouse's beer is badly poured with a huge head, and when the waiter tops it up he makes the head even larger.  The busgirl seemed to have no other tables except ours, as she was hovering during each course - I think she came to the table five times waiting for Spouse, a slow eater, to finish his appetizer. Coffee and tea fine, though not generous (tiny one-cup pot of oolong tea); Mother's s'more dessert had no apparent marshmallows. I guess you could come for the view, if you want to fight for it, but don't come for the food or the service.  The food is not cheap and not at all exceptional; the service, though well-meaning, was very amateurish.
I was stuck in White Plains with my parents for an afternoon, and it seemed like every restaurant in the area had not-so-stellar reviews. We came here on the recommendation of a friend and honestly, I was not expecting much. The atmosphere was painfully cliche, almost a parody of what you expect when you hear "it's on the 42nd floor of the Ritz-Carlton." Stuffy, outdated, and trying-too-hard. There was one other party dining in the restaurant--at prime lunch time. I was concerned. Thankfully, the food was nothing like the awful ambiance! The complimentary bread basket was strangely excellent in its variety...things started to look up. I ordered a broccoli rabe cavatelli in cream sauce with preserved lemon. Honestly? PERFECTION! I do not say that often about pasta, trust. Cream sauce can often be too heavy, but this was impressively not so and made for a perfect lunch. I tried a bite of both my mom's sandwich (chicken, chevre, fig) and my dad's (pork tenderloin, avocado, queso blanco) and both were exceptional. The fries, oddly, tasted VERY similar to McDonald's fries...and who doesn't love McDonald's fries?! I couldn't believe that I had zero complaints about the food, and it wasn't super pricey either. It's a shame that the restaurant itself is so lame, this could be a perfect lunch spot if it would just loosen its collar a bit.
Excellent food, service, and especially views from 42 stories up.  I came here on a Saturday a little bit after they opened for the day (at 5 PM, that is) and it was nearly empty.  The hostess was VERY nice and took our reservation 15 minutes early.  We were seated RIGHT NEAR THE WINDOW... which is awesome if you want to get great views while you're eating a fine dinner.  Combined with the romantic ambiance, it is a match made in heaven.  The bread basket was absolutely divine, with at least 5 types of bread, 2 spreads and EVOO with parmesan. Now on to the entrée.  One of the specials was short rib with potatoes and parsnips (which was a bit pricey).  Both my grandmother and I ordered that and it came in less than 25 mins.  Easily the best short rib I have ever had.  We made a mistake by ordering two desserts; they were very large and fed two people.  Also my grandma ordered an espresso that she didn't finish - BIG MISTAKE.  Cost us $7. Not a place for a regular meal, but great for special occasions!
We ate at 42 as part of restaurant week.  The space and the view are awesome.  My wife said that it made her feel as if we were on vacation.  The service was attentive, but not quite as good as at other top tier restaurants.  Upon being seated, we were served an excellent basket of warm bread.   The cocktails were excellent and generous         There was a selection of $35 bottles of wine offered for restaurant week.  I thought that this was an especially nice touch because many restaurants try to make up some money on restaurant week on alcohol.   The appetizers were excellent. My wife and I had shrimp in piri-piri sauce.  The salad was good.   My skirt steak was excellent, served on a bed of decadently creamy polenta.  My wife really enjoyed her salmon.  One of our friends ordered vegan pallela and liked it.  Desserts were OK. The cheesecake was a bit deconstructed for me.  The fresh fruit and coffee were excellent. Just out of curiosity, I took a look at the regular menu.  If the altitude doesn't give you a nosebleed, the prices will.  Things are very expensive, elevating this to an expense account or special occasion venue.  They apparently have recognized this and had an insert to the menu listing specials at lower prices for weeknights. Overall, a very nice restaurant with an excellent view.  I would consider checking out the tapas bar and the weeknight specials menu.  For full retail, there are other restaurants that I might prefer for the same price.
Me and my girlfriend went there for restaurant week! Beautiful view and amazing food! A bit pricey if it wasn't restaurant week! Definitely a special occasion place to go to
Celebrated Valentine's Day early with dinner at 42. Despite our 5 p.m. reservation, we waited at the bar for over half hour for our table. We were very pleased with the romantic side by side seating, the chic, minimalist decor, and the skyline view. The crowd varied between the well-heeled to 20 somethings dressed in jeans and Nike uptowns, which I felt detracted from the sleek image 42 strives for. This place attempts to duplicate the upscale Manhattan chi chi experience, but fails miserably on food quality and inexperienced waitstaff. The cocktail menu was sparce and the dinner menu wasn't very innovative, and had only one vegetarian option. We both ordered the $42 market menu, which includes choice of soup du jour or ceasar salad, gnocchi, entre, and chocolate tart topped with caramel ice cream. The portions were laughably small. We appreciate the small portion / high price dining concept, but quality and innovation is key. 42 just doesn't get it. The three gnocchi were mushy and the tomato sauce was acidic, and tasted like it was from a jar. The halibut was average, but my husband's hanger steak was good. The chocolate tart wtih caramel ice cream lacked any punch. The best part of the meal was the passionfruit mojitos, and attempted good service. Luckily we had a gift card which covered most of the cost, so it wasn't a total loss. Definitely not worth the price. Would go back for drinks, but skip the meal.
Update 11/24/09:  Ok, so I'm a little late on the review about our dinner (see below).  Three words.  OH MY GOD.  It was fantastic.  (Definitely worthy of 5 stars now!!)  Anthony personally prepared us a 7 course meal that knocked our socks off and made us believers.  We're vegetarian and our food was incredibly creative and was truly to die for.  The beet salad was a stunner (I didn't even know you could do that with beets) and his selection of cheeses are fantastic.  Our main dish was a vegetable showcase, things you didn't know could happen with veggies.  WOW.  The Orange Creamsicle dessert is made at your table with liquid nitrogen, so be prepared to be the center of attention.  Super tasty and fun at the same time. We've been back many times since our original posts (below) and just love it.  It's really tasteful and not cheesy like many places in White Plains-- it has a more grown up, upscale city vibe (which is a treat in the 'burbs!).  Great thing is, even if you go for small plates and drinks, they prices are so reasonable that you'll pay the same as Elements or one of those cheesy pubs.  Drinks in the lounge there are great -- with great scotch, vodka, grappa, wine selections .  ENJOY!! Original entry on Fri 9/25:  Our rating is a mix of 2 and 4 stars. We went to the lounge for drinks and tapas, and really enjoyed the atmosphere and architecture - and of course, the beautiful view (especially for Westchester).  We were having a nice time and talking about how we'd have to bring all of our NYC friends here, since it had such great ambiance (even thoughtful lighting and swank furniture).  The staff picked up on us wanting to have the music a bit more relaxed and put on a nice lounge mix, even though we didn't say anything.  Very considerate. The negative came with the check, they changed a 7$ dish into a 14$ one without asking and they also added $2 per drink for "neat" scotch, even though the price listed on the menu for scotch was listed as $14 (for this particular brand).  This was really disappointing, as this charge wasn't listed on the menu or mentioned by the waitress.  Had we not checked, we would have been double charged for an error that the waitress made (with the food).  Apparently the extra neat charge is applicable, even though it's not mentioned anywhere.   The next day we called the general manager to give them our feedback (after all, we thought this would be our fave new haunt).  They said they'd "take care of us" next time, but said that it was their policy to charge $2 extra per neat drink, but they'll discuss it further with upper management to resolve the issue.  We'll update once they call us back, or IF they call us back. Overall, really nice place, just keep an eye on the check. UPDATE Sun, 9/27:  We just received a call from Anthony, the owner and head chef of 42 (and Peniche).  Not only was the $2 neat charge policy done away with, the day after our visit, but the staff was informed to be extra careful with entering food items in the system (to be sure the right portion is entered in).  He personally invited us to have dinner on the house, and he would cook for us.   Honestly, he didn't have to offer us anything -- the fact that our feedback was taken seriously (this went from a beverage manager, to the GM, to the owner at a staff meeting) really impressed us both.  My husband and I are the types that find a place we love, visit it frequently and spread the word about the establishment (and take our friends along with us).   We're really looking forward to going for dinner and returning to Yelp to give our favorite new digs 5 stars.  With Anthony's thoughtful phone call, we just bumped it up to 4.
A group of us came here for lunch on a Sunday during Restaurant Week.  Although the food was good (albeit not quite justifying the price tag if it weren't Restaurant Week), the service stood out as being quite mediocre for a high end restaurant.  The servers all seemed like they had been on the job for 2 weeks, so enough to get the training, but not enough to remember it all.  Silverware was placed down in a weird order, people were asked to order in an odd sequence, and diners were served in an odd sequence.  And we had to flag down people for water refills.  The dining room is very airy and the view is nice during the day time though.   When my fiance had come here with a regular before and they commented on the disjointed service, the host said that he had had a lot of turn over in staff and it was hard to find and train good servers.  Given the food and location this place has a lot of potential, but until their staff shapes up, it's a solid 3 stars.
A client took me here on my last night and it was great. I'm sure part of it is that she's a regular so she knows the chef and a lot of the staff. Needless to say, it's pricey...no surprise since atop the Ritz Carlton. The views are awesome on a clear day. As far as the food goes, it's good quality. It's been a few months now so sorry, no specifics. The drinks are pricey but they were pretty good. I doubt I'd go back on my own but I'm glad I was able to try it as a guest. :D
Very weird place.  On the one hand, it is a very gracious restaurant with fantastic views and great service.  The layout is weird and it's a little tricky to access.  The views of the city are awesome.   42 is well known as an upscale bar and I visited that portion of it.  MY REVIEW IS OF THE BAR AREA.  The bar area is DARK.  It is hard to see who you are talking to.  The lighter "lounge" area of the bar was rented out to a party so the rest of us were stuck in the dark.  But if the lounge is a "smokers area" as the other reviewer suggests, then what good is it?   The main bar area really does seem like something out of a bad movie. By the way, the Ritz hotel that houses 42 on it's 42nd floor also has a LOBBY bar with weekday evening specials and I had a lovely meal there with great ale.   I suspect there are people for whom 42 is a 5 star experience.  Seriously.  But some of us like to see the people that we are talking to.  If you end up in that vicinity, I'd recommend that lobby bar in the same building.  Or walk half a block to the corner of Main St. and check out that lovely corner restaurant/bar.
Went to this restaurant on a Tuesday evening. It wasn't busy at all. I hear it gets pretty packed on the weekends so be sure to make reservations far in advance. Overall the experience was very nice! I enjoyed the lounges and dining areas that overlooked Westchester and showed the city skyline in the horizon. The food was pretty good. Probably not the best in fine dining I've ever had, but still up to par. They got the richness and use of high quality ingredients down, but I thought it was a little on the salty side. The Quahog Raw Oysters were great! Sweet and a little salty... perfect! French Onion soup (I believe is a new addition/special) had great flavor despite being a little on the saltier side. The Wild Bass was fresh and melted in the mouth like butter and had a great array of shellfish like clams and mussels. I would recommend this dish. The fish was seasoned well and wasn't overly salty. Crescent Farm Pekin Duck Duck Duck was duck served in 3 ways hence duck listed 3 times... the first bite was delicious however became a bit heavy. But that would be a given with any duck dish as it is a pretty fatty meat. The skin was nice and crispy, and the meat was cooked to medium rare. Overall, I thought the dish was decent. The portions at this place are far larger than I would expect from a fine dining restaurant, so if you eat a lot this is your place to go! Price was okay also, the final bill for everything listed was around $100. The chef threw in a couple complimentary things like a small taste of lobster salad and little desserts at the end, so that was a great addition. It was a good experience! I would recommend anyone to try this place at least once.
So happy I chose to have my anniversary lunch here today!!! The $29 price-fixe lunch was well-worth it. The bread and oil to start is delicious, along with the decor. All 3 of my dishes were delicious, along with my Pomegranate & Rosemary Tea. The view alone was perfect. After hearing so many mixed reviews, glad to see my fellow diners were also impressed. Their motto is "It's different up here!". It truly is...see my pics so you can see how impressive this place truly is!
Pretty awful experience.  Came here with a groupon offer but unfortunately will not be back.  The ambiance is impressive but the food was pretty mediocre for the extremely high prices.  The menu options were limited.  Service was pretty awful and consisted of a young staff who were very unprofessional and did not know the basics of food service.  Our extra plates, cups, etc were not cleared from the table until we asked.  Overall they have a lot of work to do to meet the standards of their prices.
My visit to 42 started with thoughts that included, (me:) "Ugh, why is it taking so long for us to be seated?" and (my BF:) "What's up with the Real Housewives in here?" We did not have a reservation, and while we were told we'd be seated right away, we definitely waited 20+ minutes AND the crowd was odd an mix: older folks (senior citizen status), kids no older than 17, and Westchester crowd of folks that want to be, but don't make the city's meat packing cut. HOWEVER, once we were seated and the food became to come out, I was highly pleased. Both my boyfriend and I ordered the pre fix, four course manager's special. So, with that said... The food: awesome! They started us out with a bite size tuna roll from the chef that I wish was on the menu: order me two rolls of THAT now! The corn chowder is served with chopped popcorn on the side; I can appreciate creative plating! I highly recommend the cod over the steak, and leave room for dessert: the chocolate tart with ice cream was delish! The service: besides waiting too long for a table (that had been empty the whole time we had waited), our waiter and busmen were helpful, insightful, and warm. The drinks: womp womp! This is why 42 gets a star knocked off. The drinks sucked! I ordered the 'Batida' - a blend of cachaca and strawberry puree - and it was a bit tart. Stay away from the passion fruit mojito: simply not good! The view: I don't even know how many counties you can see from 42, but it's a lot! Def. a great spot for a romantic dinner. I'd definitely return pending I get a table faster and 42 gets a new bartender.
Life is good. Twice in one week I had the pleasure of dining at 42. Earlier in the week, we enjoyed a fantastic working lunch that make our business meeting extraordinarily successful. From Snapper to Risotto, our group enjoyed the meal and service thoroughly.   Tonight my wife and I went back to 42 with dear friends for a special evening of atmosphere and fine dinning. We got both. From the reception desk to the wait staff to our gracious host, Anthony, we could not have had a better night. The drinks, appetizers and meals were beyond expectation.  Mary and I had the citrus salad, bachalau ravioli and salmon. All Superb! Billy and Kristina raved about their veal and shrimps dishes respectively.  Topping the night off was a very special dessert. The combination of the view, professional staff and Anthony's food make 42 a 100!!!!
This is a fancy and maybe over the top restaurant. The food is good, rich and expensive. The best part is the service and the view obviously. Try the truffle risotto, if you can afford it.
This review is for the bar area. First things first...it is a beautifully laid out restaurant with a great view (as the name implies, it is on the 42nd floor of the Ritz-Carlton.) my drink was great, but a word of warning, they charge NYC prices for drinks...and food...here. Drinks are $15, if you go for happy hour, they are $12. The four tapas plates we shared were all pretty good, nothing spectacular.
I came here with my boyfriend and his family a little while ago. They also happen to know the owners here. We were seated right by these very large windows overlooking White Plains and Westchester county. The view was quite amazing, and it was beautiful being able to see the sunset while enjoying your meal. They have a fairly large menu. We shared a few starters and also received a few extra items, courtesy of the chef. I thought the strawberry salad was interesting, but I thought there were one too many elements on that dish. It probably could've done without the champagne sorbet. I would like to mention that their basket of bread was quite amazing and I loved their thin breadsticks. On to the mains: I had the summer corn risotto, which was very good. We got 3 sides for the table: the corn (also very good), the truffled mushrooms (excellent), and the roasted peppers (I thought these were amazing!). My fellow diners also enjoyed their meal, though we did think the service was a little slow and lacking. One of my fellow diners had commented that while this kind of slow and unresponsive service may be acceptable in Westchester county, it would really not be tolerated at all in a fine dining establishment in NYC. I would sadly agree to this. The food was quite good but the service didn't quite cut it. I would really give this place 3.25 stars for some very stellar dishes. The factors that are preventing me from giving this place a higher score are that some of the dishes are too cluttered and, obviously, the service needs to be improved on just a bit.
A concern has been raised about waitstaff. There is just something "polished" about the waitstaff at high end Manhattan restaurants... that certain level of refinement and discretion that lets you know that you are at Daniel or Jean Georges was not present. Still, service was very good and I agree with other reviewers that we were also not rushed even though we were getting through our meal somewhat slowly. We started off with a champagne toast. Appetizers were excellent. Duck breast and lobster main dishes were well executed. Portions were generous and we were too full to order dessert. No matter how great the view, how good the food, how shiny the utensils, that je ne sais quoi present in Manhattan and Beverly Hills was not present here.
Some friends decided to try it one friday night after making reservation. This is a high end place..great view..fancy food..(notice i ddint say good food). This place should be shut down, my 24 oz ribeye was more like 16oz, and it was sinwey and tastless.Lets not talk about the prices, way overpriced. We also saw the chef arguing with some staff, not a very pleasant moment.Stay away...your better off although not by much at blt.White Plains continues its plethora of new restaurants, all one worse than the other espicially when it comes to the QUALITY and AUTHENTICITY of the food.
We received a groupon to 42, and had a great time. The views are great, even if you're not sitting right at the windows (mostly 4 tops at the windows). The service was great, without being overbearing. They added a few additional options to their "prix fixe" select menu, so that you really do get a chance to try the different options that the restaurant offers. Overall, quite delicious and a fun night out. We read prior yelp complaints about portion size, but we found them to be quite appropriate (this isn't the cheesecake factory). But, you will be charges taxes and a service charge based on the $160+ meal value, approx $50...along with paying for any wine/cocktail/coffee that you choose to order. Which all makes perfect sense, and is appropriate for the level of service you receive, but don't be surprised by it. The cocktail lounge was pretty busy and a fun scene even for a Wednesday night. Great spot, will be back to check out their regular menu.
Really great view and really good service - they make you feel like a royalty.  Though have to say the food was good but didn't wow me either.  I found the portions to be too small although hard to say whether this is how all Spain food are served or not(my first time). Overall I would recommend this place, if you want to take your significant other to a nice place in Westchester or for any special celebration.  I mean, you don't go to a hotel restaurant up on the high floor just for the food reason alone.
Went with 3 others for Restaurant Week including my mom. We had a wonderful evening. The setting is spectacular. The decor modern but understated & comfortable. The service outstanding! Giovanni was our waiter & he had a lovely way about him answering all of our many questions :) the food was at times ok, good, very good & one great thing was my dessert the Chocolate Bread Pudding. I don't even like dessert & never order it. This was amazing! So, the view is worth the price alone. The place is sheik but also romantic. They accomodated us beautifully. The most impressive part of our night was the end. I did not notice 20% gratuity had been added to the bill and had left 20% on the total more than doubling the tip. Giovanni & the Maitre Dee arrived at the table to give me the $ back because they saw we had misread the bill. Pure class & respect for a group of regular girls from the Bronx. I would go back again & again but would like to see more development of flavours in the food as it was not up to par with the rest of the experience which was superb!
the only good thing going for this place is the view-poorly managed restaurant-mediocre wine list-slow service-ok food-confused concept(trying to be very serious and ritzy in the dining room with a dj blasting loud tunes in the lounge area next to it).... this place has the signs of a struggling business written all over..... 90% of all tables were using groupon deals...
Prior to visiting 42 The Restaurant, I read both good and bad reviews on Yelp, and while I could ascertain the criticisms for price and the applauses for the views/location, reviewers seemed to gloss over the entire experience. Thought it might be noteworthy to tell my story. Listen up, 42. My mother-in-law purchased a Groupon to 42, and we made a reservation 3 weeks (!) in advance for 5pm on a Saturday. That morning, we called to confirm our reservation which surprisingly, they didn't have logged in their systems. My mother-in-law spoke with the Manager, who had very little sympathy for us and only after some "reconfiguring of the dining room" (admitting fault would be too easy, no?), did they find a table for us. We arrived, sat at our table, ordered predinner cocktails as the sun was setting. Beautiful. Our waiter, an odd bird that looks like he was plucked straight from a Fellini film, hands us the special "Groupon Menu", which looks NOTHING like the regular menu I'd been stalking online. Isn't the point of Groupon to bring customers to your establishment who wouldn't otherwise be there, wow them with your food so they come back?? The menu was blasse and generic - a shadow of the menu they serve to "non-Groupon" folks. The waiter kept approaching our table; we were obviously still looking at the menu and enjoying the view. When we told him we wanted to linger with our cocktails a few minutes longer, he waited a whole 4 minutes before returning. OK, I get it, you've got reservations waiting on your half-empty dining room. My meal - Beet Salad with Goat Cheese & Hazelnuts, Butternut Squash Soup, Portugese Fried Chicken and Donuts with Dulce de Leche. The beet salad I was envisioning had creamy goat cheese to mellow the earthy taste of the beets. Not so. The goat cheese was hard and sharp; I tasted Feta. I called over the waiter and asked about the type of cheese. He went to the kitchen, came back and said "goat cheese". I still wasn't convinced so I asked if I could know what type. He goes into the kitchen and comes back apologizing, saying that it was in fact Feta, not goat on the salad. Here you say, "What's the big deal? Feta, Goat, same thing". But its not the same taste at all. You can't fool foodies, and 42 is hyped as a foodie destination. Do you think your patrons eat without regard to what they're eating? I couldn't help but feel mislead by both the menu and the waiter; I definitely wouldn't have ordered the salad if it had included Feta. Sadly, the butternut squash wasn't butternut squash either. It was pumpkin. Butternut squash is sweet, this soup had the odor of pumpkin with too much nutmeg. At this point, I'm wondering if everything on this "special" Groupon menu was a farce. If you change/substitute the prime ingredients, change the menu!! The PFC was good, I could complain but I won't, and the doughnuts were very good as per another yelper's recommendation. As for my last impression of 42, well credit is due to that bumbling idiot of a waiter. He practically throws the bill on the table, mumbles "It was great to serve you, hope you come again" as he's walking off to attend to someone else. My father-in-law takes out his glasses to see the totals, and the waiter comes rushing out. "Do you need help understanding the bill?" My father-in-law says, "No! No, I got it" but the waiter proceeds to point out the pretotal of the bill before the Groupon, underlining this and the fact that he wants to get tipped on the pre-Groupon total of $450. What's the takeaway from this long-winded complaint letter. Customer service definitely needs improving from the Management down to the Wait staff; Food on this special Groupon menu should be more aligned with the regular menu; This is NOT a foodie destination. Sorry, White Plains, 42 won't make you a super star. Was it worth $100 per person after Groupon? Nope. Was it worth $150 per person before Groupon? I'll never know. Never going back.
This review is for the Groupon $80 four course menu for two.  I had the corn chowder and Branzino. The fried rice with soft boiled egg was a pleasant surprise. Hubs loved smokey shrimp app and steak was tender and flavorful. Service attentive and appropriate. Elegant decor and flavors. I can highly recommend High Tea Cocktail.  Desserts ah-mah-zing. Not super psyched that they tacked on gratuity but must be necessary for groupon customers. As with all Westchester restaurants, points off for service.
There was a fight in this place last week ...... food is ok...... very expensive......to loud....to crowded......to small.....at bar you have to wait to get near the bar which can take 15-20 min to even get a drink....but it has a nice view
I have been here many times.  Almost always sponsored by industry event.  Food can be outstanding to awful.  Will say th chef is temperamental and often delays the service for presentation.  Smaller the party the better the service
Went here for restaurant week.  The first course was delicious.  It was a beet salad with pears. The second course was a chunk of seared meat, laughably called steak.  It was only seared on 5 sides.  They missed a side so I was essentially served partially raw food when I asked for medium rare.  It was a bit chewy but the taste was good.  The salad was ok.  Dessert was panna cotta which was OK but it was served in a jar, with a lot of other ingredients so it was hard to eat. A few tables down, some gentlemen had ordered refills on their ice teas with there obviously not restaurant week menu (the huge seafood platter was the clue).  They were charged 4 bucks for each refill.  Diner beware.  Don't order  a thing with out asking what it costs! The service was pleasant, but the waiter's English was lacking and he brought out one wrong dish, and then was a bit reluctant to correct it, but in the end did, My friend had the baked chicken, and bread pudding for dessert and liked everything. The view is so spectacular here, you can see Long Island, Long Island Sound, NYC, the mountains in NJ, that I will be back.  Most likely at restaurant week, or I may try the happy hour.  Everyone wants to be happy!
Really nice place. I enjoyed the skyline view of White Plains. The food was very good, as well as the Sommelier who presented us with a nice bottle of very good wine. I plan on returning there soon..
Every meal is a work of art! Can't go wrong here! Worth every penny!
Crab risotto, fennel cavatelli with lamb sausage, arroz pato and pumpkin belgian waffle...all with a great view in a beautiful setting.
The best ambiance/view in White Plains! I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and it was absolutely delicious from start to finish. He loved loved loved the Ribeye steak! I had the fish and chips which was pretty much flavorless (don't get it!.) But I have been there a number of times so I won't let this one dish spoil my review.
We went and the only reason any one would go here is the "panache" of being the tallest bldg in White Plains and the "views" along with being in a Ritz-Carlton brand hotel/residence.  The food was average and in a first in my life, braised short rib that was tough and not soft. If you cannot get braised short rib right (even with a different style of making it) then you should just close shop.  Hard to hail wait staff. too many elevators.
Having eaten here last night I now comprehend where the name 42 derives from - On a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest possible rating the service here gets a 4 and the food gets a paltry 2.   Hence 4-2.   (OK maybe the service gets a 6 (4+2) but I am not going any higher on the food). Quite disappointing given the stellar view from the dining area and the expectations surrounding a restaurant on a Ritz-Carlton property. Even more of a let down since the friend I dined here with will be going out of country for a while where his upcoming culinary experiences will  include freeze-dried Meatloaf and powdered soy milk. Just mediocre food all around and neither of us finished any plate that was placed in front of us.  This included the Halibut which we both ordered (by coincidence not by design), the palate teasers of fried goat cheese balls (they were room temperature and bland), the spicy grilled shrimp (better at AppleBees) and even the bread is better at Cheesecake Factory (just around the corner and 1/3 the price). The waitstaff is reasonably attentive but our waiter was absurdly formal.  Actually he was ridiculously stiff to the point of him being a caricature of a fine dining waiter in a grade B-movie. He made me slightly uncomfortable. Here is what I recommend: find the most inexpensive thing on the menu and take in the view then head over to Cheesecake Factory for a reasonably priced, fresh, fun meal.
creative , delicious , and A-1 service From appetizer to dessert my experience was wonderful!! I can recommend the following: fried lobster on homemade cream spinach, lemon caviteli  in a homemade pesto ,fish and chips, and my personal favorite the pear and beet salad served with greek yogurt  , For sweets the homemade citrus filled donut and the s'mores desert was great way to end a great meal, Thank you to all the staff for your expertise as well as making us feel like family
I have a history with Anthony's food that goes back over 10 years.  Everything at 42 is made to delight.  The wine selection is amazing and the deserts very unique and delicious, service and staff are great.  This is a restaurant for special occasions because it will be an experience.
This is my third time here for drinks. View is nice. This time I went on a Thursday night and it was empty. I'm not sure what the busy nights are. But its nice if you want to sit back and lounge and catch up with friends. Lots of cougars though!
Beautiful decor, great views. Good service. Can't think of any complaints, but can't think of anything special about the meal I had here. Just seems like generic upscale dining.
One of my managers decided to take us all out for lunch. The view is spectacular at noon but I bet it is breathtaking at sunset.  I ordered the Fish Sandwich.  There was nothing special about it.  I wish I had opted for the prix fixe.  I split the Rocky Road dessert with some coworkers.  It is chocolate cheesecake frozen in liquid nitrogen with marshmallow and toffee ice cream.  The concept is interesting but the execution...not exactly palate pleasing.  I will definitely give this place another chance during dinner hours.
Most people either love it or hate it.  Went for dinner twice, and have been to the bar for happy hour five times or so.  Not many people know you can get a $5 glass of wine during happy hour while watching the sun set.  I recommend happy hour here.
Creative and delicious cuisine.  Sat at a table looking out over White Plains, Long Island Sound, and Long Island as the sun slowly faded.  Professional and pleasant service by all we encountered.  I haven't visited other places in White Plains and if returning I'm not sure I need to.  42 was a great dining experience.  I can't say if it measures up to the Manhattan experience,  but we had a very nice evening without leaving the hotel.
The service was great and awesome view on the clear night. I gave four stars, it's because my pork dish is a bit tough to eat. It was not tender as I expected it to be. But the rest of the dishes were good. My family enjoyed their dishes.
I went to 42 for Restaurant Week and I am very happy with my experience.  The sun was still out when we sat on our table, it was really nice to see the view of the "skyline" of White Plains from way up top.  The service was impecable and food was delicious.  Bellini Martini is a definite must, food portion is in the small side, but aren't they always in all fancy places?
Everything was perfect--from the excellent waiter who made sure everything was taken care of, to our delicious food (we got a wonderful meal for two option and it tasted phenmenal), to the beautiful view of the skyline. Make sure you make reservations FAR in advance, maybe avoid on Valentine's Day (I can only imagine how crowded it will get!), and dress up to add to the classy feel. I'm a New Yorker, so venturing into White Plains for some fine dining made me uneasy at first, but I still insist 42 made the best steak I've ever had.
I would probably say 3 1/2 stars. Have been here 3 times now, and it seemed to have fallen off a little. FIrst of all, I'm not sure if they are upscale dining venue or a place that just wants people to come for the view. You may sit down next to people dressed  in suit and ite and at the next table are people in flip-flops and cut offs. Strange. Anyway, the food was good, but our salads went to the couple at the table next to us. The couple on the other side got a check that wasn't theirs and so it went with the service. They also need to tell the busboys that they don't need to hover wanting to take your wine glass or plates away. The last thing I wish they would do is get BLACK napkins. You're outside Manhatten, it's Fall and most everyone has on dark clothing. White napkins on dark slacks just leave lint. Next time I stay at the Ritz I might try somewhere else.
Review for the bar only. I went here with a friend after dinner in White Plains. Atmosphere see,Ed nice, bar was a bit small and the music was weird, but it picked up after 11 pm. My troubles started after we left. I had purchased a round of drinks for my friend and I and the bill was $22. Fine. Paid that and left a $5 tip on my credit card ($27 together). Later I went to check the bill and saw my card had been charged $39. For 2 drinks?! I called the restaurant and spoke with someone who told me that the person who handles credit card issues wasn't in, to leave my name, number, and the last 4 digits of my credit card because the person "had a lot of people to call" and it would make her life easier when finding my bill. How many people are your bartenders scamming??  Anyways the person never called, going to call again and see if they can just remove the charge all together because WTH. Never coming back here, and if I do I'll make sure to pay CASH.
I like this spot. The food is "eh"... but the scene is worth it. Great panoramic view of WP. The bar is a cool, relaxed scene; kinda tight space but I like it. Some nights they have a DJ that spins some classic hip-hop.
The happy hour menu here is delish and reasonably priced! Get the spicy shrimp and the sliders to share with friends.  The seating is comfortable both at the bar and the nearby couches, and the interior view gets better as the evening progresses.
Enjoyed a wonderful, romantic dinner for two in Oct, and the entire experience could not have been better. The view was spectacular (for Westchester county), the food was unique and delicious, the service was smart and attentive. A very special night. for us at 42.
What a view!!! There are very few things better than watching a thunderstorm dissolve into a rainbow just as the sun starts to set over the whole Hudson Valley! Then I received my menu.  The food was delicious and the waitstaff were very attentive.  I just wish they would bring back the chocolate soufle from when the same chef owned Trotters.  That would make it even better!
I absolutely loved this restaurant!  The views are spectacular, the food incredible and service was friendly. I dined there several months ago with my boyfriend. The meal started with the grilled octopus which was out of this world.  (and it is easy to mess this dish up!). I opted for the garlic lobster and crab for my entree and my boyfriend ordered the 7 spice bison.  Both were amazing!!  For dessert, we ordered the chocolate crepe and a dessert with pretzels and caramel.   Our original server was a bit strange and was clearly overwhelmed, but the manager stepped in right away and took over the ordering until the server calmed down enough to regain his composure. We were celebrating a special occasion that evening and my boyfriend couldn't have picked a better restaurant!
SO CLASSSAY- Maurica would approve.  Worth the price.  Great food, service and view.  Love it.
Poor food, indifferent service. Take a pass on this place. I think they just don't care.
We went to 42 for drinks a few weeks ago and it was surprisingly not packed for a Saturday night, which was actually really nice.  Not at all your typically white plains crowd!  Will defiantly go back, I am dying to try the food!
Ate dinner at 42 on July 19, 2011 with four business associates.  No reservations and had no problem getting a table.  The service and food were simply outstanding!  None of us have had such wonderful and interesting dishes in a very long time.  It was molecular gastronomy brought to Westchester County.  As a bonus, bottled wine is 1/2 off on Monday and Tuesdays.  I highly recommend "42" to anyone seeking a very tasty twist on standard fancy dishes.  Go and enjoy!!!
Great view of course. The food was generally good. My wife said her filet was excellent, my branzino was okay. Dessert was great and the wine list had a good range at decent prices. Plus the staff was very attentive.  Good for special occasions, a bit pricey for a regular meal.
Great view. The service was nice and the food was about what I expected. Apart from the view, the room is nothing special. Best experienced on an expense account because the cost makes the food seem less appealing. Strange noisy lounge with DJ adjacent to restaurant. Foodies will like the presentation and unusual dishes. Those just looking for a high-end splurge will likely be happier at Capitol Grille or Morton's.
I went here on a Saturday night on November 18th, 2011 for a friends birthday. There were three couples, six of us and we had a really nice time. The ambiance and view are amazing. The food is expensive and ok. It wasn't great especially for the price tag but our waiters were very attentive. I really liked the lounge which we stated at after dinner until closing at 2am. The DJ was great and the outdoor patio was nice, it was just a little chilly being that it was November. I would definitely go back to the lounge and hang out for drinks. Don't think I will go back for dinner.
I went there on a Saturday night with two of my friends. We had a 9pm reservation and was seated quickly. The host staff were very courteous. However, it quickly went down hill from there. The wait staff were beyond rude. They had a very hard time with the English language both speaking and understanding. We could not understand our waiter at all so order was very difficult. I have a severe fish allergy and after trying to communicate with the waiter, I was very uncomfortable with him reporting it to the chef. The bus staff were extremely rude, getting our orders wrong, giving us the wrong orders. When we stated that it was not our order, they coped am attitude. Our waiter was also very rude during our whole meal. The restaurant decor was beautiful as well as the views. However, if a restaurant is charging higher prices for a meal, they should provide an experience. However, the only experience we received was that the wait staff was rude, obnoxious, and should not be waiting on customers. I would never go back again.
Excellent view! Food is not bad too. Great service, very attentive. A little pricey, but all in all. Well worth it.
if you have tons of money to blow on a Pretty resturant with really nice views. but is if you want to spend a lot of money on a great meal spend it somewhere else food is good but for the money not great.
Wife and I had our 5th wedding anniversary dinner here.  To sum up our experience... the ambiance was nice, the food was meh and the service is hit or miss. We had a 6pm reservation, showed up 5 min early and were seated promptly.  There were only 2 other occupied tables at that time but it was still early.  Once we sat down, the waiter came by with the menu, specials, wine, etc.. and left us alone.  A minute or so later, a busboy came with bread sticks and butter.  Then a few seconds later, another came with a tray of bread and asked if we wanted any.  Then another came by with water.  Then another came with some special salts.  Then the waiter came back to check on us and see if we had any questions about the menu.  We haven't decided yet so he came back a few minutes later and we ordered.  Then a busboy comes by with the amuse and right behind him was the waiter explaining to use what it was which i didn't get except for the tuna part.  The fish was overcook and dry but the taste was good. For the food, I wanted to try the seven course tasting because I wanted foie gras but the Mrs didn't so we did the four course Market Special for $42.  She had the caesar salad and hanger steak, I had the butternut squash soup, an order of foie and the lamb shank.  It also comes with gnocchi and chocolate tart for dessert.  My thoughts on the food were that the soup was too sweet, the sauce on the gnocchi tasted like Ragu (the brand), the lamb was a little dry.  The foie wasn't seared very well but still tasted very good, especially when eaten together with the gingerbread and apple chutney.  There was a slice of bacon on top which didn't add anything to the foie but was great alone.  My wife enjoyed her salad which was a romaine heart drizzled with caesar dressing and cheese with some croutons on the side.  She thought the gnocchi was too soft (like mash potato), and her steak was tough, though cooked perfectly medium rare and tasty.  We both enjoyed the chocolate tart. During the meal, the waiter came by twice, before and after, every course to make sure everything was ok.  A busboy clears the table almost immediately after we're done and another would come by and replace the silver ware.  Water was constantly refilled and the butter kept being replaced once the mold was broken, not at the same time or person of course.  My wife thought the service was great, I thought it was comical almost annoyed at how many trips they made to not only our table, but everyone else too.  I'm all for service but I thought it was a bit excessive. All in all, we had an enjoyable dinner.  The ambiance is really nice.  It helps being on the top floor of the tallest building for miles on out.  As for the food, it's good but nothing special.  The Market Special is a very good deal but if there's a next time, I would definitely go with the 7 course tasting instead.  The service is really good if you're into that kind of attention.
Expensive but food was pretty good.  Went there on a group-on, so the price was more manageable.  Will definitely go back for special occasions.
The service and the food was impeccable! For the appetizer, definitely try the meat sample, where they come with a selection of fine meats. That by itself, can fill you up too.
good was great!!! drinks was great... wonderful view and service.... will come back....
service and food are the best!!!!!!
The view and ambiance was great. The food and service was okay. We had a groupon that was all worth it. Otherwise, the food is very overpriced for what you receive.
After living in White Plains for eight years, I've finally discovered where the hip, trendy and rich hang out. Or is that what the restaurant want you to believe? 42 definitely tries hard to create buzz. The giant Warhol-esque mural in the lounge of George Washington in wigs and lipstick screams, "Look at us, aren't we cool?" Then of course there's the staff with their ear nubs on talking to one another through hidden microphones. The message is, "this is an important place serving important people." A note about the view: 42 stories up is certainly impressive, But the view is of White Plains -- not the lights of NYC or any other city with an impressive skyline. We looked out the window and saw the florescent lights of the Metro North train station parking garage -- not exactly inspiring poetry, more like, "I wonder if I put enough money in the meter." Now to the food: It was certainly good, if a bit over-salted in some instances. We had the prix-fixe, which I would not recommend because the portions were small and the choices were limited. The amuse-bouche was a single mussel in a creamy coconut broth. It was tasty, but I thought a little too salty. Then we had the seafood cerviche and the vichyssoise. The soup came in this beautiful soup plate that was a lot more plate than bowl. I think I got about a half cup of soup. The soup, however, was excellent. The fried rice with an egg on top was highly seasoned and tasty, though I thought the rice kernels were a little dry. The main courses were the fish and the sirloin. My husband enjoyed his fish very much, and I thought my steak was chewy. I am not much of a meat-eater, but there were only two choices for mains, so we took one of each. For desserts, we had the grilled pineapples and the crepes. Again, with only two choices, we just chose one of each. The service was attentive; the only glitch was they forgot the side of broccoli rabe we ordered. After we reminded them, the vegetable came after the main course. Perhaps they should put their headsets to better use. Overall, good restaurant, but a little too much manufactured glitz for my taste.
We have been to this restaurant/bar a number of times and unfortunately tonight was our last time. The menu at the bar/lounge is no longer offered and instead the menu is limited to about 5 choices. This, however, was not the problem.  When asked, very nicely, if there was any way to order from the regular menu, we were told "no" by an extremely rude bartender (who we saw ask the manager on duty). We ordered apps from the choices offered and then proceeded to watch the same bartender and manager serve other customers, regulars or friends I'm assuming, salads and towers of oysters on the half shell and huge shrimp (none of which were on the menu). We paid the bill and pointed out the discrepancy to another bartender who agreed that there were certain customers who were given special treatment and "sorry." Are you kidding me? The other thing is the food was not as good as it usually is. The peppers were good but the fried calamari and shrimp piri piri were lacking something. The calamari had a weird aftertaste and included fishy tasting fried shrimp and other questionable items probably left over from a previous person's order
Food is really good, but when you receive the HUGE check you'll probably be asking yourself, "WTF did I pay for..." because you'll still be hungry.  The portions are small, really a tease for such good food.  I've had great food and customer service for waaaaaaaay less.
The reviews here are pretty consistent, great views, great service but the food is only slightly above average. We went there for a groupon tasting menu and service was amazing. Out of the 4 dishes served, only the ceviche really stood out. The branzino fish was average and the filet was only OK. The two deserts we tried were only slightly above average. I might go back for the service and views but I'm not dying to go back for the food.
Went here about two months ago for a birthday dinner with friends. The atmosphere is nice, the view is great, the food is okay not as good for as much as they charge. I enjoyed the lounge better than the dinner. The music was great and the drinks wre good. Loved the view and outdoor patio. I would definitely return but mainly for drinks and the lounge.
We finally decided to try 42 after reading some initial poor reviews and comments about the cost factor. I never really expect much from a local restaurant trying to act like an upper tier NYC establishment, but I was quite surprised by the experience. Driving up to front of the Ritz, I was immediately impressed by the property and staff. Everyone was professional and well trained. After getting out of the elevator on the 42nd floor, we had almost forgotten we were still in White Plains. The views were outstanding and the room was beautiful. There were many different parts of the restaurant, depending on what you were looking for. There was a bar for drinks and a really chic lounge for drinks and small plates. We were escorted to the top floor and brought to a beautiful table, with a great view. My friend, who called in advance, brought a great Barolo with him, and was treated very well, with no attitude or problems. The corkage was thirty five dollars, which is high but not unreasonable, considering the wine service was excellent. The menu was interesting and had plenty of choices to suit any palate. I started with a wonderful white truffle risotto, and my wife had a beautifully presented salad. We were also served a couple of smaller appetizers, compliments of the chef. I thought that this must be a real sign of the times, and very smart indeed. The entrees were superb. Two of us had there interpretation of a lamb cassoulet, and the ladies had the angry lobster and the bronzino. Although we were well satisfied at that point, the deserts had to be sampled, and were delicious. Needless to say, this all came at a price, and was a expensive dinner, on par with NYC. But, I knew that it was going to be expensive going in, and I felt that I had got my monies worth upon leaving, given the beautiful decor, great staff, great food, and overall great experience. As far as a previous reviewers comments about the age of the patrons, I could not possibly figure out what she was talking about. There were young people in there twenties and thirties having drinks and eating, and middle aged folks like myself, enjoying the fruits of there labor. Save up and enjoy the experience.
Definitely a great restaurant with a great view, I felt the menu was a little limited though. The service is great.
Context: I'm a 43 old male. I stopped by 42 (the bar/lounge) last Friday night and had a great time.  Swanky atmosphere, great views, some very nice/friendly cougars, and an excellent DJ at the bar/dancefloor upstairs from 42.  To top it off, though their beer selection is a bit lacking (Bud Light? Corona? Heineken? frat boy beers. ugh.), I had what may have been the best beer I've ever tasted: called Matilda, by Goose Island.  Comes in a big bottle, and 42 charges a not inexpensive $15 per bottle, but it was xlnt, so no complaint.  Kudos to 42 for having that beer in stock. It will cause me to return.  Nice waitstaff too.  Overall, thumbs up!  If you tire of Mamaroneck Ave's often sophomoric guido-laden bars, check out 42. I'll be back.
I came here for dinner and the view is really amazing and really liked the decor of all of the different areas of the restaurant.  The bread is worth mentioning as it came with different breadsticks and one was stopped with cumin seeds, what an unexpected surprise!  Bread was delicious and there was a little tray with different salts to try with the olive oil!  I started off with salmon tartare which was good, nothing extraordinary.  Dinner was strip steak with a chimichurri sauce, fries with a red pepper coulis.  The strip steak was cooked perfectly and I really liked the chimichurri sauce that was a good complement.  Dessert was molten chocolate cake with, yes standard dessert but they executed well!  One thing I must give kudos to the maitre'd about is that I had asked for my meal to be wrapped up and during dessert I knew that they forgot to wrap it.  No biggy I wasnt going to make a scene about it.  However as I am preparing to leave, the maitre'd chases me and gives me my leftovers.  When I got home I saw that it was a brand new strip steak, I knew they had tossed mine by accident.  Definitely impressive customer service that did not go unnoticed!  Meal was good nothing extraordinary and at these prices there are many other places for us to try before a return visit.
Food is good but nothing special.  Beautiful view, good service... but expensive.  Be careful of the Groupon offers, you get a special menu with very limited selections.  Groupon was $175 for 4.... which they claim has a value of $350,  Four entree selections included "chicken thigh" and a shrimp rissoto.  Got the rissoto.... tasted OK but literally had 3 tiny shrimp on top.   Also included soup (only one choice offered).... though why the chef put toasted marshmallows on  a pumpkin soup is anyone's guess. It did not work. A choice from 2 salads and a choice of two desserts.   Still, the place was packed so don't expect them to give better value or higher quality food soon.  So, unless you like view primarily, or have a business account, there are better restaurants at more reasonable cost.  Seems to be plenty of folks with money to spend in Westchester but a more limited number that know high-quality food.
It seems like Westchester has a lot of old Italian restaurants that are good and simple, and then some boring "modern" places like BLT Steak which is downstairs from 42, so I was pleasantly surprised that 42 was different.  It was a mix of old and modern worlds.  The dishes have a portuguese slant and they were all at least interesting if not delicious - and some were both!  I am usually leery of hotel restaurants - but I would say overall this place works despite the quirks (like there was a thin curtain that would somehow drown out the Whitney Houston & Michael Jackson songs the deejay was playing in the nearby lounge area).  The service was prompt (but not overbearing), friendly and knowledgeable.  The cocktails were delicious and the eggnog dessert made at the table with liquid nitrogen was a treat.  What I liked best about 42 was that although the space is sleek and modern, the overall feel is warm and inviting.
