My husband & I had a great time here! The food was Amazing so was the service. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking to have a good time and awesome food :)
Everytime I go to this restaurant, I call them in advance and tell them that I want the chicken pimento dish.  It literally takes 40 minutes for them to prep.  They have a nice wine selection here and the service is what you'd expect for a restaurant in Greenwich, CT.   I've come here several time for business lunches, but never for dinner.  I hear many things about how it's a fun place to be after work... I wish I could comment.
Every time I'm there the staff welcomes me like family. Extremely personable and out going. Happy hour specials are unbeatable! 2$ tapas, 4$ wine. No place like it.
Food is  good but I only give 3 stars bc I was treated completely unfairly by Catherine the bar tender. She is rude and pompous.
Another great experience at Barcelona with delicious food & excellent service from our server Cindy.  Everyone is always so friendly & welcoming.  Only negative is the noise factor.  We'll be back!
Love Barcelona! I have been going there for many years and have never been disappointed. Their tapas are excellent and the wine selection is great. The staff is always great. You can't beat their happy hour, the best in Greenwich for sure!
Probably my favorite please to eat. Period. Everything on the menu is incredible. Great Bar Staff and very quick service.
The food and drinks are great! As long you aren't served by Catherine the bartender. She was completly rude and had no regard for customer service. She really ruined my experience while I was at Barcelona last. I probably won't be returning anytime soon due to the open mistreatment from this server.
Great tapas and wine selection.
Sit at the bar and enjoy delicious, reasonably priced tapas during happy hour 4:00-7:00 weekdays. You'll be glad you did. The bartenders make great drinks and offer friendly, welcoming conversation. Love this place!  Dinner is busy, so make a reservation. The food is excellent.
Tapas joint meets disaster at this swanky Greenwich cougar den. They get 1 star for the bar scene, as the bartenders were mixing great cocktails, and who doesn't like 40 year old one percenters on the prowl? Tapas were not impressive, and the "chef's special tasting menu" for $55/pp was a hoax. Host sat our party of 13 at a table for 10 about 40 minutes after our reservation. Service was also lacking as our server couldn't tell us what some of the items that were plopped on our table were as part of the tasting menu. To make matters worse, apparently it's acceptable for the wine cork to break apart into the wine bottle while opening. By the time they got to desert we were told "the kitchen and ovens are closed now, but we have coffee and espresso". Overall not worth it. We won't be back.
This champion of tapas located in the heart of Greenwich business district deserves nothing less 5 stars.  Barcelona's vivacious ambiance pervades its art filled rooms and its service is exceeded by few.  This restaurant is a prime location for any dinner party on Friday night.
We recently had our engagement party here, with about 30 people on a Sunday. We had requested a wine steward to explain the different Spanish wines to our guests so they could become more aquatinted, seeing as our wedding will be in Spain. Upon arrival we were greeted by the manager, and wine steward for the day. We were a little early, and they welcomed us with cocktails and a smile. Although there was a set menu, once the staff found out a guest had a food allergy, they went as far as to run to store to get a specific Bloody Mary mix that was gluten free. The food was amazing, the wine Steward went above and beyond, and all the guests were beyond happy. I highly recommend this place!!! The food  is amazing and so reasonably priced. Definite book a party here!
I had no idea this place was a chain....I work in White Plains so Greenwich is only 15 minutes away.  Happy Hour in Greenwich! The place is very nice....warm lighting, a lot of dark wood.  I was lame and ordered a white dessert wine, but we had some delish apps to share.  Because we had a vegetarian (little 'ol me) and a mushroom allergen friend, the chef was über, über nice to make an amazing app just for us.  Spinich, goat cheese (and I'm sure something else) flatbread.  Now that was actually the best!  Sent out our compliments to the chef who was so nice enough to come out and chatted with us.   Great little place - will def love to come back again!
Wife and I have done happy hour here probably 20x. Excellent service at the bar and delicious tapas, such as the meatballs and olives.
It's good, but definitely a far cry from the Barcelona location in South Norwalk.  The decor here is nice, but again, not as sexy as in SoNo.  On its own, we got a lot of food that seemed like it was sitting around for awhile.  I don't know if they're just not very busy, or if it was a bad night.  I guess it was an ok deal for the tapas sampler, but I don't think I'll return to this location if I have the option of going to SoNo. On a separate note, I'm excited for the Stamford location to open and see what it's like there.
I came here for lunch and was beyond impressed! I'm usually not a fan of tapas bar's because I always feel cheated when it comes to food portions. I ordered the sampler for myself and I must say it was amazing! I had meatballs, wild mushroom and calamari;  each dish was tasty! It was more than enough to fill me up and take home! This is the first time I've gone to a tapas bar and left with a doggie bag for dinner. I think a sampler is enough for two (depending on how much you eat). The drinks are great and they also have a wide selection of imported wine & beer.
My boyfriend brought me here for our 3 month anniversary. Barcelona is the perfect place to have a date night. We ordered papas bravas, calamari, chicken empanadas and the steak dish with truffle oil. Everything was delicious, I was especially a fan of the avocado dipping sauce that came with the empanada. Great ambiance, service was great, waiter was especially helpful with assisting me in choosing the type of bubbly I wanted, and everything was brought out promptly. All in all a great experience. Took one star off because although the food was delicious it felt like it was lacking a little bit of something. Perhaps I'm used to tapas with a bit more seasoning? Anyways, looking forward to returning here again.
The food is good but they are dishonest.  I added 16% tip and the bartender decided to add another $5 for himself.  PAY CASH if you go - and check your credit card statements!!!!
Had a huge and delicious meal here... lots of tasty tapas like chorizo with figs, serrano ham, goat cheese, heirloom tomatoes, and an enormous skirt steak that was delicious.  The night I went, bottles of wines were half-off (great deal!!), so we had a great bottle of Tannat from Uruguay.  The waiter suggested a dessert wine, also a Tannat from Uruguay, and it was INCREDIBLE.  It's called Alcyone and it's rich, chocolatey, and port-like, but without the fortification.  I'm now looking for it everywhere... It was a nice night, we were a group of 10, and they took good care of us.  I'd happily go back sometime.
All of the tapas we had were pretty good, except for the empanadas. They were not so great. Our server couldn't give us accurate descriptions of the tapas, and didn't know what some of the items were at all. She forgot drinks, and then charged a drink we never ordered on our bill. The paella was some of the worst we've ever had. Mushy rice and overcooked seafood & chicken. It wasn't awful but not good. It didn't taste like paella at all. I would stick to the tapas & skip the paella next time.
Come for the wine, not for the tapas. FOOD I love tapas, but this place definitely is not as good as the ones in the city. Still, this is better than most other options in Greenwich. The mussels were good (though hard to mess that up), the empanadas were nothing spectacular, and the duck confit was a bit dry. DECOR/SERVICE It's good for small and large groups, old and young. It's a big space so not great for an intimate evening / date. We had a good, attentive waiter and our food and wine arrived with no problems. The table was a little wobbly so my friend put some business cards under one of the legs (never have those contacts been so helpful!).
OK, I am a fan of Barcelona.  Big fan.  However, not the Greenwich location, but there's a reason.  I have always enjoyed excellent meals at the Norwalk and Fairfield locations.   About a year ago, one of the plates we ordered included a chicken breast.  My wife cut into it while we were talking and then looked down.  She almost threw up.  The inside was raw, leaking blood.  Disgusting. Talk about losing your appetite. We informed the server, they apologized and striked it from the check. However it did leave a lasting and negative impression.  I gave them two stars for addressing the bill.  It would have been one otherwise.
Came here on a Friday night with an 8:30 reservation for four. We still had to wait by the bar for about a half hour- a little annoying considering, but we sucked it up and waited in the tiny area. The bar is a little awkward because you are basically standing over people while they eat, couple that with my intense hunger, I was about to take a bite off someones plate. The manager (i'm guessing) paid for a round of drinks to cover the wait - that made up for it! We managed to get seated in the back room with a very friendly waiter - way friendly. Like telling us his life story, but it's ok he was happy to see us I guess. All we ordered were tapas, and they came out in rounds. Not sure why... we waited about 10 minutes in between. We got 3, then 2 more, then 2 again, and then the final 2. It was a little weird. BUT onto the food. Delicious. The ham and cheese croquettes, fig and chorizo, bacon tabernacle thing, chicken empanadas (not as good as my college roommates were, but still good!) some other thing with potatoes= man we ordered a lot of food. The only thing we didn't like were the eggplant fritters, it was basically a fried piece of eggplant--- go figure the only veggie we got we didn't like! I would go for tapas, and order a lot of them. They are small, we got two orders of the croquettes and empanadas to accomodate four hungry people. My only complaints are the wait times (don't go hungry!) and the fact that almost everything is fried!! Also, around 11 a DJ comes and things apparently get a little crazy, I had to leave, but next time I'll stick around.
My boyfriend and I came to stay in Greenwich for a quiet NYE getaway and I found Barcelona through yelp because of its close proximity to Delamar Harbor Hotel (which I also recommend!). The atmosphere is great and the volume isn't too loud. There's lots to choose from on the menu so we made our initial order and kept one of them at the table in case we decided we needed more food. Our favorite things were the Grilled hanger steak, the bread, braised short rib, and the beef empanada. We both had sangria but my bf said that the white was better than the red. Would definitely come back if I was in the area again.
It had been a while since I last ate at Barcelona but I always remembered it to be pretty good. So when my friend mentioned that he wanted to go there I wasn't apposed to it. Firstly, if you're a fan of Spanish wines, this really is the place - what a list! I'm a big fan of tapas since you can try a number of things. I was pretty much ok with anything we ordered but what I had to have was the braised wild boar, OMG was it good...and with a glass of sherry to accompany it with. Then we had the skirt steak from the mains which was quite nice. And for dessert we had a hanger steak with black truffle sauce, that's right, we had it for dessert! We were recommended the Acustic (red wine) from the bottle list, and I further recommend it to you - it's excellent with the food. I am left with a fond memory of the evening with all the great elements - food, wine, atmosphere and conversation! I surely will return soon this time.
This is a fun place.  Everything is good.  The wine, the food, the ambience, the service. One of the best part's of Barcelona is the people watching on a weekend night.  You get a great combo of young juiceheads looking to pick up chicks...especially once they start clearing out the tables for the DJ.  You also get some of Greenwich's finest single creepers in their 50's or 60's rolling up in their Maserati's trying to compete with the young Jersey Shore types.  Priceless!  Really, I mean it.  Go, watch the free entertainment. Onto the food.  It is very good.  Barcelona's creator gets the picture...it is a fun place to go share a meal with a group and kick back.  Love the chorizo & figs, hanger steak, goat cheese & mushrooms..and many more...I have been a few times and the food just keeps coming and nothing is ever bad.  And at the end, no matter how much you order the bill seems to be reasonable for the amount the table ate. The service and ambience are very good and very fun.  I really recommend going with a group of 6 or 8 people, then you can sample a large part of the extensive menu.  And if you want to miss the singles crowd, just go early at around 7pm or so. Finally, for all you single ladies out there looking to meet an old rich dude in a Benztley in a or jacked up poor/tan/well manicured dude in a Chevy Malibu...go!  This is the palce to meet the man of your dreams.
My favorite thing about the restaurant is actually the days the DJ is spinning and people are dancing. The food is delicious but the drinks are unfortunately disappointing.
The food at Barcelona is top notch. They seem to have really high standards that the kitchen consistently lives up to. I always go with the tapas rather than an entree. On my last visit I tried the razor clams, which were amazingly flavorful. For me a lot of the draw to Barcelona is the opportunity to try something new. In the past, my husband has had frog legs and pork belly tapas specials, just to name a few. These eclectic dishes make fighting through the crowded dinning area and withstanding the loud patrons worth while. That being said, this is probably a more comfortable scene for most that choose to come here. It's not really a bad thing, just a personal preference. There is a full bar but I usually go with the sangria.  It's delicious! There are a few interesting beer choices too. Captain Lawrence Brewery makes a special beer exclusively for Barcelona. I was also able to order an IPA which is pretty unusual to find at a place that isn't know for beers. Drinks and dinner for two usually works out to about $75. It's not cheap, but neither is the quality of their food and service.
GFDF rating: 5+ stars I have always loved Barcelona Restaurant in Greenwich. The menu is great, and the people who run the place - including Chef Christian Petroni - are very friendly and happy to oblige anyone who loves great food. So, I was sure that if I went back on my new gluten free, dairy free diet that I would be well accommodated and have lots of good things to eat. I was not disappointed! I asked if the chef could come out and speak with me, and I gave him one of the Triumph Dining cards that I had just ordered online (it explains everything a celiac can and can't eat, talks about cross-contamination, etc.) He took it back to the kitchen with him and took great pains to check ingredients, even the balsamic vinegar, to make sure there was nothing suspect. I was lucky that we were there during a weekday at lunchtime, because it was not very crowded and he had time to do it. (Well, lucky is maybe not the right word. I had planned it that way, of course!) Anyway, here are some of the yummy things we had at lunch: boquerones (i.e., Spanish anchovies), spinach-chickpea casserole (they use chickpea flour, not wheat flour), wild mushrooms (without the goat cheese), chorizo with sweet and sour figs and arugula salad. There may have been more - those are what I asked him to check.... Everything was wonderful and prepared to perfection. The best thing was that the chef treated me like I had proposed an exciting challenge for him - what is GFDF on your menu? - not a "problem" to fix. If there were more than five stars, I would give these guys a six! Oh, and did I mention the sangria is gluten free, dairy free too?
I've been to Barcelona several times and it's always tasty and a lot of fun. The restaurant is classy and always seems to be full. I prefer to order one of their tapas samplers: For Two - 6 tapas for $48, For Three - 8 for $60, or the Grand Sampler - 10 for $70.  These are a good deal and I'd recommend them if your group doesn't want to get entrees. I loooove getting the roasted garlic to spread on the bread.  It's amazing.  I really need to roast garlic at home.  Their herbed goat cheese with wild mushrooms is also a must-get.  I love ordering tapas I wouldn't usually get - like Spinach-Chickpea Casserole - they end up being awesome. The sangria is good but nothing to write home about. The times I've gone, the food has ranged from amazing to just good.  But still, this is a solid showing and when I'm in the area, I'll always go back to Barcelona for dinner!
We had my sister's bridal shower party at Barcelona restaurant. On a Sunday early afternoon, you can practically have the whole restaurant for your group if you have enough people. I can't rave enough about this restaurant..what a great space for a party! What wonderful servers they have..esp. Keisha and Jay?..! They accomodated our one lone vegetarian, which was incredibly nice! For the food..tapas was wonderful..especially the croquettes! oh and the sangria was flowing and oh so fantastic! The guests were all happy with the meal! If you are looking for place to book your private event..I definitely recommend Barcelona!
First the DJ Sucks!...lol! pretty sad. For a nice place. Didn't even know how to start or end a song so if you wanted to get up and dance which I almost did before realizing right away he sucked you would have looked awkward and confused as to what just happened. The Ambiance is nice I was with my sweetie so it was all about us but we couldn't help but notice the DJ and his tacky selection of music. I think the owners/management should reconsider bringing in someone with a bit more music experience. I'm sorry to sound so harsh but for such a nice trendy place one has to leave singing the songs or dancing on out anticipating on going back.
FROG LEGS Wow what a treat! It was a last resort that turned out to be an awesome Friday evening.  No reservation and a short wait at the bar. The wine list was excellent and reasonably priced. We bought a bold Chilean Cab Grand Reserve that resembled a high end Carmenere or Amarone at a fraction of the cost. We started with chicken empanadas, then went to steak paillard and fried broccolini... all were great. Then was the branzino and frog legs. The branzino was farm raised and down-right terrible, but the frogs made up for the taste in spades as they were truly divine The place was packed when we walked in and just as packed when we left.... Definitely on the list for next week.
LOVE the tapas here!  Good selection and all very very tasty!  I'd steer away from the entries....just load up on the tapas.   The place is always packed, make your reservation a bit earlier than you want to eat.  Whenever I go, the wait is always a bit long.
HUGE FAN of this chain!!! only been to the greenwich location but they have others throughout fairfield county- stamford, norwalk and fairfield. Sundays this is the place to be!!!! Half off wine bottles & pig roast! They even have cooking classes that i want to try and catering! Atmsphere is dark, long bar with flat screen tvs, wood tables that fit 3-10ppl with candles. Wish it was a little brighter at night. At the end of the night feel like im in the woods a bit. Menu changes some items from time to to time but very consistent quality! Of tapas ive had almost everything. Favorites are roasted chick pea puree (aka hummas) with homemade pita chips, grilled asparus, albondigas (meatballs in tomato sauce) usually give you 3-5, empanadas and steak paillard. MUST HAVES are sauteed shrimp in sherry sauce & hanger steak!!!!  Even the bread is usually fresh, hot to the touch, they dont give you butter but olive oil- tastes amazing!  I ALWAYS get the lobster risotto- its a sunday evening staple!!! Service depends on the night but the food and wine make up for it! highly recommend first timers go on a sunday night for the full experience.
My favorite restaurant in greenwich. The tapas is my favorite. I have tried just about everything and it has all been wonderful. I can't believe anyone would give it less then 5 stars. I beg to go here every time I go out for dinner. I love the enviroment because everyone and anyone can go there and fit in. It is a very large space but it is still intimate so I have enjoyed many dates there. The waiters I have had have been extremely helpful and knowledgeable. DEFINITELY five star experience.
The food was Great, and the service outstanding. Our waiter was so great at explaining the menu to us, gave us great recommendations, checked on us constantly to see if we need anything else. Even the manager stopped twice to check on us. We ate dessert but it wasn't as great as the rest of our meal, so when the waiter asked how we liked it, we told her the truth, so they took it of out bill, even though we were willing to pay for it. Great experience, will definitely be back soon.
This is an example of how not to run a restaurant and how far afield you can get with a cuisine ....tapas ? hardly .... paella ? inedible .... Staff reminded me of surly fast food temp help...the chef needs to go back to school... Save your money!
Tapas are great, incredible wine selection and hot atmosphere. The crowd is trendy and all ages. We had a great paella
Deliciousness!!! NYC quality food in a casual chic suburban atmosphere. Staff is knowledgable and the hospitality is wonderful. Great wine menu and live music on Sunday. Don't leave without ordering the bacon wrapped date - it is divine and the best I have ever had. I love this place!
Very noisy and loud so be prepared!   The back room, which the staff calls "extreme" is to be avoided - by extreme they mean really loud or really quiet or really cold or really hot.   Food is hit and miss with some nice dishes and some misses - skip the tuna tartar which has no taste and is served with a few soggy potato chips?
Possibly the one negative review on this site. The food was good -- not great, but good -- but the prices simply didn't justify the serving sizes.  When I pay $6.50 + tax for an appetizer, I expect more than a single slice of cheese.  But that's all I got.  Not a slice of cheese on top of anything.  Just a single, small slice of cheese for $6.50.  Look, maybe that's not the typical dining experience, maybe it was a fluke, a mistake that the wait staff didn't catch.  Maybe you're supposed to get more cheese for your dough, and someone who works at Barcelona is reading this thinking, "that's ridiculous, we don't sell cheese for six fifty a slice!"  All I know is I spent $6.50 for a slice of cheese. The main course was a similar story; I understand that steak is an expensive item to order, and I am more than prepared to pay $30 or more for a good one.  This particular $30 steak was a joke.  Smaller than a fast food cheeseburger, this steak was admittedly delicious.  Thing is, for that price, I could (and have in the past) easily get an equally delicious steak more than twice the size at most other restaurants. The only other negative review for Barcelona complains about food arriving too quickly.  This may seem like a ridiculous complaint -- the first time I read it, I rolled my eyes -- but after eating at Barcelona, I understand it.  We went to Barcelona on a busy night, so the waiter informed me that the steak I ordered would be at LEAST 45 minutes.  So I ordered the appetizer as well.  Ten minutes later, out comes the steak.  So I guess I bought the $6.50 slice of cheese for no reason.  Hey, I love fast service, don't get me wrong, but there's a huge difference between 10 minutes and 45; I was basically misled into buying extra food. Speaking of being misled, we were also outraged by the fact that we were offered "free" tastes of wine, and later charged for them.  Each "taste" of wine ended up on our bill, priced as a full glass. Our group unanimously decided not to return to Barcelona.
Had a reservation Saturday night at 7:45 and didn't get seated until about an hour  later... No apologies from the manager or ease to our frustration just was told tables are getting up soon. Food was bad...so salty. Not going back.
The food here is really good.  I like coming here with big groups b/c you can order a bunch of different tapas and try them all.  Some of my faves are: Herbed Goat Cheese with Wild Mushrooms Spinach and Chickpea Casserole- this is a favorite Mussels al Diablo Grilled Steak Paillard Ham and Cheese Croquettes Crispy Calamari Warm Octopus Salad Homemade Empanadas Lobster Risotto- this is a favorite Tuna Tartare PAELLA is amazing here They also have a wine tasting thing you can do- you get 3 wines to try.  They make good apple martini's also. Later in the night it does become more of a nightclub and it is quite the pick up joint.  LOL
I've frequented many a Spanish restuarant and typcal Spanish wines are excellent if a certain selection is present.  I have to say that this establishment sorely lacks the most obivious of choices here.  there wine list is crap.  Returned my selection of Priorat, a wine that is generally very good and popular from Spain, there must have been the chepeast they could find and mark up. Service is cheap and thoughtless as well, three selection of cheeses that came out with dinner had shavings that where oxidized and hard and flipped over ao as to hide the discolorization. Can they be sp cheap as to give you the first shavings from the wheel!!! Notifies manager immediately. Finally recieved bill to find that original skank wine i sent back was still charged to my bill.  Notified manager who had it removed. Total waste of money.
yummy yummy yummy food... the tapas are great!  ive been here a few times for food and countless times for dancing and drinks... I must admit that the food is delish! You could basically have a dinner made of tapas and a starting course like tuna tartare and then just dessert! They change some of the tapas but my faves are the eggplant flatbread (pizza style), the mushrooms with goat cheese, ham and cheese croquettes (a staple at any tapas restaurant), and the hummus with pita chips.  The tuna tartare is quite delish and served with baked potato chips made in house i believe.  I've had the skirt steak as well and it was decent, not the greatest I've tasted but the chimichurri sauce was quite good. SANGRIA is a must if you come here... get the red, the white's not as good! Desserts .... the crepas are so good that I don't have words to describe them, but it could be just my personal preference. The churros are a staple here and people love them! Haven't tried any other desserts, will report back! I've only ever sat at the bar and ordered a few things so when I have an official dinner here I will update properly once again!
Tapas was good. Service was excellent.
I love this place! Plenty of room, but definitely call ahead for a reservation. Tapas are pretty good. I like their red wine sangria even though usually I am not a fan of sangria at all. It was great to go with a girlfriend/date and catch up, drinks included of course. The usual Greenwich crowd, but what can you do? Still, Barcelona feels like a less uptight place than usual-- especially when it turns into a salsa dance party after hours! A comfortable dinner out-- not too expensive and a good start to a night out.
If you think you can't eat healthy and delicious at a restaurant in Greenwich, think again. Chef Michael Lucente has raised the culinary bar here. Last night i had one of my most memorable dinners there. I had fresh, very fresh, green beans with lemon and a little olive oil. Next I had a Tile fish crudo, as in raw, in a lemon and olive oil mixture with fava beans chopped up to add just the right amount of crunch. Next, this was a big night for me, I had juicy clams kind of like posillipo, a tomato broth, served in a generous bowl.  If I was really living it up i would have sopped it up with Barcelona's crusty peasant bread. Desserts are often overlooked here, but they are worth trying. They don't just serve flan, they serve a much richer variety i would call Catalan Creme. Oh, then there's the chocolate warm souffle with some kind of excellent ice cream. Shout out also to the managers and their team.  No disappointments. This establishment aims to please and will be generous with your particular dietary needs. Go, you should go!!!
Not bad. Mediocre food. Cheap on a Sunday night. Good place. Recommended. Live music is fabulous.
i love tapas, mostly because one day i want to open a restaurant called "just a bite" which is what i usually want.  it's so nice to indulge in many different flavours without feeling like i'm gonna have to unbutton my pants by the end of the meal. i'd recommend going for the sampler platter, and go crazy with whatever you want and order more of what you like the most later on.  the grilled asparagus was good, though i was sad to see that only days later they had white asparagus on the menu and i missed it!  chorizo with figs was a great combo, as was the papas bravas, that spicy sauce is addictive!  both meat and veggie empanadas are also delicious. service is good, pricing is good, ambiance is family-friendly.  i noticed sports games on several tv screens. i was happy to order a cafe con leche and reminisce about my time in the restaurant's namesake across the atlantic...
Apps and drinks were great!!. We ordered the srhimp, steak, crab, potato tortilla!!  Delicious!!!! Awesome!
great place for happy hour! since not many people from greenwich seem to yelp, it was a HUGE challenge finding a new happy hour place.  by chance, we stumbled into Barcelona and we've been stumbling in and out ever since.   The food is absolutely delish and the crowd is always so friendly.  Bartenders are quick and the servers prance around pouring shots!!  LOVE IT!  Everytime we come, we order the skirt steak...omg, delish!  and the paella - as usual takes awhile to prepare - but is consistently excellent!
We had sooo much fun here!!  Went on a Friday night with some friends. Had some appetizers and drinks. What a great crowd. The chef if awesome!! Food is great! Club like feel after 11:00.  Can't wait to go back for dinner during the week.
I can't really pinpoint my feelings about this particular Barcelona. I had office parties/dates/halloween parties there but for some reason the place doesn't really sit well with me. The meat I ordered was dry instead of medium rare, the wait was too long both before our dinner and during, and their bartender seemed high on something. However, the crowd, the wine bar, and the atmosphere were just right. It is perfect for a Friday night get-together with your co-workers, very good for a party but I wouldn't bring my boss here for a lunch or my husband for a romantic dinner. Bottom line: food is not that good, staff is not that good, the atmosphere is great for parties.
The place to be in Greenwich. First of all the food is great, although, like any tapas, ends up being pricey. What sets Barcelona apart is the crowd and the atmosphere. One night I went they had a DJ playing and converted part of the restaurant to a small dance floor as the night went on. But people were dancing everywhere. Just a really fun and friendly crowd. It gets super packed though so if that's not you're thing you might not like it.
Fine tapas, raucously served
Great place for tapas and drinks with friends! Nice decor, diverse crowd age-wise though still hip for the most part.  On weekends they move some of the tables for dancing and mixing, good times.
Yes, it's loud and packed...but that's the point! Great food, good service, and it's fun...music is great on the weekends to burn off a meal of chorizo and figs :)
Really fun place. We stuck with the tapas (calamari, meat balls, sausages, etc). It's a nice atmosphere and the staff were really friendly. I'd like to come here at some point to check out the bar scene too.
Good nightlife on Fridays and Saturdays.  I've only been there when they have had a DJ. Reasonably priced drinks, fun, friendly staff. I will never forget the first time I was there and saw a waiter dancing on top of a table.
If I had only had two words to describe Barcelona of Greenwich, Chef Christian Pettrone and his staff of waiters and bartenders, I would use ....."HONEST HOSPITALITY". Not many restaurants welcome you as a patron, guest and friend, but this one does.  Yes, Greenwich can be expensive in general, but if you want to spend your dollars wisely, this is the place.   The menu is full of personality and the wine selection is extensive. Beer on tap is great.  Food is fantastic.  Have a night of tapas....don't be afraid.....it's a very social way to dine out. Just ask you waiter to pick ou tapas for you. Don't go here on a saturday night for a romantic quiet dinner, instead, take your spouse or date or friends here for a romantic, fun filled, singing, dancing, drinking and eating unique fun experience! Last saturday night about halfway through then evening, we all found ourselves singing "miss American pie" out loud with the entire packed restaurant! Dj played a very smart mix which covered all ages that night.   I could write so much more......I'm already planning a dinner for next month with another group of six friends!! Honest Hospitality....It's just people doing what they love to do, and its easy to recognize it at Barcelona of Greenwich.
Great tapas and a high energy atmosphere. The butternut squash and broccoli rabe catalan are delicious. The staff is friendly and welcoming. It can be very loud, but they will gladly reseat you if it is a problem. As others have noted, the food can come very quickly.
I love it here.  Perfect for a date night or with a group of friends.  Tapas are made for me because I'm so indecisive.  Yum, everything I've tried here has been a hit!
Food was good but I have never experienced service as bad as I did at this place. We arrived on time for a 8:15 reservations. We weren't seated until 9:05. The waitress did come over pretty quickly once we were seated but things went downhill from there. After taking our order the waitress never checked back in with us and we kept having to ask the bus boy to track her down. We ordered the chicken empanadas, which never came so we ordered them again, only to be told after waiting for them for 40 minutes that they were out of them (by then we had eaten all of our other food and our table was completely cleared - so they had to reset our table since we ordered something to make up for the fact that they were out of the chicken empanadas). Im not sure why we had to order them twice before being told that they were out. When we finally ordered dessert it took another 30 minutes to get it. At some point the waitress knocked over the glass of red wine at the table next to use getting both me and the lady at the table wet. The waitress didn't apologize or offer us anything in exchange for the accident. Also, this place was so loud that I couldn't hear the person sitting across form me, even when shouting. Honestly it would have really helped if the waitress at some point apologized or at least acknowledged the bad service. Also, not sure why they needed to TV on at the bar. No one was watching it and  it just added to all the noise.
Fun place to go with friends.  Food is great.  I lived in Spain years ago, and found it hard to find decent Spanish tapas.  The food is totally authentic, with a gourmet twist, so it tastes even that much better.  Would definitely return.  Beware...it gets VERY noisy after 10pm when they clear the floor for dancing.  Seems to be a night club for the divorced and over 35 crowd--but still fun.
not a big fan of the food, bars pretty good, if its crowded, you might be waiting a while to get served.ordered a cappuccino and finally got it, too bad it was cold
Came here after a dinner on Saturday night and weren't hungry.  Waited a while to get seated but it was worth the wait.  All we were looking for is some drinks.  At first the waiter told us that there is a minimum per person but then the manager came out and said it is ok to order drinks.  We ordered all three types of their Sangria.  As the night went on we decided to try the tapas.  That was a good idea.  Everything we tried was super delicious, or was it Sangria kicking in?  We stayed till 11pm and as we were leaving the place was just starting to kick into high gear with the band and young, vibrant crowd.
Food was good, but the music was so loud. Group of us went to celebrate our friend's birthday, but couldn't converse. It was just like we were at a nightclub. We had a reservation for 8:30 on a Saturday, but still had to wait 20-25 minutes to get seated, so they gave us a glass of sangria each for free while we waited (nice). As for the price - tapas bars are usually pricey and portions are small, so there was no surprise there. If you don't want to pay $7 for a small dish of appetizer portion food, well, you don't go to a tapas bar in the first place.
I recently dined at a tapas restaurant by world renowned chef José Andrés. The food at this restaurant doesn't hold a candle to Barcelona. I had to come here to proclaim my adoration for Barcelona. Every dish at Barcelona I've tried has been excellent. Some were so good that we've ordered them twice on the same day. The food portions and prices aren't too bad either. The service is excellent and the waiters are patient. They are knowledgable and will explain the dishes. I love coming here and I'm always left wanting to go back to try something different.
Not good for intimate, serious conversations, but if you wanna fun one night stand, here it is...crowd a bit cliche.  I'd prefer to hang with the cool, charismatic staff after hours.  But, lets get down to food.  After all, that why I went.  Waiter recommended 4 to 5 small dishes (Tapas) to share between two people.  I chose the grilled fish ( grilled to perfection), mushroom dish, chickpeas and spinach, empanadas ( second best to Queens location and that's sayin one hell of a compliment), and garlic shrimp.  Menu is of wide variety so its all good for meat conscious vegetarians.  BUT, what went straight to my heart was the dessert,  called something Indulgence, a chocolate cake like that just melts in your mouth, with coconut ice cream and raspberry syrup.  The whole thing was pure heaven with each bite.  The calories on this baby was worth it.  Looking forward to returning, but during off peak hours.
This place is the ISH.  Best staff, best food, best cocktails, great vibe.
Great place great food.
Terrific selection of tapas; I really enjoyed the anchovies, a selection of olives, and some very tasty empanadas. Waiter suggested a very nice red wine (which at $16 per glass was a bit pricy).   I greatly enjoyed my first visit there.
This establishment should get a MINUS 5 stars. Coming from Brooklyn, NY we expected a decent night out at a Tapas Restaurant/Wine Bar in the burbs.... Sadly that was not the case. The seating arrangements here are undesirable and the hostess was clearly inexperienced, as we originally were sat at an end table very close to the  vibrant bar scene in the main room. We had to ask numerous people including the hostess and servers to move us away from this area. I was extremely surprised to see the amount of intoxicated people at 10:15pm, swaying from side to side, bumping into my chair (I had to move my Gucci bag to the floor for fear of losing it in the crowd) with their warm beer bottles and spraying saliva on or close to our food while they spoke. These were just a few of the disgusting traits we encountered, not to mention their behinds in our faces!  I hope the Police patrol this area well because this place keeps the bar service pumping and takes little care of their dinner recipients. We would've ordered a bottle of wine had the server had any knowledge of their best wine whatsoever. (I thought this was a wine bar?) Our appetizers came out before we had drinks on the table. Food quality was a joke. The server explained to us how their chef travels to Fulton fish market to hand select the freshest of the fresh for the menu. The shrimp we had looked and tasted like one of those shrimp cocktail rings you can buy for $9.99 in a local grocery. After many dirty looks and blank stares from the waitstaff and hostess we finally had some freedom and moved into another area of the restaurant which turned out to be decent. Silent enough to hear one another and right in the main doorway so we could watch the waitstaff come back and forth and punch everyone's orders into the computer screen. We were then greeted by 4 different servers asking us what we had coming out, if we wanted more drinks and finally 2 partially warm orders of our tapas came out. Wait it gets better, we sat there waiting for 2 more tapas orders that never came. Our original server came back to check on us 1 time, I believe right before we were receiving dessert? The churros with the chocolate dipping sauce were the highlight of this place. Finally something that was good tasting and the correct temperature! There was a very sweet young girl who comped our desserts and drinks and apologized for the situation. Our bill amounted to a measly $70.00 in the end. Although I was against leaving any gratuity whatsoever to the original server, my boyfriend and I decided to leave a large gratuity to the sweet girl who had taken the time and put forth a lot of effort to rectify it all. In hopes that this review reaches the correct management I hope our $30.00 gratuity was given to the proper recipient. For a wknd in the burbs this place was a total let down. I would never recommend any of my friends to leave the  NYC area for good eats and impeccable service. Lastly, what type of bar service/restaurant doesn't carry Grey Goose?
Salt anyone? My husband and I were treated to a meal here. Tapas all around for 5. One person also new to the restaurant  ordered their own entree. The bar was hopping, drinks were flowing and I could see why it's a fun place to hit at night, so our expectations were high. Unfortunately, while our host and daughter were chowing down all of the dishes, the three of us could barely finish the portions we were dished out. I looked around thinking it was a mistake, the chef was new, something to explain why all we tasted was the salt. We didn't want to offend the host and our lack of enthusiasm went unnoticed - as did the unfinished fish entree ordered separately. Perhaps it was an off night, but we three said we would not go back. When I heard Barcelona is a chain I thought that might be part of the problem. Still, I eat almost anything and everything, but these tapas were inedible. Maybe more margaritas could have helped with that.
three people, 7 small pates, one beer, one pitcher of sangria, one dessert...all for $120. Thats a smoking deal...in Greenwich. Adjusted for location, it really only cost us $3. The food was wonderful, service attentive, and the decor was comfortable. Two complaints: First, i was barely able to hear the person sitting directly across the table from me. I caught every 3rd word. That makes things very difficult. There are ways to address this problem. Second; two of us downed a pitcher of white sangria that could have had the alcohol content of Sunny Delight. None, zero, zip. at least we didn't need a taxi. I don't need to get hammered, but there was little, if any, booze in that pitcher, that much I know.   I'll come back, but I may stick to wine next time.
I came for drinks on a Saturday night expecting a stuffy atmosphere. I ended up staying for the great service and dance party?! Yes, it turned into a dance party and the music was on point. There was an interesting group people, mostly an older Greenwich crowd, but everyone was ready to let loose and the DJ was spinning everything from Michael Jackson to Latin music. Oh yea, about the wines, there was a broad international selection and everything (at least by the bottle) was reasonably priced. I wonder what this place is like normally, but this past Saturday it was the show.
There are some things I love about Barcelona and some things I dislike.  It's a pretty popular spot, I've only been a few times on Friday and Saturday nights. One of my dislikes would be how loud it gets. I like loud music and bars with a buzz thru out the place but if you catch this place towards the end of happy hour it's almost impossible to carry on a conversation with someone.  Another reason for that might be because the tables are about 8 inches from each other. I don't mind ease dropping but every time someone gets up you have to hold on to your wine glass and prepare for a table bump. It can get annoying.    They do have a nice wine list with some good values and a great cocktail menu. This place is a little on the expensive side and I would like to see some different food options once in a while. They've had the same cheeses on the menu for a year or so. I haven't been disappointed with any of the tapas dishes so far.  I'm a big fan of the fig and chorizo dish along with the meatballs and charcuterie plate. If you're looking for an exciting spot with a group of friends it's always nice to do tapas and share a bunch of different dishes.
I eat here a few times a month and the food is fantastic. Menu changes seasonally but right now the hanger steak, grilled octopus, Brussels sprouts, cauliflower torta, chickpeas and potato bravas are my favs. I always have the tapas and always dine at the bar. The service is exceptional, everyone is friendly and helpful from management on down. The only negative is the low ceiling and not all bar seats have a view of the TVs.
Excellent food. Excellent service. Excellent ambiance. My husband and I love coming to Barcelona for dinner! It is an overall wonderful experience. The staff is incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating. We always order tons of tapas and enjoy the variety and high quality of the ingredients. The menu changes seasonally and there is always something exciting and new to try. At dinner tonight, our waiter Oscar was very friendly and attentive. We have always been extremely happy with the waiters. The manager is constantly circulating the floor and is very hands on with the clients. The attention to detail is much appreciated.
Outstanding service and great food! My dad and I went in for dinner and loved everything except for the eggplant. We mentioned this off hand to the waiter, when he asked why we hadn't finished it. The manager then came over and told us that desert was on them because we didn't love every part of our meal. Truly some of the nicest wait staff out there!
Went for dinner last night. I had 5 different appetizers: the hanger steak with black truffle, hamachi with oranges and hearts of palm, patatas brava, drunken goat cheese a la plancha, and a final dish consisting of zucchini and mint in a delicious sauce. I paired all of that with the Vinos de Cataluna, a "flight" of 3 wines of that region. Heavenly. Boyfriend went a different direction and had the ribeye steak, delicious, with a glass of the Casarena. Finished with cafe con leche and flan. Quite lovely. The food here is amazing. The service is very good. The temperature fluctuates a lot, bring a jacket. I did have some challenges hearing my boyfriend who was sitting across from me. Overall, I had an evening of excellent food and drink in a beautiful place and I'll be back again and again.
