I've been here a few times, especially when I was an undergrad and my pre-Yelp days but what can you not say about the Palisades Center. I don't think it's possible to walk through this store in a day, so I'm not even sure if I've been everywhere I've wanted to. This mall has the bid department stores and other chain stores but it also has a lot of entrainment places and restaurants. Yes you've got the movie theater and your fast food court, but there is also an ice rink, D&B's, a climbing/jungle gym thing, a ferris wheel, and full sized restaurants such as Yard House. You can easily get lost here but they have plenty of directories to help you out. We parked in the underground parking lot because it was difficult to find parking and had to take the elevator into the mall. It had to be the slowest moving elevator I have ever witnessed. It didn't come to the basement for a good five minutes, and by then a sizable group was now waiting to board. We didn't see any staircases near the elevators which was weird and potentially hazardous. It's called the Palisades Center because it is so much more than your average mall.
Wow, this mall has everything. Shops, restaurants and entertainment. I've never seen Target, Best Buy, Home Depot, Staples in a mall. They have a ferris wheel, carousel in there for kids. They even have Dave and Buster's in there. It will take a good half day to really walk this mall and shop. Would go back if in town.
This place is a goldmine if you have small kids that you're looking to entertain. Aside from typical kid oriented stores like Lego, Disney, Build a Bear etc, they also have a carousel, ferris wheel, and numerous amusements. And of course, you can finish it all off with lunch or a snack in the food court. That's a nice 3-4 hours worth of stuff to do, easily. For everyone else, all I can say is that it's pretty much your standard collosal mall with all the typical shops you'd expect to find plus superstores like Best Buy and Target. Plenty of parking too.
This mall has so much! Stores, ferris wheel, carousel, ice rink, movies, and more!
I'm a frequent patron here. It's a all in one location. I love the bowling alley, comedy club. Dave and busters. Imax theater. Etc...You can't go wrong here.
They have almost everything and that's all they have going for themselves. One of the junkiest malls I've visited given the circumstances. Have you seen the layout??  And decor. What decor? Exactly! It has the personality of a fire box (strict fire code prevents that). Parking is a mess, getting in and out is difficult and being alongside the NYS thruway is not an asset let me tell you.  At times, this stretch of highway is a parking lot. There are simply too many floors and with all the stores being spread out, makes for a very incohesive shopping experience. Prepare to bring VERY comfortable shoes. You're going to walk, A LOT.  Paired with the vast volume of customers from both NJ and NY makes for disgruntled shoppers. They've had trouble aligning all the correct themed stores for a long time but luckily have been able to start getting them together... on the same floors so as not to make your life hell having to go searching for what you need. HOWEVER, the food court separate from the restaurant and snack/desserts drives me nuts. 2 stars for atmosphere, 3.5 for attractions, 2.5 for unique experience! Lastly, recent additions like Dave & Busters, Lucky Strike Bowling and an ice skating rink provide a sense of destination, but this is one destination I'll gladly pass on next time... Unless i turn into a zombie mall walker.
By far the best mall in the immediate area. Between the various stores / restaurants / movie theaters and assorted activities you can easily spend a full day here. Spacious - even when crowded - the mall has been upgraded a bit to compensate for its original architectural faults. Recent "stale" restaurants have been turned over with fresh options. (Note: We're not talking "fine dining" here which shouldn't be expected at any mall). Strong Anchor Stores here from Best Buy to Target & JC Penny. Located across the Loews Theater the large comfortable Barnes and Noble provides a welcome visit before or after a movie. The theater itself looks a little worn and unkempt. Something needs to be done here as employees look disinterested. My visits have been throughout the afternoon - no evenings Free parking always a plus - especially here.
Wow, this place is humongous. Compared to the malls around my area in NJ, the Palisades Mall has everything I could have imagined and then some. An ice skating rink, a climb adventure rope course, a bowling alley, and an IMAX theater are just some of the attractions you can enjoy at this mall. As some of the previous reviews have stated, the mall is very large and I suggest wearing comfortable shoes if you choose to explore all the areas. Overall, I enjoy this mall very much. The vast variety of stores and attractions make the drive worth it. Avid shoppers will find the Palisades as a real treat. Give this place a try!
I am positive my boyfriend has been hiding this mall from me, because I now want to go back every weekend! We went on Sunday around noon on labor day weekend, and easily found a parking spot. It's HUGE and definitely one of the biggest malls I've ever been to. We had lunch at Joe's Crab Shack, and it was great! The mall was relatively empty, which surprised me for how glorious it was!. BUT, by the time we left around 3:45, the parking lot was a giant disaster. It took us about 20 minutes just to get out of there, and the drivers were vicious. I'm glad we went relatively early, because if I had seen the parking lot coming in at that time, we would have left. Bonus: there is a ferris wheel, ropes course and rock climbing wall! Seriously, could this place get any better?!?
This place is surreal. It's like an airport without the planes and a city without housing. They have an ice rink AND a Comedy Club. As far as stores go, it's your typical mall fare. It's a great destination option if you happen to live in Bergen County NJ where Blue Laws still exist. Only about half an hour  up the road a piece and a fairly straight shot on the Palisades Parkway a worthwhile ride once you get there and see how damn huge the place is.
One of the biggest malls in america that just went and had a whole renovation. It looks like and all but i honestly dont see any stores that i like to go to often.  I used to be all into shopping and getting the newest gear but that has since changed.  You can mostly only find me here 2-4 times a month and its usually late at night to catch up to get beers at one of the bars on the fourth floor with friends.   Other than that its a mall. where people shop.  elder people walk around to get their exercise and for young kids to loiter.   Pros: Its a mall? CONS: no more x-zone no more good arcades movie theatre isnt the best bathrooms are usually dirty
This place is your go-to spot if you don't like large crowds in the city. This spots have a lot of A-class stores that you can find anything your looking for from sizes to food it's all in one place. One suggestion would be to come during weekdays usually quiet and the experience is overall better. High marks here from me
Very courteous and friendly sales person (Christina) with a melting smile,  easy return and then buy again, very neat store, the only con: no air condition in the dressing room
Pretty much the best mall I've been to in a long time! I used to come to Palisades often when I was growing up and always remember how huge it was. Imagine my surprise 10 years later when it's even bigger than I remembered! We are talking 4 levels of places to eat, shop and activities to do. There are two sides to the food court with multiple offerings as well as chain restaurants, movie theaters, Dave n Busters, a Target, full sized department stores, as well as your usual mall stores. What always shocks me about Palisades is just the sheer size of it. I think someone could spend the entire day at Palisades and not get bored. There's an arcade, bowling, laser tag, movies, and to top it off- they have this really cool climbing adventure that is 5 stories tall! It goes from the basement parking level to the 4th floor! Just watching people go from level to level left me panicked and shocked. Okay.. So maybe Palisades isn't the greatest mall in the world. I'm a Brooklyn girl after all and the malls in my neighborhood are sorely lacking (Yelp Kings Plaza if you want an idea). But Palisades will always have a place in my heart. Rip Rainforest Cafe!
This mall has bad decor and feels like a warehouse.  If you are shopping for clothes or going to the IMAX, it may be an acceptable choice, but I would personally prefer the Garden State Plaza.  The only attraction, in my opinion, is the good mix of restaurants on the 4th floor.
A mall that seems too big for its own good, Doesn't have everything that a shopping center should. There are a million and one place to eat, But when walking around why can't I find a seat? This place is a fun day trip, but you will be exhausted when you leave. First you will have to battle through about 5 traffic lights off the highway and then spend a long, stressful time searching for a parking space. Once you get in, you'll quickly find that there aren't enough benches to sit on, yet they have huge open spaces in the hallways where they could easily put a couple seats. I had to sit on a potted plant. The Ferris wheel is fun and only $2 a person. There were a few good chain restaurants, some of which I had always wanted to try. Might come back on a rainy day if I'm in the mood to get stressed out.
I can't lie, this is one of my favorite malls to go to. They have so much more than just a bunch of stores. I mean, as soon as you walk in there's a huge climbing / tightrope looking thing that spans 2 or 3 whole floors. There's probably just as many arcades and kid-themed places inside this mall as there are stores, so it's a great place to bring the whole family. I have a lot of memories of my mom coming here with her friends and her friends families, then as soon as we walk in, the moms would go off in one direction to shop and the dads would take all the kids to the arcades for the day. Now that I'm older, I appreciate the variety of stores they have a lot more than I used to. There are stores to cater to anyone you can think of. Men, women, old, young... you name it, they'll find something. There are also lots of really good places to eat. You can grab something cheap from Burger King or you can have a nice sit-down meal at one of the restaurants. It kind of reminds me of the huge malls in Jersey, but Palisades does it even better. I just can't get over the sheer variety that this one place has. It really is a mecca. But with that said, it can be a bit overwhelming and it is always packed with people. Since I have to cross a pretty expensive toll to get here, I don't come very often. But whenever I do, I always leave with bags and bags of stuff and a huge smile on my face.
Shop in Paramus & Bergen County, NJ.... NO tax on shoes and clothes !!! New Yorkers themselves cross the border for savings money, also much cleaner and better malls and cheaper shopping in nearby NJ.
Holy cow! This mall is HUGE! Coming back from woodbury, we stopped by this place to maybe catch a movie and regret eating elsewhere before coming here. This place had so many options for food! The mall is kept clean and very spacious. So many different things to do here, watching movies, shop, eat, bowling, etc.
I am not a fan of malls at all but I enjoy the Palisades when it's quiet and avoid it at all costs when it's not.  I will not go here during the holidays as it's just too crazy.  When it's busy, it's insane and there is no parking. I don't know why people complain about the valet parking as it's free. It is easy to get lost here and can be very difficult to find your way once you do.  The movie theater is good, the rope climb is fun but a lot of places like Dave & Busters are usually too crowded.  The signage is very bad for such a large and confusing place and it's hard to tell where things are from the signs. But if you get there first thing in the morning, especially when school is in, it's very pleasant. It has a lot of nice shops and restaurants.
THEY HAVE EVERYTHING HERE.   Except an organized, easy to explore food court and an Apple Store.   We came for lunch and an Apple Store. Mall fail.
This mall is huge. I've only been here a handful of times as it is a 90 minute drive. The top floor theEATery is great. There are a ton of restaurants, a theater, bowling alley, ice rink and a Dave & Busters. You could spend a lot of time there and it's also nice for people that don't want to shop.  I give the top floor 5'stars. The shopping itself could be better. If you are looking for a sports store there are a bunch of them.  For the size of the mall and number of stores, I expected a bigger variety of high end and low end. The selection here is mid to low end for the most part. The parking is also not the greatest. It is a hassle greeting in and out and there is one part where outside of the garage exit where it is a free for all. Needs a better flow.  I know it's a big mall but I've been to the mall of America and the driving in and out of the mall is much smoother.
As far as malls go, its OK. There is a huge selection of retail stores on four (4) floors, a large variety of (albeit mediocre) food venues, including a bunch of formal sit-down dinner choices, and both regular and IMAX theaters. Escalator and elevator service is abundant and efficient, but there are wings on the first few floors where visiting qualifies as bona-fide aerobic exercise. On the downside, evenings and weekends are a madhouse, and parking is an adventure, despite both indoor and outdoor parking.
NY sales tax is a bummer. This place has almost everything you need. Plenty of restaurants and otehr offereing at the food court. AMC theater is clean.
There are a ton of stores, but the place is just HUGE. It's too huge.  It's a monstrosity.   The good: * This mall has just about everything you'd want in a mall...and then some.  There is a movie theatre, IMAX theatre, Dave & Busters, ice skating rink...and the list goes on. * Sunday shopping for Bergen County residents. * Finally getting a much needed remodel. Well, they are putting down flooring instead of bare concrete.  That's something. * There's a Target and a Barnes & Noble. The bad: * It's just TOO big. * It's still just TOO big * Too big Think I think it's too big?  I'd much better go somewhere that's a manageable size.  All that space and no Nordstroms.  Sad.
First of all, I was raised in Paramus, the world Mecca of malls, so I know a little about them and how they can be transformed. I did not like the Palisades center initially because it was too industrial and antiseptic. Lately, however, the mall is going through a transition. It is becomeing more upscale with finer food establishments, sports bars, improved "box" stores (a fabulous BJ's), and better clothing stores. The New Yorker and ProMod, for instance, are great values for the fashion, and will make you thinks twice about paying the sales tax on clothing if shopping on a Sunday. Bravo on the transitions.
Ok, so today was my first visit to this place. My first impression thought from the outside view "this must be better than the roosevelt field mall" :D. well, at least from the outside. but from the inside "under construction"..? 0.o. As soon as i stepped in, a feeling of missing sthg. dragged me all the way the hallway. After a while walking back and forth, finally realized that what's missing was the light xD. 'cause it was somewhat dark and lifeless. The mall offers a large variety of retail department stores. Therefore, I kinda lost track to where i was going to. The only thing that made me not regret too much of coming, as far as clothing stores is a concerned was "Uniqlo". I ended up grabbing some great deals! color pants for $12.90 and 2 for 12 pack of underwear :D...Strangely, after shopping at that place, I somewhat lost interest in even taking an inside-look at H&M uhmm...i could've probably be exhausted from spending a while at uniqlo tho... Furthermore, The food court had its pros and cons. The pros are that food is cheaper than your local mall ones. At least for the "little tokyo" restaurant where i ordered. So idk about the rest lol...(correct me if i'm wrong). and the cons is that the position in which each restaurants are situated, make you think that's all they have "cause you're hardly  able to see the rest unless you take an effort to walk more around. (Only if you are newbie).. Anyways, i enjoyed getting to know this mall. However, the only thing i disliked about this trip is the comeback "toll bridge" grrrrr.....$13 0.0 which i was unaware of that because i expected my gps to skip that route and it fcking didn't!!
THis is so much more than a mall my friends.  This is like a mini Paramus NJ in one. This is like every department store u can think of under one roof. Im just going to list them all as my review so you get what im trying to emphasize here. Target,Macy's, Home Depot, BJ's, Dave and Busters,  Barnes and Noble, JC Penny, Best Buy, Yardhouse, Chilis, McDonald's, Hibachi Factory, Lucky Strike Lanes, TGIF's, Buffalo Wild Wings... Outback Steakhouse too. The food court has Popeyes, KFC, Taco Bell, Nathan's , Subway, Cheese Boy, Charley's, salad works, Bk and more. O yeah they have a Cheesecake Factory , Dicks sporting Goods, modells, sports authority, Burlington Coat Factory, and an ice skating rink on the top floor. Amc lowes theatre too. Never seen so much under one roof. It's literally an all in one mega mall. Some Malls may be nicer. Sure. This mall is going under an extensive indoor aesthetic renovation. So it will look like new soon. I live in NJ and love all my malls, but there is nothing like the Palisades Mall. They have a Levity Lounge comic club in there too! I saw Russel Peters there. Joes Crab Shack, 24 hr IHOP, Red Robin Burgers and every little mall store u can think of. No Prada, Louis or Gucci or Neiman or Nordstrom. Come experience this place. O yeah! An indoor Ferris wheel too.. O and a NY Sports club with a climbing wall too! Apple Store and Bed Bath and Beyond. O and an official IMAX theatre ( the only one in like the 30 mile radius) OPEN 7 DAYS! A Staples too!
Mall heaven. This mall is the greatest. It has everything you could possibly need including some kiddy rides and activities.  The only reason I took off a star is because if you're going to visit this place, you definitely need to get your walking shoes ready because it takes a while to walk from one end to another and I'm a lazy bitch sometimes.   Parking can be a bit of a nightmare though and extremely confusing if you've never been here before.  If you're new to this place, the easiest place to park is by Target
I love this mall!! This is my new spot! They have everything! All the clothing stores I shop at, the restaurants I love, bowling, dave and busters, two movie theatres, ice skating. You can't go wrong here..
In my New Yorker days, this has got to be the most circus-y mall I've ever been to! I love that there is a giant Ferris wheel inside of this mall! Okay, let me get a ride!!!! LOL. It is just fun here. I can't wait to come back when I am in the area! I love it here! Every mall should be festive like this!
Let me start by saying this mall is heaven i live 45 minutes away the drive isn't bad one toll that's only a couple dollars nothing serious me and my friends go here every now and then to chill shop eat etcetera now i am a veteran of this mall been here a couple hundred times people say the parking is bad well up top yeah but the underground parking garage is very easy to get in and there's always places to park because people don't ever want to walk from the back of the garage (Which takes no effort or time) defiantly take a picture of the section you park in or write it down because after a day in this mall it can be hard to remember where you parked (Defiantly for new people to) as far as stores go they have everything over 400+ stores you name it you will find it so finding your favorite store isn't hard there are 4 floors though and the mall is very long so work your way around and remember up stairs is almost all restaurants where your walking shoes because it is a HUGE MECCA of a mall (Number 11 in the USA) overall you can't go wrong going here there is everything from places to shop to a ferris wheel to MASSIVE movie theater (Thanks imax) Only Cons are parking if you don't know the sweet spots and actually getting off the highway.
This place looks like an absolute shit hole.  I grew up here and have been here more times than I could remember.  This place helped make me who I am today.   But between the rat infestation, the sinking, the stench, the crime, the shooitngs (actually none in the past few years) and the lack of any kind of renovations on 3/4 of the mall .. dont be surprised about a low to mid class experience. It's great because there are a lot of stores, but it draws a below average crowd.
This is one of the best malls in NY ever.  I mean it is sort of far even from the Bronx and you will pay I guess over $7.50 in tolls going there but it is such a fun place.  This mall has a great food court (standards like Sarku Japan-type stuff, Burger King, Wendys), but nice spots like The Cheesecake Factory, some Japanese place where my favorite Chinese buffet used to be, Fridays, Chili's and Yardhouse.   -Love going to the Dave and Buster up here. This one is the best, it makes the one in times square look like a piece of crap.  They even still have my favorite game Derby Owners Club here.   -4 Large Floors, Gigantic mall with so many shops like Victoria's Secret, Gamestop (too small though it was too damn crowded) , Abercrombie and Fitch, Home Depot, Lucky Strike Bowling, Apple Store Target, Best Buy, and Starbucks. This felt like it was such a nice environment compared to most other malls, worth the 45 minute drive or so from the Bronx, believe dat!!!!! Also,  lots of cute white girls here that is always cool too. I am not the only person that would say that.  Also, Love the AMC IMAX movie there here. -Only problem I can think of it is so big, who knows where the fuck you parked your car after you been shopping for 7 or 8 hours.  Was just here with family, December 26th and crowd was not too bad but yeah lost like you would not believe saying which entrance did we come in.  It took about 10 minutes but yeah we manage to find the car (oh yeah NY Sports Club Entrance).  Also if you are on a tight schedule and only devote two hours to walk around the whole place, you will be there for much longer I almost guarantee it and you will then get hungry so you have to eat at one of those random places here.
I love the Palisades. You can find pretty much everything here. The one place they're missing in my book is Tiffany's :) My issue with the Palisades is that it's HUGE. You pretty much have to have a plan of what stores you plan on going to first and foremost. If you're going because you want to, WEAR SNEAKERS!
OMG this is a huge freaking mall.  I grew up in NJ, so although this is an impressive one, I didn't visit it TOO many times because let's be honest, there are like 4 other malls in a 30-minute drive in any direction from where I lived. Anyway, let's start here: THIS MALL HAS A FERRIS WHEEL!  Yes, I'm serious.  I've never gotten on it but it's there in the food court about 2 tall mall-floors high. I stopped by the day after the busiest day of the year: essentially Black Saturday (Black Friday weekend, in case you have no idea what I'm referring to.)   It was chaotic, yes. We went for the surprise party we were attending at Dave and Busters (see my 2-star review of that sweaty business sock.) I desperately wanted to check out the new Uniqlo that was supposed to be open in Sept 2012.. but it was no where to be found in Nov 2012 despite the big sign on the outside of the building. So to appease me, my BFF suggested Cotton On - LOVE IT.  Great store, Palisades, thank you! Anyway, back to the actual review - Palisades is 4 laaarge floors with the top being filled with restaurants, a movie theater and even a Target!  I won't go and name every single store because you can get that on the website I'm sure, and a number of other people listed off some great places in their reviews.. BUT I did notice the escalators are stopped after mall/store hours, so hopefully you don't have to meet someone on the 4th floor (or actually, you can just take the elevator).  The other really cool thing is you get off the exit and are automatically spewed into the parking lot. I can see people being totally not into this place if you live close by.  It's like living a block from DisneyWorld - it's probably a clusterhump from open to close, filled with tourists and annoying shoppers. BUT it's got everything !!  Plus, I don't live in state anymore, so I like it.  Hmph.
Really big and tough to navigate for an out-of-towner. Lacks super high end shopping. Will benefit from remodeling (ongoing). Probably a good place to bring kids, as ferris wheel and ropes course are hilarious. Tons of parking and fast food options as well.
Have been going to the Mall for more that 15 years. I was at Zuni Wireless on the bottom floor looking for a cell phone case. They had one I wanted but was damaged. The women there said to pay her and then go upstairs to their other booth and they would give me a new one. I paid and went upstairs. They did not have a new case. I went back and told the woman they did not have the case and she refused to give me my money back. She was the one who sent me to the other location! I then took her picture and she assaulted me trying to get my phone. I went to customer service and they said they had numerous complaints about them. BUYER BEWARE. Do not buy from Zuni Wireless at the Nyack Mall. I called Eric Price, the leasing manager but as of this writing have received no response. Other than this vendor...the mall is great. My first problem in 15 years.
1) for those of us who grew up in Rockland in the 90s, this will always be "the new mall" 2) this place looks like some sort of giant warehouse that was turned into a mall (i.e. it's not a pretty place) 3) all of the usual mall store suspects are represented here, though some people complain that it's lacking "high-end" stores (it is, but i'm not really a baller or seeking to take on a copious amount of credit card debt, so this place works for me!) 4) lots of food options (including my most favorite restaurant chain, the Cheesecake Factory [don't laugh, assholes]) 5) the bathrooms are disgusting and you'll feel like your trip to go pee should have come with a free tetanus shot IT'S A MALLLLLLLLLL! don't lick the floor.
This mall is lame. I worked here too in HS. B&N. I liked the people I worked with, but I did not like this mall. The parking here is terrible. And there's a smell. Where does that smell come from? I'm not sure. It seeps into your clothes. The service elevator freaked me out here. All the heaviest entertainment showcases are on the fourth floor. Dave&Busters, the Ice Skating Rink, a 3D ride, movie theater, IMAX theater, Target, B&N. What have you. The Native American story...I've heard that one. It's built on their graves. Disturbing their peace. You can see some of the graves still. They're in this fenced in little area. It's unmarked last time I checked. Also, the mall is sinking. And the design is purposefully confusing and gaudy and in-your-face to confuse you, make you change directions, make you seek refuge in a store or three, buy something to calm your nerves. That's just disturbing. I guess when you have nowhere else to go, and the mom & pop stores close down, because they can't afford to stay open (because everyone's going to the Cheesecake factory or those big departmenet stores or taking a ride on the ferris wheel or going to the food court or doing whatever the hell it is we all do or did in this monstrous concrete ughville), then you don't really have a choice, do you? Because after all, this ugly mess has wiped out the competition and where else are you going to see a movie or buy those clothes/scented candles/toilet paper/cds/etc... Ugh. That's what I say to that.
Palisades... you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me Happy when skies are gray... Fine so your only flaw is you are not in NYC.... The best Dave & Busters i have been to... My addiction to Lucky Strike Bowling began here... Ice Skating in the mall, I felt like i was back in Canada... Cleanest Movie Theatre... Biggest B&N bookstore... The chocolate candy shop that you can watch them make all of the candy apples and chocolate from the window (they stole my idea BTW)... Store after store after wonderful shopping store... Rock Climbing wall... NYSC inside the mall for some eye candy as you shop and eat like a piggy... Virtual Reality Rides... And on the top floor a strip of restaurants, anything you can imagine, cheesecake factory, chili's, applebee's, Friday's, johnny rockets, qdoba, Chevy's, empire buffet, a sushi place with the spinning table.... Bottom line the mall was definitely designed by a parent who was listening to what their child thought of as the world's best mall... this is the mecca of great date places....
Definitely a bigger mall. 4 floors full of shops and your random eatery stands randomly scattered in the middle. The following are noteworthy shops that I appreciate this mall for having: Target Metropark H&M** Apple BCBGMAXAZRIA Red Mango Jamba Juice Buffalo Wild Wings** The Red Mango isn't an actual store though. It's one of those stands right smack dab in the middle of the mall but it still offers the usual items. The H&M is surprisingly a nice size but their inventory was mostly bleh to me. I know it's Spring and the colors for the season are supposed to be bright and colorful but H&M always has a nice selection of the darks. This store didn't have much. Probably about 10% of the store. It was kind of disappointing. The one redeeming quality were the oversized cardigans they had. I've been looking for them EVERYWHERE. The staff are pretty nice here. I noticed they always took the time to say hi to the customers. They have a bunch of restaurants here as well. Cheesecake, Chevy's, and THE best Buffalo Wild Wings. I was really taken by surprise with this mall. I honestly wasn't expecting much. I will be making a couple more trips here before I head back home. Looking for Tuscanesque furniture? The Kirkland Home store on the first floor has beautiful items at prices that are such a steal. Most of the items are on sale and one of the employees said a lot of their items run out fast especially over the weekend. My sister bought a dark-framed mirror 24x36" and it was on sale for $30 and she bought something similar at Lowe's for $70! AND the Lowe's frame was smaller. They have items like throw pillows, serving dishes, aprons, etc. **Top choices.
This is the second largest mall in the United States. My favorite stores include New York Sports Club, Starbucks, Japanese Sushi Restaurant with sushi belt, Movie Theatre, IHOP, Modells, Sports Authority, Old Navy, 99 cent store, Cohen's Optical. There is a Post office. There is free indoor and outdoor parking, but of course get here early to get a spot. The mall is open on Sundays. There is a JC Penny to buy dockers pants. You can watch sports here at a bar, or people watch. There is an Ice Rink. There is a Shoprite across the street on rt59. There is a spacious food court with lots of seating and options. You can spend a whole day here if you wanted to.
Seriously, why all the positive reviews for this place - it is horrible. I too must be biased as I grew up when the Nanuet Mall was the best thing around. But this place is.. Dirty Poorly maintained Horribly built Terrible parking Worse exiting on a busy day Movie theatre is trash compared to the one in Garden State Plaza Positives are only that it employs a lot of people. But in reality, this is a substandard mall in a terrible location (right next to the Tappan Zee Bridge is nightmare for traffic). I do everything I can to avoid this place, I shop on the internet almost exclusively because I hate going here. Take a look at the Garden State Plaza - it is very clean and well maintained. I believe it is the same size as well.
Um, I had no idea what  a mall was until I went here. This is ridiculous! It's just short of a roller coaster to make it bigger than the Mall of America! If you want it, and it's mid-range retail, it's probably here. You won't find the Gucci, Louis Vitton or Burberry stores here, but rather, you'll find the stuff you want like Gap, Banana Republic, Best Buy and Ann Taylor. There's also a few interesting local stores. I stopped in for one for pets, and while everything was cute, they didn't have I [HEART] NY shirts in my mom's dog's sizes. Then the mall has a movie theater and an IMAX theater. For real! They have a karaoke machine that will record you and a sweet food court. The Barnes & Noble on the top floor is pretty rad too. A tip I can give about this place is use the underground parking lot so that your car doesn't get all freakishly hot when you're done shopping (which will take a few hours at least!)
I recently visited the Palisades. The arcade that was there for many years is gone. It was replaced by a Dick's Sporting Goods (does the mall need another sporting goods store? It already has a Modell's and Sports Authority). In order to assuage people who were upset because of the closing of the arcade, they have this new jungle gym above the atrium. It's for both kids and adults and it costs $15. Since I'm scared of heights, I didn't try it. The people who used it looked like they were having fun. How can anyone hate a mall with so many shopping and dining options? The mall even has bars and a bowling alley. It's like a mini city. There's something for everyone here. The mall is convenient if you live in Westchester or Rockland County. However, the mall is far from NYC. I likely won't return to the mall. The Tappan Zee Express Bus that links the Tarrytown Metro-North station to the mall is unreliable. It's a long, 3 hour journey from Queens to the Palisades. Furthermore, the vast majority of these stores have locations in the city. I've had many pleasant experiences at the Palisades, but since the arcade is gone, I have no real incentive to make the long journey to Rockland County.
You know what? It's a big mall, it has a lot to offer, but not a lot of parking space. No one likes valet parking. So why even bother? Which is why you choose to drive around for two hours looking for a parking spot. There's BJ's Wholesale, Lord and Taylor, Barnes & Noble, "Tar-zhay," the IMAX experience (this is where I saw Batman with Heath), ice skating rink, Abercrombie and Fitch (NOT!) Welcome to America.
The thing I like most about this mall is that there's so much to choose from. If I need to get something, I know I can go to the Palisades and get it (for the most part). Another great aspect is a wide variety of restaurants to choose from. Also, there's an AMC movie theater there, which is the only movie theater I ever go to in Rockland County... not sure what I would do without that. The Palisades is different because it has a carousel, ice rink, bowling alley and a ferris wheel... not things many malls have. On the other hand, the Palisades is unaesthetic, smelly, shaky and many of the people who shop their are mutant-like. Don't get me started on how people act in the parking lot. They're in their own world. I often dread going to this mall, but I can't hide the fact that it's convenient and bearable if you go at the right time.
This is a mall for everyone. About a hour and a half drive from brooklyn. There was a huge theme park going on across from Home Depot and BJ when I was there. You can shop for everything here from grocerices to home improvement to clothing. Breakfast at iHop wasn't overbearing. It was quick and effecient. Afterwards walked over to Jamba Juice and got a mango go-go. Ann Taylor and LOFT made me happy by getting some causal clothing. I think I spent too much time here cause there was too much stuff. Will do this again if more organized next time haha.
Its worth the 40 minute drive and a few tolls to get there from Queens. Its very clean and It never seems to be over crowed. They have a lot of good stores, a movie theater, bowling alley, rope challange, hockey ring, restaurants, etc There is a little bit for everyone.
There's a legend that no one works here for more than 2 weeks because the workers get scared off by the ghosts of angry Native Americans who are pissed off because their sacred ground has been commercialized and whored out to dirt-mall owners. Also, when you're inside, you can actually feel the floors shake and shift with the wind. (Tell yourself it's just the wind.) This place has stores that you've never heard of and that probably aren't actually stores but some old lady's hobby house for crochet and $1 douchebags. That last one is actually for sale at the dollar store in the mall, by the way. No joke. Speaking of douchebags, here's why there's absolutely no parking at this mall: Some genius roped off a huge lot and designated it valet parking only, for $5 per car. This means that when there is absolutely no parking anywhere else at the mall, there are TONS of empty spaces in... you guessed it... the valet parking lot! This crap should be illegal, and probably is. The Beast Mall (tm). Remember where you saw that moniker, and give credit where credit is due. It rises along the side of Route 59 like the disgusting beast it is. Listen to your gut and the Native Americans, and RUN AWAY.
This is a great mall if you're looking to waste a day. It's got tons of stores, restaurants (they've added new restaurants on the 4th floor too), fun for kids (merry-go-around, balloons, Ferris wheel, tightrope/climbing apparatus, etc)., and for adults (bowling, theater, etc). Elevators can get crowded w/ strollers, and are generally pretty slow, but I know that if I wanted to take the kids somewhere in-doors just to waste the day away, this would be a great option.
This is a cool mall, 4 levels, so many stores.. Lots of food choices.. Bet part to my kids are the rides.. Theres a ferris wheel, ice skating rink, roller coaster, imax movie theatre and newest best thing was a obstacle course in the middle of the mall.. People wearing harnesses walking on tight ropes and such.. Looked like fun.. I wasnt too thrilled to see no net below it though. That was a bit surprising.   My biggest complaint about this mall is the entry from. Rt 59. You can barely see the sign and Inpassed right by it, had to u turn but you cant do it for a few streets down.. Very frustrating...
One of the best malls with affordable stores n relation to others like Short Hills and The Westchester.  The parking is insane... it has taken me up to a 1/2 hr to find a spot but that will not deter me from my love of the place! They have every store you could possibly think of: Bed Bath and Beyond, Target, Best Buy, Staples, Gap, Abercrombie, Old Navy, Modell's, Macy's, Lord & Taylor, H&M, Banana Republic, an Apple store... I could go on and on.   You can also expect to find an abundance of restaurants: Cheesecake Factory, Chevy's, TGIFriday's, Outback, etc... also with a food court on each side of the 3rd level which has plenty of places to eat. On the 4th floor they also have a nice big movie theater that has stadium seating and a new bowling alley which when I went there on a Saturday night was PACKED to the max... The bowling alley also has a restaurant/bar inside if you do decide to wait for a lane.  Also on the 4th floor is a hockey rink (not too sure about free skate or anything like that) and Dave and Buster's which I would avoid in the day because of kids but after 10 or 10:30 you have to be over 21. Its a good way to spend a rainy Saturday or to beat the heat with free AC!
The Taco Bell here is really good. But other than that, I love the concept of Palisades, but hate the execution. You would think "ERMAHGERD GIGANTIC MALL HAS ALL THE OPTIONS!" Why wouldn't it? The place is the size of a small city and has practically every store known to man. It's like a fortress of capitalist goodness. Buuuut... While there are many stores, the selection in the stores is abysmal. The Torrid? Puny. Hot Topic? Miniscule. The only store with a decent selection is Aeropostale and that's because it isn't ransacked like the ones closer to the city. The food selection isn't that great, either, and the Cheesecake Factory was packed by practically 4 P.M. Overall, however, the mall is a fun place to kill a few hours and the bus ride there is nice. Brotip: There is a cemetery in the back of the mall. It's kind of hard to get to, but it's worth a look if you have the time.
Growing up in Westchester, I didn't mind making the trek to Rockland County for the Palisades Center because it catered to my needs and interests the most, out of all the popular malls nearby. THE GALLERIA was way too ghetto, sketchy and dirty. There were way too many stories of shootings happening there. THE WESTCHESTER MALL is way too high end for me. It suits the typical "Westchester mom" too much, in my opinion. All the stores carry items that are overpriced. You need to pay for parking as well. The Palisades fit right in between the Galleria and the Westchester. They offer a wide variety of stores and most of them are affordable. The mall itself is spacious and they offer lots of free parking. You don't have to worry about getting shot or fighting a Westchester milf for some yoga pants, and that is why I like it here. The only downside to coming here is that you have to pay $5 when crossing the Tappan Zee Bridge.
What's not to love about this mall? You've got Shopping, Dining, and Entertainment all in 1 gigantic location not to mention a crazy looking obstacle course smack in the middle of the 4 ... Insane! Pretty much anything you could want is in this mall. Only major gripe: the bathrooms ... All of them are DISGUSTING!!!
The Palisades Center is the second largest mall in the country in terms of area.  It is both the most useful concentrated area of any store you might want to visit, and the most frightening example of retail insanity on a Saturday afternoon.   Although if there were a nuclear war, I think I would want to be hunkered down here because the place is like a damn concrete fort-- full of food, clothing, and photo mugs.
Perhaps I'm biased because I live in Nyack?  However, I grew up near Paramus, NJ, the ultimate of Malls-per-square-mile, and so I feel like I'm pretty familiar with mall culture, etc.  Palisades just seems to attract the total dregs of society.  Kids play barefoot soccer on the first floor (have you folks never heard of parks??), livery drivers get in shouting fights by the Cheesecake factory entrance, the Chilli's smells like B.O., the movie theater used to be nice, but now feels really shabby with a bunch of nasty employees. I remember when this placed opened.  It was a huge deal, which nice shops, great theaters and lots of restaurants.  Now, it is just kind of gross.  A lot of closing store-fronts.  Some really nasty food court choices.  There are some good places here, but the mall, itself, should just sink into the swamp.
This is a huge mall, with a lot of stores. But, walking in this mall can be a trek since it is not circular in anyway. Therefore, I would recommend if you plan to go to a lot of stores here, then plan ahead your path. The movie theater here is good, but my favorite place here is yard house during happy hour. Unless you need to use an elevator, don't wait for one. They are next to useless when there are a lot of people in the mall, many with baby strollers. The parking lot is not so great either. I personally do not understand why they have rumble strips on the road to the back parking lot. I suppose to stop people from speeding on the curve, but t feels overdone. Overall, a decent mall in the area. But it is more worth it to go to New Jersey malls because of tax.
I did a quick stop here because a friend wanted to show me how big it was. It was early morning so most of the stores were just opening and it was pretty empty. There were some people doing daily laps around the place. Its a great exercise just walking around and seeing all the stores they have. They have an IMAX theater and even a bowling alley and Ice skating rink. I didnt see many stores I would shop in but they did have a pretty big Best Buy. Its definitely a great place to spend your weekends doing different activities if you live near by. I can imagine how packed it gets on the weekends. Parking must be insane. It was great to see such a huge mall though.
This mall sucks. It's disgusting and dirty. Trust me. Security is a bunch of ignorant a- holes.
This is, for certain, the biggest mall I've ever been to. (...and there's nothing I like more besides shopping...well..maybe eating..lol) 1 and 1/2 floor for the food court + restaurant. The mall has its own Dave and Busters, Cheesecake Factory, Bed Bath and Beyond, Best Buy, Barnes and Nobles, (just naming a few from A, B, C, D) and just about any brand name store you can think of all under one roof. It even has its own ferris wheel. This is the ultimate place you can get all your shopping done. Guys included. No one can possibly be bored here. If I was from any other state, I would road trip here and stay the night at some nearby hotel just so I can spend another day shopping here. 5 stars ++ One of two stores in New York that has Gilly HIcks ("cousin" of Abercrombie that sells mostly lingerie)
If you read my review of the Woodbury Commons Outlets, the first paragraph discusses the parking situation there.  It's bad, especially on weekends - that being said, I'd rather park at Woodbury on a weekend than the Palisades ever, unless I get there when they open. I don't know who designed the parking lot, but they should be punished by being forced to spend their days trying to find parking spots for me.  And who puts a lot that small (it may look big, but it is deceiving) in a mall that ranks in the top 5 in the country for size, in a highly urban area (NYC anyone?) That being said, I actually like the mall - it's got a good bunch of stores that I like to shop in.  I was sort of bummer when Eastern (Expensive) Mountain Sports closed up shop, as I liked to browse in there, but you can't have everything. The Barnes & Noble there is great, and I've spent more than a few hours having coffee at the Starbuck's there.  The restaurants at the Palisades are quite good - Legal Sea Food, Fox Sports Grill, etc... I like the movie theaters here - good sound and picture quality, but, as you might guess, they are a bit crowded.  I think that on weekends thousands of parents drop off their kids...and go somewhere else, laughing at the poor adults who come here. Dave & Buster's, an adult game room (pool, darts, video games, food, bar) is here, too, and that is a pretty fun destination. Don't ever come here in December, unless it's on December 25th (when they are closed) or you will regret it.  Don't say I did not warn you.
As a general rule, I hate malls.  Aside from the smell of Auntie Anne's Pretzels that permeates through them, there's not much going for them besides chain store after chain store filled with stuff I'm not interested in buying.   So why the four stars?  Well, as far as malls go, Palisades is probably the best one I've ever been to.  So if you're forced to go to a mall, make it this one.   They have insane flourishes like an Ice Skating Rink, a food court that has honest to god giant restaurants above it, and a good mix of stores so you don't feel like you're walking through a mall version of groundhog's day.   If you can avoid going to a mall, do it.  But if you're on a collision course with lethargic convenience, Palisades is the way to go.
When I first moved to NY, I didn't really like this mall.  It seemed so cavernous and ugly.  But, with time, it has really grown on me.  Every store imaginable is there, so you can really buy what you need and compare prices.   I think the best thing I like is the 4th floor- there are many restaurants (I recommend Friday's and Dave & Busters) plus a movie theater and Barnes and Nobles.  It feels fun to walk around up there on a crowded Saturday night. Another thing I like is the Target store.  You can shop and shop, but you might need dog food or toliet paper or something at home.  There aren't too many malls in America where you can pick that stuff up on your way out! Hint- park at the Home Depot and climb the cliff or run up to the Target lot.  There is almost always parking there.
I hate this mall. Seriously. I used to be a total mall chick and when I was a teenager this place was great. With a little one in tow and multiple injuries this place is like a punishment. Way too big and half full of stores that are useless. HOWEVER this is one of the only malls that has certain stores and these stores have actually good selections - Disney, Gymboree, Children's Place, Crazy 8, P.S., 77kids (soon to change to another division of American Eagle) - are you following? The kids stores are great and some of them, these are the only ones around. Kirkland's on the first floor is ok, sometimes has nice stuff but it's usually super annoying to be in there. Maybe I've gotten cranky as I've gotten older but I hate walking 4 levels of half useless stuff and getting lost because the directory is usually wrong and outdated. Not my favorite mall but on the strength of stores that only exist there it gets 3 stars. But I stand by that it's super frustrating and way too big for no good reason.
I love and hate this mall all at the same time. In short: --- It's ugly as hell. You'd think that if they could afford to build something this huge, they could at least afford make it presentable --- Parking is sometimes a bitch, depending where you park, what time you park, and the time of year -- avoid it around Christmas if at all possible!! --- It's next to a dump. That's what the smell is. It's the worst during the summer. --- It gets old pretty fast. Yea, having every store imaginable, a 21-plex theater, an IMAX theater, a bowling alley, ice skating rink and several restaurants under one roof are kinda cool, but eventually you run out of money and the stupid high school kids start to bug you. You tire of it more quickly if you work there also (as I did -- and no, it's not haunted) --- Once you get used to it, it ruins every single other mall experience you'll ever have. You will find yourself annoyed when you have to step outside the mall to hit a movie theater, laser tag, bowling alley or any other type of store that doesn't involve clothing, accessories and video games. You will find the dining establishments, even at the food court, limited. Every mall afterward (unless you hit up the Mall of America) will feel "tiny," even if it's a good size. You will fill like a snooty little bitch as you scoff at the inadequacies of "lesser" malls even though they undoubtedly surpass Palisades in certain areas (like appearance, for starters). --- That said, Palisades has a pretty good mix of stores. You've got your high-end stores (Brooks Brothers, United Colors of Bennetton, BCBG), your low-end stores (every fast-fashion chain including, but not limited to, H&M, Forever 21, Charlotte Russe), and everything in between. And they really do sell EVERYTHING from clothing, electronics, sports equipment, home decor, greeting cards, books, and musical instruments. Yea, it reeks of capitalist consumerism but it's a mall, what do you expect? --- And as ridiculous as having all that's in the mall, in the mall, it's also pretty convenient. Which is the evil genius of Palisades - it's terrible, but everything's there.
Garish and loud and situated in the middle of landfill country. This mall's a huge part of my childhood and the skating rink is always fun, so I'll try not to harp on the packs of teenage girls and moms waddling around with JUICY emblazoned on their asses. First floor is a handful of retail stores (Banana Republic, H&M, Sephora, Armani Exchange); second floor has food court; third floor has more retail; and fourth floor has movie theater, chain restaurants, ice rink, and a swath of retail wasteland. There are some offices up there, actual offices where people actually seem to be doing something. Maybe figuring out a way to keep the mall from sinking into itself one day.   Nice place to spend a day during the summer when your AC is broken or to barricade yourself in during a zombie attack. The strangest (and saddest) thing about the mall is the tiny abandoned cemetery you see on your left when you turn into the mall off Route 59. They couldn't have built a few more feet away?
The first time I came to this mall, I was shocked at how huge it was. This is one of those huge malls that gets a good rating mainly because of the restaurants and the other amenities, not the actual stores. When my wife and I were still dating, we would come here all of the time. There are many restaurants to choose from, including the Cheesecake Factory, T.G.I. Friday's, an Asian fusion restaurant (don't recall the name, but the food is great and so are the mojitos), Macaroni Grill, etc. In addition to the restaurants, there is a multiplex theater with stadium style seating. I've never been that impressed with the selection of stores. I actually think the selection is geared more towards women. Then again, most malls are LOL! Parking can be crazy around Christmas time. I would never shop here during the holidays. I learned my lesson.
Great place to walk around and people watch. Spent about 4 hours there. Doing light shopping and stopping for a coffee or smoothie break every now and then. Spent an hour on the climbing challenge. Very difficult. A lot a fun for $17. No toll going into ny for a change.
I'm one of those Jersey people that only comes to this mall on Sundays when everything in Bergen County is closed. I'm not much of a mall person to begin with, but I like this place because it's SO big that, even when it's super crowded, it doesn't seem so bad.  There are a number of restaurants, ice skating rink, I-MAX, movie theater, bowling alley and arcade, in addition to all the stores and the food court.  You can definitely make a day out of a trip to this mall.   I find that the stores in this mall change more frequently than in others.  This could be a good or bad thing, depending on what you like. Parking is a pain. It's the worst on the top floor, by Target.  But it's still not as bad as GSP. Christmas shopping here beats the hell out of navigating through the herds of shoppers in Jersey. Only downside is the sales tax.
My whole life they talked about this amazing mall they were going to build....then when I was a Junior in HS and about to leave they finally opened it.   The mall has every mall store you could want and then some...there are, in fact, 3 Bath and Body works.  It is decidedly lacking in high end stores, BCBG is about the biggest designer in the mall.  But its got in Imax, amazing movie theater, a skating rink, Home Depot, BJ's, a post office....seriously, it has everything.  The layout is easy to navigate even if the parking is not. (Here is a hint- park by Filene's.  Its the most empty part of the parking lot.)   We did get hit with a "hurricane" once and it totally flooded....I actually saw a school bus half submerged in water just outside of it which was freaky to say the least.  Yeah, it does smell like sewage, part of it is built around and on a cemetery, looks like a warehouse and its sinking into the landfill its built on but whatever.  When you grow up in Rockland County this is pretty much the only game in town.
The cracked concrete floors and greenhouse effect-inducing skylights freak me out, but overall, it's a good East Coast mall. The bowling alley is surprisingly well-designed. This place has every store you're looking for--Target, DSW, etc--but twice as big! To echo other reviewers' notes, thank god I carpooled here!
No mall is perfect, and if you expect that this mall is going to be perfect, well I don't mind being the bearer of bad news when I tell you that you're an idiot. This mall has an amazing collection stores for your convenience, and many more small stands that offer everything from lingerie to incense and scented oils and even cell phone service. This mall has a serious issue with parking, bu name a mall that accommodates parking easily? Its a mall people, parking is always going to be an issue. The fact that so many people come here is evidence enough that it serves its purpose: a convenient locale where numerous stores are situated for customers to one-stop all their shopping needs. So what if the mall is sinking or it sways and you can feel it, half of Florida is built on swamp land, we have vast amounts of reclaimed land around the world, and nobody minds. Native American burial grounds?! This whole country is built upon Native American burial grounds, along with many other African American, Chinese American, and Mexican American ones too. Should we tear down our cities? Get over it! I would love to see how many people would whine and moan if this place closed its doors and they had to drive from place to place to do their shopping and spend their weekends. Better yet, let these folk visit the wonderful Manhattan Mall, oh yeah, that's a keeper.
Honestly, what usually solidifies my decision to venture to this monster of a mall is the chance to pop into Target. With more than just a few department stores, endless attactions await, like an IMAX theater, Dave & Busters, Lucky Strike Lanes, and even a Ferris Wheel for the kiddies. So when you decide to take advantage of the above mentioned, based on your own reasoning, just remember the following: -parking can be a nightmare -people may cut you off getting on & off escalators -don't bother with the elevator -NY taxes on clothing purchases (boo hiss)
The best way to describe this mall is an IKEA. That is a huge place with a huge crazy layout with tons of things you don't need. Although it may have been an awesome place back in the day, during my short stroll around I found only a small handful of stores I'd even frequent. Teavana, Express, Sephora, and Vs  are among the only stores in this 4 story mall I'd even look at twice (and then of course Cheesecake Factory).
A good mall with lots of different stores. The top floor has all restaurants and food spots, and the lower you go the more retail you hit. One of the worst things about this mall is weekends are insane. Coming here on a Saturday during the holiday season is insane. I came here recently on a Monday that I had off, and woof the kind of people you see on during those hours are scary.
To echo other reviewers' sentiments, the parking and traffic arrangement is weird, weird, weird - exacerbated by the fact that the traffic lights onto NY-59 (on the south side) as well as onto 303/I-87 & 287 (on the northwest side) are ill-designed in terms of timing (especially the latter - drivers have less than 5 seconds of green to escape the gauntlet). Even weekday evenings can be frightful. The civil engineers who designed these intersections might need to be drawn and quartered for their work. Once I get into the mall, Barnes and Noble, the movie theaters, Target, Best Buy, DSW, Old Navy, the 3rd floor food court, and the 4th floor restaurant row are regular stops. For those who want to earn $6 an hour in cash, market surveyors sometimes prowl the fourth floor by Dave & Busters. Watch for the occasional bird flying overhead while you're indoors.
Love this mall. However because of the sales tax I prefer to do 99.9999% of shopping in the NYC metro area.
This is a mega mall and its designed to make you spend money. The low opacity logos of stores all over the floors is subliminal and yet in your face at the same time, and its a bit obnoxious, but hey you are in their house. You can get lost easily in this place, if you go into the mall through one entrance and come out at a different exit and are in a different part of the mall, you are on a different floor. So good luck finding your way back to your car, like a maze at a farm, you have to go back in and find your way out. Just be sure you buy something. They don't pay these kids to work till 10pm for nothing.
Really huge mall, the parking lot seems to be endless...this mall is not at all pretty inside, it has that old warehouse feeling which to me is very charming. The aisles are HUGE, so the mall never feels full or cramped on the busiest of days, all the major stores are here and I  always stop in here during black friday. Not too many people from the 5 boros venture out to this mall, so it's like my little secret. I really like it here and I am never overwhelmed or frustrated when shopping here.
Never really been here to shop, I don't like the structure of the mall, it's kind of square and glassy and I'm too used to a place like Crossgates which has a different vibe to it, albeit smaller. I like the movie theater here, it's up by where the restaurants are. It's a weird experienceFerrisWheel. I used to visit friendsFerrisWheel at SUNY Purchase and besides the usualFerrisWheel drinking we'd go here for the new blockbuster likeFerrisWheel School of Rock and then I'd be an asshole and innocently point out that our friend Chris had a bald spotFerrisWheel on the top of his head. Shameful of me. Anywho, there's ample space to walk around, but with so many floors it seems like a hassle to really get where you need to be; like I said I've never really bought anything from here, but as farFerris Wheel as malls go, it could get worse. Personally, if you're going to have a mall or mall-ish type place, better make it a quaint boutique plaza, or make it Gigantor ribald with every store imaginableFerris Wheel so it just becomes this awe-ful excessive head pounding experience. Anything in the middle isn't trying hard enoughFerrisWheel. Get the subliminal message? It's there. Top floor. Waiting for breakdown.
This is one of the two biggest malls in the area.  The other one being the Garden State Plaza, I like Palisades Center better. Why? Because you don't get lost inside.  The building is straight (not circle like Garden state) and 4-story.  It does not look pretty though...they need an update.   They have pretty much everything.  Movie theater, all the major clothing/shoe stores, and this one has Best Buy and Target inside.  They have all the major franchaised restaurants: I Hop, Chili's, D&B, Cheesecake factory and Buffalo Wild Winghouse.  Do not expect any fancy store at Palisades Center.  If that's what you are looking for, you should go to Gardern State. Good place to shop and hang out with your friends!
The dumbest idea for a mall.  Stick every single imagionable stores in one area and let people fight it out for parking. Last time there, I circles for alomost 90 mins then decided that this is stupid.  Why not go to a real mall that isn't stuck to Target, HD, and BJ's.
Oh my gosh BIG BIG BIG mall!  Get your most comfiest shoes on cause' you're going to do alot of walking or at least I think you are!  Just think exercising and shopping all in one place. :o) This gargantuous place has alot of mid-priced stores. You won't find Saks or Neiman Marcus or Max Mara at this mall but it's cool that they have an ice skating rink , Dave & Busters for the carnival-ish games and pool tables, IMAX theater, and the ferris wheel, although it wasn't working when we there recently. Just remember where you park your car.....it's a maze parking in the garage.
4 Floors of Shopping at over 100 stores. Movie complex with IMAX great place to hang out.
Like many of the previous reviewers, I have both a love and hate relationship with this mall. The Good. There are many, many stores.  In fact, a wonderful selection of stores.  Everything from a Kinokuniya, Target, Best Buy, to the expected Sephora, GAP, Victoria Secret, etc.  As opposed to the smaller boutique malls I'm used to (Providence Place, NYC Mall, etc) there's a fantastic variation from the high price to the low.  You can literally spend hours and hours just looking through every floor.  Surprisingly there's not only an IMAX but a ferris wheel, paint balling and an ice skating rink.  You have to wonder.  WTF.  This place is literally a shopper's dream come true.  All that aside, the absolutely delicious bubble tea they sell at the stand in the food court, is worth the stop alone.  With so many flavours, it's like an icy rainbow of deliciousness.  Yum-o. The Bad. It's so big in fact, those small towners may easily become overwhelmed.  I've known people to literally run for life from IKEA: this is about 10X worse.  My first visit, I made the poor choice of making this mall a pit stop during a 11 hour drive.  Yikes.  My head was spinning. Oddly enough, for such a large, modern facility, I also discovered it closes quite.. early?!  I was a little shocked as the malls I'm used to shopping at close around 11pm on the weekends.  But these are small hurdles that are easily ignored.  However. The Nasty. The mall is huge.  The parking is not.  After a couple shots we used our heads and parked earlier before opening hours, even right before Christmas with rockin success.  Bingo. Yes it looks dumpy, yes it smells dumpy (for said reasons below), however overall, it is a must for those either in the area, visiting or passing through.
This mall is awesome. The main draw for me was the Uniqlo, but there's a lot here. There's an obstacle course, ferris wheel, and carousel. It feels more like an amusement park honestly. But I love it, great mall. Can't wait to be back.
Love this mall
Whatever you're looking for, name it and this mall has it. This place has everything you could ever want in a mall. There are tons of stores of every kind, for every age group. The entire fourth floor is filled with restaurants. Plus, tons of entertainment, such as the bowling alley, movie theaters, Dave and Buster's, ice rink, ferris wheel, and merry-go-round. If you're not up for a sit-down meal, the food court has pretty much all fast-food options. The mall is very crowded most of the time, especially on weekends, and parking can be a pain. (Here's a tip: the parking lot with most availability is near Macy's and Cheesecake Factory!) Improvements are needed in the cleanliness of the mall, ESPECIALLY the restrooms, but other than that, I love shopping here.
Crikey this place is huge! I've heard it's the second largest mall in America (or was at some point), and boy do I believe it. It's got a ton of crap in there. The 21-plex movie theatre is cool, especially since they also have IMAX, but it takes no less than 20 minutes to park anywhere near there. Not worth it. If you are really going for a massive spend day, maybe this would be good because it's got practically every retail store known to man within its bowels. To some, that sounds great - to me, about the 4th circle of hell. On the plus side, there's carpeting throughout a lot of the mall. Nice touch. Little seating areas for the tuckered out shoppers, too.
Indoor Ice Skating, Bowling, Movie Theater, Arcades, and TONS of shops! I think you could seriously spend an entire day here.
It's a consumerism amusement park. Shopping, food, movies, amusement park, ice skating, etc, etc. If they put in a hotel you would never need to leave. hmm... I think i just came up with a new business idea.
This is one of my favorite malls. I take my Daughter here all the time and she absolutely loves it. There's so many things to do. It's not just only a mall, u can shop, go ice skating, bowling, movie and lots more. If u get a chance I highly recommend that u visit.
It's a big one. As far as malls go of course. This is the place we come to when we are tired of the local malls. They all the same stores as Queens Center and Roosevelt Field with a few extra no-names and boutique style stores.  What it does have is every other shopping and entertainment amenity you might need (Target, Home Depot, a movie theater,a bowling alley, and a comedy club-random-maybe?)  There food selections range from your typical mall food court fare (Wendy's) to "higher end" dining (Chilis,Fridays, Outback). When I walk through here I feel like this place has everything so that the people who live in this and neighboring towns can get what they need in one shot. Parking is a biatch sometimes especially on weekends and holidays,   It's a bit of a drive for us so we don't go often but it's a nice treat when we want to get away.
I do have to pay toll to get here from where I live. But I do make the effort to visit this place occasionally. Convenient shopping with a Bed, Bath, and Beyond, Target, and Best buy to name a few.
Very nice mall. Probably the nicest mall I've ever been to. Has every store you could possibly imagine. Talk about getting everything done all at once. You have a Target, Best Buy, Macy's, every cell phone company and numerous restaurants. Pretty big sized mall. Bring your walking shoes. If you have the little ones with you, bring some cash. There's a merry go round inside there also. Along with a movie theatre, about a million Wells Fargo ATM's, an actual Chase Bank. You get the point. Too much to list. There is garage parking and outside parking. Not sure if they charge for the garage parking. Weather was nice the day we went so we parked outside.
My favorite mall after "The Westchester" in White Plains, NY. which I only prefer due to the fact that I don't get winded or lost!  In truth, Palisades is a huge mall with hundreds of shops to suit every need and includes big dept stores such as Home Depot, Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, BJ's Wholesale, Best Buy and Barnes & Noble.  There is also a skating rink, IMAX and AMC movie theater on the top floor.   There's a ferris wheel next to the food court where you can get anything from Wendy's to Sushi.  If you don't want fast food, there's tons of restaurant chains on the top floor such as "Dave and Buster's", "Friday's", "Applebees" etc. as well as many Italian and Mexican food restaurants - some fairly fancy.  There is also a really good/cheap Chinese buffet with many options. In addition, the mall has Pretzel places, ice cream/candy stores and Dunkin Donuts/Starbucks all over the place.  MY favorite restaurant, "The Cheesecake Factory", is on the bottom floor by the H&M and Apple Store.   The best part is the mall is so big that even thought it seems PACKED by the thousands of cars outside and in the parking garage, it never seems that way inside.  Only the top floor gets slightly crowded due to all the restaurants, movie theaters and Target being in the same place. But there's so many options that I've never had to wait to be seated anywhere.
Growing Up in Brooklyn, NY, I always traveled to NJ Malls and Outlets to shop, along with the usual 34th st and 8th ave.  I like to adventure out and find great deals, nice places to go.  Now a mom, I have to take my children shopping with me, after a while and all the playing they get bored. We were invited to a birthday Party at The Lucky Strike Bowling Alley there, and it was very nice the food was not overpriced.  There was an area for children to bowl . There was air hockey, they had pool tables and games. Very nice billiard, not to mention many regular lanes to bowl in.  There is also a bar and lounge area for adults.  The rest rooms are clean and do not smell.  Only problem is I had to wait a little longer than everyone else for my food but it was good. The hot wings, are just that...HOT! GOOD BUT HOT!. We are anxious to go back for a weekend trip hopefully the weekend, so we don't have to rush, and stay over night at one of the many motels they have in the area.   They have a huge Ferris Wheel, and a rock climbing wall, along with all of these wonderful stores and restaurants.  They do not have Chucky Cheese thank God.  But they do have Dave and Buster.   We used the outdoor parking which was Free, we parked right under the P sign .  I love this mall and would go as much as possible, the ride was 50 mins,and it was nice, and I recommend you go with your pockets full to enjoy. . There is something there for everyone. Hope this helps.
This place looks pretty on the outside, especially if you drive by at night on the parkway and it's all lit up but inside is a different story. It's dirty and skeevy and has a ton of shady characters walking around - (it's been in the newspaper for gang fights, drug trafficking, etc). Not to mention it has a graveyard behind it...
Well, Palisades Center Mall has been built since 1999 but my first visit was in 2007 and it absolutly made to the number 1 mall around 75-miles of New York City. This mall features amenities such as an IMAX Theater, a Ferris Wheel (that is indoor), a Merry-Go-Aroud (perfect for kids) and obviously stores that is in a regular mall. There is also a large decent food court that has Burger Kings, Wendy's, O' Japan, Little Tokyo, China Max, Charley's Grilled Subs and more. Well, you'd easily spend more than 2 hours in the Shopping Mall. At maximum, I spend 8 hours in the mall. But now, here is the pros and cons: Cons: - Not enough parking spots. - Cracked floors and walls. - Boring design. - Boring bathroom. - No swimming pool (even if it costs cash). Pros: - Fully Loaded Ameninties. - Can get everything you would need. - Major Wholesales, Electronics and Discount store: BJ's, Best Buy and Target. - Great Location and right by the Tappan Zee Bridge. - Also by Stop & Shop and Shoprite and few other major retailers. Rumours: 'The mall is sinking and will collapse' - False, the mall is totally safe and the shaking is the amount of people walking on the walkways and the alarms are probably tests conducted. It is most likely over testing the alarm system. Also, the mall is built on Solid Ground, not swamp as said and crime is relatively low compared to other malls around New York tri-state region. Visit is soon and enjoy, :)! I can gaurentee you all, the mall won't collapse, shake and hurt you. It shakes much less than some popular malls such as Roosevelt Field Mall and Westfield Garden State Plaza which shakes as well.
This is on the top of my list when it comes to great malls. Everything you need is here! Literally , what mall do you know not only has stores but target? Burlington coat factory? Bed bath and beyond? What? ! That's awesome! Palisades is definitely a super mall. You can shop for clothes and for your house. The atmosphere is very cool and different. It's a four floor mall, the top is mostly food and target is upstairs. The very bottom is the garage and the big stores like best buy. Then second and third are stores galore. You can truly get lost in this mall. I give this mall 5 stars because of its variety of upscale to lower scale stores. Anyone can shop here and find something.
Nice awesome place to shop
Pretty good mall with some decent restaurants.  The big + for me is the Barnes and Noble and movie theater.
This is a huge mall! 4 stories of shopping goodness. Tons of parking spaces and food options. And even a United States Postal Service location inside :D
Great entertainment mall!!! Love EXPRESS clothing there on the second floor across Starbucks.
Terrible parking. Not enough restrooms. We come here all the time. I'm not a fan of poured concrete and the stores tend to skew cheap.
Plenty of stores and restaurants to choose from. Especially Target.
Zuni Wireless is a Rip Off!   They will rip you off and sell you defective merchandise! Do yourself a favor and Do not buy from them.  They are liars. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM ZUNI WIRELESS - They are currently near the Apple store on the ground floor.  I personally saw them assault someone when they asked for their money back.   They took my money, lied to me and refused to give me my money back. They are the WORST!
And, the winner of the Fugliest Mall in America is . . . . . Palisades Center!
Gross.  Just gross.
The best mall around! Kind of unfortunate that I have to drive an hour and a half away to get to it. This is really the only drawback. The malls in upstate NY? They suck. Kingston mall has nothing that holds my interest for long, and the Gallerias droves of high schoolers scare me. So Palisades it is!
It's o.k ain't nothing like midtown
10th largest mall in America with 400 stores and over 2.2million sq feet of retail space. Even though they opened in 98 you would swear they opened sometime between 87-92 by looking at the decor. I like that most of the mall is carpeted, it gives a warmer more comfortable feel. If you're coming here to just check out the mall and do some general shopping you definitely won't see it all on one trip, it's that huge. They have all the best stores, restaurants, and tons of extras. The taxes are less here then going to Long Island and if malls are your thing this is the one for you!!
This is a good mall, with lots of stores. You can find almost anything that you want here in one store or another.
Large mall with something for everyone.  They had added an obstacle course in the center which is good for kids and young adults.  They've also added some new restaurants like Yard House.  I'll def be returning.
Love this mall!!!
Always a challenge parking, best advice, valet on the weekends.  Great stores,  as with any major retail outlet lots of unfriendly staff.  Bargains are there, you really have to seek them out.
The carpeted side of the mall is where the better stores are located - Williams Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Banana Republic, Lord and Taylor. But even these are lower tiered stores within their brands. There are 40,000 parking spaces yet parking is still, usually, a nightmare. And the crime? You will not find many statistics about the crime here because that will deter shopping, but there is crime galore. You will also find scores of unattended teenagers with younger siblings because parents think it's OK to drop their kids off and leave them there for hours at a time. Bad idea, folks. Mix that with tons of families spending the day at the Mall for "fun" (does anyone even remember playing outside as a child?). Target, thankfully, has its own entrance. As does Barnes and Noble. For better shopping and a nicer Mall try the Westchester in White Plains. For tons-o-crap and freaky people, Palisades is fine. And the stench someone else mentioned is the dump across the street behind the new supermarket. Nice, huh? Smells great in the 100 degree heat. The Mall is not built on a burial ground, it is built on a drained swamp. The native Americans actually avoided the area and built there trails around it since it was, you know, a swamp. Filled with water. Floods every damn time it rains, too. I think I may hate this place.
Ok simple one thought on the place. Imagine Rockland County without it? Took alot of hits from local liberals and ficticious complaints about the place sinking and cracking in half and all that boo hoo! But its lasted and again-what else would there be?
Holy crap.  If you need it, this mall the size of Canada has it.  More like, if you don't find it here, you don't need it. Overwhelming if you go without a plan of attack.  My stops are always shoes (duh) and clothes.  Yes, there is a Fourth and Towne in this behemoth.  Take a friend and be sure to leave a bread crumb trail.  Oh! And try not to spend your rent or car payment.
ABSOLUTELY SUPER!!!!!!!  Dave & Busters, movies, great shopping, HUMONGOUS!!!!!!  I rarely get to go but I really enjoy it here.  And you can take a bus from Port Authority right to the mall!!  Can't beat that!
I love coming up here from time to time, to get away from all the city madness. I haven't been here where it was overly crowded, but I'm sure on the weekend it gets busy. A combination of great places to eat along with great places to shop makes for a good time at the mall.
One of my favorite malls. Many food selections, awesome stores and it's big enough where you don't notice the crowd. :)
Not as great as it used to be. The awesome Japanese store closed down last year. The sign facing out onto 287 has been half-broken and rusty for at least 5 years. There are several empty spots on the top floor where restaurants should be, and many of the ones that are there (Dave and Busters, Chilis) leave something to be desired. Parking can be a nightmare anytime remotely close to the holidays. Still, it's a mall with an actual brick and mortar bookstore!
I like this place more so than the other malls...  big and have a lot of different stores / restaurant.   There is a rumor that this mall is sink (just like Venice in Italy) :-).    I did see newer concrete patches in each of the supporting poles in the basement parking lot...  may be there is some truth to the rumor?!
It's okay.. there are a lot of stores but most of them are cheap like JC Penny and crap like Charlotte Russe and the like. It's mostly a one stop shopping mall with Target, Lord & Taylor, BJ's.. you can even get your oil changed here. There is absolutely not enough parking though. The only actual part of the mall I like is the fourth floor where all of the restaurants are. It's bright, the restaurants have cool signs and it looks neat. The rest of the mall feels like a warehouse or a dungeon. I would not want to be closing a store after the mall closes because when the lights go dark it's dark and freaky. There are no security guards around so your probably going to end up getting raped in a corner somewhere. I only go here because there are a couple of stores in Palisades that aren't in Stamford or the Westchester.
I liked the mall.  It had a great selection of stores and restaurants.  A lot of interesting things.  We did have a bad experience at TGI Fridays, but I won't blame that on the mall.  However, avoid the Ferris Wheel as you will fear for your life at the mercy of an inexperienced operator.  This guy literally said "Oh shit!" while he was working this thing.  What a comforting saying to hear as you rise back up towards the ceiling at an excessive rate of speed while watching parts of the frame rock and make grinding noises.
If you hired the Borg (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bo…) to design a mall, you'd get this soulless, joyless warehouse.
What isn't in this mall? seriously. you can get just about anything in this mall! just dont get lost! food, post office, target, best buy, movies, typical mall stores, gym. All they need now is apartments!
This is the home of my favorite Verizon Wireless reps store.  This is where I get ALL my wireless needs met.  I've been here several times and love to visit here when in Rockland.
Place gets a bad rap BUT IS MOBBED so what gives? Great places to eat if you like that feeling of eating indoors and indoors again which I dont. But it sucked the life out of its ugly little sister in Nanuet and is a place where people go to get things from as far as Orange County and LI and NYC- SO cant be all that bad.
Yes every store you could need under 1 roof! There food court could be a little better but a large amount of restaurants to sit down at. They have a lot of open space on the lover level and plenty of parking.
Great shopping center. All major stores represented. Great place to bring the family on a cloudy or cold day.
i love this mall so much. been going here since i was a little girl (i loved going to limited too, and build a bear) now i moved from Upstate ny and i'm stuck in brooklyn. but even then, me and my family go out of our way to come here for a weekend.
I've been going on and off since it opened. My friends and I usually go just for Dave & Busters, but today I schlepped up from Jersey for some serious shopping. The underground garage is confusingly laid-out and doesn't feel safe. When we got up to the first floor, I couldn't tell where we were in terms of the length of the floor. I couldn't find a paper map anywhere so we had to keep checking the directories (which, fortunately, were plentiful). Distressing to see that the place overall seemed like it hadn't gotten any significant cleanings or upgrades since my first visit in 1999. The bottom two floors felt claustrophobic, and the whole place was humid. Quite a few stores had gone out. Store selection is great, of course, but this isn't a place I'd want to spend another full day. Oh, and apparently the whole property is now non-smoking? What is this, a hospital? I can't stand in the parking lot and smoke? Give me a break.
I got robbed inside the mall on the 4'th floor of Pasisades Center on February 12'th, 2010.  A 15 year old 6 ft 200lb dirtbag tried to steal my iPhone.  I chased the kid across the mall and with the help of several on and off duty Police Officers and Mall Security Officers, the dirtbag was caught and I got my iPhone back. Despite the incident, I loved the mall and I would feel safe shopping there again. There is a lot of security there that you never see till you need them!
A giant mall with a lot of stuff going on. I have been a regular costumer at this mall since it first opened up because it is just convenient. Driving through the parking lot is horrible. Even if you're careful, it doesn't make much of a difference because people drive here like manics. The way it has been arranged is not only confusing but very dangerous in certain areas. Especially the one way exit that faces Rt 59. It's just too many people trying to turn into one lane at the same time. Some lady scratched up my front bumper last night as she dove right into the same lane that I (as everyone) was going for. Anyway, aside from the parking lot, it's an okay mall. Definitely a lot of store selections. But it has by far the worst interior decor among the malls that I've been to. Nothing about this mall is aesthetically pleasing. Only the first floor is carpeted. As some people has already mentioned, it really is like a warehouse. Many areas are fairly populated but there are certain areas that are absolutely deserted and that can be creepy when you're there alone. There is also the fact that it was built on a swamp so the foundation is not quite stable as it should be and occasional shaking can be felt when you're inside. And also that it was built around a old cemetery so you can see a little hill with tombstones.
I love this mall because its a great place to go when you need to get a lot of options.  Its always fun to go here and there are usually good sales in different stores.  The 4th floor has a great assortment of restaurants to choose from and if you are in a rush the 3rd floor offers many different fast food chains.  On the downfall, its a very large mall and looks like a giant home depot or warehouse.  It's also missing "high-end" stores, Overall, its a great mall to get a lot of shopping done and to have a nice family lunch or dinner.
I think this mall has good stores but it really needs a makeover.
So what if it looks like a warehouse? So what if it's dirty? So what if just driving past it on 287 gives you an eyesore? It's a great place to shop, eat, ice skate, work out, or catch a movie. So, first off. To avoid 30 minutes of stress, go around the back to the cheesecake factory and park there. You'll have to walk like half a mile to get in, but I'd rather do that than drive around the front for a half hour looking for a spot. You can also go to the Home Depot and climb up to the mall to get some . I've never seen the Home Depot lot more than half full. Then you get inside the mall. You look at the directory, and think "Crap, this place has everything, I don't know where to go." Literally, no matter what you're buying, you'll find it here. You want towels? Go to Bed Bath & Beyond. You want clothes for your 15 year old niece? Go to American Eagle. You want to ice skate? Go to the skating rink. You want cereal? Go to Target. You want laptops? Go to Best Buy. You want good laptops? Go to the Apple Store. You want mediocre chain-restaurant food? Go to Chili's. You want to bowl? Go to Lucky Strike Lanes. You want to have a good time? Go to Dave & Buster's. You want department-store stuff? Go to Macy's, JCPenney, or Lord and Taylor. I think there's another one, too. You want lightbulbs or something else Home Depot-y? Go to the Home Depot. You want books? Go to Barnes & Noble. You want the best food-court food you've ever had? Go to Oyishi Japan. You want furniture? Go to one of those sketchy furniture stores. You want stuff in big packages? Go to BJ's. You want to catch a film in IMAX 3D? You can do it here. You want to catch a normal movie? You can do that, too. You want toilet paper? Go to Target again. You want a cheap coat that will be unusable in 3 months? Go to Burlington Coat Factory. Want some weird, but good, restaurant experience? Go to Fire & Ice. While you're enjoying all these things, you'll probably forget that the place looks like crap and has gum all over its floors.
This place is MASSIVE for the area, altho eventually it will be outdone by the NJ Meadowlands Xanadu Complex.  This mall has four floors packed with all the big chain restaurants like Chillis, Chevy's, Outback, Fridays, Sushi, 2 starbucks and McDonalds and many big stores and all kinds of smaller stores. This place also has an indoor ice skating rink , a big name chain bowling alley that is very much also like a clubby lounge with airhockey, pool tables, and a nice trandy full bar(that you need to make reservations for a lane 24hrs in advance at least), an indoor painball park, a huge AMC movie theater and even an Imax! Parking here can be a mess sometimes (Especially with the NYC people flooding in and being overly aggressive about getting a spot) however its a nice place to spend a nice rainy afternoon, especially being that all the Bergen County malls are closed Sundays.  This is one of the largest malls in the area as I said, so make sure you have comfortable shoes and are prepared to walk.
The buzz about this palce is being killed off. THis mall used to be known for you special features like amusements and stuff not any more. THe stores are turning into the same typical mall stores and the amusements are slowly disapearing. THe arcade has gotten smaller and the kids fun hosue has since shut who perated half of these amusements. if you want to go go Quick before the rest of the buzz is gone
This is the same fun mall as Gateway Center, but you will find lots of stores that have shoes and stuff. At the third floor, there was a ferris wheel and it was behind the logo and it's seen! Its even got a movie theater at the fourth floor! Though They've got a Target and McDonald's at the 4th floor! At the 1st floor, where the Apple store is at, though I've been planning to have a iPod! FYE, at the 3rd floor, has one of the favorites I've been looking for since Amazon.com. You know, its so hard to find a parking, it will take like 10-15 minutes to find a parking because it's a maze! I love the elevators because of the windows! The Freight Elevators in this mall are disgusting, horrible and stink! After you use the escalator to the third floor, you will find GameStop around the corner. They've got a Best Buy there too! The Home Depot, Staples and the guitar/music store are there also! I swear of god Im a kill and explode of anger! (explodes) One  of the best two malls I've ever been to! (Beware of this mall!)
The best mall I've been to besides Cherry Hill in NJ. I've been coming to this mall since 1998 when I was in the 3rd grade. Over the years, it has changed, but that doesn't stop me from a visit. This mall has everything, from theater to ice rink. Everything under one roof.
Some of these reviews are ridiculous.  Locals who hate the traffic the mall brings and bored tweens have been making up rumors for twelve years now.  The mall is sinking, ghosts stories stolen out the movie Poltergeist, stalked by tire-flattening psychotics and serial rapists (yes the police pursued the rumors and found everybody they talked to lied about "knowing" the people the rumors were about.  Imagine that people who tell rumors are lying!? Who'd of thunk that?  Even now the rumor mill (amongst people who NEVER even go to this mall) is they are closing because of all the stores that are failing. I was just there and yes .. some places have closed (shocking results during an economic downturn). And on a Saturday evening the wait at the restaurants was 30-60 minutes.  Must be all those shoppers that AREN't shopping and forces store to close (eye roll). The mall is huge,with an industrial design inside. If you don't like industrial designs you'll probably hate the decor.  The mall is packed at peaked time and yes you will have a hard time parking when it is busy because so many people flock to this mall.  I go on a wednesday before Christmas early in the morning, park in the enclosed basement so I don't have to bring my coat in, and spend the day knocking out my xmas shopping.   There are probably 250 stores, stands and food offerings.  Plus entertainment for kids, like rides, the carousel, paintball, dave & busters billards and games, etc. With so many places openings and closings are a constant.  A major chain from every industry is there and often multiple. Best Buy (and formerly CompUSA & Circuit City), Staples, Macys, Lord & Taylors, JCP Penney, Starbucks & Dunkin Donuts, Burlington Coat factory, Home Depot, BJs, NYSC, Bed Bath & Beyond, Brookstone (and formerly Sharper Image), Apple, H&M, FYE, Gap, Brooks Brothers, Aldo, Disney, Anne Taylor, Banana Republic, Barnes & Nobles, Discovery Channel, Eastern Mountain, Esprit, Lindt, Lenscrafters, Old Navy, Pottery Barn, Restoration Hardware, Target, Williams-Sonoma to name a bunch of more wel known names. Then there are dozens of smaller stores, some with recognizable names, Kirklands, Geox, White Barn, Things Remembered, Thomas Kinkade. Food cover many but not all cuisine. With Legal Seafood gone, seafood is an area not well covered. Also I'd love to see a non-fast food Greek and Indian places open.  There are two mexican, italian, asian, a chinese buffet, several american (TGIF, Dave & Busters, Buffalo WIld Wings[love this place])  The Brazilian Chiaroscuro was there for a while, but I think they were too large and geared towards a long meal--not quite right for malls. Also includes twenty one theaters and IMAX with Stadium seating on the top level with the major restaurants. And that accounts for major traffic on movie tickets to the restaurants.   I guess people expect a mall to be something other than a place to shop or see a movie. They expect it to be an entertainment experience, a place that keeps you from being bored--when you're bored and have nothing better to do with your time than wander endlessly around a mall.  I'm not a shopaholic or a bored tween with no hobby so I don't expect a mall to be cool or a great hangout for me and my friends when we have no money and no place to go.
Christmas gift in a shopping bag stolen when put down for a moment to try on shoes. The mall is trashy. Forget it and do your shopping online.
Nice place to come and just walk around and browse on a nasty hot day like today (or a freezing cold winter day) when you really don't want to be outside.  It's something like the 10th largest mall in America.  I'm not much of a shopper but I do like to come on occasion to get out of the weather elements to browse through the more unique stores, do a little light reading in Barnes and Noble and maybe grab a bite.  They also have a New York Sports Club, ice skating rink, bowling alley, both an Imax and a conventional movie theater, a Dave and Busters and a whole host of other eateries, from casual to upscale.  Parking and traffic can be a bit of a hassle on weekends but overall it's not too bad.  I've come here by bus as well but it is a LONG ride from NYC and Bergen County, NJ.  Overall, if you are a die-hard shopper you'll love this place.  If you are like me, it's also a nice place to escape the heat/cold and spend a few lazy hours.  There's enough to keep you occupied.
