Love, love, love this store! Huge selection of glassware, Items are a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. The staff are very helpful! I wish I could remember the name of salesperson who assisted me that day, she was very helpful and friendly! :)
Very bad experience here. Bought a couch at the store. Called the next day to confirm the box size and delivery insurance info. Every person I talked to told me something different. Around the fifth call on the fourth day the person says. "oh yeah, I see that you are having the delivery on Tuesday, but we don't actually don't have that item in stock right now and it won't be available for a month an a half". Very frustrating. Complete waste of time.
Great items, love the setup here. Even better is the fact that it's always changing. We bought their dishware, and though it's a bit pricey, it lasts... ...so long as you don't accidentally drop a bowl of cereal before your first cup of coffee. But aside from that, everything lasts! We've bought little rice bowls and wooden chopsticks here, and though we don't eat enough rice in those bowls, they're the perfect portion for cereal in the morning and definitely help with the portion control. I love the back area where all the kitchen and patio stuff are located. I always wish I could buy everything there, but there's not enough room in my house for it all, and I definitely don't have that kind of money to spend, either. They had the Nespresso machine on display a while back and a girl was making samples. WHY does it have to be so expensive? That was some of the best coffee I ever had. Ever. Once I'm living on my own and have lots of money, you can believe that I'll be buying this machine.
Nice store. WAY out of my price range. I would never buy anything pricy that I can easily find in Home Goods ... Just saying! :) Not one person acknowledged me... Maybe I don't look snooty enough!
Love this place! I want to buy everything in here.   There set up is awesome.....just when you think you are done - there is another floor!
Nice stuff.
It's a typical Crate and Barrel, with all the same stuff you see at every branch and online. It's a bit smaller than the one on Broadway and Houston, so if you are looking for tons of options that one may be a better choice. Also, the branch in the city seems to have better sales and clearance items. Staff was helpful and friendly when we had questions. Good experience.
I love that there is a Crate & Barrel in The Westchester, but I do have one complaint about this location -- the two times we've been in, at least one item, if not more, that we are trying to purchase is on display but not in stock. I realize that this happens every once in a while, but so far it's been the norm rather than the exception at this particular C&B. Still, C&B has some great deals on pretty housewares, so I'll leave them at 3 stars for now.
I love the style and look of Crate and Barrel, but don't judge it by it's appearance. Some couches are just not comfortable, but they look sleek and modern. I did purchase my bed frame and headboard from C & B...and I love it. It's sexy as hell, well, as much as a headboard can be sexy. A extremely nice woman named Holly helped me out and she was super friendly and informative. My only complaint isn't about Crate and Barrel, but the pretentious customers that I tend to run into routinely while shopping.
im going to a bridal shower and i ordered two small tilt bowls on bridal registry, and it was sent bubble wrapped with no individual boxes for the bowls. i called crate and barrel to be sent a box and he said that there was no boxes available! NEVER AGAIN!!!
