Oh Vizcaya, I remember you well. This was the backdrop for MY quiceañera pictures way back when. I love these gardens because they are so beautiful [even though they could improve] and romantic. And then there's the house. Well, with the lack of historical places in Miami, it appears that Vizcaya takes in all the glory sometimes. If you haven't been, you should probably take a day and visit Vizcaya. I would suggest that you go during the "winter" months here when it's cool outside and you won't turn into a ball of fire walking through the gardens. **I would recommend the tour so that you learn the history of the house, it's so interesting!
Love, love, loveeee this place! Saw it in pics years ago and fell in love! So excited to go. We did a tour of the main house, 5 dollars a person. At first I didn't think it would be worth it, but the tour guide was really informative and knew her stuff! She brought a better appreciation to the home then what I would have gotten out of it if I read the little blurbs at the rooms. She answered a lot of questions and showed us a lot of stuff we would have missed if we weren't truly analyzing the room. The tour was only of the main floor of the house. We were able to explore the second level, the suites, the bottom level and the gardens alone. The gardens were goregous and full of wildlife and lovely flowers. The home is so beautiful it's definitely worth seeing. No pics are allowed indoors though. Definitely spent a few hours just enjoying the atmosphere and the beautiful weather.
Was ok. Nice views from gardens but not recommended on hot days! And well its kinda one time thing, would not come back to do again.
Very impressive!!  We had a wonderful time doing the self-guided audio tour while visiting Miami.  Free parking as well.  Highly Recommended.
This mansion was amazing and so beautiful! If you appreciate history and art, I definitely recommend it. The only reason I'm giving this review 4 stars instead of 5 is because no one is allowed to take pictures inside the mansion. It was still worth it though and me and my friends ended up spending 4 hours there.
If you travel to Miami, you simply must pay a visit to Vizcaya! Spend several hours touring the mansion and the grounds and have a beer or a wine in the shade of the beautiful trees in the garden. If you appreciate architecture or art/history even a little, you'll love it here. Headphones for a guided tour are available, but I loved discovering the hidden treasures on our own. When in the gardens, get off the most used paths and find the quiet places- you'll be glad you did!
I had no idea who Mr. Deering was or what he did prior to my visit here. I just knew, from looking at the website prior to going, that it had a house and a nice garden. I like looking at old houses and my mom likes gardens. It was a win-win. Adult admission is $18, $10 for students with IDs and I believe $12 for seniors (+62). The car entrance into the museum is unassuming and we missed it on the first go. The house had plenty of rooms to explore. The details in the rooms and furnitures were amazing. The garden is massive and is quite a popular place for photo shoots. When we went on Saturday, there was at least 5-6 different photo shoots going on. They also have a cafe on site.
This place is mediocre at best, the estate was much smaller than expected. The ocean inlet around the cement ship smelt like sewer , also there was trash and debris floating around. What irritated me the most on the day of are visit (Saturday) was the girls having there quincenerra photographs taken everywhere and I mean EVERYWHERE..wait..stop ..wait..stop etc.. etc. They need to have a designated time to do this. This place is not worth the price of admission. If you want to see something worthwhile  visit Hearst Castle in California.
I've been here both times I've been in Miami because it is so beautiful! They have done a great job restoring and telling the history of the property. Plus the garden's are just gorgeous. The second time we went there was a HUGE lizard out in tea room that we thought was fake until we got closer. I give 4 stars because I wish there was an upstairs tour as well. There are also just so many doors that we you can't see into. I'm always the person wanting to know what is behind those doors and there isn't anyone to ask! As a huge Iron Man fan, it was fun to go and see the location again because I recognized Vizcaya when I saw the movie and had no idea that it was going to be in the film. Since the first time I went they had added the cafe and gift shop downstairs by the pool which was fabulous and the food was exceptional. I will definitely be back when I have the opportunity :)
A little oasis in Miami, especially if you like a little history and gardens. I loved the gardens which are formal Italian in style with many cascades, statues, clipped hedges. The location is right on the water with pleasant Venetian style walkways along the edge and an almost ostentatious stone dock in the shape of a galleon to view. A great place to spend a few hours!
Absolutely beautiful!  I love that it was self guided, so you could take as much or as little time to tour the house and the gardens as you wanted.  Everything about this place was top notch - beautiful furnishings, immaculate gardens, and a great gift shop too!
Walk out back, through the garden, to the giant stone coral "ship" out back, and gaze across Biscayne Bay. Imagine what visitors in the 30s must have felt as they approached the grounds from the water.
Went to Vizcaya Museum last week and it was amazing.  The Home is huge and has themed rooms inspired by classical Western and Asian culture.  As I traveled through the home, I couldn't help but wonder how one person could own such an estate.  The owner, James Deering made his fortune in agriculture in the late 1800s.  He had the house customized to his tastes.  The guest rooms, library, and even the powder rooms are all visually stunning.  No pictures inside though.  :(  The exterior grounds include many themed gardens.  Great stuff.  I spent about 3 hours wandering the grounds and enjoying the warm Miami weather.
This museum is very pretty! Shows elegance and class! Everything there looked so expensive. And the history behind everything is worth going! Photography allowed outside but not permitted inside. It is a lot of walking to do, so plan accordingly. Try not to go on a very hot day. Bring cold bottled water. Tried to find the room where The Mandarin(from Iron man) was hidden but failed, must be in one of those hidden rooms! LOL! Military people get in FREE!
Reminding me slightly of Villa Borghese in Rome, Vizcaya is easily one of the most romantic spots in Miami. While the house is lovely it's the garden that make my heart pitter patter.   A moonlit stroll through the paths automatically transports you elsewhere and you can't resist wanting to walk ever so slowly, lingering just a bit longer on every step, breathing in the mix of the nearby bay and the manicured greenery. It's impossible to not be enchanted and difficult to resist reaching out and grabbing that certain someone's hand. Nothing like a garden at night to make feelings bloom. Bring someone during one of the smaller nocturnal events, sit by a fountain or pick a quiet corner, and then to lift a lyric from Depeche Mode, "Enjoy The Silence." note** this is a review of the gardens at night
This place sort of remind me of Hearst Castle in S. Ca. Although it's not quite as stunning as Hearst Castle, it's still worth checking out. There are guided tours, but you can also wander around the area on your own which is what my husband and I did. Pictures aren't allowed inside, but if you keep your distance from the tour guides and keep and eye out for the security guards and can take a pic fast without flash, go for it! I can't find the pics I took of the ship outside, but others did thankfully and the place is just stunning! Anyways, the inside of the place is beautiful and the rooms look like something out of a medieval castle. There are only two levels. The rest of the place is closed off to the public. Outside the garden is stunning and looks sort of like a maze. The most impressive thing about this place is the ship carved from stone outside. It's a huge ship out in the water out in the back. It was just stunning. The day we were there, a wedding was going on. Wow, what a romantic spot to have a wedding at. We saw the bride outside and it felt like we were witnessing a celebrity wedding, but we weren't. Not as far as I could tell anyways, lol.
I was recommended to go to Vizcaya by my bicycle rental agent. He said it was a nice 10 mile ride through Miami from South Beach. He presented me with the brochure and off I was with my two friends in tow. It was a winding ride. There were times when I wondered if we were going to reach our destination. Being that I am from Chicago where it is freaking freezing most of the year, I was surprised that Miami, where it is warm most of the year, does not have a bike and running path along the water. The ride was sometimes treacherous (as it can be in Chicago as well), but alas we reached the front gates of Vizcaya Museum and Gardens. I found the path leading to the entrance of this attraction to be a serene respite in the midst of the city of Miami. There was a fun headless statue that I (of course) had to take a picture with my head replacing his. Funny, huh? There are lots of picture taking opportunities throughout the attraction, so I imagine this to be a photographer's paradise. Expansive. Well, now that I think about it, there were brides and models partaking in photographic sessions. Duh! I bet the gardens are even more gorgeous in the summer than when I was there in February. The mansion itself is pretty boring to be frank. Stand behind a rope or glass and peer into an old room. *snore* I enjoyed some of the fixin's including hand-carved wood, doors, canopy beds, dinnerware, ornate paintings, and such. I may have been able to appreciate it more had I taken the guided tour. The courtyard of the mansion is pretty kick*ss though. I wish I had one in my place. Talk about a nice golden tan! The gardens reached for further than I could have imagined. We wondered throughout and took an obsessive amount of photos. I can imagine this would be a radical place to spend the day with a couple of j's, a good friend, and lots of time to kill. Fun! The admission price does not seem justified for what you are receiving in return. I know they have to pay to keep this place preserved, but damn!! It's a good thing I went once because I will probably never go again.
This place is amazing. Beautiful. Surely romantic as well. Loved taking my girl here, she enjoyed every bit of it. She was a bit sad since she couldn't take pictures inside the mansion but turned it upside down once we went out to the backyard. Beautiful ocean views and garden. I wanted to go further into the ocean, they had a mini island but was closed off. Would love to take my girl here again when she comes and visits.
From the moment I arrived at the front gate, I got the feeling that there was something simultaneously haunting and magical about this Deering mansion. I recently visited Marjorie Merriweather Post's Hillwood estate (now also a museum) in DC, and while Villa Vizcaya was built well before Ms. Post's home and gardens, I feel compelled to compare them. First, Vizcaya is much more more lavish and foreboding; the sheer number of its guest bedrooms shows a great difference in the purpose of each home. Where Hillwood exceeds as a museum is that guests feel that the hostess could appear at any moment; at Vizcaya, it feels as though no one has visited in years. The house is set up somewhat like an ancient Roman villa, with a once-open courtyard in the center and interior rooms surrounding it. The docent explained that over the years the weather and salt from the water began to deteriorate the interior of the home. As a result, a roof was built over the open courtyard, and air conditioning was pumped full force through the house. Most of the windows have been covered to prevent sun damage to artworks and furniture; however, the end result feels like Miss Havisham might appear in any one of the rooms at any moment. The biggest tragedy of this is that it completely contradicts the design of the home: an open atrium and huge windows opening to the bay were built that way to emphasize light, fresh air, and a continuum of indoors and out. Closing everything off and recycling frigid air makes visitors have to try that much harder to imagine how it really would have felt many decades ago. All that said, the museum and gardens really are unlike anything I have seen heretofore. Indeed there are many references to other Italian gardens, but this one stands out because of its position next to the bay and the inclusion of many south Florida flora and design elements. I won't go into all of the history or architectural details behind the mansion. I will say that the guided tour is fairly worthwhile, but it is also nice to wander around alone. The $3 guidebook should be included in the ticket price, but I did find it useful. The food at the cafe is expectedly overpriced (albeit good), but you can get a glass of pretty tasty wine for $3.95; this more than makes up for how much the food costs. Getting to the museum from Miami is a bit of a pain, but if you aren't in hurry you can get there via bus/train for a total of $2.50 each way. This site is definitely worth a visit, and while I understand the reasons behind its current presentation, the original must have been a true five-star beauty.
I was here on a gloomy day. The sky was mostly grey, although the blue and the sun peeked out towards the end of my time here. It had rained earlier, and it was getting ready to rain again. That being said, even on a grey, rainy, Florida afternoon, Vizcaya is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been. I think I'm going to propose to my girlfriend here one day.
As a long time resident of Miami and thoroughly enjoying life in South Florida I a bit mortified that my first instinct is to give Vizcaya an Average to Low mark - As I attempt to write a review about this place I constantly remind myself that I need to be objective and somewhat disregard my own feelings, memories and such. The bottom line is that if you find yourself in Miami this place is certainly worth a visit on a quiet Sunday afternoon. Having said that we must also put the place in context and realize that there is nothing historical about it, just a good example of what loads of money can buy, we thank Deering for having it built, furnishing it and giving it away to the City of Miami. Anyway, if you can ever get yourself invited to any of the parties the host here it will be the best way to enjoy this place. The renaissance festival in the spring was super cool, but they did away with it so Jeers.
How gorgeous is Vizcaya? I used to come here annually for the Renaissance Fair back in my theatre days to perform. We took our good friends to tour through the gardens this weekend -- and had a great time. It's $10 to get in (if you're a student or resident of Miami-Dade) and it's likely that you'll catch a quinceanera getting her glam photos taken, partake in a wine tasting, and take awesome photos yourself. The house itself is veryyyy fun for architecture/anthropology/general old thing lovers because it has so many intricate and original details throughout. The gardens are very romantic -- so much so that you are compelled to walk a little slower just to take it all in. They have a little make-shift cafe set up outside and a gift shop -- this is a definite afternoon lunch date spot.
OMG!  This place is beautiful!  Go!  Run, don't wait another Saturday to see this amazing mansion and grounds.  The architecture is incredible and the mixture of Italian, French and Miami sensibilities are expertly matched.  The "folly" in the back is incredible.  As is the house and the grottos in the gardens.   I was blown away by this local historic masterpiece.  Thank you Mr. Harding for building such a beautiful escape.   Visit here during spring or winter before the Miami Heat.
It's a Miami version of Newport mansion but with much more home feeling inside the house and a bigger garden. We joined the morning guided tour and the volunteer tour guide only  showed us around the 1st floor on that day. But we already felt overwhelmed by what we saw and heard. We were amazed by all thoughts put into buidling this house and every detail that it embraced. It took us a whole morning to walk around the house and its garden. The county has done a fantastic work in restoring this house and brought us back to 1930s. The water front view and the stone boat made us feel like in Venice. It's a must go place if visiting Miami. Plan for a morning and join the free guided tour.
From a cinematic perspective, Vizcaya is the perfect backdrop for a drug cartel's home. It's got that old world luxurious look that new money likes to buy to make them feel legit. Gilded ceilings, cherubic statues, rococo to the roof. Insert cigar chomping here. Of course, historically, Vizcaya was built from an American railroad baron who imported all his authentic pieces from Europe. There's beautiful Mediterreanean architecture and the backyard view of the unlimited waterfront view of Biscayne Bay is jaw droppingly beautiful. The estate looks like an Italian estate that had been there for hundreds of years. Outside, in the garden and waterfront, girls have their quincenera portraits taken here. Also, this venue is very popular for weddings and grand galas such as the White Party. I had the honor to perform at a society wedding here to do the Lion Dance for the Asian bride and the place is gorgeous, lit up at night with little white lights. Sigh, if I had money... PS: Movie buffs, it's funny to say but Ace Venture was filmed here (the scene with the fish collector's party where Ace goes to find a shark). And also, I'm told, Bad Boys and Any Given Sunday.
So refreshing to experience this kind of culture in Miami! While standing in the short line to get our tickets, I was immediately struck by how quiet it was! I forgot for a moment that I was in Miami, a wonderful escape! This is quiet an eclectic collection of "old things". I especially loved the kitchens with all the old gadgets and china. But the best part is definitely outside. I especially love the barge. The only downside of our visit was the photo shoots going on. This place provides the perfect backdrop for beautiful photos, but it restricted our freedom to roam around everywhere.
Maybe I'm just easily impressed? I've been going to Viscaya since I was a child and it is just as impressive every time. When I went on February 16th they were setting up for what looked like an very expensive gaudy wedding - a sight to see in its own right, but that wasn't supposed to be the entertainment. It was entertaining to see the gaudiest wedding on record, but the Viscaya property is just gorgeous and always the prime attraction to me. Pick a day with beautiful weather and go have a glass of wine in the orchid garden. If you don't find it impressive and beautiful, then I guess I really am just easily impressed. If it was your wedding on February 16th, please disregard my comments and do not send Colombian hit men for me!
This is an incredible mansion with so much history. Great place for pictures and scenery. Absolutely beautiful! It's huge, so be ready to walk. Definitely an experience, everyone who's local should check it out. I've lived in South FL my entire life and this was my first visit, I'll be back with friends and family to show them one of Miami's best preserved treasures.
Ok, so I was really excited to spend a few days in Miami after our Caribbean tour. But what concerned me was that it seemed that there was a fear of not being able to see any historical architectures (beside the art deco buildings on South Beach).  I WAS SO WRONG. The Vizcaya Mansion was beautiful.  I could not help but feel the "eerieness" of the rooms and imagine how Deering, his guests and servants lived during the early 1900's.  This place had such a detailed and culturally themed rooms that it was hard not to look in on them and loosing track of time...just staring of every meticulous detail put in place by the designer. The garden was gorgeous, but the downside was part of the orchid section was off limits/under construction at the time and we could not see through it. Ohh and you can't take photos inside the mansion but you can with the gardens.  Check this place out if you're in Miami!
Beautiful place to visit with family and take pictures outside. Bring your student id and entry drops to 10 dollars, def worth it.
Vizcaya is one of the best places for a tourist to visit as well as a Miamian. Prior to coming to Vizcaya last week, I had not been since freshman year in high school. Yes, it was a long time ago. This time around, I got to go inside the mansion, which was really awesome, despite the stale odor of old sheets. It was really cool to see all the rooms decorated in the same fashion as when they were being used. The place is enormous and we roamed the mansion for about an hour. My favorite rooms were the kitchens. They are pretty big and very interesting, especially the electric dumbwaiter. Atter inspecting every room, we stepped outside to continue with the tour of the gardens. For the most part, the gardens are well kept. There are areas, which are in DESPERATE need of renovation. Spiderwebs everywhere, smelly, sitting water. This is why they don't get the 5 stars. But the parts that are upkept are very nice. The only drawback was that it was RIDICULOUSLY hot. A nice stroll through the gardens would be better appreciated during the Winter months. However, it was a really nice experience and our tourist enjoyed it very much!!
Great to take visitors.  Overall great tour with historical home, and well kept gardens.  On the Bay with great view.  Be careful - very difficult for disabled or elders with walking challenges.  I was surprised it was so unfriendly for them... no ramps, no elevators or alternatives...
This was way more interesting than I thought it would be!  Definitely take the free tour, it's totally worth it to learn about the house's interesting history.  And the house has AC!   The gardens are gorgeous, and the views of Biscayne Bay beautiful as well.   There was plenty of free parking when I went on a Sunday, and it didn't feel that crowded on the grounds.   I would rate this as one of the must-dos if you are a tourist in a Miami for a few days or more!
This place takes you back to the times of elegance. Guys beware, your ladies will want to have their pics taken at almost every corner.
A gorgeous place to see! It's neat to see all the different rooms that were decorated and each room had a little history on the inspirations of the design. The best part of this place was outside!!! In the back is magnificent! The water and the gardens were extraordinary! I highly recommend making this a day-trip! I would say it's geared mostly for adults.
Beautiful venue for holiday parties, weddings etc. They do an excellent job with catering. Staff is very professional.
What a great jewel for Miami. When I moved here a year ago, I made it my immediate mission to see all of the AAA gem attractions and Vizcaya was one of the first on my list. It reminded me very much of the Isabella Stuart Gardner Museum in Boston which I often visited. Vizcaya is a wonderful place for shutterbugs; I took tons of photos (outside of course). I've never attended any of their programs, but I mean to this year. Phantom of the Opera in October sounds very cool. I've heard that their Moonlight Gardens tours are also fun. It would be cool if they could get something going like the Garden Museum after dark program. But anyway, go visit, especially if you live in the area.
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. A large, breezy house. Lush, verdant gardens and fountains. It's like an old-world dream in the New World. While Husband and I were here for our honeymoon, there was a bride taking pictures in the gardens. Tickets aren't too expensive and I tricked them into taking my student I.D. Sweet!
This place is BEAUTIFUL! This is my escape from Miami, but still be in Miami... Walk the mansion and the garden... A lot of people use this place for professional photography.   Businesses use this place to host large parties... They've even shot a few movies here! They used to hold Renaissance Fairs here... I wish they'd bring that back... :( If you are visiting Miami, or if you've lived here all your life; I definitely recommend that you stop by here for a few hours... It's stress release. Also since its right on the water, I've also seen a few manatees come up to the side.
Vizcaya was a gem in Miami.  This was the first place that we visited in the city and we're so glad that we did!  The mansion itself has so much history and is absolutely stunning.  We loved the waterfront and the gardens.  The only thing that was annoying was that it kept raining on and off, but we were able to duck into the mansion and the gift shop when it did.  A must visit!
Vizcaya is so beautiful and they have the BEST Halloween party. Be prepared to see tons of scantily clad ladies dressed like slutty nurses/cops/angels etc. I have also taken the tour and the docents are very knowledgeable about the place. If you are in Miami, DEFINITELY don't miss Vizcaya.
Minus one star for all the Mis Quincinera girls everywhere! It felt like at least a third of the gardens were off limits. Though, I can't really blame them for wanting their pictures taken there; the gardens were really beautiful. It was a nice surprise and a highlight of my trip to Miami. We spent about two hours here visiting James Deering's old home, listening to the organ and imagining what it was like to stay here when it was in its finest condition. What parties did he have? Who is James Deering and did he have an affair with his housekeeper? Was she the only female in the house, or was the affair with his male driver? No other residents were mentioned. Well, what about his other servants? Did he always have guests in his numerous guest rooms? Just how many farm machines did he have to sell to create a place like this? I want a secret door like this! And so on, and so on. It was a fun, imaginative day. Just don't get in the way of one of those Mis Quincinera girls. Their entourage will scrunch up their noses at you and you know it isn't from the nearby sea water.
This is one of the top cultural tourist attractions in Miami. I had very low expectations, which were slightly surpassed. If you've gone through dozens of similar villas and small palaces in Europe as I have, there's nothing spectacular here, but it's a nice demonstration of bringing hundreds of years old European cultural influences to the U.S. - and a demonstration what you can build if you had shitloads of money in early 20th century. Reminds a lot of the Hearst Castle in California - expect that especially the yard is in pretty shitty condition - clearly they are running on low budget, which might be the cause of the recent hurricane seasons. If you have absolutely nothing else to do on Sunday afternoon, Villa Vizcaya is still worth the 12 bucks ($9 for residents and students).
One complaint my wife and I have of Miami is the general lack of interesting places to see beautiful art and architecture.  Vizcaya is definitely a gem in this city.  I hadn't been since I was a kid, so it felt like an all new experience.  My wife had never been.  As an interior design student, it was obviously an unbelievable experience.   Our recommendation is take your camera and go nuts with the pics.  We got some shots that can easily go in a photo coffee table book.  You're not supposed to take pics inside but if you don't use flash and watch out for the guards you can take pics of all the rooms in the house (the courtyard is more difficult).
A hodgepodge of European style and some random asian stuff in a Mediterrean home.  In reality, it's not that old.  Of note--on the last Sundays of the months July-Sept., it's free. went back (wasn't raining this time) and actually enjoyed the tour much more.  maybe we had a better tour guide.
I LOVED Vizcaya! Such an interesting and unique place - what a gem! This is a mansion that owner James Deering filled and created based on his love of European antiques. Basically, he filled and themed the house with old school pieces. One room looks like Versailles, the next Hampton Court Palace - but this is in Miami, so random! The gardens are also very interesting but watch out you don't get yelled at in Spanish for accidentally walking into a quinceanera picture. My favorite part was the view of the water and the Stone Barge - it is so unique - note all my pictures...
absolutely gorgeous a must go, hours of entertainment and a very historic, artistic, and great photo location. I will be back because my wife loves taking modeling photos and this place is awesome you always see a professional group doing wedding photos and other stuff there and we will do the same.
A rare place where you feel transported to not only a different place but a different time. The Vizcaya Museum and Gardens used to be the winter residence of James Deering in the early 1900s and it was built with the help of over 1,000 workers from Europe and the Caribbean. It's probably safe to conclude that he was very wealthy. I, too, would like  winter home of this magnitude, but currently do not have the resources. With each step on the grounds, you seem to go back another decade in time. By the time you make it to the water, you think you're actually in Europe during the Renaissance. If you brought your camera, chances are you'll take at least one photo. If you didn't bring your camera, you'll be highly upset you didn't bring your camera. Whether it's the view of the bridges or the barge or from the massive Italian style gardens, you'll be amazed. It wasn't a surprise to see wedding parties having their photos taken here. You can easily spend hours here soaking in all the elements, particularly of the different gardens, like the Maze Garden or Secret Gardens. Exquisite detail not only in the overall layout, but the individual components, like the stones, statues, or water features. Make sure to explore every foot. Not only for it being picturesque, but also to actually achieve some peace and solitude. Which is pretty easy to find here. As of right now, there replacing the courtyard skylight. Despite the noise of the construction process, you can still appreciate the intricate and lavish decor. Incredibly beautiful. When I initially came down to Miami, this didn't factor into my plans. If you're in Miami, this should DEFINITELY factor into your plans. Though be warned afterwards you'll likely view your own abode as excessively inadequate. Damn you, Vizcaya!
Wow, the Vizcaya mansion is beautiful. I am so glad I stopped here as part of my Miami trip. It's a historical house, built by some entrepreneur named John Deering back in 1914-1916. He had traveled the world, namely to Europe and Asia, and wanted to create a "fusion" home in Miami where he could wow his guests with his massive art collection and gorgeous architecture. FIrst off, admission is $10 each if you have a student ID, a senior ID, or a military ID card. Otherwise, I believe it's $20. There's plentiful parking and most of the grounds are ADA-accessible. The house is a mixture of Italian villa architecture and Miami tropical architecture, complete with an open-air courtyard in the middle of the mansion. The other rooms of the home - bedrooms, kitchen, bathrooms, etc - are built around the courtyard. It's awesome. For it's day the Vizcaya was actually high tech. It had light switches, an elevator, plenty of private bathrooms, and multiple refrigerators. It's really cool to see these contraptions in their native state. For me, however, the crowning jewel was the lovely, expansive gardens. They are stunning. Some are styled after English countryside gardens, some are more manicured, like Italian or French gardens. There are fountains, statues, and figurines... it's a great place for photographs. Be sure to go on a cooler day, because the gardens can get pretty hot and smelly in the humidity and heat of Miami. All in all, a wonderful experience, well worth the time and 2 hours we spent there.
Oh my.  If ever I decide to ditch my home town and the winters it brings, this is exactly the sort of place that will lure me away.  Forget Bourbon Street or the Presidio, although both have special places in my heart. Mediterranean architecture is the thing that will do it.  I love these buildings and the gardens.  I felt like I was wandering in an Americanized Versailles.  I am willing to chance a hurricane or two if it means I can hang out here on my lunch break.  We had a break between meetings and just wandered the grounds for about 2 hours.  Loved it so much I came back the next day as part of my morning run.
I was AMAZED by  Vizcaya! For me this place is such a gem and i was just wowed!! This huge mansion was owned by James Deering and decorated with a variety of European antiques.  I find it so unique all the pieces you find all in one mansion from different eras. And set in warm weather , sunny state Florida! While I was there and walked out to the gardens to take pics( Outside the mansion is the only place were u are able to take pics) I spotted a quinceanera and also a married couple taking pictures. The Stone Barge and gardens were my favorites! Will def. go again on my next trip 2 Miami!! A++++++
I wasn't much of a fan of the interior of the house.  It was stuffy and hot and felt a little claustrophobic to me.  We didn't spend much time in here, but others may find it more to their liking. The outdoors, on the other hand, I was a huge fan of.  There was so much beautiful scenery to see, sun to soak up, and interesting photos to take.   For students with ID and also for Miami-Dade residents, it's $10 admission.  We used our student IDs to get in here.  Without discount, general adult admission is $15.  Parking is free/plentiful. We ran out of room on our memory card while snapping photos outdoors.  There was no problem going back to the car to get another memory card for the camera, as long as we had our admission ticket.  So if anyone is wondering if you can enter and exit as you please, you most definitely can. As other reviewers have stated, expect to see some quinceaneras while here.  We probably saw about 4. Apparently, some couples also honeymoon here?  My bf and I got stopped by a middle-aged lady who sweetly offered to take our photo for us.  She asked if we were on our honeymoon and seemed a little disappointed when we said no.  She still took a couple nice photos for us though :)
Vizcaya is beautiful and definitely worth the trip. At times it's difficult to believe you're still in Miami... but the tropical nature of these European gardens is what makes it so unique. I really enjoyed the part of the house that's located directly on the waterfront. It was really neat to see all of the small crabs wandering around the steps. It was a bit expensive though. $10 for a student ticket is too much in my opinion. I also wish they'd get someone out there to clean up all the trash that the water has brought in. Overall a nice peaceful place. Try to get there early in the morning before the tourists arrive.
absolutely beautiful. peace and quiet
Definitely a touristy thing to do. A little far from South Beach, but worth the cab drive (~$30), but if you have a car, even better. It was a nice relaxing time walking around the grounds and taking pictures. The garden is beautiful and provided lots of photo ops :)
I really loved strolling through the gardens with my boyfriend (although I was melting in the sweltering heat!). Several parts of the garden were roped off in the middle of restoration, there was still plenty to see and it was nice to sit quietly on a bench and take it all in. This is a great spot for photo opportunities and people know it - we spotted a handful of people having their quinceanera and wedding portraits taken. But even on a Saturday, it wasn't terribly busy so I still managed to get unobstructed shots of the garden with my own camera. It was interesting reading about Deering and how he fashioned each room to represent a certain theme, time period or person in history. It's not drop dead elaborate like some famous European landmarks but I'd like to point out, it's not a European landmark. It's a really beautiful expression by Deering of some of the things he admired - and in Miami of all places, to re-imagine an English/Renaissance garden in a tropical setting is a charming effort. I would agree with some reviewers that the admission price could probably be a bit lower if you consider having to pay for a whole family to get in - it's a bit pricey at $10-15 a person. I'm all for supporting local historical landmarks but it's difficult to do that if you can't afford it.
Why did I wait three years to visit?!?! It is a must see of Miami! Especially when you have had enough of sun, spring breakers, modern design, and shopping. This estate nestled in the banyans is such a treat. The gardens are what really impressed me the most. If you're lucky you'll see the girls getting photographed for their quinceteras. Otherwise there's sculptures, hedgerows, nooks and crannies, lots of steps and passageways There's a breaker that was made to look like an old ship that's unforgetable. You really feel like you stepped back in time visiting here.
I came here for a friends wedding not too long ago and it was great! The grounds were just stunning and it was a great place for a wedding. There was ample space to roam and explore. The staff was extremely courteous and gave us space to party the night away. Because this is a historical landmark, there was quite a bit of security, but we didn't have any issues. Then again, it was a tame and respectful group. That said, I can't say much about the museum because I didn't get a chance to see it, but the place itself exuded Gatsby-esque glamour. At night, from the side when you're looking out on one of the patios, there's a green light that you can see from a distance and for a Gatsby enthusiast, that was pretty awesome for me. I mean what can I say other than this place is stunning! If you're considering having a wedding here - DO IT! Your guests will thank you later! It is beautiful and the staff was very professional. There's even a side entrance for the caterers that is hidden so they can do their thing and you can do yours! I loved this place and would like to come back during visiting hours so I could check out the museum and see everything in daylight.
just beautiful.  I've been to Vizcaya twice recently within the past 8 months...once with my girlfriend and once with my family- both times were just as pleasant.  Theres ALOT to look at and discover, I would agree its a bit of a sensory over load for a first time spectator. It's a great place to walk and talk, mostly bc of the outdoors...has a majestic kind of 'secret garden' feel...but I blame that on the labrynth hedge mazes.  It's one of a kind and a Miami land mark.. Oh, and if you have a camera bring battery...like I said, ALOT to capture!
Absolutely amazing!  Beautiful place to go with a date or to take professional photos.  If you live in Miami and you've never been, you need to go at least once!  It's not expensive, and the last Sunday of the month they are even open free.  They have several events throughout the year as well. They have a huge mansion in the center where you can see architecture, rooms, furniture and other artwork that you would only find in a museum.  It's just amazing.  I loved the place ever since I came years ago for my first time.  I've been back several times and I'm planning on going again soon.
Really enjoyed our visit to Vizcaya.  A really beautiful, fascinating and unique attraction. The house is really beautiful and full of interesting artifacts, and it's pretty much the closest thing you'll get to a real old European villa in the states.  But it has some really unique charm of its own that comes from the way the place was assembled.  And it really was assembled - not only does it have paintings, tapestries, and other artifacts from renaissance Europe (and some other eras), but some of the building itself is literally ripped wholesale from much older European buildings - doors, windows, fireplaces, and even ceilings and walls.   I keep saying "European" because even though the exterior was to based on an Italian villa, there are rooms representative of several different countries and eras from Southern Europe.   It's also a very interesting viewpoint into the time and the life of James Deering.  He must have been quite a personality to assemble this place (not to mention quite the bank account).  And it's really neat how the house, despite all the old artifacts, was a pretty early example of a house wired with electricity.  For example, the house has centuries-old candelabras adapted for lightbulbs - and there were also plenty of thing like a neat old fridge and electric dumbwaiter.   Plus you can't beat the setting - right on the ocean, with a neat stone boat as a breakwater. The gardens themselves were nice, too, although nothing spectacular.  They had a nice orchid garden, and it was enjoyable to walk around the gardens on a beautiful day.  Still, if you're expecting Versailles west you're going to be disappointed. We went on a tour, which I definitely recommend.  It was a great way to get the story of the man and the house, and to get some little tidbits about the house itself (for instance, like how some of the original dishes intended for the kitchen were lost on the Titanic).   There were at least three girls doing their quinceanera photoshoots in the garden, which was pretty amusing as well as indicative of the appeal of the place. We had a great visit and I'm definitely glad we went.  It's a really neat, unique place and definitely worth a visit!
This is one of the most wonderful, amazing creations! Go if you are in Miami.
I was expecting a lot, so part of this may have been my fault, but all the reviews and articles said this was the best place to visit in Miami.  Being new to town, I was excited to see this historical place, but I left disappointed as I didn't get a whole lot of history.   The rooms were amazing and the gardens were beautiful, but I just left feeling so-so about the experience.  The tour would probably help to really discover more about the Deere family and details about each room to make the whole experience more personal. If you are really interested in history, I would say splurge on a guided tour (don't bother with the pamphlets or audio sets they sell-- the same information is on the signs in front of each room).
5 Star museum and gardens that every Floridian should visit once. I enjoyed the gardens more than the house and could spend all day there.
ok, so this review is a little skewed since the weather was so bad the day we went (thunderstorms with tornado warnings, we were hoping it would clear up).  This review is primarily for the house since we weren't able to experience the gardens and the rest of the grounds. This is apparently a top tourist draw in Miami, so we were expecting a pretty interesting place to go.  We've been to plenty of beautiful chateaus and castles in Europe and this place has nothing on any of them.  The whole house seems like it is in a state of disrepair, whether it's from lack of funding or something else (recurrent hurricanes?), it seriously hurts the view that people have of this place.  Especially after being charged $30 for two of us to visit this place, we were hoping for quite a bit more. The volunteer that was giving the tour at the time we came through was also quite rude when she told my mom to stop reading a sign (about the history of the owner) and move to the back of the group.  We promptly left the tour at that time, as did several other people.... I guess if you're a local and you get a cheaper rate this may be a good place to take the kids for a bit of local history and for some fun playtime in the gardens.  If you're a tourist and you've been to Europe, skip this and head into Little Havana or Little Haiti for some real local history and flavor....
Don't go to their Halloween Party. The quality has been compromised. This year, they ran out of cups and vodka. Thy bartenders were rude and they poured whatever tet waned to give you, not what you ordered. The lines were extremely long. Theiaic was bad this year. I've been thre 3 times, and the times before we're amazing. This year (2011) was terrible. I will never pay $150 per person for the Vizacaya Halloqeen party again.
When it's raining in Miami and you're looking for something to do, I'd definitely put this on your list. A beautiful historic mansion with gorgeous gardens!!! We did the audio tour and it was really interesting to learn about the property. The gardens are what sell this place.....they're really picture-sque! We thoroughly enjoyed our visit!
The Vizcaya estate in Miami is a national landmark, the home of late American industrialist John Deering. The expansive gardens are particularly noteworthy, combining elements of Renaissance Italian and French designs. Wedding portraits, prenatal soirees, and girls posing for their quinceañera lined the grounds filled with elegant flowers and statues, professional photographers capturing the fairy tales to share. The house certainly is grand, with multiple stories, countless guest rooms, and a central pavilion open to the sunshine. The kitchen was naturally my favorite room, with copper pots and pans large enough for an adult to bathe in (I certainly wanted to hop in!), a huge center island for prep, and wood fired ovens. I can imagine the feasts prepared to be nothing less than regal. Great place to spend a couple of hours strolling before hitting cocktail hour in Miami beach!
If you want to use a camera, this is the place for it! Enough said. This place is very beautiful, and hopefully they get all of the fountains working, as well as the interior portion of the house completed. Right now it's at a discount, so get it while you can.
When I was searching the internet for things to do while in Miami, I read about this place called Vizcaya.  I had never heard of it, but after seeing it described as "the Hearst Castle of the east coast" I just knew we had to make a stop at Vizcaya. Although the interior of the house is amazing and exquisite, my favorite part of visiting Vizcaya was seeing the gardens outside.  Get there on time to do the guided tour.  We had a really great docent who was so knowledgeable in everything Vizcaya and you could just tell he was happy to be there guiding us throughout the house.  Plenty of picture taking opportunities outside, make sure to bring your camera!
We REALLY enjoyed our visit to Vizcaya. It was a nice change of pace after the noise and bustle of Miami Beach where we were staying. They are currently doing renovations on the interior courtyard so the ticket prices are discounted (I think its expected to go on through sept). You still get to see 90-95% of the house and all the gardens, so I wouldn't let this issue keep you from visiting. We arrived in the morning near opening which I would recommend, as we were leaving around 12:30 it was definitely getting more busy. The gardens are more enjoyable with less folks wandering around, and inside many of the rooms can only be seen through a narrow viewing door/window so you will end up waiting if it gets crowded. We did not realize there was an audio tour as the ticket booth didn't mention it, I think this would have been a nice addition to our tour. Also, a few of the side gardens could use a bit more maintenance (empty or stagnant water in the fountains/pools, things like that).
This place is a must see when visiting Miami. The only thing I could compare it to is that it is like Mount Vernon in Virginia, but bigger and better, sorry George. I would like to come back again when they have the skylight finished.
This is the classiest place you'll find in South Florida.  Whereas so much of Miami feels deliberately tawdry, Vizcaya will transport you to a completely different world.  It is a beautiful building and gardens to match.   There is so much to discover both inside and outside that I could have easily spent the entire day just wandering about.  As others have noted, you are bound to run into a Quinceanera or three during your visit, but the grounds are big enough that you won't have any problem finding a nice quiet spot to yourself. This is the perfect place to take my parents when they visit.  I will definitely be back.
This place is amazing. You should definitely visit this place if you go to Miami. There are beautiful gardens in different levels with a view to the ocean. The museum is very nice too. I could not imagine someone actually lived there. We went there around noon time and spend about 2 hours there before going to the airport. Make sure to take photos. It is a must see.
We've visited Vizcaya twice and it's a "must-see" in Miami.  It's in a beautiful old mansion which backs up to the water, in a setting that's somewhat reminiscent of Venice - and it has beautiful gardens & fountains.  If you're there on a week-end, you'll undoubtedly see a few brides having photos taken.
What a beautiful place to spend the afternoon. Admission is $15. The Miami-Dade resident price of $10 is NO LONGER valid. We arrived a bit after 10am, and a long line had already formed on a Monday. They do offer free tours, we started one, but then dropped off and decided to explore on our own. The home (which looks like a castle) is amazing. The gardens go on forever. It would be nice to have a picnic here, but I don't think you can bring food/drinks inside. My in-laws loved it; I think this was the highlight of their trip to Miami. The views of the bay are outstanding. There were several brides there taking pictures.
Even though I had to miss this year's Halloween Sundowner, let me share a few notes about this place. Clearly a must stop on any Tourist tour, this mansion is absolutely amazing and I encourage all to support it by becoming a Vizcayan. Originally designed as a get away party home the Halloween Sundowner is one of the main three fundraisers for this place. It also is one of the few occasions to see it at night. During the day, the building, the gardens and the view of Biscayne bay are great, but at night, the subtle lighting through out the building and the gardens make this a truly amazing sight. ...add to this a few hundred people dressed in the spirit of Halloween and some great music...and you have the best party in town. Also look for the july4th and New Years bash.
I liked how the architecture included the outside through the use of loggias. I loved the tower rooms but my favorite was the breakfast room with its air conditioning and view.  The second level smells like incense.  I'm glad we saw the concrete boat, secret garden, and tearoom before wedding reception set up was complete.  We were here for at least 2.5 hours.  In comparison to Hearst Castle there is a sense of decay, especially as the abandoned edges of the gardens look like they can easily be reclaimed by the jungle.   There were two trailer trucks inside the West entrance so I thought there was a fashion shoot at first.  Yesterday there was also a fruit wine tasting in front of the gift shop. We pretended to play Pac-Man in the maze garden. Why can't they move quincenera photography to after visitor hours?
Easy to get to and fascinating story behind the property. We went on the day they have their once a year fundraising to maintain the property as a public museum so lots of setting up and equipment got in the way of exploring every crevice. It's such a beautiful place with amazing items that I wish i could take pictures of but I know would compromise the integrity of the paintings and other curated items. I wanted to so badly give this place 4-5 stars but I think a museum like this thrives on its tour guides and I really felt that this area was supremely lacking in quality and energy. So much so that I wanted to try to get a job as a guide only to find out it's volunteer based...which made me realize that tour guides would be a hit or miss depending on the volunteers.
Loved this place. I came into miami for a long weekend and spent most of my saturday here. This is definitely a place for people that appreciate museums or more cultural activities. A nice break from some of the party miami hot spots. The entire property is picture worthy and we saw quite a few wedding and quincenera photo shoots. Bring your student id if you're on a student budget and appreciate the discount! ;)
Reminded me of walking around European gardens. Great way to spend a day or afternoon! I also got the audio walking tour and learned all sorts of cool info about the house and its grounds. Would definitely check out if in the area!
I had free passes and decided to go on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. There was a lovely breeze blowing off Biscayne Bay, which made meandering through the gardens truly magical. The house was the epitome of opulence and I am sure was state of the art when built. There were so many beautiful examples of craftsanship and attention to detail that one just does not see anymore. Outside the vistas were breathtaking and there were some creepy and magical areas just waiting to be discovered. There was a wedding being set up during the visit and I felt a little weird cutting through the preparations, but they seemed accustomed as the staff was completely unfazed by this.  Also, this may not be the best place for someone with liited mobility, as much of the grounds are uneven and steps a little steep.
We opted for the self guided audio tour and quickly toured the house while the guided tour slowly made their way from room to room. We spent most of our time at Vizcaya taking in the gorgeous gardens, acres and acres of gardens. The gazebo to the south east part of the house overlooking Biscayne Bay was an especially whimsical little spot for us. We enjoyed the cafe which had better than average food for a museum and a nice environment in which to eat it.
If you have a fetish for girls in their quinceanera dresses, come here.
This place is gorgeous inside and out. Awesome place for a private company party. Came here in 2000, will never forget that party ;)
I have never heard of Vizcaya until this trip to Miami. All I heard was some rich man decided to build this disgustingly huge villa on the 180 acres of land he bought. The entrance to the villa was quite grand with statues everywhere. The building and landscaping definitely have a renaissance sense of symmetry and order. The main villa was quite spectacular with an indoor courtyard and walks out to the view of the ocean - my dream house layout! The wavebreaker was not just a wavebreaker it is shaped in the form of a ship with sculptures all over. I can't help but wonder why? Then there were the different rooms dramatically decorated with furnishings, sculptures and paintings from different periods - namely the neoclassical, rococo, renaissance, the french style, the english style and even the chinese style. The guide called Deering eclectic! I thought anyone with taste would stick to one style. It was quite a mess walking from room to room. Now the thought again - why so frou frou? This house was built in the 1900s to look like the 16-17 centuries. It's odd but after walking through all the rooms masking with previous periods the kitchen truly reflected when it was build - white tiles and cooper pots with the modern amenities. And I quite like it. By the time I reached the master bedroom with a tiny single bed  I can't help but wonder about the sexual orientation of the owner plus he was single when he died. I was convinced that there will be a secret room with a queen bed for his escapades. And I found it on the very top floor where there were several very private rooms and one of them had a queen/double bed. Why would anyone build a house so grand and never to be shared with a loving family? After some research there are speculations he may have been gay. I thought of Miami South Beach, Versace's mansion, Key West this kinda blend right in with the lifestyle of Miami. This also reminded of The Falling Water where the son was gay too but they are usually the ones, being single and had appreciations for the arts, to give up their master pieces for historical preservation. I suppose with heirs we will never get to see the grandeur of Vizcaya or Falling Waters. The garden is very spectacular as well it reminded of Marie Antoniette's villa in Versailles and guess what? There're reminders of Marie Antoniette including a bust in the guest reception and a reference of Deering's anemia to Marie Antoinette as well.
This place is absolutely beautiful!!!! The views are breathtaking of the gardens and the water. Though they should clean up the barge area. Otherwise, the place is truly gorgeous. Enjoyed our visit.
This is my favorite tourist attraction in Miami. I love visiting this place. The gardens are beautiful, they are Italian inspired. When your there, you forget your in Miami.  The view and the breeze from the Ocean is really nice too. If your in Miami, you must come here.
One of the most beautiful places in Miami. The Gardens and trials are so fascinating. There are no words for the view from the dock is breathtaking. I have been to several events held here from wedding receptions to birthday parties.  The perfect place to shoot a model.
Wonderful romantic place to visit and snap "faux" old world shots. I went there on a first date and it was definitely a great choice. The gardens though not as maintained as I can imagine they were when Deering lived there were vast and intricately developed to advertise the natural elements of the area such as the Lime Stone alcoves. The house defies description though I will try. The craftsmanship for the doors, the rooms the decor was astounding and everything was so magically detailed. The murals in the breakfast room took my imagination by storm and could only dream up how exciting it would have been for Deering visitors to actually arrive by boat to the rear of the home. Definitely a must see as the place has even hosted presidential gatherings.
Beautiful garden and house.  A good sight seeing experience
GREAT DATE SPOT! Vizcaya is beautiful!  I went there on a date and it was extremely romantic.  For $20/person you get to see a large house and the gardens surrounding it.  The gardens are the best part by far!  I walked out on one of the piers and the view of the ocean, coupled with the view of the old house is amazing.  The gardens are the best in Miami.  They have maze bushes, waterfalls, fountains, statues, and different levels of the garden.  The house was interesting.  We should have taken the guided tour instead of just looking around ourselves.  You can spend as long or as short of a time there as you want to.  I would recommend making a day of it and budgeting 3-4 hours.  Make sure you go on a day with great weather.  It would have been lovely to sit at their outdoor cafe and drink a latte - but I think it was closed when we went.  This is the perfect venue to host a private outdoor reception or party.
So I always feel a Lil off about gardens worried about paying a lot to see dusty furniture through glass viewing booths. Thankfully Vizcaya is not that. Place. 15 bucks gets you in the park and off you go 5 steps take u out of Miami into the bliss of italian oldschool wealth. You'll do the house all the floors lots of cool collections then walk the grounds like millionaires before you lol. Really this place has "Charm". You find yourself forgetting your not at your rich friends backyard and should probable keep moving lol. Great stop give yourself 1 to 2 hours. Affordable food in cafe.
Beautiful, but only takes about 1 hour to tour. I really enjoyed the view of the ocean. They are adamant on the no photos policy in the house too.
As many times as I have been here, I never get tired of Vizcaya. It has enduring old world beauty, timeless architecture and inspiration around every corner. Take all of this and add a talented decorator to dress Viscaya for your wedding and you have breathtaking! There are some logistical challenges that come with such an old place, but this is simply a matter of season (try not to get married at Vizcaya in the summer, it is too hot) and budget (everything must be brought in and then taken out - no onsite services other than what is already there which is basically the grounds and the bathrooms). Vizcaya is not hip and no amount of decor can change that. It *is* sophisticated, beautiful, romantic and elegant.
This is a must go see. The most beautiful place ever!!!!!!!!!!! Sad we couldnt take pictures inside the mansion, but the garden and ocean view covers it. I loved it and so did my babe. Had a romantic feel to it too ;)
I LOVE Vizcaya. I love anything with history behind it. Take your time to explore inside and out. The gardens are breath taking soo beautiful. Great place to have a picnic. I really enjoy visiting during christmas time beautiful weather, and gorgeous decorations! please do yourself a favor and visit. Cheaper rates for miami locals.
Beautiful place I would love to do so photo shoot here. Its close to mercy hospital embed its in a great location. Breath taking.....
I'm in love with the Vizcaya mansion and grounds. I could go there every day of the month and still discover something new and beautiful. Each room in the mansion is filled with delicately selected furniture and art shipped from Europe. Everything from the carefully designed floor tiles to the beautiful ceilings is so amazing from an artistic point of view. There are often weddings and photo shoots on the grounds, and I definitely suggest that if you're looking for a great spot - this is it. ** I would not suggest this as a place to take your children. Unless they are of age to appreciate the art.
Breathtakingly beautiful! Thankful that this is open to the public. If you ever have a chance the exclusive Halloween party held here is amazing! The mansion and grounds are both truly whimsical. I am whisked away to Firenze when I visit here. The gardens are beautiful and although not perfect due to many years of destructive hurricanes. If you visit Miami this is a wonderful place for families too. Have some extra time it sure beats the mall! Don't forget your camera!
It was a nice tour and the outside was pretty.  But the tour guide lady seems like she needs a time out.
Beautiful spot...kind of  like the Heart Castle of Florida, but smaller. I first saw Vizcaya on a gardening show, and it looked interesting. I got here too late to do a tour, but it was worth a visit anyway. $15 for non-county residents. The one kind of annoying thing is that this is apparently a popular spot for wedding and quinceañera photos meaning that there is going to be some 15 year old in a dress bigger than Cinderrela's and three photographers in the exact spot in the garden that you'd like to enjoy. Make sure the catch the giant faux sunken ship in the back yard.
If you have the time to explore the grounds and the many gardens this is a definite must see. Its a great way to spend a lazy Sunday or plan an over the top pricey event. Go with good friends or just to take your mind off of the real world for a while.
Very beautiful. Felt like I was in Italy. Loved it.
I'm glad the government opened this up to the public, so that we could learn about the history and walk through the beautifully kept grounds. This is a great place to take pictures, as it's next to the waters.
I love this place! The garden is gorgeous and breath taking. Me and a group of 7 girls went on a very hot sunny day and was soaked and sticky afterwards but it is worth the sweat. It is a scenic place to explore, take pictures and appreciate the architecture and landscaping.
Came here for a night time wedding and it was amazing!! The grounds are gorgeous and there is a cool half-sunken gazebo which you definitely need to see! Also came here once during the day, and the gardens are beautiful. This is a magical place.
It's a live version of the show Cribs except at an old mansion built and owned by a dead rich person.
Everything that's been said is true. This place is absolutely beautiful. Visiting Vizcaya is the perfect way to spend a day in Miami as a local or an out-of-towner. We will definitely make it a stop with guests of all ages. The view of the bay with the stone barge is worth the entrance fee alone. It's incredible that this property is so well-preserved. It will make you daydream of Gatsby-like soirees and wish all your special events happened here.
Make sure you give yourself time to really take it in.  We had lunch at the cafe (surprisingly good food) and leisurely toured the house.  The real treat was a relaxing walk around the grounds.  The garden area on the West side of the building was especially beautiful.  It was also a nice treat to see all the Quinceañera photo shoots happening on the grounds.
The garden is the best part of Vizcaya, particularly so if one wants to sit and read under the lovely shades of trees and vines.
Just a great spot in Miami. The volunteers are so well educated on the grounds and history they are just amazing!
What a house!!! The decoration, view, everything is worth the visit!!!  The garden OMG Amazing!  If you come to Miami you have to go to Vizcaya, don't miss it!
Photography is not allowed inside, which was a bummer.  I noticed a few impressive wedding books that were available to view which pitched Vizcaya's beautiful, lush grounds for your romantic events.  =)   As a tourist, it was one of the few Miami attractions, away from the bustle of South Beach that I really appreciated.
If you ever decide to venture off the beaten path and slow your pace while in MIA, I highly suggest visiting. The mansion and gardens have been host to several movies, the statues and secret nooks will mesmerize you as you walk around wishing you could stay forever. One of my favorite places in the US!
Really enjoyed the tour around the mansion. Especially since they offer it in Spanish. The gardens and structures make you feel like you've left Miami and enter a different land.
Such a beautiful estate and gardens. The tour of the first floor is really enlightening and makes the whole experience that much more interesting. The only drawbacks were the expensive prices in the  cafe and gift shop and the random tent set up for an event that was blocking our view of the ocean. Even the tour guide seemed pretty annoyed with the tent. Otherwise would definitely recommend for a 2-3 hour detour while you're in Miami.
The Vizcaya Museum and Gardens are a must-see attraction if you're visiting Miami. It's rich in history and is an amazing estate. There is a wonderful gift shop and restaurant, so consider having lunch there. The food is wonderful and they even make fresh fruit smoothies. The gardens are beautiful.
Beautiful place on the waterfront, especially the gardens.
For original review with many pictures, please see guiyanggal.com/2007/06/0… Vizcaya is a really neat place, even when you consider that it was recently built, so the patina of history surrounding it is fake. Nonetheless, it has a gardens and an amazing house with all sorts of interesting architecture. The grounds are extensive, and just the sort of perfect thing for the well-heeled Miami wedding. We saw not one, not two, but three separate wedding parties there. Out of curiosity, I called to see how much it cost to rent the place; renting for one night for up to 100 guests was $12k for a weekend or $7k for a weekday. Given the extensive and amazing grounds, of course a good deal of our time was finding a spot where I'd be happy with the lighting. I hate pictures with flash! Given what a snob I am about the right natural lighting, we would walk all over until I finally decided that some spot was a good spot. Vacaya is serene, a great place to walk around with that special someone with hand holding.
Such a beautiful and peaceful place! A must see!
I have been going to this place since I was 10 and I still enjoy it and I am 30. I would recommend it to anyone. The mansion is spectacular and the views are amazing.
i love this place.  it really is beautiful!  not a huge garden, but it's very nice to walk around and spend the day here.  i spent 3 hours and had lunch here, so it was worth the admission price.  they have lots of parking, and i came on a weekday so it was pretty empty.  i picked up the self-guided audiotour at the ticket booth and was on my way.  the audiotour is excellent and takes you through both the gardens and the house.  there's lots of art and beautiful architecture in the house, but photography is not allowed (though most people didn't care to follow this rule... boooo...).  but still, you might want to bring your camera so you can take some nice pictures outside in the gardens.  there are lots of lizards sunning themselves on the walls.   there were a few photographers taking pictures for some girls' quinceaneras but it's not too hard to avoid them. the cafe is small (like a food truck) and you eat outside amongst the local cat population.  the lemon tuna salad was delicious and the unsweeted iced tea was perfect for the heat.   the giftshop is in a tent next to the cafe.  they have lots of postcards of the gardens and museum (which was perfect since you can't take pictures inside).   it was the perfect place for me to come and relax in Miami during spring break!
I am a Miami Native. Born and Raised in the county of Dade. I have lived hear for 29 years and last Sunday was the first time that I ever visited Viscaya. It is a Miami Landmark and a definite must see if you live in the area or are ever in the area. I had such a wonderful experience taking the audio tour that is offered for only $5. It takes you through the entire house including the gardens. I found the admission of $15 a bit pricey; however, given the experience I had, it was well worth it. From all the beautiful rooms, to the majestic gardens, to the intricate details on the walls, Viscaya is a gem.
So beautiful.  Took my breath away.
This place is very enjoyable, especially if you like history. The property is scenic and there is a lot to look at.  I can't remember if there was a tour or not.
Lovely gem. Well worth the visit.
What can I say that hasn't already been said? Beautiful and breath-taking.   Love that there is this place of tranquility in the busy-ness of Miami.   I really enjoyed exploring all the nooks and crannies of the garden.   A great place to enjoy a lazy Sunday afternoon stroll.
Just beautiful. The gardens are incredible we arrived early and had the gardens to ourselves. So much history in the main house and the collections of furniture and art work is very eclectic. Jay Gatsby would be proud.
I visited Miami in early October and a local suggested I visit Viscaya. It is quite beatutiful,and in a lovely state of deterioration. It's like a movie set worth the visit!
I went to an AIDS event called the White Party several years ago here with some friends ,who at the time, owned a club called LEVEL (which is now Mansion). This place took my breath away.  We came in on a friend's yacht and and docked.  They had beautiful men half naked posing on columns with angel wings, stations of food in the gardens and some really hot music playing.  I did not want the night to ever end.  Have not seen Vizcaya since it was damaged by hurricane Wilma and Katrina(arts.endow.gov/about/NEA…).  Breaks my heart....
Stunning place to spend the day alone or take out of town guests. Great for taking pictures. There was a photo shoot going on for what looked like a bridal/dress magazine. Breathtaking view. Highly reccommend.
this makes for a pleasant stroll if you have a free afternoon. i'm generally a history enthusiast, and yet i don't remember anything interesting about the history of this place.
This is place is simply beautiful. The history and elegance make for a great experience. I went with my mother who didn't want to go but did to make me happy. After we left she said she was so happy she went. I would like to again on a date. The gardens make for a perfect romantic afternoon stroll. While we were there they were setting up for a lavish party on the terrace and it looked fabulous! I highly recommend this place to anyone.
I have heard it called, "The Hearst Castle of the East Coast." Having not been to the Hearst Castle, I will reserve judgement. I will say, that this place is absolutely amazing. I would put this as a "must-do" while in Miami. The house is very large, with probably 30 rooms (I am sure there are more, but some of the house is off-limits). This residence is pretty gaudy, with the typical mahogany or teak hand-carved wood panels, marble floors and statues, and very high ceilings. Classic European art is scattered throughout the house. And, yes, like the other reviewers said, no pictures are allowed inside the house. The gardens are simply exquisite and beautiful. The views of Biscayne Bay are cool as well.
WOW! We had an awesome experience at this museum. Beautiful place & the gardens was amazing. We will definitely be back!
If you're anywhere near Miami, don't miss spending an hour or two at this spectacular waterfront mansion with expansive manicured gardens.  Bring a good digital camera (not just your smartphone) with lots of available memory + plenty of battery life because you'll want photos of this remarkable historical estate from nearly every angle!  Just be sure to arrive well before the posted last entrance time so that you don't get locked out or rushed along (this happened the first time I visited).  Even the cafe and gift shop are lovely.  Truly a wonderful place and I look forward to visiting again.
Absolutely beautiful. I am usually dragged along to museums but at Vizcaya it was sooooooooooooooo amazing. In the beginning I decided to not get the audio tour( in all past experiences at other places audio tour's just keep on talking boring nonsense) but here there was a variety of themes (Roman to Chinese)all I could say was W.O.W. me, being almost disgustingly fascinated in Greek/Roman mythology (I read any Greek book i can find) was able to see many different tapestries depicting myths. Also there are a few little surprising finds, for example, there are a few dead brain corral in a fountain. I expected the food to be horrible (to me museum food=bleh) but to my surprise the food was excellent and fresh. outside there many different gardens some where along the adventure I found a place that looked like a forest and a lot of time was dumped on candyland ( rotting crooked candy cane poles at the steps of a wetland). Very fascinating, well worth the visit.
take free tour It's included w admission
I normally don't tour museums or gardens that appear in tourist heavy areas but I was pleasantly surprised with this attraction.  The house on the acreage is facinanting and the gardens are very impressive.  This is one of those tourist attractions worthy of the cost of admission, go see it.
Beautiful place to stroll and enjoy a unique Miami landmark!
I would like to give it a 41/2--it is opulent, over-the-top, decadent, and ostentatious --and I loved it.  Sometimes fantastic is just fantastic and we don't need a critique about the ills and extravagances of the uber wealthy. The gardens are beautiful , the location is wonderful, and the mansion is exquisite.  There were two drawbacks: 1) the incredible amount of trash floating in the water and surrounding the grounds by the mangroves. Disgusting.  The Naomi Fisher video--an artist's take on the extravagance of the rich based on her childhood memories of Vizcaya.  It seemed out of place. Art is in the eyes of the beholder and it seemed out of place and odd--I just didn't behold--but that's just me, someone else might love it.  It took me out of my happy zone momentarily--it kind of felt whiney.  The grounds and house were simply not to be missed.
I decided to check out this museum and was stunned at its beauty. Trying new things is my current goal and this visit to Vizcaya was an amazing start. Its statues, ceiling art and architecture I enjoyed a lot.
Awe. This place left me in awe. Really, how have I lived in Miami for six years and never visited "Miami's Only Public National Historic Landmark"? From the Versailles-like gardens to the beautiful main house with countless rooms to explore, I was transported out of Miami and back to Europe. Here's a neat fact about me: I love open houses. Going from room to room, not sure what's behind the next corner or up the following staircase, it's such a fun game that truly makes me giddy. We didn't opt to do the audio tour, but instead, explored on our own, reading the informational plaques along the way. After marveling at the detail of everything from the ceilings and art pieces to the furniture and views (ok, I marveled A LOT at that beautiful kitchen), we made our way outside to see the beautiful orchids, seashell-adorned pool and, of course, the main gardens which were ripe for exploring! I could get lost in them and truly just relax and find some peace for a few hours. I can't forget to mention the breathtaking view from the terrace overlooking Biscayne Bay. Standing there really warrants a deep breath to really take in how wonderful it is to live in The Magic City. I want to get married here, I want to do a photoshoot here, I want to go to an event here, basically, I just want to BE here (live here?) every single day.
When I arrived with my suitcase, they gave me a weird look. I told them I was there to move in and that I was a great comfort food cook. When they broke the news that no one actually lives here anymore, I sadly paid my entrance fee, put my luggage back in the car and explored the grounds with all the other visitors. Yes, I want to live here. If you have been, then you feel me. If you haven't, then when you arrive you will nod your head with agreement silently thinking to yourself, Colleen was right! Stunning. Lovely. Gorgeous. Grand. Extravagant. Majestic. Just a few adjectives about everything going on. The house itself is one of the most gorgeous, detailed mansions I have ever laid eyes on. Once you think you have seen the coolest part, you turn a corner and claim another "coolest part" - I mean all the books and crannies alone are cool. Hidden doorways. Detailed ceilings. The pool. The views. The garden. The kitchens. The courtyard. The views. Did I mention the views? Good Lawd, just give me a cup of tea and a book and I'll make myself comfy all up in this place. If I lived here I would be really torn on where to spend my whole day. With the balcony view from the main bedroom, I'm not sure I would leave there. But then I would remember the bathroom, the huge courtyard, the back terrace, the POOL - seriously the coolest pool I've ever seen, up there with the badassery of infinity pools. The ceiling in the inside part of the pool is all seashells. So dope. There were so many photo shoots going on for very good reasons, this is a glorious backdrop! There are no photos allowed inside the house, which was SO HARD because I wanted to show off so many cool things but you will just have to go yourself to experience it IRL! Check out all the pics from the grounds tho, just brilliant. I can't wait to return or go to an event here. I am in love.
A most see here in Miami. You can't take pictures inside the house. The house is big and you can bring kids if you can control them. Touching anything is forbidden and there's a reason for that. The whole house is a work of art covering different styles and ages. The entry pass is cheap. 18 dlls per Adult. There's discount for seniors and children. You can buy a printed guide or an audio guide (they lend you headphones and a player). A beautiful place to visit indeed!
I've been to Miami countless times but I've only been to the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens one time. This is a really special place in that there's a lot of history and beauty here.  The grounds are absolutely huge so bring comfortable shoes as there's a lot to see besides just going to the mansion inside.   The structure itself is impressive but what is really nice are all the landscaping done in the garden area.  The area that faces the water has steps that lead down to what I can only call a boat sculpture.   It is really nice that this property has been preserved and is well kept for the public to enjoy.
A must see in South Florida!. My camera and I truly enjoy each visit to this fantastic place. The history, Arquitecture, Gardens and beautiful ocean views are worth many trips to this museum.
An absolutely stunning place to visit. I highly suggest anyone taking a vacation to South Florida to stop here. There is so much to look at both inside of the house and outside as well. This is a historical, beautiful, and fascinating landmark of an era that has unfortunately passed and brought in the generation of what I like to call "laziness."   My most recent experience here I did have a couple issues. When purchasing a ticket the price they gave me was triple what the website said. The bored employee did not seem to care so we paid anyways because well, we drove all the way from Fort Lauderdale to go there. I was modeling in a photoshoot that day and I was told from said employee that if I were changing my outfit it was an extra $100 or so. Uh, what? Why? Thank goodness I wasn't changing an outfit, but even if I was, why would you charge someone for that? That was probably one of the most ridiculous things I have heard in a while. I'm paying you more than what I was expecting to get in and now you want to charge me an obscene amount to take pictures? I don't think so. Overall, I do love this place and enjoy the feeling of walking through history.
Villa Vizcaya is one of Miami's most famous landmarks, and for good reason.  Whether you like homes, interior design, gardens, historic homes, historical artifacts, or waterfront villas, Vizcaya Museum and Gardens is sure to have something for everyone.  Vizcaya is named for the Bay of Biscay's Spanish region of Vizcaya as Vizcaya is on the West Atlantic's Biscayne Bay.  The home was the winter estate of Mr. James Deering, a wealthy heir, from 1916 to 1925, the time of his death.  Located on Biscayne Bay, the villa offers impressive waterfront views, as well as Italian Renaissance gardens and elements of Baroque and Mediterranean Revival manifested in the home's interior.  In fact, it contains one of the most significant collections of Italian furniture in United States.  It is currently owned by Miami-Dade County. The villa was built primarily between 1914 and 1922, with the construction of the elaborate Italian Renaissance gardens and the village continuing into 1923. Vizcaya is noteworthy for adapting historical European aesthetic traditions to South Florida's subtropical climate.  Paul Chalfin is the man responsible for the interior design and the idea of incorporating the antiquities inside the home.  He also gave the rooms their garish names.  Speculation exists as to the relationship between Chalfin and Deering, as some would consider the home's interior to be rather feminine.  Speaking of the home's interior, no photography of any sort is permitted inside the home.   The house was designed to take full advantage of the location on Biscayne Bay, and the sun, by incorporating the Courtyard, the main area of the house, which originally opened to the sky.  Mr. Deering's balcony looks out to the bay, and the house faces the direction of the bay as well.  The north façade contains the swimming pool that emerges from vaulted arches at the undergroung level of the house. The south façade opens onto the formal gardens with enclosed loggias on the first and second floors.  The many rooms emphasize 15th through early 19th century European decorative art and furnishings. The eighteenth century was the main inspiration, including styles ranging from the Rococo to the more linear Neoclassical style. Outside are not only the Secret Garden, the intimate Theater Garden, the playful Maze Garden and the once-watery domain of the Fountain Garden, but also the David Kline Orchidarium, containing many different species of Vanda orchids.  The views of the bay are magnificent, and there is a beautiful Venetian barge of carved stone in the bay, which serves as a breakwater.  There is also a visually stunning gazebo, and a footbridge.  Both Vizcaya's exterior, its gardens, the footbridge and gazebo aremextremely popular locations for weddings and other special events, such as quinceañera (15th birthday), and photography of such events. Vizcaya is also where President Ronald Reagan received Pope John Paul II on his first visit to Miami and the 1994 location of the important 'First Summit of the Americas' convened by President Bill Clinton.  If Vizcaya looks familiar to you, it is because it has provided the setting for many films, such as Tony Rome, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, Any Given Sunday, Bad Boys II, Airport '77, Haunts of the Very Rich, The Money Pit, and Iron Man 3. The music video for The Cover Girls' song "Promise Me" from 1988 was filmed at Vizcaya.  The music video for New Edition's song "I'm Still In Love With You" from 1996 was also filmed at Vizcaya. So there you have it.  Take a look at the photos, if the reviews are not convincing enough.  Because of the heat and massive crowds, it is highly recommended that you come in the morning.  Although they used to hold the Renaissance Faire here many years ago, sadly, that had to be discontinued due to the littering and intense cleanup efforts left behind for the groundskeeper.  They do hold Halloween masquerade balls, but admission can be pricey ($165).  There are also moonlight garden tours and films, with the moonlight garden tours also including live music.  Do keep in mind that these nighttime events do not allow access to the inside of the home, if that is something you're hoping to see.
Much in the same vein as The Cruz Building (same neighborhood, too; Oh, Coconut Grove, there is much yelping to be done in you), Vizcaya got away from me but I am so happy to have had the opportunity to attend an event at these gorgeous grounds. Not only is the venue a site of local historical significance, it's breathtakingly beautiful. The grounds, the home, the art... it's all spectacular. Vizcaya is an occasion to be wrapped in opulence. There's nothing subtle about it. While my time in the 'house' was limited to walking through to the back, I couldn't help but to be awed by everything I saw. Again, the art, the architecture, the decor... it called out to me and begged me to make it mine. There there, my pets. Soon enough... Despite having a servants' view of the home, the grounds alone are worthy of five stars. Sitting along the water, Vizacaya is laid out to impress and show off. Impressive stonework as far as the eye can see, make sure you get up close and personal with the delicate masonry. You don't see a lot of detail like that down here. Appreciate it. But, the virgo within me was called to the green space. Beyond the massiveness of the house & its attachments are gardens straight out of a European travelogue. Stairs, greenery, hiding spaces, turrets, flowers, fountains, shrubs, statues, and more create a lattice-like landscape fit for exploration, romance, day dreaming, imagination, and contemplation. Enjoy the silence. Vizcaya is beauty at its finest. Again, much like The Cruz Building, there's little about it that screams 'Miami.' Walking throughout the property gives you a sense that you are somewhere far away and enjoying a vacation fit for a king/queen. Miami, take advantage of the hidden beauty of your city. There's so much to discover and appreciate. Between Vizcaya and Deering Estate at Cutler, I am figuring out a way to marry in to the family. I like your house-style, James Deering. One day I shall live like this. Mark my words.
Its nice, but was a bit bellow my expectations honestly. Not stroller friendly. Gardens are pretty and the water view is very beautiful.
"I would love to get married here!" - I blurted these words out as I took in the breeze cooling my sweaty forehead as we walked out the side gardens to the backyard (which is essentially the part of the property facing the water). Gold chairs and arrays of bouquets were being setup for a wedding which was scheduled to take place that evening. Vizcaya is exactly how Rabia described it - a lavish 1920's estate preserved by James Deering and a venue Jay Gatsby would most definitely approve off for one of his grand ol' parties! This estate seems to fit in Miami's tropical weather and yet stand alone in a mysterious way due to its Italian Renaissance-style architecture. I came here primarily after being seduced by pictures I saw on a friend's Facebook and so glad I did! I still regret not being able to capture more of the beautiful villa in pictures due to the untimely (as always) death of my iPhone's battery.
Visiting Vizcaya historic landmark during the summer is always an adventure, specially with the rainy hurricane season. Regardless, you're always in for a treat exploring the grounds influenced by European gardens and architecture. Since Florida is not really known for preserving historical sites, I'm really pleased that the property has remained operating and the staff works on preventive preservation of the remaining items at this estate. Fun fact:Deering was a prominent aristocrat he enjoyed his gin and smokes. Also if you're a student bring your ID you will receive a discount. They have discounts for senior citizens as well. Apparently this location is also popular for photographers to do shootings for sweet sixteens and weddings. You will occasionally see the girls in big poofy dresses posing. Visit this location you will enjoy the rich culture and ambience.
Vizcaya is breathtaking! I can only imagine how magnificent it was during its prime. There must have been grand celebrations both in the ornate home and on the lavish grounds. The house is nice but I was most impressed by the landscape of the many gardens, fountain areas, gazebos, trees and flowers. It made me want to renew my wedding vows on the lawn or attend a tea party Oceanside in the gazebo. You really have to see it-words are not enough. Pics help though so check em out. $2 off admission discount cards for Vizcaya are available at most hotels or visitor centers. Regular price is $18 adults. I think kids are free.
I can't fathom being able to afford a property like this but I am sure my wife would love to live here. I came to the museum many, many years ago and even then was blown away by how amazing it is. The decorations, the hidden passage through a book shelf, the beautiful gardens, the "backyard" area overlooking the water - all of it is outstanding and worth doing the tour. More recently I came here for their annual Halloween party (won first place in the couples costume contest!) and it was my first time seeing the space used for an event. WOW. First of all - this place is ridiculously amazing at night! All lit up the place is beautiful and that backyard I mentioned looks amazing at night overlooking the water. The entrance is also perfect for Halloween. There are barely and lights and I was a little scared walking up that long winding driveway. As soon  as we walked in there were various characters dressed in old Victorian costumes. not just any costumes...these were all out - movie quality costumes. All around I think this is one of the only "landmarks" that Miami has - but if you are only going to have a few, this is the kind I would want to have! Do the tour, come take your engagment photos or your daughters quinces photos, walk through the estate, enjoy the gardens and get a little piece of old Miami.
Ducked in for a quickie tour and to evaluate the place as a set for a special event or upcoming project to do some video production. I love Vizcaya and have been here many times over the year for different events and parties like Halloween and Valentine's Day. Well, well worth a visit. Formerly the residence of area forefather and community businessman, founder, and all around icon, James Deering, the joint is now owned by Miami-Dade County and is sat on Biscayne Bay in the present day Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami, Florida. It was also the primary set location for 80's film "The Whoopie Boys." The early 20th century Vizcaya estate includes extensive Italian Renaissance gardens; a native woodland landscape; and a historic village outbuildings compound. The landscape and architecture were influenced by Veneto and Tuscan Italian Renaissance models and designed in the Mediterranean Revival architecture style, with Baroque elements. Paul Chalfin was the design director (from Wikipedia). Open to the public. Wait until it isn't Summer to visit, unless you love heat, humidity, and schvitzing. Cabeza OUT!
WOW!  Blown away.  If I was given the chance to travel back in time for just one day, I honestly think I'd spend my day here.  Is that random?  Maybe but that's all I kept thinking of when I was here.  Seriously, this was 1920's unimaginable opulence and I can't even fathom what it'd be like to attend a party here.  I'm not even going to try to adequately describe just how enchanted I was with this place.  It's no wonder in the half hour or so I spent just touring the gardens, I saw at least 3 brides and a few other people getting professional portraits done.  I can't blame them, if I lived in Miami, I'd definitely do the same. TIP:  I highly suggest doing the audio tour.  It's only $5 extra and gives you so much great info.  Otherwise, you're stuck with the little info they provide at the designated spots, which really isn't much.  Trust me, you'll get so much more out of your trip here if you do the audio tour. Bonus TIP:  If you take the free trolley, it'll drop you off directly in front of the entrance.
You've got to do this while you are in Miami.  It's absolutely stunning, and some of the coolest collection of random antiques that I've ever seen. It kind of reminds me of a wannabe Versailles, but in a cool way!
I am so glad we came here!  It was a drizzly day but not so bad that you don't want to venture out.    You can tell from other users' photos this place is glorious, beautiful, and truly a work of art.   My tip is to DEFINITELY get the audio tour option.  It's an extra few dollars but so worth the additional information and little gems.    If you have a student ID, you save 7 dollars off admission!  Not too shabby at all.  You can easily spend three hours here, and that's not including a drink at the cafe or a walk around the bay some more.
Stunning! The Vizcaya Museum & Gardens are a must see if you are visiting Miami, FL. The house is phenomenal and its owner (James Deering) really knew how to live, creating a magnificent Renaissance Mediterranean style villa with all the modern amenities of the time: electricity, indoor plumbing, elevators, and phone lines. Though, these things are such a part of the villa (a palazzo, really), that you don't notice them and you think you're in some Florentine prince's home. Every room is an artistic masterpiece and even the main kitchen is a marvel of modernity. Not only did Mr. Deering have taste in art and antiquity, but he also had a talent for picking people to work with him:  Paul Chalfin (Designer & Interior Decorator), Diego Suarez (Landscape Designer) and F Burrall Hoffman (Architect) . Each of these gentlemen were responsible for the surrounding beauty and working harmony of the place overall - inside and out. My family and I spent a couple of hours at the place and counted no less than ten sweet sixteen photo shoots happening around the grounds - even saw a couple of brides. The State has made some upgrades, but these are tasteful and unobtrusive to the original structures and surroundings. Unfortunately, you are not allowed to take pictures inside the Villa but can take as many as you want outside.
We thought Vizacaya was great.  Been to Miami many, many times but I had never visited Vizcaya.  And my Miami friends only got for weddings. The buildings and gardens are terrific.  You can get a AAA discount.  Count on 2-3 hours -- if like us you skip the tour. Here's the deal.  An enormously rich guy, James Deering (International Harvester heir), spends a zillion dollars to build a Venetian palazzo on Biscayne Bay in Coconut Grove, Miami.  The staff at Vizcaya swore that at one time 10% of the total workforce of Miami worked on construction. Can this possibly be true?   And this was Deering's winter home. It's pretty amazing.   And you might want to check this out: gayinfluence.blogspot.co….  You won't find this on the Vizcaya website or in the brochures.
I had an amazing time at the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens. My bf and I went on a Saturday and it surprisingly wasn't as packed as I thought it would be for the lovely weather that we were having. We both paid $18 for admission as well as $5 each for the guided tour. The tour was great and it went around the main floor of the house and the different rooms. Our tour guide was very knowledgable about the house and knew a bunch of fun little facts. Once we were finished with the tour, we checked out the bedrooms upstairs and the beautiful garden outside. I had an amazing time venturing through the gardens, looking out on the bay and just walking around the property. There were people setting up for a wedding that day, so some areas were inaccesible, but I still thoroughly enjoyed my trip.
HORRIBLY kept gardens. 80% of the fountains were not operating and there was stagnant green water that smelled worse than anything you can imagine. There were several moats that had a foot of standing water that was full of bugs, spider webs, leaves and algae. The gardens had almost no signs describing what the use was for, what may have went on... Nothing. And the one that actually did say something was the orchid garden which had NO orchids in it. There wasn't much special about the inside either. They have a huge pipe organ which sat mute, and no sign giving any information about it. There was supposedly a player piano that was for the second floor room but again no information on it. Most areas are closed off so it was very uninteresting. All in all, not a very historic visit. Sure it's an expansive place but it's just not kept up anywhere near the way it should be.
Beautiful, a must see! I can't believe that I have lived in SFL most of my life and I have just recently found my way to visit the beautiful Vizcaya.  Everything about it is beautiful, the grand rooms, the architecture, the waterfront scenery, and the gorgeous lush gardens with coral and rock, a truly stunning landmark.
I think 'fabulous' is the appropriate adjective to apply to Vizcaya, a 34-room Renaissance-style villa built before the outbreak of World War I but not completely finished until 1923 by which time about 10% of Miami's labor force had worked on it. Because much of the original property had been sold to neighboring Mercy Hospital, the estate is really not big enough to be considered the East Coast version of Hearst Castle, but its setting on Biscayne Bay is striking by any measure. It reminds me of an Italianate version of the Filoli Estate but with decorative flourishes that only a "life-long bachelor" like International Harvester industrialist exec James Deering would include. He was in the constant company of openly gay decorator Paul Chalfin on frequent European buying sprees for elaborate antiquities that inform the mansion (photo: bit.ly/1kvfNxb). The architect was a young unknown named Francis Hoffman, but it was Chalfin's influence that surely led to the installation of a Capri-inspired grotto (photo: bit.ly/1tyf9oi) and most ostentatiously, a stone breakwater barge that doesn't look like it serves any functional purpose (photo: bit.ly/1pI4ffj). There are also Venetian poles to evoke the Grand Canal (photo: bit.ly/1iH8YsI), loggias, gazebos (photo: bit.ly/T2G8x8), a manual pipe organ, and statuary walks. It was a blistering hot Saturday when I visited, so I spent most of my time in the shaded areas among the mangrove swamps and tree-lined walkways. The gardens look like they've seen better days, and they probably have since Deering died in 1925. He bequeathed the estate to two nieces who showed minimal interest in maintaining the property until 1952 when they sold it to the county to operate as a museum. Admission is $18, and there's a worthwhile 90-minute audio tour that lets you walk the grounds at your own pace for just $5 extra. Be prepared to wait for the small bands of quinceañera and wedding photo parties who take over the vista points. I haven't seen that many girls in purple gowns since senior prom. No, not a senior-citizen prom, I mean like high school. It should come as no surprise that there's a gift shop and cafe where I tried a couple of pretty tasty $1.75 Pastelitos - Coconut and Guava & Cheese (photo: bit.ly/1kjLhep). For those like me who relied on the less-than-stellar Miami cab companies for transport, it's in a relatively isolated spot in Coconut Grove. The wait can be endless for a cab, so you might as well just walk out the gate and flail your arms at any passing vehicle on South Miami Avenue.
ADORE THIS PLACE! I know Miami is known for the beaches - but this place is a visual delight. James Deering sure knew how to live! For $18 you can purchase admission to this tourist hotspot - personally, I feel it's worth it. We were staying in SoBe - which equated to about a 15 minute drive in, and a 25 minute drive back due to traffic, about $30 in cab fare each way. Be sure to give yourself enough time when checking out the gardens, half of our time to visit was eaten up by the ridiculously long line which is not run efficiently, I'm afraid. I still give this attraction 5 stars due to how all floors of the mansion are open, the garden, atrium, and back lot are absolutely stunning.. my eyes had multiple gasms! Loved it!
This place is awesome! We went to Hemingway House in Key West. I definitely recommend this place over the Hemingway
Sight seeing only. I think Filoli in Half Moon Bay is better.
Simply beautiful. So beautiful in fact that I didn't mind being outdoors in the Miami heat. (Which I do complain about often, I am a weenie, what can I say?) Importing an Italian Villa to southern Miami may seem weird by some, but it totally works with the picturesque area. Lovely gardens, great weathered architecture, a schmancy and interesting Museum/mansion. No wonder every girl in Miami was having her Quinceañera photos taken here. No wonder I was taking photos of everything. No wonder so many people (including me) can be seen sitting and staring wistfully into some distant imaginary past as the sun bends the light through some tree branches that in turn highlights some beautiful marble statue. No wonder that can spend countless hours here and still enjoy and appreciate every minute of it. Vizcaya is amazingly gorgeous, and one of my favorite places in Miami.
This is a lovely way to spend a free day in Miami. After enjoying the beach, you will appreciate this scenic home on the Intercoastal. An adult ticket is $18, and you have the option to take a guided tour, audio tour, or a handbook guided tour (all for an additional cost). To save money, they have diagrams of the home inside- grab one of these and wander around. Each room has a placard with historical info, so you really don't need the extra investment. The gardens, and back of the home, overlook the Intercoastal- they have several gazebos and look-out points. Lots of great photo opportunities. Bring comfy walking shoes, and enjoy this hidden gem.
I will never look at a John Deer tractor the same again!!! Welcome to James Deering's home - a spectacular gem with incredible gardens and views.  Period rooms have been well preserved.  Some of the walls, entrances, doors, ceilings floors, furniture, paintings, light fixtures, kitchenware, you name it - so much fabulous it could never all be mentioned.  Great place to take pics of so many things gorgeous! Detractors- VERY long line to get in - over half an hour waiting mid-week/mid-day. A lot of the water fountains are no longer operating. We had lunch in the cafe and it was divine.  This place made me want to bring a picnic - very serene. At $18 per person, it's one of the pricier "museum's" of Miami without live entertainment or animals, but well worth it.  We also bought the audio tour for $5 each - and it was well worth it!  Enjoy - highly recommended!!!
Rawr. Opps, I mean ROAR. Like the roaring 1920s, which left a glamorous imprint on how life was in that decade. Same can be said about Vizcaya, it definitely left a roaring impression on me. Just imagine it's 1920, and you are invited to James Deering's winter estate: Villa Vizcaya for a dinner party. It's pretty much like going to one of Jay Gatsby's lavish parties; (girl) wearing a fab flapper dress and smoking a thin cigarette and having the time of her life. If it was any house Gatsby would throw a party in south Florida, it would be in Vizcaya. That's correct, guests could come in style in boats and gondolas through the Biscayne bay and be dropped off in the backyard of this gorgeous estate. A stone barge is visible and available for parties, there are beautiful exotic plants throughout the well maintained gardens. You fall in love with Vizcaya's whimsical aesthetically beautiful structure. (Mouthful of adjectives to describe it but it's true, it's gorgeous.) In the party, you will be dined in the finest silverware and china, which were hand picked by Deering of course, in his many trips to Europe. Same applies to the many antiques and artwork throughout his house. Ah, the glitz and glamour of this phenomenal estate. After much research, I discovered Mr.Deering did open his house to public every Sunday for people to visit and enjoy it's beauty while he was alive. Enough about the past, present day: While you visit this estate, you can opt to get a professional tour of the house. However, it's more fun to walk and see all the antique treasures by yourself. You feel like your at a royal home. It is definitely influenced by European castles/palaces. The best part of the visit is the gardens and the gorgeous view of the water. It seems Mr.Deering was building extensions in the gardens and thinking of new creative ways to utilize the biscayne bay by putting a stone barge even after the house was built. It is a very popular destination to visit. Many modeling shoots occur there, as well as engagement and marriage photos. You might have seen it in movies, such as Iron Man 3... What more can I say, I contemplated for a bit what to write for a 50th review. I knew it had to be impressive place in south Florida which makes one feel like you have gone to a different time and place. Vizcaya is that place and much more, so pay it a visit.
How do I even begin to describe the lush landscape, vast acreage and European renaissance fantasy that is Vizcaya Museum and Gardens? Well in a nutshell, I guess I just did. :-) But photos and detailed descriptions don't even do this place justice! The Vizcaya experience is must see for any tourist as well as EVERY resident of South Florida. It is definitely part of our architectural heritage to be proud of & to cherish! It is a European paradise within the American sub-tropical paradise that is Miami. Mr Deering was a very wealthy & successful harvester/farmer in the early 1900's. He was well traveled with a love of fine art & worldly beauty. What magnificent & culturally diverse taste he had! From the extensive & detailed architecture found everywhere on the property, to the relics, the paintings, the woven textiles & antiques, some dating as far back as the 18th century.....I could seriously spend an eternity at Vizcaya and it still wouldn't be long enough. Besides, who knows what wondrous spirits & former house guests of Deering parties past still linger in the shadows and haunt the grounds..... ***To my fellow locals: Request free passes at any Miami-Dade library with your library card. The passes are limited so be sure to get to the library early!
I wold throw this place on your must do list while visiting Miami. While here I just paid the small fee to enter and browsed around. I didn't do any kind of tour just walked myself through this majestic old mansion. You could spend a good 45 minutes just walking around the interior but the outside gardens are just so expansive, almost felt like I was Alice in Wonderland. Lastly this is a great place for a photo op. To prove that point I must've seen a dozen quinceanera's while I was there.
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure-dome decree... Vizcaya is basically the mansion Charles Foster Kane built for himself, but in real life.   Let me channel Stefon from SNL for a moment. Built in 1914 by a rich farm equipment manufacturer, this place has EVERYTHING... ... giant murals. ... 70 rooms. ... statues. ... its own telephone system to call room-to-room (from 100 years ago!!) ... a swimming grotto. ... midgets. ... an open-air courtyard (now covered) where the owner used to play Charlie Chaplin films. ... a crazy garden with several fountains. ... entire rooms that were bought in Italy and shipped over (including the ceilings) ... and a giant-ass boat carved out of stone sitting in the bay. Okay, I lied about the midgets. When this palace was being built, the owner had ten percent of Miami's population working on it.  TEN PERCENT. It's disturbingly opulent. The owner even dredged out a canal so boats from the ocean could float right up to his back door.  What a rich douchebag! I should note that when I visited in November of 2013, it was also more run down than I expected.  Most rooms are in good shape, but there are a couple with extensive water damage.  And the gardens looked pretty whack.  Multiple fountains were empty and most of the plants looked pretty sad. Still, it's definitely worth visiting.  And *definitely* pay the extra $5 for the audio tour.  Without it, you'll be looking at an old house without appreciating the *insane* amount of money and effort and detail went into this place. It has a stone f***ing boat sitting in the bay. WTF?!?
Gorgeous house and jaw-dropping grounds. I'm glad I made it to the Vizcaya during my Miami trip back in November because the sights definitely stuck with me.
This is probably the best hidden gem in Miami!  This awe inspiring locale is incredible not only in its architecture, landscaping and antiquities throughout, but it is a man-made paradise to gawk at.  Vizcaya is probably the most photographed location in South Florida.  This place is literally hidden and not easy to find, but once there, you'll spend hours gazing at the both man-made and natural beauty all over.  No matter how much you  study it in advance of your visit, it will not prepare you for the spectacular and exciting views, incredible natural fragrances and sensations it strikes you with.  If you don't visit here, you've really not enjoyed Miami!
Admission is $18. Free parking but small lot. We had to park across the street at the museum. There's a pedestrian nature trail which is really shaded by the trees. This was very helpful in the heat! The mansion is beautiful with a courtyard in the middle. The back of the house faces the Biscayne and even has a barge. The gardens are expansive and beautiful. We didn't even see all of the gardens because we got really tired. It took us 1.5 hours to tour the house and half of the gardens. The house is an interesting juxtaposition of different time periods and the original owner a bit of a mystery. I loved reading the tidbits and exploring the estate.
Absolutely beautiful place to visit.  I highly recommend doing the audio tour.  You get a lot of additional information about the groundwork, architecture, and small details/gems throughout the property that you may not have noticed otherwise. Lots of rich history is packed in this place, not to mention it's simply beautiful -- the artwork, mansion, garden, and waterfront view.  Highly recommend!
The mansion was beautiful and I was very much impressed with the architecture, the painting, stone sculptures inside and outside the mansion and the untouched and well preserved rooms. The view from the dock is breathtaking. I loved sitting on those staircase by the water and enjoying the sun. The food in the cafe was good and fairly priced. However, I felt the property wasn't well maintained, I saw weeds on the staircases and around the building. Some parts of the garden was a big dissapointment. None of the water fountains were working. From the website pictures, I had big expectation and I felt like I didn't get the same experience when I physically visited. It was ok to visit one time, not going back again.
The museum is boring. It's like walking through grandmas ancient crib. ...the garden on the other hand is refreshingly beautiful from that eyesore of a dungeon.
This place is absolutely beautiful.  I was bummed it was raining the day i went, which kinda created small flooding outside in the garden.  The garden was beautifully manicured, there was marble statues outside, tea pavilian, the "boat" on the water..... We couldn't take pictures inside the mansion, but each bedroom was decorated differently, and there was a spacious courtyard in the middle.   $18 per adult.
I saw the reviews before going to Vizcaya and I did not leave disappointed. The most stunning is the grounds and garden work.  The views on the Ocean are spectacular and you can really imagine the luxurious living that was taking place.  When entering it was like entering a magic garden, people were happy, taking pictures and there were even photo shoots going on! Inside the house is OPEN concept and worth the tour as well!  When at Vizcaya you are in a Mediterranean renaissance and do not want to leave, you enjoy the serenity and beauty it has to offer!
HORRIBLY kept gardens. 80% of the fountains were not operating and there was stagnant green water that smelled worse than anything you can imagine. There were several moats that had a foot of standing water that was full of bugs, spider webs, leaves and algae. The gardens had almost no signs describing what the use was for, what may have went on... Nothing. And the one that actually did say something was the orchid garden which had NO orchids in it. There wasn't much special about the inside either. They have a huge pipe organ which sat mute, and no sign giving any information about it. There was supposedly a player piano that was for the second floor room but again no information on it. Most areas are closed off so it was very uninteresting. All in all, not a very historic visit. Sure it's an expansive place but it's just not kept up anywhere near the way it should be.
I was very disappointed in Vizcaya, but not totally, I expected so much more from this place. Where should I start  this narrative, how about with  the positives. Nice mansion with some interesting architectural style's. Many of the room's are stuck in time, they seem almost untouched since the last residents inhabited the mansion. The landscape architecture  ( the stone and coral structure's) are impeccable, the layout enables you to have a nice picturesque walk. There are also  a  few nice water fountains and spouts, with a few large creatively designed gazebo like structure's.       There are many Grecian Romanesque type sculptures to be appreciated here. The sculptures are predominately bust's and  naked bodies with  a leaf covering the private part. Now the bad. They do not allow pictures to be taken inside of the mansion, which is kind of silly.Most of the people were taking video and pictures anyway, as there are no curators monitoring the rooms and hallways. Some areas of the Mansion seem to be in a state of disrepair. They claim they have these luscious gardens, what? where? What I saw was mainly one species of  hedge vegetation with the odd plant here or there. I mean what I saw was  vague repetitive  lackluster landscape design, almost a total waste. I noticed some sections of the garden were just recently planted with a  mimicking design of other parts of the garden, what a Joke. One would assume the gardens to have been planted decades ago. Some of the most attractive  waterways and fountains were not even working, there was no water in many of the waterways. Other stationary pools looked like they had not be cleaned since Jimmy Carter was president. There was this one really attractive romantic area behind this above ground level gazebo overlooking a creek and the water smelled like sewage. There was a couple of other spots in the very back of the mansion along the ocean front that had  a bunch of gobbly gook in the water and it also smelled really bad. Basically this place is a big let down, from its general void in maintenance to the so-called gardens. I did not smell one aromatic flower at any time or point walking in and around  their "gardens".Outside of the small orchids near the picnic area there are hardly any exotic flowers. I have personally visited the impeccably kept  Rose Hall "specter" Mansion in Jamaica. While walking the magnificent gardens of the Alcazar and Alhambra in Andalusia Spain, I  was intoxicated by the exotic aromatic flowers beautifully lined along the  cobble stone walkways. While seeking the ancient grandeur of China, my eyes graced the beautiful spirit infused Fengshui designed Confucius Temple Gardens in Shanghai.   Vizcaya??? It  cannot compare, not even close, not in any remote way or form. Although Vizcaya cannot be classed with the aforementioned places, it has potential but the management just crap its potential down the el drain'o. If anyone asked me if they should go visit this place, I would say no, even though the entrance fee is only 15$. Not unless there was a radical change in management of this facility. On a last note you should leave these kind of places with your mind and spirit  floating on clouds, not remembering sewage smell or bemoaning this or that was not on or working, or man they could have did this or that to the so-called garden.
Vizcaya takes my breath away! Recently I took my parents and fiancé on what was my second visit to the estate and it was no less awe-inspriring than the first. The main house is grand but tastefully done without ostentatious scale. The home has about ten bedrooms, some of which are perched in towers above the second floor. The spiral staircase on the south end winds its way from the ground floor up to the highest point in the home. Careful when you look down! By far the most memorable area is the vast terrace in the center of the home. Open to the second floor and then enclosed in glass as the ceiling, you feel as if you are inside a greenhouse as you peer out the windows and at the plants. I appreciate the different styles of architecture and decor used in the home's design, which reflect various eras and cultures. Each bedroom is named after a historical character, many of whom are women, and each is designed in homage to its namesake. The gardens and waterfront landscapes are amazing. Make sure you explore the eastern edge of the garden and find the labyrinth and secret garden. Wander the (currently under construction but open) Tiffany & Co. sculpture gallery. Vizcaya is a great value at $10 for Miami-Dade County residents, parking is free, it's easy to find, and there is a small shop selling snacks and drinks. You can wander almost the entire property, and they are working on restoring the basement level, which includes a pool area and will be open to the public upon completion. The one small oddity I do not care for is the manner in which the male nude sculptures have had their private areas covered up with mismatched, awkward looking additions to the original art work. I view it as damaging to the original scupture; it is tacky and unnecessary. But what's done is now done and I shan't deny this five star place its glory for the small mistake. Bottom Line: A unique, historic treasure that everyone will enjoy.
Absoutely awesome!  This house is ridiculous.  I still wonder why one man would want to live in a house this big and own all that land.  The hosue itself is really nice and spacious.  I paid for a private tour and the tour guide for the house was excellent.  He showed us all of the rooms downstairs (didn't have time to go upstairs) and he told us a lot about Deering and his likes and dislikes.  The garden tour guide was not as good and she basically read the information from a tablet.  The gardens are really pretty and the landscapers do an excellent job at keeping the property looking great.  I probably will go back and take a look at what is upstairs as well as maybe have something to eat in the cafe.  Definitely worth checking out.
Walking into this beautiful historic landmark was stunning. This is a hidden gorgeous gem in Miami. You instantly feel like you are somewhere else. Want to escape the hustle and bustle on a relaxing day, come here. Refreshing, beautiful gardens, sculptures and statues,  breathtaking views of the bay. So much to see. I agree this is such a romantic place. As you stroll through the gardens and fountains you find yourself at peace and harmony. I would enjoy coming here with a book while sitting on a bench as it is such a relaxing atmosphere. To visit with out of town guest or with your significant other, a great time will be had. Reminiscing about your love while sitting or strolling through the oh so many acres of pure lushness beauty. To see at night was so memorable. I am looking so forward to visiting again and again during the day, maybe even catch a tour. Price is no object for such beauty and elegance. This to me is a little piece of heaven and serenity. Can not wait to visit real soon as I think this might be one of my favorite places to visit in Miami.
I can count the number of wondrous landmarks, monuments, and pinnacles of human achievement that don't involve exploitation, slavery or a really rich douchebag on one hand. People who have access to the world's wonders and riches sometimes die and let us get a peek into their sordid, aristocratic lives.  I, for one, have a grand ol' time imagining the depravity and debauchery of said filthy rich people and their horned minions. My hedonistic voyage was mildly marred by the abundance of Quinceañeras on the premises, but otherwise, I had a rewarding and intriguing experience. Said intrigue was intermittently destroyed by the wafting stench of methane and sewage that rose from the bowels of the bay. They definitely need to address the foul odor. It's downright ghastly.
Vizcaya is one of the few examples of what can be accomplished when you give interior decorators and architects unlimited money. So, if you want to know, you have to go, and you will be in for a treat. The setting on the water, over looking the bay couldn't be more perfect. The structure itself is awesome, and though Deering must have paid for it all, it was a robbery of some of the finest treasures of Europe. The sad part is that when it was first completed the grounds were much larger, there were canals with gondolas, but those are gone and can only now be imagined. In all, Vizcaya is treasure of South Florida both historically and also the way it stands today.
Beautiful Miami landmark, worth checking out.  If you go, try to pick a day when it's not so hot; as you'll be doing a lot of walking and you'll want to explore the estate's gardens. If you take the tour, try to get the older southern looking gentleman-dudeman.  He's the best guide there. Vizcaya hosts a lot of big soiree's, so if you ever get a chance to go; I suggest you check out a groovy shin-dig there. Rumor has it the owner was gay, and I'm inclined to believe it.  Originally he just wanted a simple estate with a big porch overlooking the water.  Then he met the person who would eventually design the place.  So here's what probably happened.  Deering(the owner) meets this "fab designer" and once the designer realizes how much money Deering has, he goes way overboard in creating this over the top place.   "Oh honey, we need to go to Italy and buy this, and then you'll take me to Paris and we'll be these classic period what-not's.  And THENNN.... we'll buy Mozart's baby piano thingy, etc.etc." You get the picture.   I think this story makes sense, because Deering never married and he had a lifelong 'friendship' with the designer who talked him into creating this opulent masterpiece with his money when all he wanted was a quiet warm home to go to in the winter time to escape the cold northern winter climate. You go and draw your own conclusions.  I just think it's funny that the Vizcaya people avoid the obvious likelihood.  I mean come on, we're in the new millennium.   If the guy was gay, that's what he was.  Get over it.  Don't try to sweep it under the rug like an out of touch, ashamed grandparent.
Sight seeing only. I think Filoli in Half Moon Bay is better.
Definitely a fun place to spend an afternoon with a date. It is a relaxing and cool place. We walked in and the mansion is huge and the decor exudes class. There are restricted, roped off areas, but if your a sneaky ninja like my date and I you will be able to get a picture in those areas without them noticing. Outside there is gardens, a shipwreck, and a gazebo for memory making moments. Snap! Its a magical manor on the water and when with someone, there is not much more one can ask for. *tip* eat before coming here, the cafe is severely limited and mediocre at best.
Beautiful gardens! It has some small gardens on the side and an upper level toward the end. It's designed very magnificent. On the ocean side, there was a stone ship built in the ocean, which was really impressive and unique. We watched the sunset there, with the ancient sculptures, it was amazing. The house itself was ok for me. But thinking of the ocean view in the bath and garden view in the breakfast room, it was really nice to live there. We went there one hour before the closing time, i would say, spend more time in the garden, walking around and enjoy it.
This place is awesome! We went to Hemingway House in Key West. I definitely recommend this place over the Hemingway
This is the first of my adventures with my "Little Sister" (big brothers/big sisters) and it was a pretty good time!  Thankfully we had free tickets, otherwise I'm not too sure the $20-$30 admission is worth it for two people.  We brought a picnic and ate in the cafe gardens and did a self tour of the mansion and gardens.  If I were going again, I'd probably do the guided tour because I didn't learn too much about the history or the design.  The staff we encountered were helpful and the property was really well kept.   I love escaping to little gems that make me feel I'm not in Miami anymore, (Toto) but again, the price is what would stop me from returning often. They were setting up for a wedding and there were SEVERAL quince pictures being taken.  I can see this being an ideal spot for both.
am a Miamian and I remember going to Vizcaya in grammar school and thinking, "Oh my God, people lived like this?" James Deering sure did! This is the BEST - a MUST see attraction in Miami. You definitely can spend the day in the Renaissance era and the entire home is original (except the class over the atrium). They included the glass over the atrium to install the air conditioning system. Other than that, each piece of furniture is mostly imported from Venetian palaces. The home's entrance is easy to miss and you should have navigation or something like that! Once you are in, visit the spectacular home and the amazingly gorgeous lush gardens. It is incredible to believe that the gardens seen now are just a fraction of yesteryear! The gardens were sold (in part) to the area that Mercy Hospital is on! Amazing place! DO NOT MISS OUT!
Must-see tourist destination.  This was on several "best of" / "things to do in Miami" lists so I had to check it out for myself.  Since I stayed with a friend in Brickell and saw that this was only about 1 mi away, I decided to walk.  It was pretty much a straight shot down S Miami Ave with beautiful expensive houses to admire, but the site is also a short walk from the Vizcaya Metrorail.   The place itself is gorgeous.  There's a $20 minimum for credit cards so in addition to the $15 admission fee, I paid $5 for the audio tour.  It was late morning and I started with the gardens because it was so pretty and there was lots of shade.  From the audio tour, I learned about the European influence in the garden design, the statues, the native plants used that could withstand the Florida heat, and the special area for orchids so they can bloom in cooler areas.  I spent about 1.5 hrs wandering about the grounds and taking lots of photos.   By then, I finished on the (?) northern side of the mansion and I was hungry so I went to the cafe on the grounds for lunch.  You can't access the cafe without the admission fee.  I placed my order for a tempura shrimp po boy and wandered about the shop while my food was prepared.  I just managed to beat the lunch rush because when my food was ready, there was a line about 10 deep.  There's a/c indoor seating, shaded patio seating, and a few tables by the shaded/outdoor pool.  I sat by the pool and enjoyed my shrimp tempura on a delicious bread.  I got the side salad since I figured that was better for my health than French fries, but was disappointed when I found multiple wilty leaves.   At this point, I figure it's the hottest part of the day so I went indoors to the mansion where there is a/c galore.  You're not supposed to take any photographs inside so I was respectful of the rule despite seeing others pull out cameras and camera phones especially in the courtyard.  The museum is another place built by one of the superrich who collected expensive things and whose home has now been turned into a museum, not unlike the Isabella Stewart Gardner in Boston or the McNay in San Antonio.  However, this site is owned and operated by the county.  The wealthy man, James Deering, admired Italian/European things and he and his interior designer collected items and designed the home around said items.  They offer free indoor tours throughout the day, but I already had the audio tour so I didn't attend.   I could see how this place would be popular for weddings and photographers.  One of the audio tour  segments outdoors mentioned quinceanera photo shoots.  I guess people were getting ready in the morning because I didn't see anything until half-way through my museum tour.  By mid-afternoon when I left, I'd counted at least 5!
Truly an amazing property. My company rented Vizcaya for a dinner party. We arrived about an hour before dark which allowed us to walk the gardens and take in this absolutely gorgeous property. We only had access to the atrium and the side room leading out to the gardens and it left me wanting more. I did peak into the music room and also the front room. Very beautiful. Our dinner was in the back of the house overlooking the bay - stunning. I would love the opportunity to visit this property in the daytime and explore it from top to bottom.
Cue the music...http://youtu.be/HWqKPWO5T4o Adjust the rabbit ears..it's time for MTV Cribs 1910 edition Vizcaya has been the host of a couple of political summits, Miami movie gangster's mansion, and my favorite museum when I want to have a fun history lesson. From when I first went after reading Romeo and Juliet in 9th grade English, to various evening shindigs and yes, a date or two I am guaranteed to learn something about the estate that first put Miami on the map as a bling bling city. For example, I have learned that Vizcaya was the first house to have a central intercom system and commercial style kitchen. The various gardens are great to walk around in, take some pictures , make out (oops did I say that :) In other words, a fun couple of hours during the day!
There are 2 parts to this attraction. The outside gardens and the mansion. We visited on a perfect day and came early to enjoy the gardens. They also have a cafe here or you can bring a small lunch to picnic at the pier. Try to come early to avoid the crowds and take in the peace and quiet of the gardens. The mansion is air conditioned and beautiful. I wished they allowed photography becuase some of the stuff they have inside is amazing. Would have loved to take a few pictures of the place. We spent about 2 hours in the gardens and maybe 1.5 hours inside the house. Don;t miss the Orchid Garden near the cafe.
I am ashamed of myself for saying this...but...I have lived in Miami for almost 15 yrs and had never visited Vizcaya until today!. I know..I know...where have I been right?? Well, that's the same thing I thought after visiting this beautiful mansion. My parents were sooo delighted with our litle outing. My dad was taking it all in..I could see it in his face. He is very much into history and admiring art, so he was having an amazing time. The views are breathtaking, and walking through the gardens feels like you are going back in time. We had an awesome time, worth repeating. Definetely a Must if u are a tourist...or just a Floridian that has been missing out on a lot!
The Viscaya museum was a tiny part of my personal adventure for the day since my friend had to be at a conference. Being a tripadvisor junkie I was finding my spot for the day and the users all voted the Vizcaya gardens to be the #1 attraction in Miami so i  knew I had to check it out. I was sure in for a treat. It was accessible by the metrorail for tourists like me ( approx 10 minute walk) and i just loved sitting by the garden with my ipod taking in all the sunshine and the fresh air. This place actually reminded me of the ancient agora I visited in Athens. It truly felt like Europe. The house is like a treasure hunt as each and every room was decorated in a different theme. At times 'i felt like I was in a haunted house. I really couldn't imagine  someone actually living here as is looks to extravagant to be true. Overall:  Nice Escape from the Miami beach scene Note: Bring your student id and you can get in for 5 dollars ( adults admission: 10 dollars)
This is the Cloisters (NYC) of Miami. Instead of medieval, you have Italian renaissance. Instead of medieval art, you have rooms left alone for what they were, embellished in gilded, yet admittedly faded, Italian style. It could use some renovations and restorations here and there, but other than that, this is definitely a jewel in the Miami cultural landscape. While the tour and mansion itself is not deaf friendly (no transcript, no written information about each room in each room (or on paper), and sign language interpreters were not present when I went), the tour is probably the best way to view the mansion. Luckily the tour runs pretty often, in English and in Spanish. But because I didn't get much out of the tour, I enjoyed the garden immensely. It is definitely beautiful. If you've been to Europe, and visited a fancy and ancient estate in Italy, you probably won't be impressed. But for those who have never been, it is something worth seeing. When coming, take the metrorail to the Vizcaya station. There's a pedestrian entrance into Vizcaya that is also a nature trail - and it is in my opinion much more scenic than the drive by car. However, if you have a family... then I do understand - take a car! There's also a cafe here. I got a burger and hot dog - both of which were really good - but they were also priced for the tourists (aka high). $2 for a tiny cup of Tropicana orange juice, etc. The food is worthy though, if you ignore the price (which should still be less than $10 for a meal).
What's not to love about this Florida treasure? Okay, I guess they could improve their admissions process- it takes WAY too long when only one person is in the tiny booth selling tickets and you're melting in the hot sun. Otherwise, it's a beautiful place to spend a couple hours on a sunny afternoon. I do wish they would do something about all the quincenera photo taking that goes on though. It's annoying when there's like 5 different families walking around taking pictures and you can't go check an area out because they're claiming it for the next 10 minutes. Just saying....
Wow. The garden is so peaceful and amazing to look at, it's a place where you simply chill out. I guess that's part of the reason why most of the student tours looked bored....no crazy adventures here. The gardens didn't have a ton of flower displays but instead statues along the landscape. Inside the mansion is really interesting. You can learn where all the furniture and antiques came from. Normally that sort of thing would put me to sleep but I roamed around and made a day out of it. It started to rain and so creeping around here on a stormy day was even better since it has a gloomy feeling. I tried to take the tour but only stayed for 10 mins before I escaped...it was better for a more mature type I guess. The tour is free. At the cafe I camped out with a book and had a chicken salad on naan bread, $12. The food at the cafe is fresh and tasty. They also have wine flights available, which are on the side of the menu...I wouldn't know that unless I sat there with my lunch. Overall, this place was cool enough to come back just because its a nice getaway from work or stress. I came here to kill time before my flight back home...it was perfect. Side note: $10 for student and no photos allowed inside. Also, if you don't rush through the place, you can enjoy it more so try to go where the student tour groups aren't at.
I visited Villa Vizcaya a few years ago and have been dying to go back. This waterfront 20th-century architectural treasure is a must-see when visiting Miami and proves that the "Gateway to the Americas" is not just a city to take off from for a cruise or to party all night long in (which are two activities that many partake in, don't get me wrong). If you want to know the history of the mansion, check out the official website or Wikipedia. I am just here to say that for visual stimulation, you need to visit Vizcaya Museum and Gardens. The architectural/landscape architectural inspiration draws from the Mediterranean tradition and is a great way to excite your own creative energies and arouse wonderment as you experience another one of mankind's beautiful work (we do a lot of messed-up things as a species and the exquisiteness that we create reminds me that we're not scumbags ALL the time). People come to Vizcaya for photo shoots--ranging from for vanity to special occasions--and once you make your way through this place, you will understand why. Just be careful about getting wedding pictures taken here, you will probably be competing with other couples and packs of admirers. Go anyway.
Gorgeous house and jaw-dropping grounds. I'm glad I made it to the Vizcaya during my Miami trip back in November because the sights definitely stuck with me.
This is the most beautiful and history filled home I have ever seen. It is the Hearst Castle of the East Coast. This mansion has art, sculptures, and tapestries from various locations in Europe. This home is very well preserved. The tour through the home is very informative, the grounds are beautiful. Definitely a place to have a garden wedding or quinceanera at. No photos are allowed inside the mansion, but you can take pictures outside. There is a fee, but if you are a student or military- you received a discount. There is a small coffee shop/gift shop, but it is over priced. I wouldn't waste my time in there. Expect to spend about 2 hours in the mansion and on the grounds. Note: For non Spanish speakers, employees speak English.
I'll start off by saying that I absolutely love this place! My fiancée and I were down in Miami for a wedding and we had very limited time to see any local attractions, so I'm very glad we spent our time here. The grounds are beautiful and the building is a wonderful mixture of cultures and time periods. There is so much to see and I can see anyone with an art degree having a field day discovering the amalgam of styles in the artwork and architecture that was was brought to Vizcaya in the early part of the 20th century. The gardens outside are also very nice and are very peaceful. It's a really wonderful place to stroll and take beautiful pictures. We also ate in the cafe and while the food was very good, the service was particularly slow. That wouldn't stop me from eating there again, but it's something to think about if you're under a time constraint. Overall, it's a great place to visit and I would definitely recommend it if you're in Miami (and especially if you have limited time and can only see a few things!)
Absolutely beautiful place to visit.  I highly recommend doing the audio tour.  You get a lot of additional information about the groundwork, architecture, and small details/gems throughout the property that you may not have noticed otherwise. Lots of rich history is packed in this place, not to mention it's simply beautiful -- the artwork, mansion, garden, and waterfront view.  Highly recommend!
Vizcaya Museum and Gardens is a beautiful surprise located in Miami, Florida. Modern 20th century American meets European arts and cultures in this home and estate modeled after the aristocratic estates of old European families. The Italian Renaissance-style villa and gardens were in a word remarkable and incredibly very interesting and well decorated. The European art and antique furniture throughout the villa includes some amazing works and the architecture of the home itself is grandiose and inspiring. Visiting Vizcaya you do have to wonder about the pretentiousness of James Deering who built the estate in the early 20th century, but I guess when you're rich you can do whatever you like and don't have to answer to anyone. For any visitor Vizcaya offers a lot to see and explore, so make sure to plan ahead and schedule a few hours for your visit. You won't be disappointed and you're sure to have a good time. The admission cost was a little expensive, in my opinion, given the lack of amenities and a rather boring docent tour that was included, but the price is what it is.
Vizcaya is a very interesting place. I really enjoyed visiting the house and gardens but the feeling it gave me was not one of amazement because of its beauty but more of twilight zone. This is a very strange place, I am very skeptical as to the decoration of the house. I felt pull into many different eras and countries in only a one hour visit. You feel like a child discovering a secret place and wonder who was that person which such a strange taste. The gardens are very pretty and as strange as the house. You wouldn't expect this kind of structures in Miami so it's a nice feeling. I really enjoyed the Bay view and the "wrecked" rock boat. The hidden elevator is nice too, as well as the pool. I recommend for the weirdness of the place.
This review is for the gardens only - the house was closed when I went. Walking into the gardens of Vizcaya is like walking back in time. I couldn't imagine how incredible this would have been to see in its heyday. I do know I was almost speechless through most of my visit. Definitely a must see!
Wow!  What can I say?  The staff are all very pleasant, especially in the gift shop and cafe; as well as, the security guards who never miss a beat with a warm smile! I first visited Viscaya Gardens six (6) months ago, early May 2013, and again on October 18, 2013 with my 25yr. young son who was visiting from NY, who couldn't stop saying how amazing the place was!  And I agree!!!  It was/is a very breathtaking environment!  As a visitor I was taken aback by the scenery, gardens and landscapes; and I can't forget to mention The Main House!!! The architecture and the Rococo, 18th century style period rooms are wonderful!  As a designer I was intrigued by its history, which was described in the museum's booklet [that can be purchased for $3) a MUST purchase, and READ!   What was an added treat (both times I visited the gardens), seeing photographers and their entourage taking pictures of teens/young ladies around the garden, who were wearing elaborate, brightly colored gowns or party dresses; their hair & make-up no doubt, professionally applied... as their family watched their young daughters, nieces, sisters etc., coming of age in what they hoped to be memorial pictures!   As you can see I not only love this place, but appreciate it!
Lovely place. The museum is great. If you're able to join a tour they're quite informative and depending on the group can be a lot of fun. The grounds and surrounding gardens are stunning. Perfect place to explore or take photos. I've been there several times and it's the best place to take out of town visitors, always a hit ;)
Moonlight Garden Tour days are the way to go!! I have been here both day and night and at night it is just magical, romantic and just gorgeous. the cool breeze flowing through your hair, the stars shining brightly above you, the gardens dimly lit to just the right amount of light. get lost and stroll with a loved one and imagine what it was like to live in such a place about 100 yrs ago. lots of photogs doin their thing during the night, prob bc its rare to be able to shoot at night so prepare to dodge some cameras to not ruin someones shot. def prefer the gardens at night, the house isn't open at night but the gardens are the best part(for me) anyway. $10 for students and/or dade county  residents.
This is one of those take your breath away experiences. When I turned the corner to get a view of the gardens, ocean, and stained glass window, I was surprised how over-the-top this place is. It's a mansion built in the early 1900's with heavy european influence, but with a Floridian spin. It was the best $15 that I've spent in a while. The gardens have a rustic feel; some parts need a little touching up, but in general they are amazing. Every corner you turn there is something completely different - from a maze to a Florance-style canal. That's all I can say (don't want to ruin it). The view of Biscayne Bay is pretty sick.... very cool with the bridges and sculptures in the water. The house itself doesn't disappoint; amazing all around. Each room could independently furnish a regular house from top to bottom. The art collection is stunning. Be sure to read the blurbs in each room, they aren't unnecessarily wordy and provide a lot of context. My favorites - the library, sitting room, and music room. Wish the bowling alley was still around and the basement was open :(
