So this club is stationed on the 50th floor of the Viceroy hotel, which is also a part of The Icon in brickell. I used to deliver Chinese food to these hotels, so I already knew they were top notch fancy. It's only reasonable that I expected nothing less from their club 50! First things first, the second I entered this lounge, I headed straight for the bathroom haha. Pleased to say that it was clean, smelled nice, the attendant was kind and the stalls were roomy! They have a large handicap stall that had an AMAZINGLY GORGEOUS view of brickell! you can see the ocean + plenty of buildings and ladies... If you use 50's restroom then you MUST go into the big stall to at least check out the view! No lie... It really amps up your restroom experience at a club haha! There's 2 sections of 50. The inside, which has a few tables, a dance floor, bar, a DJ that plays hip hop + today's top hits, and. A WALL that is solely a mirror. It's pretty cool to watch yourself dance or take a few selfies with your fellow dance partner(s) ;) haha. Also, they use nice cups for the drinks. Not the flimsy plastic kinds that you throw away, but a thick plastic (can't tell if it's glass or not) cup that makes you want to waltz out of 50 with it lol The second section is the outside area, aka the roof, aka the HAUS MUSIQ area! For all my electronic dance music lovers, the roof has a large pool (that's nice to look at, don't think it's for play at night haha), a little 1 1/2 foot tall stage where a fire/LED hoola hoop performer dances on, and once their acts are over, the people are allowed to get up on the stage to dance. There's a few couches around for others to sit and chill. And a bar, of course! So 50 gives off this atmosphere that's like a... Chillin club. People are dancing and there's plenty of space to dance, but you don't feel like it's required. There's a good mixture of people standing around or sitting down to mingle + people dancing. I also like how there's two rooms with different genres of music!
50 Stories Up!.....Hurry & Please Take Me Down!!! My first and only time to Club 50 was memorable but not in a good way.  I took a small group on a Friday Nite for a fashion show benefitting Breast Cancer Awareness.  I applaud them for charity work which earned Club Fifty its 2 stars.  Cover is 20 bucks and valet is 10+ bucks.  So I'm 30+ in the hole before I go up 50 floors.  But hey it's Miami.  I'm still excited as an elevator escort taps the magic 50 button.  Get out and love the view of the city from there.  But my love for the digs is short lived as I pay 10 dollars for a bud lite.  Is this domestic beer imported to Club 50 or ?  C'mon man!  To sum up: great views, so so crowd, and $10 special? beers.  Not my beer, nor my cup of tea. Club 50 I'm one n done!
I've been here twice for the nightlife at the rooftop lounge: once for a VIP event, which I enjoyed.  Service is not good but the views from the top are lovely. The interior design is beautiful and the rooftop pool is a nice touch. However, my second time was a nightmare.  There was literally a mob of people outside; there was no formal line. Apparently, this is how they normally handle entrance here. The bouncers were handpicking folks that could go in based on their own criteria.  Half of us were "picked" and the rest of our group wasn't.  You are then escorted into a waiting area ... then when an elevator arrives, they open one of the ropes and allow about 8 people to enter the elevator and ride them up to this club on the 50th floor. It's very disappointing that such a beautiful place lacks so much organization. Drinks are overpriced and the music is just ok.  No one dances, everyone is just kind of standing around looking pretty so it's a bit of a strange crowd so bring the party with you.
Come here for the spectacular views of the City of Miami and beyond.   The views from this place really are amazing, are a rare find, and even the restrooms have floor to ceiling windows so one can look down at the city while using those facilities. That being said, the views are about the only attractive thing about FIFTY Ultra Lounge IMO.   -The process they use to let people into this club makes little sense...They hold everyone in line outside on the ground floor of The Viceroy, every several minutes they allow a small group (maybe 7 or 10 at most) into the lobby to stand in a small stanchioned off area, then when an elevator arrives, they open one of the ropes and allow those 7 to 10 people to enter the elevator and ride them up to this club on the 50th floor.  They could allow many more than 10 people at a time to enter, which would get more people into this club faster, have fewer people stuck in line outside and they'd still be well under the occupancy rating of the elevators. -Drinks are way overpriced.  This isn't South Beach, and this club and the patrons are really nothing special - Certainly not special enough for them to command more than $10 for a domestic beer or $20 for a simple mixed drink that comes in a small cup, mostly filled with ice. -If you arrive late enough, expect to pay an overpriced cover for what this place is, especially if you're a guy. -DJs really aren't the best, and for the $$ you pay for drinks and at times the cover, they really don't have very good sound and club lighting systems.  When I was here last month, they had a few cheap lights hanging above the dance floor which were just a few notches above the lights one could purchase at Radio Shack or Spencer Gifts, and they didn't even have a permanently installed sound system.  Rather, they had a cheap brand of self-amplified speakers propped up on temporary stands. -Depending on the night, the place is overrun with rampant douche baggery.   In summary, come here for an impressive look at the city that can be difficult to find elsewhere, insanely overpriced drinks, an overpriced cover charge and a sometimes frustratingly slow moving line to get in, only to find a place with crappy DJ equipment and average music and which can be overrun with douche bags.   Good Times!
Came here last Friday with a few friends in a Limo for a night out on the town. It's a pretty cool place. More of a lounge than a bar however there is dancing once the clock strikes midnight and gets crowded. The night I went, they even had a fashion show going on while we were there. The pool area was nice and breezy (50 floor) and we had no problems getting in and up. The drinks are super expensive (reason for 3 stars) but you pay for what you get and the views are killer. I would go back again.
This place is great. Great music, great views, beautiful decor, great service... only thing is that the line to get in was disorganized, the bouncers et all... weren't doing a whole lot to direct you or anything, so that was a little confusing. The drinks, although half off on the particular night were expensive regardless. I'll make sure I have my drinks before going to this club again. Lol.
I hate to say it but this club is a waste of a beautiful space. It is gorgeous inside and outside but once evening turns into night the ambiance is like what you mind find on MTV's reality show "the Jersey Shore". The crowd is very young and there is a ratio of about 20 girls to a guy. That might be nice if you're a guy looking to check out some girls but for some reason there is no sophistication regardless of the beautiful pool and surrounding architecture. I believe it has something to do with the way it's marketed and promoted. The parking is a pricey valet or find street parking in Brickel and the drinks are expensive too. I wouldn't mind if it meant enjoying a classy and chic environment but it just gets crowded and gross.The three stars are basically for the view and the pool.
Want to have an excuse to dress up and put on your dancing shoes? Then def check Fifty on Friday Night. First of all, you cannot beat the view...if you have a friend from out of town, you will def get star points if you take him/her here. Just the location alone make up for a great night. Now, be ready to dish out some cash at the bar, drinks are not cheap. A regular vodka tonic is about $18 plus tax and gratuity. There are two dance floors, the one inside plays mostly hip hop and the outside terrace is more house/dance music. I like the outside terrace much better just because you can seat in front of the pool and enjoy our nice Miami weather. Have fun, dance, and remember why we are lucky to live in this city.
The Viceroy Club 50 ehh... First off, the view is amazing and the idea of this upscale nightclub really does remind you that Miami in one of the most beautiful cities in the world. As for the ambiance and prices... so mediocre and not worth it. Maybe I'm getting old but paying almost $20 for one drink kills me!!! Plus if your not cool enough to know a promoter or someone with a hookup the cover price was like $40! Young crowd and snotty atmosphere No thank you.
Place had a nice view?there is an inside and outside area where there is a pool. If you r using a promoter and stress getting their early.   But  the drinks are over priced!!
I'd actually like to take this time to extol the virtues of Club 15, as we affectionately called the restaurant 15th & Vine at the Viceroy, which is where we ended up after the South-Beach-reeking bouncer at Club Fifty unceremoniously and rudely turned us away from their door. The crime? One of my friends was wearing flats. (Never mind that other people had already entered the venue wearing all types of 180 degree angle footwear.) Now, having been to this venue several times before, I know for a fact that the place isn't exactly crawling with patrons at 11 p.m. on a rainy Brickell night (especially given that no one would be on their outdoor patio). Nevertheless, a mysterious dress code made itself apparent when it was our turn to enter. This bouncer fancied himself a nightlife Heimdall, basically saying "I can't help you. You won't find the manager to talk to." Even the other staff at Viceroy was surprised to hear about our conundrum. I guess that level of snobbish, exclusionary tomfoolery isn't par for the course at Viceroy. That was proven to us when soon after a waiter in 15th & Vine named Albert took very good care of us. He even went out of his way to talk to his own manager to see if something could be done for us about Club Fifty. Alas, the pearly Asgardian gates of Club Fifty were beyond the reach of mere mortals on this evening - and who knows many more. I certainly won't, as I'll be taking my friends and family elsewhere. But if the Viceroy is your destination for the night, go to Club 15 instead. Ask for Albert. Get a stiff drink. Enjoy the pool and view from the 15th floor. It's better in flats anyway.
Hmmm... 4 drinks for $75? I don't think so. That's even more than the inflated prices in Vegas, and this place is definitely not up to Vegas standards!! While the people we met here were totally down to earth and super friendly, I can't say that the prices and the staff were up to par.  One of the bouncers is a little on the power-trip side and the drinks are overpriced and underjuiced. However, the ladies at the front door were very accommodating, especially when we arrived right at the cutoff time for entry but had somehow lost our ID's on the walk over.  Luckily, they let us walk back to find them and still let us in afterwards.   The venue itself provides a nice outdoor/rooftop DJ, stage/dancefloor, pool and bar with table service and beds set up around the pool, and a bar and DJ opens up inside once it turns into a nightclub.  At night, the view is beautifully lit with city lights, and the balmy air is accompanied by a refreshing breeze while you dance the night away :) Since we came during Ultra weekend, it makes sense that all the music was EDM, electro, and dub. Speaking of dub, we got invited to the Green room in the back to meet the DJ performing that Saturday night and he was a super chill guy and his producer and crew from San Francisco/New Zealand!  Awesome experience. Anyway, like I said, people are fun but the venue itself is rather...OK.
I don't have much to say about this place. The only plus is the view. The drinks are over priced: red bull vodka was $19 and a bud light was $11. The Dj on Saturday wasn't that good compared to the variety Brickell offers. The crowd was mixed: very young and very old people. I wouldn't recommend this place beside its view.
Place had a nice view. nice look. There is an inside and outside area where there's a pool, careful not to fall in. They actually had a woman dressed as a mermaid inside the pool. I would say the age group is mostly late 20s - mid 40s. But mostly young people. Drinks are way over priced. $17/drink and $10/beer. ridiculous. I didn't have a good experience. Stuck up people are annoying in the club. I wouldn't come here. There are plenty of better places.
Been here many times. Fifty stories up lounge in Downtown Miami area. If your using a promoter i stress getting their early. Greg is the best promoter you can find him on Facebook. Its a penthouse that goes out to a pool area. Great dancing though if your drinking their it can get expensive. Open format inside, normally outside is house, ect.
FIFTY is your typical hotel lounge will patrons ages 30-40 years of age. Very expensive for the experience you get. Much better lounges for the same price available.
FIFTY or more like FIFTY Shades of Crap! Under new management and with overly pretentious bouncers, Fifty has completely lost its chic appeal. **If you want to have a good time, definitely avoid this place.**   No one has time to put up with rude service and a pompous attitude simply because they offer a great view of the city. If I'm paying for overly priced drinks you better believe I expect nothing short than excellent customer service. I'm a big spender and I don't mind splurging, but only if you make the experience worth my while, which FIFTY definitely does not. They have clearly forgotten they need patrons like you and me to guarantee the livelihood of their business. We on the other hand, have options and if not treated right, we'll definitely go somewhere else. Their loss. My advice, head to the Four Seasons or Conrad, just a few blocks down where you'll find spectacular bars and lounges with equally impressive views PLUS they will roll the red carpet and treat their customers right, just as it should be.
Fifty stories up, Fifty Ultra Lounge. Its the ultimate downtown gathering spot, reigning as Icon Brickell's most exclusive lookout point: a spectacular private pool & lounge atop the hotel tower. Full Bar, new wine and champagne list . Place used to be called Club fifty but it got a new sexy makeover that modified its entire persona. This club is Hot, its gorgeous because of the 360 views. The new Djs are spinning great music that will sure have you dancing all night long. This place is impressive and regardless of the music , you can still chat without screaming across or yelling in someones ear. The rooftop lounge plays host to an international who's who which creates  an ambiance that's chic and sexy and very enjoyable to be around . PS: the cocktails here are small, but do not be misguided by their size, they have a powerful punch that quickly creeps if you disregard.
1 star for decor, one for location and one "a for effort" for trying to be a fancy night club...in Brickell. Unfortunately the Brickell crowd...not hatting but very hard to see a good crowd in any night venue at the Brickell area. Acoustics and service also very weak.
Forty-nine and a half stories plus half a story up, this Lounge hit the exclusive mark right on the spot. You quickly feel on top of the world with the view around. Unfortunately, the perks stop there. I've been here twice, almost a year apart between the two visits and nothing truly has changed. Fortunately for my second visit, it was for a private function. I can't really imagine what it would be like on a public opening of the site. The pool is a clever idea, but in practice is a massive waste of space for a nighttime lounge. I've seen FIFTY even featured on an episode of Burn Notice (either season 5 or 6). Bar service is mediocre even on calm nights. Valet prices are at South Beach levels. Bottom Line: I would never pay for a visit here... and drinks? I fear to know the prices.
Attended the Yelp screening of HBO's girls, which included a few hors d'euvres and cupcakes, as well as a very nice white wine. The appetizers were just so so, while the cupcakes were delicious. Not sure whether they were made in house or ordered in? Anyhoo, it's a nice cozy spot to take a date to enjoy some magnificent night time views of downtown Miami.
Thanks to Johnny T and HBO for putting on a great party for us all. I had been checking this place out, and this was the perfect excuse to take a mid-week jaunt to Brickell. Parking was easy with a $15 validated valet, check! The venue is nice, but the layout is a bit strange overall. The inside room is nice and has great views, but the bar blocks the best views north which is puzzling. The outside space is cool with the pool (see pictures) and lots of room to sit and lounge. There are some great views, and it was enjoyable. The staff was quite rude during the event, even though I was tipping with a heavy hand (as I always do when discount or free goods are exchanged). I don't think I'd come back here on my own, but it was nice to visit once and check out the beautiful night and views!
If I didn't live in the Icon I would easily give this place a two star rating but since I don't have to wait in line or pay $20-25 cover and simply don't have to leave my building I give 50 a four star.  Music is always good and it is usually good crowd on Saturday nights.  Drink are what kills me being served in little plastic cups (black label on the rocks) $22.  If they could only serve in normal size glass cups I wouldn't have an issue but those little plastic cups are retarded.
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! great view from here!!! It was phenomenal!!!  This place will definitely get packed, so try getting there before 12am.  I'm not sure if they have free cover before 12am, thing is after 12am huge lines are outside and the entrance gets a bit more difficult to get in since there is already people inside.  Cool music, it's Ultra hence the name.  They have an inside/outside area.  Beware inside area will get humid and hot when there's a ton of people jumping and dancing around.  Outside might be your'e best bet!  Incredible Miami view!!!
Beautiful views from atop 50 floors of the viceroy building. Saturdays are the busiest nights. Fridays are usually dead unless there's an event. Cover is usually $20 for men and drinks are $20 each as well. Beers are $10 a pop. Inside plays a hip hop/rap mix whilst the outside with the pool plays house music. The lines get incredibly long on Saturdays so get here early.
Decided to spend NYE at Fifty with my girlfriend. Spend $220 for the two tickets, that included open bar. Nice rip off this was. They had two small bars for approximately 1000 people, and each bar with just 2 bartenders. It took at least 15-20 minutes to get a drink. They would not give you more than one drink a head, and in order to actually get service once you made it to the bar you had to throw at least a 20 dollar bill at the bartender to get his attention. No surprise we left the place at 12.05. Did I say this was a rip off??
**Disclaimer: Please believe me when I say that I hate writing bad reviews and never take the time to actively speak badly or slander a business.  I am a marketing and PR manager in Miami and for years I worked in the service industry.  Also, I have NEVER been in any physical altercation in my life. In my 3 years in Miami I have NEVER had such awful experiences.  "FIFTY" or previously "Club Fifty" has caused me to take time out of my busy schedule just to inform prospective patrons. My boyfriend and many friends live in the Icon buildings.  Because of the convenience we thought that Club 50 would be a great option for NYE 2012.  We bought over 30 tickets (at $85 each) for that night and at 10pm we went to enter Club 50.  There had to be at over 200 people standing outside the building trying to get up to their destination.  However, the promoters oversold the event and the bouncers did not let anyone in because they were at capacity.  Also, after contacting the club and promoter, many of us were not refunded our money. Furthermore, my friend who did get let into to the venue slipped on some water by the bar and slipped and broke his elbow.  He told me there was no manager to be found to deal with the issue so he left. I didn't go back to the venue until it changed names and management to FIFTY Ultra Lounge.  On Halloween we thought we would give FIFTY a shot in hopes that it would be different.  A group of about 12-15 went up and we had a great time.  It was not the ideal crowd (a bit rough around the edges) but when you are with your friends, it never matters. As we were leaving, our friend got sick and he ran to the bathroom and the bouncers ran to kick him out.  They proceeded to go into the stall and DRAG him out.  My two girlfriends (both tiny girls) went over to ask what was going on and the bouncers threw them to the ground. I got downstairs first and saw the bouncers dragging my friend out of the Viceroy and I  walked towards them to ask what happened.  The bouncers proceeded to push me with great force and knock me over too.  My boyfriend, seeing what had happened, went up to the bouncers and yell at them for pushing a 115lb girl.  5 bouncers then started to hold down and punch my boyfriend.  All of us had bruises all over our bodies the next day and my boyfriend also had cuts on his face. The "manager" was there and told the bouncers to remove us from the property and when we asked for his name he told us his name was "Magic Mike". Never in my life have I ever felt so violated, angered and humiliated.  We have spent thousands of dollars into total at this venue and how they treated us was disgusting. I know that this "Club" will not last as it is hard for any restaurant or club to succeed, so my comments are probably futile but i needed to say my peace and the honest truth.
It looks the exact same as before but they did upgrade the wine! I actually enjoyed the glass that I ordered. There is an inside with hip-hop music and outdoors with house music so a great variety (music wise). We come here from time to time...nothing special but nothing horrible. It does have a great view but not really much of a scene. There are better places in the area to grab a drink or dance.
This place has so much potential but doesn't live up to it. Is that a bad thing? Well, not necessarily. If it did and it'd have become another destination for the party crowd of Miami that I'm not a big fan of. They can stick with LIV/Mansion/Story etc. depending on their budget. This place has usually a better crowd and when its happening it is a pretty good time (sometimes it is empty with a couple of people on the dance floor and outside around the pool. Who wants to go to a place that is almost empty?) hit/miss but i'll take my chances again
I've been here about 3 or 4 times and I always have a great time. Long lines though, so get there early or know someone at the door. The music inside is a mix of top 40 and oldies with the outside patio being house music. The views are phenomenal and the crowd is a mix of 20s, 30s and 40s.
Johny Walker Party on the Rooftop, great view and even better party
WOW WHAT A MILLION $$$ VIEW. NORTH , SOUTH, EAST, AND WEST THE VIEWS ARE BREATH TAKING. The layout of the bar is just great, windows , window everywhere, and then there is the view of the pool area at night. Wow the layout of this place is fantastic, its on the 50th floor of the hotel. The place is a palace, this is a great spot for a party, enjoy the sights, sounds and wine
Being a local from Miami and Living in the Icon which is attached to the Viceroy its seem like such a win win situation. The View on the 50th floor and sites are amazing. The crowd not so much but its fun but $21 a drink, which tip is included, but if you don't add more good luck on getting your bartender's attention. Its such a rip off and it hurts to be quite honest. People put down their credit cards and just leave an open tab to only, I assume, to hate themselves the next day when they check the receipt in the morning. I'm honestly thinking of having a proposal done in the city that will allows us to carry a not-to-fuck-locals-in-ass Card (NTFLIA) which would give us normal sized prices and let the tourist pay the rest of the slack. The tourist pay it and because they do its all supply and demand, I get it!! Sucks paying so much especially  when you go to Fort Lauderdale or anywhere else but Miami order two drinks and take out $40 to pay the tab and the bartender says $11 dollars please and I nearly flip my shit and call out "open bar because the tab is on me".
