The best thing about this venue is the service. The food and the ambience you can duplicate anywhere in Miami, but service is a rare and beautiful thing in this city, especially on busy nights like Thursday. The waitstaff was kind, available and always on point. The food is good, but there's good food everywhere. I personally like bringing business to venues that treat their guests with respect and appreciation for choosing their spot instead of the thousands of other wine/food bars in Miami. The live music and chill ambience (with November weather) definitely make it hard to leave and say no to another glass of their excellent wines. I will definitely be back, and with other friends that haven't been there yet. Cheers, Sebas
Even the bathroom is artistic! I'd been meaning to check out Bunbury - I mean, you can't go wrong with a place that has vino and Argentinian beef, can you? - and finally had the chance this past Friday night. Located in an old service station, the place itself is hip Wynwood. Most of the dining tables are outside, between grass, the parking lot and the neighbor's graffitied wall. It's a few hanging lights short of being a traditional backyard party. The bathroom itself has clip art (done by one of the waitresses) of hilarious interpretations of wine tasting cliches. There's cool downtempo EDM to musically accompany your meal as well. I started with my glass of chardonnay, perfectly cool for a perpetual summer afternoon. The vino was complemented by my loaded-wth-prosciutto burratta salad. Fresh arugula and a sun dried tomato paste completed the seasonings. I also enjoyed their 3-slider plate, packed with perfectly juicy beef and cheese. They did take out the mushrooms as requested, but I would have added a touch of steak sauce or even chimichurri to slide the taste up a notch. I closed my meal out with a cortadito-loaded affogatto while taking in the post industrial Wynwood sights.
About to turn 30 and not really knowing what or where I wanted to celebrate, driving by this place on a daily basis and never really paying attention to it as the previous business was not really appealing, one day I decided to pay them a visit and ohhh my God, am so glad I did! We went there on a Thursday night and had some of the best empanadas we have ever had, and we have had quite a few since my husband is a proud Argentinean. We tried the shrimp balls and our daughter had the mini burgers which she named "the best she has ever had". I am so much into service and that is one thing Bunbury has! Paula (or Pau after a few glasses of the amazing Alvariño she recommended) is a amazing!!! While eating she came by our table a few times, one of those I told her I had decided that her place was where I wanted to celebrate 30 years of history!!! She gave me all sort of recommendations as what to order for food and drinks! And this past Saturday I had my party on this amazing-hipster-wine bar!!! She allowed me to have a 1920's themed party and even accommodated the DJ so she could play some music from the prohibition era!!! Every time one of my guests would walked in the comment was: I absolutely love this place, why didn't I come here before!?!? We all had a great time! The service, food and drinks were superb!! Paula went the extra mile to made me feel special and I can tell that every one of her customers is unique and special for her!!! I only wish this place the best and will be back again and again!!!! Thank you Pau!!!! BUNBURY ROCKS!!!!
After driving by this place all the time, and reading the reviews on it i decided to try it.. and let me say Wow. Awsome service, super cool atmosphere. I only wish i had known that the band is only on thursdays nights. Fridays and saturdays they have a dj.. which is great also. A must try are the empanadaa.. they were sooo delish and made to order, the cheese just melted in your mouth. We tried the Milanesa, which it was kind of dry, but it came with sweet potatoe fries which are home made.. sooo good. For dessert we ordered the Tiramisu, wich was amazing too.
A great hidden jewel of a restaurant. You feel as if you have be transported to a charming restaurant in the heart of buenos aires. Don't be fooled by the curbside look of the restaurant. Make sure to go inside and sit down. I usually order one of every empanadas. Each is delicious in its own way. Service is fantastic.
Let's start by saying, they have a parking lot. AMEN. Now that that's out of the way, I can go on with how funky and different the whole vibe of this resto is. It blends in nicely with the Wynwood neighborhood but sits on the outskirts a bit. I saw "six empanadas, a bottle of wine and one dessert" on Groupon and was immediately sold. Such an ideal dinner, am I right? We went on a Monday and the place was empty. Later on, a few more tables scattered in but I only hope it gets a little more crowded on the weekends. The server was super friendly and let us know they have six empanadas to choose from so we went with one of each to give it all a try. My favorites were the ratatouille with goat cheese and the prosciutto and brie. The wine that she suggested was a Malbec that was chilled, making it ideal for the muggy night outdoors. For dessert, we had a chocolate cake that was deeeeelicious. The menu is Argentinian meets wine bar. I saw some cheese plates that looked amazing and plan to come back for some of the heartier dishes. They have an ample outdoor space next to the parking lot and a makeshift stage set up for some live music. This is definitely a spot worth keeping an eye on!
What a great new addition to the area! Yesterday with some friends we decided to go to new places in our area and our last stop was Bunbury! What a great little place! In summary: Decor: it has an eclectic feel. Bits and pieces from all styles and types. However it works well, it has a comfy feel to it and it makes you feel just right. The place has though into it and I like that... Service: the girls that work there are super cool, extremely helpful and they know the place and the menu well. The recommendations we got were on point and all very well paired together. At the end we all felt like we had gone there many times before. That is how friendly and welcoming they all are in there Food: we only had some Empanadas. But let me tell you that we kept on asking for more and more of the same. They are Argentinian style baked empanadas and they were DELICIOUS! I saw them serve some delicious salads and samplers to the tables near us and everything looked amazing! Must come back to try the rest of the menu for sure! Liquor: They only do Beer and Wine. This time we  only did Beer. However, very impressed with the wine selection. We were highly recommended "Cerveza Victoria" from Mexico. It was just the perfect  compliment to out Brie, prosciutto and mushroom empanadas! Later I tried "Mahou" from Spain. Another great beer. They have a private parking lot and there is public parking available. Once you are ready to leave, the check will come inside an actual book! Cool touch... Its a great place to go with friends for a night out filled with great food, beer & wine, great music (amazing DJ, who happens to be a bad ass girl) and great ambiance.
What an incredible little place.  Super eclectic.  Amazing, small lot wines.  Surprisingly reasonable pricing- both food and wine.  Wine is retail price with a small corkage fee..  Owner, Paula, is very passionate.  Truly authentic empinadas- I went braised lamb and mozzarella.  Check it out.  We live in Fort Lauderdale but will be back very soon for another incredible experience.
I came to check this place out last night on a date with my best girlfriend. We love wine and tapas and seeing a new wine bar open up in the hood we couldn't resist. The inside is dark and cozy, but the fact that it's almost completely open to the outside keeps it from feeling cramped. The music was pretty eclectic (at one point I remarked that it sounded like the soundtrack to Y Tu Mama Tambien, and at another point Back to the Future) and a really good match for the vibe. We ordered a couple apps - the shrimp balls and the prosciutto/brie/mushroom empanada, as well as chocolate cake dessert whose name escapes me. Everything was delicious, but the star of the show was definitely the dessert. Make sure not to skip out on this one. We also ordered a nice bottle of Malbec for around $30. They have wine bottles in almost every category start at around this price. The wine was excellent - I want to say it was Essencia or something similar? Unfortunately, after we finished our bottle we had one more glass of wine each and it was not great. It was something the waitress recommended as similar but it definitely wasn't. Maybe next time I'll stop at the end of the bottle... The place has a great atmosphere and I would definitely come back for more food and drink, my one gripe is that it's maybe a little pricey for what/where it is. We were a little surprised when we ended up spending $70+ (before tip) for a few glasses of wine and what really only amounted to snacks. Also - love that the name is an Oscar Wilde reference!
So happy we stumbled upon this place tonight via Yelp.  This place completely fits the Wynwood vibe, and the atmosphere makes you instantly relax.  The indoor / outdoor combined space with innovative decor is a welcome addition to the scene within the area. Now for the food and drinks.  This is a great happy hour spot with $5-$8 until 8 PM.  You avoid and the hustle and bustle of most other happy hour locations.  I can't stand mojitos made with wine usually, but I had a sip of my friend's-- it was fantastic and not as sweet as most.  We had a glass of Pinot Grigio as well, which was great for a house wine.  As recommended, we tried the four cheese and smoked bacon empanada.  Once you cut in, the cheese melts outward and has a fresh, smoked flavor.  We tried the prosiutto, mushroom, and Brie empanada-- also exquisite.  The flavors mingle so well together.  The final thing we tried was the shrimp balls-- you would think they were heavy and fried, but they were extremely light and reminded us of crabcakes. Excellent decor, music, and food.  We will certainly be back again soon.
I drive by this location all the time.  It's a cute old service station( I mean like a 40 year old service station), that has been remodeled and turned into a hip yet cozy wine bar./restaurant/hangout. If Fiorito, Lagniappe, and the fictional Bagdad Cafe had a lovechild; Bunbury is what you would get. If you just drive by, you won't notice much going on.  That's because you have to walk/drive around back where the parking and most of the outdoor seating is. They have a varied selection of quality wines(do you like Malbec?), some excellent tapas, solid entrées, and a friendly staff. I was there only once after work, but from what they tell me; they bring in live acts and dj's to perform in the back. Come for the food and drink, stay for the beats and al fresco seating.
Great place and beautiful location to hang out for the 'rest' of the evening and have a glass, or even better a bottle of one of the many good wines on offer. Paula, a top somellier and her beautiful staff are just so nice, I would ask for recomendations, of what to try with your wines. A fresh Gruener Veltliner from Austria or a Rhone Valley red with a goat cheese platter, a delicious meat empanada with one of the fantastic big reds from Argentina... Entrees are very good as well, on weekends there is also a DJ outside ir even live music concerts, so this is just a great place all around, I recommend to go try it out!
I love this place! My new go to chill spot for some good wine and bites. They have great empanadas-my favorite being the lamb and mozzarella ones. Delish! The sliders are also very yummy here. They have a cool laid back vibe and live music or DJ on weekends. Parking has been easy every time. Definitely worth checking out.
absolutely loved it here!!! wine selection is amazing, as is the sommelier/owner. she came to our table and went into detail about 7 of the bottles she hand-picked for us based on our taste preferences. service was wonderful, even on an insanely busy Thursday night. i guess they have live music on Thursdays & it does get pretty packed. tried all 6 empanadas & my favorites were the Bunbury (prosciutto, mushrooms, brie) & shredded chicken. the Burrata with Prosciutto & Arugula and the Bunbury Burger Bites (sliders) was also amazing! i will definitely order the burrata again next time. i would go here more for the wine and ambiance, but the food is also pretty good. overall, Bunbury is absolutely wonderful & i'm so glad its in Miami.
I decided to stop by as I moved 3 blocks away. Very surprised with the food and the place. Great old school-vintage-stylish place. Owner was making sure that everything was perfect and made great suggestions for food and wine. Definitely a must go place in the midtown-wynwood area for dinner and good wine. 5 stars for food, drinks and staff.
I loved everything about Bunbury! Beginning with the quaint decor even to the way they present the check, everything is so very detailed and well thought out. The decor however isn't what made me love Bunbury so much...the food and drinks were amazing. We started off with two types of empanadas - the four cheese with bacon and the brie empanadas. I can't tell you which one was my favorite because both were delicious. I love that they took a simple empanada and turned it into something gourmet. Following the empanadas we shared the Burger Bites. The Burger Bites were mouthwatering. They come with bleu cheese, cheddar, bacon and mushrooms. 3 mini burger bites and great for sharing. For drinks we had the Malbec sangria. I've been to a lot of places that serve sangria and a lot of times they mess up something so very simple. Bunbury got it just right! I can't wait to go back and try some other items!
Ok the service is a treat -charming engaged and so polite Fresh bread with flavor and light, veg empanadas spectacular, baked light and flavorful Now for the main special - baked lasagna like treat - a pastelle made of layers of eggplant and ricotta and veggies - wow Topped with desert and espresso This was a vegetarian delight off the beaten path. Visiting from NYC and will be back - love this place.
This place is a hidden gem! I found this place here on Yelp. I saw that it had great reviews so I decided to stop by and oh my, I made a great choice. This place is fantastic, great place to go to for a date or to hang out with a friend. Great wine and great food. I love the artistic ambience and the look of the place. The service was exceptional and the food was delicious! You could tell that everything was made to order and made fresh. I enjoyed a bottle of wine, sliders and a couple of the empanadas. I will definitely be coming back and I recommend this place to anyone that wants to experience something different.
You really have to make me love your place to leave a 5 star review, and this place did it. This new restaurant in the Wynwood area has surprised me and my friends. We went on a Saturday night and from outside it didn't look as a trendy place; once inside, we were amazed by its simple decoration and setup, a DJ spinning some house tracks at a decent volume. The server, which happened to be also the owner, was very clear and helpful by the time she had to explain how their menu has been developed and how to choose the options for our dinner: Small portions, tapa style, to share, with a interesting combination of Argentinean and American classics. She also claimed to be a sommelier so she helped us with our wine choice (a Zuccardi Torrontes '12 from Cafayate). We had a selection of empanadas: lamb, brie cheese, chicken, and their specialty: Mushroom, prosciutto and brie. : Amazing!. We shared a pan and almond seared brie cheese (delicious) and a burrata with a very good prosciutto di Parma and an incredible mozzarella di buffala. We also had the shrimp meatballs and some salads that were really fresh. By dessert time, she suggested the tiramisu and a chocolate pie, both really good. To end the night, after we paid, we were invited to try a house made drink made of moscato, lemon gelato, topped with Angostura bitters. Yes, I am coming back soon, hoping they keep the good service and food quality, which in owner operated and run restaurants, sometimes is a huge challenge.
Had an awesome time celebrating my birthday at Bunbury. Great place to chill and hang out with some friends while enjoying excellent wine, music, and food. Additionally, the staff was vey attentive and informed. Definitely, one of the great places that Miami has to offer.
My favorite place, hands down, in Miami! The wine, the food, the ambiance, the staff, everything! Gery and Paula are experts and have done such a wonderful job with the place. Ask Paula about any wine and she will amaze you with her knowledge. Did I mention there is free parking?? Yep, FREE parking. In miami. In wynwood. The place is uber funky, the decor is homey, with a twist. Graffiti on the outside walls and a mini stage for the dj or bands, which usually play Fridays and Saturdays. Perfect place for private parties, date night, or just a casual night by yourself with some wine.
LOVED THIS PLACE! FOOD: The food is amazing! The 4 cheese with bacon empanada and the goat cheese with ratatouille empanada were hands down my favorite, even though all the empanadas were pretty great. The Brie "Crocante" = foodgasm. SO GOOD! The shrimp balls were pretty amazing too. WINE: The wine selection is great, Paula really helped us select the perfect wine to go with our food and with the weather (we were sitting outside and it was kinda hot because, well, we live in Miami and it is always hot). ATMOSPHERE: The place itself is charming and has a great feel. It also has parking which is a huge plus. I'll be back soon!
Went last weekend for wine and empanadas... they have a good wine selection. They did not have the wine we wanted but they endorse one similar in the price range we were looking for and it was delicious. I love the decoration and ambiance...it looks kind of like an old service station, also the staff was nice and attentive. Its open late so that's a big plus! Def. will come back for dinner!
This place is literally down the street from my job. I pass it every day, and it's never caught my attention cause of the exterior. The butterfly and the weird graffiti threw me off. But it was Friday and wanted to go somewhere nearby so decided to check it out. From the moment we stepped in, we were greeted and everyone was extremely attentive.  I love the concept of a quick wine mart style where you can choose from a great selection of wine to go, or you can stay and enjoy it (with a cork fee) But definitely stay and enjoy it! Every detail from the cute way the napkins were folded to the random vintagy decor made it that much more unique! The service was impeccable! Paola (the owner) came over and described the concept and menu. I highly recommend all of the empanadas! We just did tapas, didn't order any entrees but they sure looked delicious. The desert was heaven on a plate, and went well with the wine! Highly recommended, don't judge a  book by its cover.
Passed by Bunbury last night as we were taking a post dinner stroll. We have seen this place as we drive by on our way home and knew it was on our to-do-list. The interior is very shabby chic with mismatched chairs and lots of random decor on the walls. In the back there is ample parking and a big patio with a lot of outdoor seating. It was a nice breezy night so we decided on a hightop tab;e in the back to enjoy the night air. Hubby and I chose a nice Malbec wine to share and two of their empanadas; four cheese and bacon and the cut beef. The four cheese and bacon was absolutely to die for! They arrived piping hot and the cheese just oozed out. The bacon added a nice smokey texture to balance out the nuttiness of the cheeses. The cut beef empanada was also great. As we were about to leave the nice waitress recommended one of their deserts. It was a chocolate brownie with ice cream and it came with a little jar of what appeared to be butterscotch/carmel sauce to pour over the top. AMAZING! Every detail is carefully thought out at Bunbury. From the napkins to the wine bottles they use to serve ice cold water, and the vintage books that they put your bill in when you ask for the check (Extra points for the guests that write inside the book pages and leave their love for Bunbury and the staff). I'm very glad that this place opened up close to home. It's nice to have a spot within walking distance when we can sit, enjoy a bottle of wine and tasty Argentinean treats.
I was looking for Argentinean food in Midtown and this place popped out. Its very nice rustic decorated. We had some empanadas, a very nice Malbec and the brie cheese and Milanesa. Everything was very good.
Loved, loved, loved this place!!! I came here with a groupon and I'm soooo glad that I did. We were able to try 6 different empanadas which were all AMAZING! I'm craving them rt now as I'm writing this. Glad that Wynwood's got this new gem! They use fresh herbs from their garden, which is great! Service was fantastic I must say..which in Miami lately,  it's getting hard to find. Our server (I can't remember her name )-: ) and Paola were veryyyyy helpful and made great suggestions. I will def be back cuz this place was the shhhhhhh....!!
I love this place, the atmosphere of this place has makes me love it from the first moment! They care about every detail. The food is amazing, the empanadas are great my favorites were the lamb and the prosciutto!! Wine selection and service are also impeccable!! It became one of my favorites spot!
Great happy hour spot. Empanadas are delicious, cheese plates come with a variety of tasty accoutrements and the prices are very reasonable. Just visiting Miami but this place makes my list of adorable eateries nationwide.
You can tell this place is the result of someone's dream coming to life. The food was great, service was excellent, and the music was good. Made for a great atmosphere. Only two months into opening it's already a favorite.
It was one of those lazy nights when all you wish is that yummy food would magically show up on your doorstep cooked and ready to be devoured. So, when my best friend reminded me that owner of Bunbury, Paola mentioned she was going to start delivering empanadas, I couldn't be happier!  We called right away and ordered up a variety of her empanadas: the signature lamb, chicken & veggies, goat cheese & ratatouille and the cut beef. Even though they were all incredibly tasty, my personal favourite was the chicken & veggie :-) She delivered really quickly and even took the time to explain which ones were which. Perfect Monday night dinner!
Awesome!!! Great place! Wonderful service, cold beer, and great wine selection! Cheers!!!
Miss mellow places in miami. Food is great. My new place now that Abraxis is gone...
Great place! Only complaint is the outside decor. Awful "graffiti". That fence has to go and even more so the writing on the fence! It looks tacky and honestly makes the place look rundown, which is the exact opposite of how the place is! The inside is beautiful, rustic, romantic, and inviting. I imagine they are having issues promoting the place due to the Groupon offered. If they would change the outside to reflect how beautiful the inside is, then they can go a long way. Great prices and great food. If you have passed by and been turned off by the awful outside decor; stop and give it a try!
The best empadas in town! I would recommend this place to anybody who likes good service, music and food,
Very cute place! Staff was extremely accommodating and friendly. Empanadas were fantastic! Wine prices very reasonable.
