Came here for lunch after the Miami speedboat while on the East Coast Contiki. Ordered the Original Legendary burger and got to sit at one of their outside tables around the circular-shaped restaurant- overlooking the water. Unfortunately it started to randomly pour down halfway through our meal but the staff were great helping us to get under the overhead shelter. The burger was great- with it's fried onion ring and smoked bacon. Also with the standard cheese, lettuce and tomato on the side that you put in yourself to your stacking preference. Definitely a safe and happy meal choice. Saw a nearby table have a birthday and the Hard Rock crew coming out with an outrageously sized Hot fudge brownie- looked amazing with it's massive proportions of Ben & Jerry's ice cream, fudge, brownie, walnuts, sprinkles, cream and cherry on top! Wouldn't mind having that if I'm fortunate to come back on my birthday. Hard Rock cafes are a must do- anywhere you can find one. This one is very easy to spot and a nice spot to eat!
Is Hard Rock Cafe totally hokey? Kind of, but isn't that part of the appeal? I came here on Saturday as they were having a live music event. For a $5 cover, you got non stop live music on 4 different stages for about 8 hours! Overload! My friend's band was playing, which was why I went. We figured we'd eat somewhere else and then stop by for the music, but when we went inside to check out the venue, we decided to stay and eat. Acoustics aside (the room the bands were in was too small for the volume level), it was a great experience! The rock memoribilia is always entertaining to look at, and the HUGE bar is a comfortable place to sit for a while. They had the TVs above the bar tuned to World Cup, so between the music and the sports, I was highly entertained. We shared the appetizer platter, which came with wings, spinach artichoke dip, bruschetta, onion rings and chicken tenders. I cannot believe I am writing this publicly on the internet where it will live for eternity, but the chicken tenders were the standout! One of the single best food items I have consumed all year! The mixed drinks were $8 for a double, WTH?! You could get seriously smashed here! The service was kind of slow but friendly enough. As with all things Bayside, I always roll my eyes and groan when "forced" to come here and then end up pleasantly surprised.
Hard Rock ROCKS for a Special Celebration! Made a reservation for 10 for My Daughter's Sweet 16. The Managers were very nice the whole time from the reservation to our Dining there. Food at the Hard Rock is good. Probably a notch above a TGI Fridays. The decor and vibe and Rock and Roll history is what sets this place apart from other eateries. We sat is this separate "party-type room" which has just amazing memorabellia on the walls. The manager had gift bags for my Daughter and her friends when they got seated which was a pleasant surprise. Also- they brought her and her friends out into  the main Dining room to sing her Happy Birthday. Desserts were yummy as expected. Bottom line- Great Experience- and everyone was HAPPY! What else can a Father ask for?
Hard Rock Cafe has absolutely the best food in the world.I went here with my husband my son and a couple of friends from the ban Fear Factory.Our Waitress was nice and great.My Burger and my fries were absolutely delicious
It is truly amazing to me that the Hard Rock Cafe is still alive and kickin' in Downtown Miami.  Located right on the water in Bayside, the space is huge!  They have the requisite "Rock Store" selling all the HRC gear you remember from your childhood, and the walls are covered in various rock 'n' roll paraphernalia - from jackets worn by John Lennon and Jerry Garcia to a signed bra from Madonna to Shakira's pants. I've been here twice - both times for holiday lunch with my office family.  For a group of about 20 or so, HRC is a decent option.  We get a private room to ourselves, and usually have a dedicated server or two to help with order taking, drink refills, and food delivery.   The menu is standard bar fare - they have the expected appetizers from potato skins to chicken wings to southwestern-style egg rolls and burgers, salads, and bbq entrees galore.  Prices are reasonable ($12-$20 for a main dish).  The food isn't terrible, but there are definitely better options out there. But let's be honest, the HRC gimmick has worn thin over the past 25-30 years.  The novelty is long gone from this place, and it's pretty astounding to me that they're still in business.
Good location in the marketplace overlooking the marina, with a preponderance of memorabilia inside; however, the patio is the way to go in good weather conditions.  With average food, good service, and slightly higher than average prices, I'd say this is a tourist trap.  If you've never been to a hard rock cafe, its probably worth it, otherwise...pass.
Fast great service! Food is great!! So good even my 3 year old ate it (very picky eater). Service was great. Staff was friends. I had the Texan sandwich which was super good.
The bar staff is very knowledgable and know how to make delicious drinks! This place is consistent. Always a guaranteed good time!
This place really surprised me...I've always thought of Hard Rock Cafe as one of those touristy restaurants while you get basic food, less than desirable service and cheap little replica's of musician pieces and artwork. The compete OPPOSITE is what I experienced here while staying in Miami recently. First of all the staff is some of the friendliest and sincerest I have ever had in any restaurant. Specifically Jaysin who is simply a funny and great guy took my, my brother and his girlfriend's order and it just made the time we had here very pleasant there. One of the first things they have you do upon entering Hard Rock is to take a photo in the lobby in front of the signature Hard Rock sign. They take about 3 pics of you and let you choose if you want to purchase any. 2 for $16 or 3 for $20 I believe. The food itself was surprisingly very good. I had the potato skins for appetizers which were very good especially with sour cream and for the entree had the duo combo which was bbq chicken and ribs with mashed potatoes and corn bread. Did not eat the corn bread but then again I do not eat anyone's corn bread so I am not holding that against them at all. Other than that I the food was so damn good and did not leave ANYTHING (other than the corn bread) on the plate. Definitely would come here again my next stay in Miami...well worth it!
My friends and I went to Hard Rock Cafe just to get some t shirts and heard some good comments about food and service from guests leaving so we decided to give it a try. The experience was really good. Server was aknowledge about menu and didn't mind answering questions about entrees. Drinks had enough alcohol to enjoy without getting drunk. Place looked clean and liked the fact that manager stopped by our table to inquire about our experience. I'll definitely recommend this location to my friends.
Food is great we got the ribs, and they were awesome and the service was outstanding. Our waiter Alex was so professional and friendly and made us have a great dining experience.
Been to this location several times. The other night we met some great friends as they were having a talent show for the Chamber of Commerce. We walked to the second floor where they had a very nice layout of food and yes Santa Claus. Turkey, Roast Beef, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, stuffing, oh yes this was a holiday dinner. All of the food was good. Our server was upbeat, friendly, and cool. He did take very good care of us throughout the evening. I have always liked the vibe of Hard Rock, although it is very loud and the food is mediocre. After trying several dishes, nothing really stands out for me. To go with friends for apps and some cocktails is cool but dinner meh...... I had the Pineapple Coconut Margarita and it was so good. I think it was like $8, not bad, as it was tasting fab! So onto the best part of the night. Our friend's daughter got onto the stage to sing her original song. BTW, she was the only one who did an original. She had no fear, looked amazing, then she began and wow she brought tears to my eye's. Her voice was incredible and her guitar skills amazing. What a talented artist!! As I sat watching and listening to her all I could think about was how very proud her parent's must be for having such a beautiful talented daughter. It was such a delight to finally get the opportunity to hear her perform, as she was the absolute best performer. Amazing young lady with a great future ahead of her. But if you knew her parent's it would not surprise you. She is a direct reflection of having such great parent's who has raised an incredible young lady. Five stars for Stephanie's performance and being able to spend a great evening with such good people and friends. Cool place for an event or chillin with friends!
For Father's Day, my dad got to pick out the restaurant. He picked Hard Rock Cafe because he knew no one would go with him if they had a choice. So, we ventured down to Bayside on a Sunday late afternoon. We parked in the garage, not knowing they would charge us $10. Ouch! In retrospect, we should have tried to park in the metered parking in the middle of Biscayne Blvd. It would have been much cheaper and only a little further walk. Apparently this Hard Rock location has been re-done recently. I hadn't been there before the remodel, so I am not sure how different it is. The memorabilia was neat, but not the most impressive Hard Rock Collection I've seen. In my opinion the coolest thing is the Elton John flower suit at the front of the restaurant. The restaurant itself was the Hard Rock standard. Overpriced menu of mostly burgers and sandwiches. The drinks list did not have prices on it- annoying. They also made us take a picture before seating us, and then half-heartedly tried to sell it to us while we waited for our food. There were entertaining music videos playing the whole time, but they weren't as loud as at other Hard Rock locations. This is good if you want to hear the people at your table. Bad if you are hoping not to hear them. The food took a long time even though the restaurant was not busy, and the service was typical of Miami. Bad. Not the worst though. You probably won't find much better unless you go to a nice restaurant. I ordered the California burger and substituted the beef for chicken. The substitution was free, which was nice. My chicken burger and fries were tasty. Not something to make you come back to Hard Rock (that's supposed to be the atmosphere's job), but solid enough to eat the whole thing. Long story short, this is not the coolest Hard Rock Cafe I have visited, but it is still a Hard Rock Cafe. You know what to expect. It is great for kids and convenient if you are hanging out in Bayside waiting to catch a cruise. I wouldn't seek it out, but you could do a lot worse.
Both of my sons love Hard Rock Cafe because of the cool stuff on the walls and the music, so we've gone to the one in Atlanta a couple of times over the last few years.  I've never been a big fan because the food is average with above average pricing.  The service is usually pretty good though. We were in Miami for 1 night before going on a cruise so my sons and I decided to go to the HRC across from our hotel.  It was pretty late so I called to make sure they were open and the hostess said yes, come on over.  Our first challenge was getting inside the restaurant.  What looked like the entryway on the lower level was actually another restaurant, and then we went up the stairs and the door was locked.  I called and the hostess instructed me to walk around the side of the building to where a bunch of chairs were being stored, and to come in that door.  We did so, and then followed a strange pathway into the restaurant.  That kind of set the tone for the evening. We were seated and the server came over and took our drink orders.  He then shuffled off to the back and I saw him helping to break things down and clean, which was odd since the restaurant was still officially open for another 45 minutes.  Our drinks finally come, he takes our orders, and then leaves again.  We sat listening to & watching heavy metal (Slipknot) video playing.  Isn't there a difference between hard rock and heavy metal?  Those guys are scary, loud, and aren't really saying anything.  Now I know what my parents thought about the rap music I listened to growing up...   So we waited, and waited, and waited on our food.  About 30 or 40 minutes later, it finally arrives.  Both my oldest son and I got burgers and my youngest got chicken fingers.  The food was what you'd expect from Hard Rock, Fridays, or any other place in that realm.  It's just so overpriced.  2 burgers, 2 cokes, and a kid's meal for $42!  I don't care how much my boys enjoy the crap on the walls, I don't plan on returning to any of them again...
I've been collecting Hard Rock Cafe shirts for a long time and only buy them if I personally visit the locations myself. Of all the ones I've visited, Miami is my favorite one. It's located right by the water, which is wonderful. I also loved being there during the Red Bull Flug Tag event when Hard Rock won 2nd place! The energy was high, there was a DJ playing great music, and the food was the best I've ever had at a Hard Rock. The portions were huge; my husband and I could barely finish half of our meals, which is abnormal for Hard Rock. Usually the portions are small in relation to how much they charge for their menu items. We had an overall great experience here, from the vibe to the food and service. I can't wait to come back and visit!
Tried to have lunch here today. After 20 minutes of waiting at the table with only a small grunt (as hello?!) from one of the waiters and no menus we left. Four staff members were standing by the entrance but they seemed more interested in talking to each other than the guests. The outdoor area looked messy. In conclusion, we will not visit again.
The Hard Rock Cafe began as an overpriced burger joint in London that Eric Clapton frequented.  He gave them a guitar. That set off other musicians in the greater London area wanting to be seen associated with the hipper-than-thou joint, and the history of rock gear kept on coming. Today, owned by the Seminole tribe of Florida, the Hard Rock is one of the great world-wide museums of music, a shrine to every band great and small. It's also still an overpriced burger joint. I've been to probably about 20-22 of the Hard Rock Cafes around the world. My wife and kids like the very cool trading pins that are a staple of their retail business that sells hats, shirts and gear.  I go because I like the food well enough, and I like to check out the rock memorabilia. All HRC menus are standard. Miami does a pretty good job with the recipes.  This particular location has the slowest kitchen on the planet. If you're going before a Miami Heat game, allow yourself time. Located over the water in the harbor, the restaurant has no windows, odd for its location, so you won't get any benefit from the spectaular locale... Something they should fix if they ever overhaul the place. What makes the Miami cafe special is the gear.  Lots of British invasion stuff. Beatles, John Lennon autographed items, a Grateful Dead work-in-progress poster, etc. The mall itself has live entertainment, sunset cruises, and cheesy, but enjoyable shopping stroll with a Disney Store, Brookstone, and other restaurants and shops. Price: Hard Rock ain't cheap.  Burgers run $10.50 to $15.00 with extras. Parties of 6 or more get the auto 18% added gratuity, not bad when the service is good, but... If you're in Miami, it's a fun place to check out.  BE WARNED ABOUT PARKING: The mall that they are in is adjacent to the American Airlines Arena. Any time that there is an event in the arena the parking garage jumps from 4.00-8.00 to $20.00!!!  Check to see what's playing at the AA before going. The HRC people know it drives off business, but with a long-term lease, what will they do?
Frankly, I didn't know the Hard Rock Cafe still existed until recently. I worked at the one in LA, which closed, along with most other locations. The concept seems a little stale these days ... unlike the resorts, which are totally hip and modern. But a friend in town wanted some American food near their hotel, so we headed to Bayside Marketplace. It was rainy, so the atmosphere wasn't ideal. The Hard Rock itself seemed a little old. I'm sure it's been around forever. We were seated in a booth - our server was totally upbeat and friendly, and VERY attentive. I went with veggie fajitas as my main dish, and they were definitely appetizing. The veggies were super fresh, cooked perfectly, and it came with all the fixin's - guac, sour cream, lettuce, salsa verde, etc. I was happy. It was a little overpriced though, as they charged me the same as if I had ordered them with meat. Kinda lame. For drinks, I had a couple dirty martinis, which were very nice, and reasonably priced at around $8 for Stoli. The waitress tried to push the "Rock Shop" on us pretty hard, which is the Hard Rock way, but I couldn't be less interested in 90's era Hard Rock baseball caps. All in all, it was a consistently good experience. Chain restaurant, chain food - but of the better variety.
We were staying at the Courtyard By Marriott and it seemed like a good idea to walk down to this Bayside area where we had seen lots of 'civilization' from our shuttle. We being 9 of us all in Miami for either the first time or the first time in ages. This Bayside Marketplace seems like a real cool place if not for the fact that it was freaking HOT in Miami, it being august and all. So while there were many interesting looking places with a wide variety of cuisines we opted for the HRC due to our dire need for AC! Most of the other joints were open air. I know it's YELP and there are a vast number of 'chain haters' but I can honestly say every HRC I've been to has been pretty all right. This one was no exception. The location is awesome as it sits right on the marina and the view of the bay side area and Miami is quite cool. If you've read my reviews you know I love my waterside locations. Our waiter started strong but then fizzled out, maybe the 9 of us were too much for him. After a while he seemed to disappear on us which is too bad for him because with us all on foot we probably would have squeezed in a few more rounds with a little more attention. We had a few apps including some pretty nice nachos. Many had the "Local Legend Burgers", I had a BBQ Pulled Pork sammy that was actually pretty tasty, could have used a little extra hot sauce though. Other entrees included a Chicken Club; a Blackened Mahi sammy and a few salads. All in all everybody seemed to enjoy their chow, and the bottom line for 9 was $241.45, including an automatic 18% gratuity that is actually less than I usually tip (I picked up the tab) but in this instance was actually just about right. (note to Hannah S.: I'm not aware of any of the HRCs that I've been to closing and that includes 5 or 6 spots...so not sure what you're talking about other than you don't really know what you're talking about)
Ignorant waiter. Racism. And so-so food. Our waiter asked where we were from. I said San Francisco.  He said great place, felt like an Asian tourist bc he took ao many pics. Said he couldn't believe how many Asians were there, but guessed they deserved it bc they built the railroads.   Did I mention, I AM ASIAN!!!!!! As a side note he had an alternate suggestion for everything we wanted to order.  If we wanted those options we would have ordered them. Awful. Go somewhere authentic, go get Cuban food.
Honestly, the food is completely mediocre. If you're eating here, it's more for the entertainment portion of. The drinks are incredibly too sweet. I ordered their famous "Hurricane" the last time I was here and I felt like I was drinking pure sugar-cane. It's a typical bar menu with burgers, simple appetizers like calamari, and a few entrees that consist of chicken, some sort of fish option, a steak, and pastas. I had the hamburger, which is difficult to mess up. And they didn't, but it wasn't anything spectacular either. Just an average burger with average fries. The restaurant itself is pretty cool. Great visuals of old famous bands and records decorate the rooms. It serves more as a historical music museum than anything else, and it's fun to sit and eat while you watch old music videos from the past.
Decided to go here after our tour around Miami. Nice set-up. Great memorabilia! Our waiter was really cool. The food was just OK. I had the mac and cheese, skewered shrimp, and rice. i know, what a combo lol. the rice was ok, no taste though. the mac and cheese was ok. the shrimp tasted like eggs! i told our waiter and he was nice about it. he said he would take care of it. usually, the manager is supposed to come to your table to check on things, but no one came. our waiter even came back after a while and was like, "the manager didnt come yet?" so, i dont know what happened with that. thank goodness i didnt get sick from eating that shrimp! well, it wasnt on the bill. thanks for that! ive heard a lot about Hard Rock, but i wasnt all that impressed with the food. cool looking place though :)
This Hard Rock Cafe was in walking distance from my hotel and some of my co-workers wanted to come here for lunch. Not much to say about the atmosphere - like Orion S. states "if you've been to one HR then you've been to them all". We had a free afternoon so I ordered a rum runner. It was real tasty. My second one was not so tasty and when I mentioned it to the server, he said the manager made the first one and the bartender made the second one. He was kind enough to have the manager make me another one. I ordered a burger and fries. The burger was greasy and the fries were nothing memorable. If solely based on the food, I would give this Hard Rock 2 stars, but the service and the rum runners bumps it up to 3.
This is what I had: Joe Perry's Rock Your World Quesadilla: Grilled chicken and pineapple, tossed in our own bar-b-que sauce (made with Joe Perry of Aerosmith's Mango-Peach Tango hot sauce), with melted Jack cheese, and stuffed in a chile-dusted tortilla. Served with fresh guacamole, pineapple salsa and sour cream This is what I got: Killer 3-Piece Quesadilla that's Amazingly Big to Fit only in a Small Rectangular Plate: BBQ-doused Chicken with No Hint of a Mango-flavor in the BBQ Sauce Which is Hard to See Except For That Smear On the Plate, served with three small scoops of guacamole, pineapple salsa and sour cream. Yeah. Still good. Good enough.
If you like hard rock cafe, you'll probably enjoy this place. however, if you are looking for local flavor and trying to experience miami, then.... eh. We went here just to grab a quick bite for lunch, and it was ok. Not above average... just kind of chain-y and americanized food. I guess this is something I knew going in.  I haven't been to a hard rock in a long long time. I ordered the chicken and macaroni and cheese,which was good, kind of salty.  The drinks are a little pricey...as is everything else actually. Overall, I think for us....a couple who wanted to experience some of the local flavor of miami, this was probably not the best of choices. It certainly was not 'bad' though.
Hard Rock food is hard rock food. Solid and consistent although not exceptional. I know I won't be disappointed when I go.
Understandably, the exterior decor isn't quite 100% ..due to the battering by hurricanes within the last few years, however, the interior is stylishly Rock n Roll, just like we've come to expect of Hard Rock. Food is of the typical Hard Rock Cafe standards. My personal favorite menu items: Jumbo Combo (a sampler of pretty much all the popular appetizers), the burgers, cajun sandwich, the herb grilled chicken or blackened chicken pasta, and a malt shake to end the meal! Mmmm....oh so good :-P Prices are pretty much mid-range, as with all other Hard Rock cafes.
There was a worker named "Cristobal" that was extremely rude and asked us to get out of his by the bar in a very abrasive rude way. My family and I which was a party of 9 were waiting for our table by the bar because it was raining outside and the gentleman named "Cristobal" told us loudly and abrasively "you guys need to move". It caught the attention of the party sitting next to us and everyone looked at each other in disbelief. This gentleman needs better customer service skills or develop a healthy social life as a way to better interact with individuals.
Went here on a first date. Guess it was a good dinner-because we are still dating. First things first... -parking can be obnoxious, bring cash -food was good, but isn't any all American standard chain restaurant's food good? maybe, maybe not -our waitress clearly did not speak English as a first language but that was doable -food was good -i ordered a club sandwich with fries -we sat inside-the ambiance was nice, there isn't really a view which was a little disappointing since i thought there would be considering its on the water If you are in the area (Bayside park), it is probably the best bet as far as restaurants go. So stop by.
I wanted to try something different. On the recommendation of an associate I tried the Hard Rock Cafe at Bayside. upon walking up the stairs the two greeters at the door were all smiles and overly friendly. They asked, more like insisted that I take a couple of pictures because it is apart of the Hard Rock Experience.   After being seated at the table, I took my time and looked over the menu. More of the dishes are your usual cafe fare. Burgers, salads, pasta, the usual. I ordered the fajitas trio combo with a side salad and white sangria to drink. The white sangria was really nice, smooth and strong. The fajitas were a combo of steak, chicken, and shrimp with red & green peppers, mushrooms and the usual fixings on the side. Hot fresh tender and good. the server was especially attentive. about every ten minutes she was coming by asking me if I was still having a wonderful time. lol about 20 minutes in to my dinner one of the greeters comes by the table to show me a print of the picture that was taken when I first came in to the cafe. After seeing the picture that I kept saying I didn't want to  take, tell her that I don't want to pay the $10 to buy it. She instantly got an attitude and snatched the picture out of my hand. I brushed it off and didn't report her mean behind to anyone because I just wanted to enjoy my dinner and drink. I understand that the purpose of this place is to sell merchandise. But getting an attitude and being rude because a patron doesn't want to purchase is not way to act. The problem with this is that this will be the experience that the patron remembers and tells everybody about.
My star rating should speak for itself... It's the typical chain restaurant that serves barely edible food. I guess the location is pretty nice but the place itself is way too touristy and overpriced (but expected-- I was forced to come here). You're better off going to Chili's nearby and taking advantage of their all-day happy hour.
2.5 Stars This was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe, and I came in with very little expectations. I mean, it's a franchise. You're just there for the experience and to gawk at the impressive memorabilia they have. My family and I chose this place for lunch out of the others at the Bayside Marketplace just to say that we went to an HRC. Result? The food was better then we thought it would be. It wasn't five-star, but it certainly was delicious, especially since none of us ordered their signature burgers. With a Jumbo Combo, Chicken Quesadilla, and a Veggie Burger (My dad can't eat meat, so he opted for that. Alas), we got to split and share our meal with everybody feeling content. The service, on the other hand, was a bit... jarring. Our waiter was eager to please, and one could tell he was trying hard. It was just that there was this huge lag between us ordering something and actually getting them, except for the drinks. We all freaked out when my mom, who complained that her coffee was taking too long, did our waiter come out of nowhere, saying, "Your coffee will be out soon, ma'am." Furthermore, there was a bartender who made drinks for me and my sister. While walking, he saw my sister's glass, which was now empty, and promptly snatched it away while going back to his spot. All of us were alarmed because our waiter promised us we would get the signature cups, and out of all the things the bartender could have taken since we were done with our food, he just snatched that cup away. He didn't even see mine, so it was very inconsistent. So you see, there wasn't anything terrible about the service but it definitely took a while to rationalize their actions. Would I go here again if I'm back in Miami? Nah, but I'm glad I went. Bottom line: Decent but overpriced food with some inconsistent (read: not bad, just WEIRD) service.
Before going to Miami Heat game, decided to stop by and have a some dinner. Prices on menu well they can be pricy but then again it's a tourist location. Overall, it was ok.
I don't know what got into me that I mentioned going to Hard Rock for dinner.  We had walked to Bayside and were trying to find a place to eat.  The people in our group couldn't really decide or agree upon where to eat, so I just said, let's go to Hard Rock! My issues here weren't at all about the food.  The food was fine.  I had a California Club with fries and everyone else had pulled pork sandwiches. The problem was that the service was just....weird.  My mom ordered a Merlot, they brought her a white wine.  My sister ordered a Pinot Noir and the server brought her a Pinot Grigio.  The guy brought me a regular coke instead of diet and then couldn't remember that I was the one who had ordered a soda.  Then, when I asked for a box for my leftovers the server brings a box, a paper bag, and a soda refill.  He is standing on the other side of the table from where I'm sitting leaning over my dad.  Meanwhile, I am dealing with my 9 month old baby and really couldn't grab all 3 things while holding the baby.  Instead of just placing the soda and the box next to me, he literally stood there for SEVERAL seconds while I struggled to try and get the things from his hands.  He couldn't have even put the soda on the table for me???  Finally, my grandmother helped me and took the box and the bag, and I managed to grab the soda and place it on the table.  Lack of training maybe?  I don't know, it just left me feeling blah about the place.
Very little menu selection, average tasting overpriced bar food and very odd service.  The resturant was 75% empty and the servers were really laying it on thick and asking very personal questions and trying their hardest to boost their tip.  I don't think its polite for a server to ask two people who just sat down "hi, are you dating?" its like, UMMM excuse me?  AKWARD.
I think out of all the HR Cafes I've been to, this is my personal favorite.  I like the mall area and I always like going for a stroll after eating.  As it has already been mentioned though, parking can be a bitch during games and events.  But it's still nice nonetheless.
Love, Love, Love and Love the location of this Hard Rock in Miami. It looks like it is on a little artificial island or something, or stilts. Regardless it is very cool and right on a river in town. Food good as usual and fun memorabilia. Not my fave Hard Rock location but close. My fave is the Hard Rock in Peurta Vallarta, Mexico. It is right next to the beach and there are palm trees right beside it, and a ivory walk to walk along downtown and the beach. Definitely a 5 star one there. too bad Yelp is not doing Mexico yet.
great location. food are over priced as always, and if you keep in mind the diversity of food around Miami, their menu and prices are not impressive at all.
This Hard Rock is probably the worse Hard Rock restaurant I have ever dined at from the initial greeting, angry bar tender, lousy food and if you can believe it the service was even worse.  I normally would not give such a lousy rating but this is well served. the story.....came in with a group of 10 the host said they were busy and to wait at the bar for 15 minutes, first of all the restaurant was half empty so not sure why we had to wait. Anyways waited 10 minutes and no server to take a drink, we went to the bar to order and the "angry" female bar tender snaps at us saying she is all alone and busy and cannot take our order....OK forget it we were shortly seated anyway, we ordered appetizers which took way too long the appetizers were OK nothing special.  They took our dinner order basically 8 Hamburgers and two Fajitas, this took even longer and then they forget to order two of the dinners so two members of our group had to wait 20 minutes for their food while the rest all ate.  No apoligies, comp entrees or a visit from the Manager....Really?.  BTW the Hamburgers were tasteless, and the fries were soft and too salty.  How did this restaurant get so bad.....Hard Rock please close the doors of this sub par establishment.  I would recommend going other nicer restaurants in the Bayside Mall.
I think the service here is among the best of the Hard Rocks I've been to. It does have a considerable amount of great stuff to look at. I'd definitely go back when in the Miami area. Yea rock memorabilia!!
This Hard Rock Cafe is in a very good location.  However it does lack windows or some sort of an outdoor seating area which I would like to see.  This would definitely benefit the location. I like bayside a lot, most likely because its so close to where I live.  The food here is average as well as the service.  If you've been to one HR then you've been to them all.  Lots of stuff to look at and enjoy.  Decent food and a good place to pick up some musical swag.
Nice outdoor seating with the view of the water..food average..service sucks
Not such a fan! I thought these were supposed to be a great experience. The server was a slug and not much too see. Not sure how someone can screw up buffalo wings but they did.
Só vale pena marca Hard Rock. O pior que eu já fui.
Grate. The server is amazing, the food delicios.
Great location
I took my girlfriend today on date to hard rock cafe bayside and I have to say the food was very good but the service was horrible. We sat beside the bar by the window and the server/bartender preferred to talk to his buddy rather than serve us. We had to raise our hands like we where back in middle school to ask for re-fill on soda, we even had to ask for napkins because there where no napkins close by. After raising my hand for the third time he came to my table with an attitude I asked for a fork since there where none, he left to get the fork, came back and didnt even give it to me in my hand he put it far from my reach and then with an attitude asked if I needed anything else. Horrible service. I'm never going again.
Was going to a Heat game and decided to stop in for early meal before the game. It was about 4 in the afternoon. Hostess took us to these 3 girls just standing around and one of the girls took us to our table after yelling to the others about where to sit us. It was not crowded at all. Sat down waited 10 minutes no one ever came to table. Grabbed one of the waitresses that walked by and asked her if she knew who our server was and she said yes she would get them immediately. 10 more minutes pass and still no one had even come to the table. We walked out at that point but sad part about it was that when the hostess saw us leaving and I commented no one ever came to the table you would have thought she would have at least said oh I'm sorry or something but we got nothing from her. This is a poor excuse for a restaurant. Even a chain restaurant. We ended up eating inside the arena for probably twice the price but at least the customer service there was attentive.
