modest cuban style cafeteria in south beach. i was here for breakfast today and this is what i ordered. a breakfast sandwich (eggs, ham & cheese), two cortaditos and an orange juice. grand total: 7 bucks. great deal considering that was breakfast for two! im curious about lunch which starts at 11am and i hear its really good food and huge portions!
I was on a mission to find the best cuban sandwich in Miami, but I only had a few evenings to do it. I didn't want to trek outside of Miami Beach, so under the advice of many locals, I think I found it here. This place had a ton of regulars picking up orders of their sandwiches. One patron (born and raised in Miami) congratulated me on finding the best spot in under a day. It got my hopes up. Luckily, it pulled through. The sandwich was as simply perfect as I had imagined it to be and for only $4.50! The fresh pork loin is roasted and sliced on premises each morning. The bread is buttered and pressed.  The cheese is gooey. The dill pickle chips and mustard added some zing. It's probably one of the best in the city. It's nothing fancy, but neither is the cubano. Go there. It was a good ass sandwich.
This is a great little place for good, homestyle Cuban food. Their empanadas are phenomenal and everything else is very good. They'll fill a large styrofoam container full of anything you want for about 10 bucks. The little Cuban ladies serving you will also yell at you if you're not quick enough while ordering. It's pretty intimidating but it's worth it. You're better off taking your food to go as seating is scarce.
Las Olas is the real deal, and my mainstay on SoBe for anything from a solid sandwich to "una completa". Their cafecitos make my heart smile, as does the fact that I can get some guarapo over ice anytime I want it. If you can manage to grab one of the little tables they have outside for breakfast, do it -- the people watching is second to none when you're next to the little window where people pick up their on the go espresso, freshly squeezed OJ, pastelitos and empanadas. Cheap, delicious, and fabulously consistent, I always make Las Olas among my very first stops when I get to the area.
I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place previously. Shame on me. Here's the deal:  It's delicious, it's authentic, it's walking distance from the beach, and most importantly:  You can get a phenomenal cuban sandwich at 8 in the morning.  That is the breakfast of champions.   Ideal meal:  Cuban, 2 ham and cheese empanadas, and a glass of sugarcane juice.  Maybe add a sandwich to go for later.   The staff is friendly and the prices are cheap.  Aside from the juices, but in that case, you get what you pay for.  With cash only.
Great cafe, cortadito, cafe con leche, and pressed sugar cane juice. Best empanadas around, the chicken is full of spices and flavor. I had the picadillo Tuesday and it was great, I ate the leftovers cold Wednesday night and it was still good. Their cuban sandwich is the best yet, cut on a diagonal lengthwise, and full of good stuff. Masas de puerco are very good as well. They even make a good BLT. Staff is awesome, always smiling, the ladies will spoil you.
The best Cuban food on the beach. Cheap and quick and holy heck they feed you like a king. The food is always fresh too !
Now this has to be Miami ... reminded me of Union City ... I felt at home ... great and cheap cuban coffee ... delcious cuban sandwhich, empanadas, pasteles de guayaba and croquettas .... had to make a trip there the morning we were leaving to have some coffee before the flight home and empanadas .... Went htere multiple times during our 4 day stay in miami last time we were there. Will def. return!
If you don't speak Spanish, it is hard to understand how the process works. For example, we didn't know they served sandwiches because when we asked, the lady just pointed to the counter to show us the pre-cooked food options. We ended up getting a chicken with rice/beans and the plantains. The food was good. The restaurant could be a little cleaner, and there were a lot of bugs flying around. It would be helpful if they had a menu including prices.
Had the midnight sandwich ham and pork and cheese the bread was the best and the tangly pickles.This is a hole in the wall all the locals come to its kind of hidden but once you eat there you are glad you found it.
If you're anything like me when you travel, the quest to taste the flavors of wherever you go is paramount. This little buffet style point-and-choose Cuban kitchen is exactly the kind of food I wanted to eat in Miami. In fact, once my friends and I discovered it, we didn't eat anywhere else! Because of the Cuban plauralism in Miami, there's a ton of Cuban restaurants, some of which are good and some that are just pricey tourist traps. However, Las Olas is exceptional in that its food is delicious and cheap. Lastly, the service is so friendly. I don't know if who I was chatting with was the owner, but from the moment I walked in she greeted me warmly. This woman noticed my boyfriend and began to regale me with her suggestions of good gay clubs. So there's Another plus; this place seems to be gay-friendly. This little place is amazing all around. They have delicious food if you're craving real Latino/Cuban food. No frills, just delicious. Their drink selection is also unique in that they sell canned drinks you'd probably find south of the boarder. Also, they make fresh sugar cane juice. Try it. Yum.
Perfect cafeteria spot located a few blocks from the beach.  Lunch for two cost me less than $20!  Outdoor seating is available, but there is no shade so good luck with trying to look cute on that one.  There are 7 2-tops inside, but you can configure them to your liking.  There isn't much relief indoors, but at least you're out of the sun.  You will however, sweat in all places foreign and domestic. When you walk in, you'll notice immediately that you will point to what you want.  Most of the hot food is pre-made, aside from the sandwiches, but the food is hot and is constantly being cooked. I choose the breaded tilapia, yellow rice, and steamed vegetables ($7.95).  It was a tremendous amount of food, but since I only had a bowl of cereal 6 hours prior, I was able to get through most of it.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the breading wasn't too thick or over-seasoned, just right.  The yellow rice had mixed veggies in it and still had decent flavor.  The steamed veggies were a little overdone, but Cubans aren't known to be big veggie eaters anyway, so I wasn't expecting perfection. My GF ordered the Midnight Sandwich ($6).  It's basically a cuban sandwich with egg bread.  I didn't try it, because I had too much food in front of me, but she said it was "good...exactly how it was supposed to taste." Don't eat anywhere else on South Beach if you're on a budget. I ate here because it was a block away from the parking garage. This place is a legit...
Damn, I wanted to like this place. I've never had a Cuban sandwich and always thought that Miami would be the place to get one. As it happens, I got offered the chance to spend the night in Miami on a buddy's boat. I did my research a la Yelp and saw that this place was supposed to be the bee's knees re: Cuban sandwiches. Result: FAIL. I came, I saw, I ordered, I left bummed. The Cuban sandwich was cold and the cheese was nowhere near melted, the meat was dry, and the bread wasn't fresh. I wasn't expecting heaven on a bun, but I did think that I'd be impressed & at least satisfied. Further, I waited forever for it. Had the Cuban sandwich came out great, I'd be fine with that. But the wait coupled with the disappointment yields a 2 Star review.   Saving graces: friendly staff, affordable, nice location, kind & adorable 9 year old girl who bussed my table (Tipped her). Next time: I'll go back, but only to get the lamb. I sampled that dish and it was dang good.
ABSOLUTELY... the best food for the price in South Beach!!!! After discovering it, came back for breakfast lunch and dinner!!!!
The best Cuban food I have ever had. Kind of a cashual, hole in the wall type of place. You know it is authentic when no one who works there speaks english. They have different food choices daily. Food is about $8 a plate and awesome. If you are looking for local, great cuban food in south beach this is your place! Thanks yelp reviewers. I would have never found this place without you.
so great.  if you're on the way to the beach, grab a breakfast with cafe con leche and enjoy the hell out of it without spending much money.  i love it.
I stopped here for empanadas on a trip to Miami last year. The empanadas were delicious. As others have noted, there are no menus and the employees mostly spoke Spanish, which was actually great for me because I wanted to practice.
My favorite SOBE cafe Been a fan since 2006. The beef empanadas are the best in all Miami, their chicken sandwich is delicious, the pan con biste too, and their Cuban food by the pound is really tasty!! Everything is yummy, and the service is fast! I love this place, I really do!!
My bf and I rented an apartment for our vacation and it was right around the corner from this cafe. As soon as I saw Las Olas I knew I had to check it out, you can see mostly locals coming to get coffee, pastries etc which is always a good sign. We had coffee here every morning and it was amazing!! They make each cup from an espresso maker with delicious frothy milk, it's very strong and rich - the way coffee should be. We came here a few times during our stay and had empanadas (chicken and spinach), guava pastries and a lunch plate (fried fish, rice and beans) everything was flavorful and delicious! Can't wait to go back to Miami just for some coffee and pastries
The best chicken empanadas ever!!! I live in the bay and went to Miami 4 months ago and I am still drooling over these empanadas. I am in search of an empanada that compares to the one here...so far...no luck!! :( The Cuban sandwiches are also good here!!
OK so I accidentally stumbled upon this place as I searched breakfast spots on my iphone which of course shows the yelp ratings preview. I read one review saying something about $8 plate and you can get whatever you want and I was sold. It was false that I could get anything on my plate for $8 BUT you do get one meat and  a side for $8 in very VERY healthy proportions, and for a little extra you can add a 2nd meat or 3rd side or whatever your heart desires. The food is sooooo good and this place is a legitimate steal! It was packed when I got there, and it was Monday lol, which let me know there had to be something special about the place. Definitely worth a visit and I will eat there every time I am in Miami. I'd literally been spending $100 per day on food and I was in MIA for 5 days lol so anything for $8 was a blessing to me LOL.
So we're in Miami, so of course we have to get Cuban food. But we are staying in South Beach, and I have no idea where Little Havana is. Trusty Yelp led me here. It is a little confusing when you walk in. There are no menus, and it seems like you can order from inside at the counter, or outside at the window. We ordered a plate of food, from which you just basically point out what you want (we got a plate with black beans mixed with rice, a huge fried filet of fish, and some plantains. I believe it was about $8-$9. We also got a guava pastry, and a spinach/cheese empanada. Total was about $11. All delicious! The size of that filet of fish was gigantic and totally worth it! We took our plate to the beach and enjoyed it so much that we returned the next day to get some take out before our flight home. This time, we tried a different rice, which was yellow with some veggies (the black bean/rice combo wasn't available), some cooked ground beef, and the plantains again. We also got a chicken and a beef empanada, a guava/cheese pastry and a cinnamon roll and 2 breakfast sandwiches (eggs, bacon and cheese on toasted bread). All for about $20.  What a deal. And that plate was so delicious before our flight. Cash only, but there is an ATM on site. Just ask the ladies behind the counter about what is available regarding sandwiches and pastries. They are happy to help!
Really really good food! Spinach and cheese empanada, chicken empanada, cuban sandwich, fried plantains, rice, ground beef and beans. My husband and I had a feast for $20. Everything was so good. Great flavor, really friendly staff.
Cheap and delicious. The cafe con leche was the best I tried in South Beach. Service is a bit hectic but they seem to genuinely care about their community. A true local joint. If you're looking for a great local establishment that reflects the flavor of Miami, you MUST come here (and def try the bread!) Breakfast plate is humongous and cheap (and delicious)! Best cuban joint in south beach.
Real 3S Food: 3.S Service: 4S Ambiance: 3S It's cheap. The empanadas are definitely overrated. Are Cuban empanada's that much different than Peruvian/Argentinian and other Latin countries? The other foods I thought were better. Really affordable for SoBe.
I freaking love this place. Las Olas has the best Cuban food in South Beach. The prices are excellent and the staff is pleasant. (A bunch of quirky flirtatious ladies) Meals are usually under $10. Coffee is strong, always fresh & delicious. They make quite possibly, the best Cuban sandwich ever. I like picking one up and eating at the movies. So, Las Olas best authentic Cuban food in South Beach. Nothing else compares.
Excellent food and prices.   Authentic Cuban food.  Very crowded at lunch so got our food to go and walked to the beach to eat it.   Ham and cheese empanada was my favorite.  My husband loved the pork with red beans and rice.  Others raved about the chicken. The sandwiches are big and could be easily shared.
4.5 stars Holy crap - the chicken empanadas are huge, 2 bucks, and the very best I have ever had. Awesome. We walked in with no idea of what to order. We were the only people there that were not speaking in Spanish. I asked the lady behind the counter. She seemed genuinely interested in helping. I just paid for whatever she said she was getting for us. It was 8 bucks and could easily feed 2 people -- massive. The chicken quality was better than one gets at most places that charge $25 a plate. The rice was fresh, the black beans hot, and it came out quickly to boot. Awesome place that I highly recommend.
This place was awesome!  I had the roast pork, black beans & rice, and the fried plantains. My partner had the chicken. The meats were well seasoned and extremely tender. The fried plantains had that wonderful crispy exterior with that soft center. The beans and rice were good.  They serve you a large portion and both of our plates with drinks was $20!  What a bargain!   I only wish I could have tried more things, it all looked so good! Seating is limited and they only accept cash.
Great, affordable find in South Beach for a quick breakfast or lunch with a bit of local flair. There isn't much quality seating so plan on grabbing to go.  Their omelet sandwiches are great to head to the beach with and they're very open to customizing however you like it.  Or do what we did and start off your morning with a Cuban sandwich.  Don't miss the empanadas in the side window, they were some of the best I've had.   I admittedly am a little bit of a caffeine fiend but their Cafe De Leches were heavenly.  If you like the the taste of coffee, I'd recommend getting one without sugar since the milk alone is sweet.   One thing to know before you go is that the wait is a lot longer than you'd expect for being a quick service joint.  Be prepared to wait but it's well worth it.
best chicken empanadas EVER! I want to take this back to DC and marry it!
What a find! Little shop on the corner, walk up  window outside or go in for variety of options. Minimal seating ( 4 tables maybe), small place but amazing cuban food. (Boy has been converted!) Ordered lunch plates with choice of rice, meat, and vegetable.  Had the shrimp, and lamb: both were awesome. Went back later in the day and picked up a couple chicken empanadas to eat on the road. WIsh I had bought a few extra..... Go here! Incredible, authentic, and cheap!  Large portions.
Great food and pretty cheap. You get to choose one meat and two sides. It's served cafeteria style. I got the chicken rice and plantains. The chicken was awesome but the plantains were too sweet for me. tasted like fried bananas instead of a more starchy plantain. Overall I would definitely go back, that had fried pork which I wanted to try.
So glad my boyfriend and I came to eat here. Everybody here is very friendly, and ppl seem to be enjoying working and eating here. The prices are cheap for south beach and portions are giant. Food tastes fresh and flavorful, but if you don't like salty food, avoid getting too much meat because it is cooked with good amount of salt. The place is very clean and well kept. Make sure you get the orange juice. It is pricey ($4.35 each) but made out of real fresh oranges.
I luv this cafe, always very welcoming and there's always someone to talk too. My son n I go in the morning for breakfast . The girls know exactly what we want. I feel well taken care off when I go there.
Tasty affordable snacks with a cuban feel. I went there with a friend that had promised me a true cuban experience. I found the food to be very good, with sizable portions and quick service. Wouldn't recommend this place to someone who's counting calories. My only complaint is that it wasn't a particularly clean place.
This place is overflowing with energy and has a really cool local atmosphere.  If you're more Lonely Planet than Frommers, you should check it out.  We went there two days in a row during our visit to the beach (thanks Yelp for guiding us).  Most of the breakfast patrons are obviously regulars on their way to work, so you feel like a regular yourself when you grab a table.  If you want someplace fancy or touristy-oriented for the family, this is not your place - rather go out on Ocean Blvd and grab one of the $4.99 breakfast specials.   We didn't seem to find a menu anywhere, so we sort of studied what people around us were having and went with that.  So, in case you're in our situation: the cafe con leche (cafe' latte) was extremely good, made fresh from a high-quality italian espresso machine with a lot of steamed milk.  And the egg, cheese and ham sandwich was also really tasty.  Nothing fancy about the sandwich besides the good baguette, but a very tasty breakfast all the same.  But we especially enjoyed the fresh squeezed juices.  We had fresh grapefruit both mornings, but we noticed that they also make carrot juice mixes, and have a sugar cane juice press.  And we noticed that a lot of the regulars seem to come in for coffee and a tostada (toasted bread and butter).
Really enjoyed this place. Parking is a pain.
Great locals' spot to pick up some café and an empanada in the morning.
Best cafe con leche. Great service. Lunch portions are huge for your buck. I love this place. Such a good, clean, friendly neighborhood cuban place to go. I'll always come back here.
Great local spot, homemade with heart and inexpensive, excellent portions.  We had the pulled pork, moist and flavorful, awhile the plantains were awesome.  Also had a ham & cheese empanada and a super cup of coffee.  Will be back this summer and looking forward to it.
First time in Miami!  And of course we had to look up some good eats.  Our hotel was about two blocks from this place.  Also, Anthony Bourdain recommended this place!  Anyway, it was the best place to eat!  It was cheap (about $8-$9) per plate.  I got pork with rice and beans.  My husband got the chicken with rice and beans and both came with yummy plaintains!  My fav!!!  It was so good we went back the next day and got something else with beef in it!  I must say the plate was huge!!  Very delicious, very authentic, and regretted not coming for the cuban sandwich in the morning because I couldn't get up.  MUST TRY!
No menu. Barely any seating. Cuban sandwich was decent, im cuban, I've had better . Empanadas looked good.
Favorite spot for a casual meal in South Beach. Would recommend the Cuban sandwich and sweet plantains. Both indoor and outdoor seating available.
I recently visited las olas, based on the reviews for their famous cuban sandwich. Yelpers did not steer me wrong. it was great! I think what made the sandwich was the warm, crusty bread, and the gooey swiss cheese. VERY GOOD sandwich!
This place is a hidden neighborhood gem. Amazingly friendly staff and fantastic food. Empanadas are always good as is the coffee. The sandwiches make a perfect power breakfast.
Cuban sandwich is so good here!  The cafe con leche is also good as well.  It was so close to our hotel and we found it too late so only had it once.  We only had the cuban and the cafe con leche but both were good.  Seems like a local hang out too since there were alot of folks there at lunch.  Only thing is the service is a bit slow so just plan ahead!
LATIN comfort food at its best.  Every time I get a craving for my latin cuisine I come here and i'm never disappointed.  The lunches, empanadas and cuban coffee are all on point.
A friend and myself were searching for local food, when we happened across this diner on Saturday afternoon.   It was packed with locals (mostly all Cuban or Hispanic) and the atmosphere was home-grown, with working people, neighborhoody types and the local police.   All the food portions were substantial, reasonably priced and the diner and cooking area were completely visible and very clean for a little diner corner spot.   They had a walk-up counter and outdoor space and great and cheap cafe cubano, etc.    We had the Cuban sandwich, Chicken Empanadas (fantastic!) and breaded pounded chicken with spanish rice.  We also had fresh grapefruit and sugar cane juice.   The ladies manning the coffee machine and registers were delightful and this was a true highlight of our trip.   This is a great little joint off the beaten path for every meal of the day.
Love finding places like this to appreciate the city and its unique offerings.  Needed a quick meal without giving up too much in quality. Was very good.  Portions were very big. Had the roast pork, pork chops and beef empanadas. Yum yum!
Frugal dining but great quality. Latin food here is yummy..
What a great little find in the heart of South Beach! Las Olas serves up super affordable, well-portioned, no-frills Cuban style breakfast sandwiches and empanadas that are oh-so-good for mid-morning cravings. Plus, they make some mean Cafe De Leches, perfect for your pit-stop before hitting the beach!
I love the morning rush here.  People roll up, get their coffee, have a quick chat and they're on their way.  The staff are insanely competent. The coffee is unassuming and perfect.  The sandwiches are very nice as well.  Go!
I stopped in after reading rave reviews from Miami New Times restaurant guide, and ordered what they dubbed the best Cuban in Miami.  As a huge fan of Cuban sandwiches, I was disappointed by what I received.  The ham was extremely fatty, the pork was dry, far too much butter and there were not enough pickles.  While I would not venture there for the sandwich again, they did an excellent job making sure the sandwich was heated the whole way through, and portion was quite the bang for my buck ($4.83). Winter 2008
Really good oxtail.......... and the rice goes well with it.... and for what 8-9 dollars?? What a steal.
This place is a small latin cafe on  SOBE. Fast, clean, cheap, yummy and they serve tons of food. Great for breakfast and lunch. I def. recommend this place!
Finally was able to get a few empanadas!  This was my 3rd trip to Miami and I just missed them last time because they close at 8 PM.  My friends have raved about the empanadas so I know I was in for a treat.  $2 each will get you a hot, decent sized empanada in your choice of beef, chicken or spinach.  I tried the chicken and it was delish!  They also had a full line of Cuban cuisine which looked good.  Remember that they are cash only, but they do have an ATM just in case (I forgot!).  Use of Espanol might help too.  The lady behind me kindly translated what I wanted done with my to go.  :)
Amazing and authentic Cuban food! It seems to stay busy in there so be patient, its sooo worth it! The empanadas are delicious and so are the sandwiches! They have fried yucca and tostones plus a variety of other things to choose from. Just would like to have see an actual menu to help with the ordering, otherwise, great experience!
Soooo glad I found this place.  This is not typical South Beach, where tips r built into your bill- the age old norm here.  Yes, you do have to eat with styrofoam and plastic, but I still give it 5 stars because of the quality of the food, the amazing service and the really, really good prices.  This is New York style food and service that you just don't find in South Beach and I love it.
I love this place!!!  Awesome Cuban food and the price is cheap!  They recently remodeled the place.  Its pretty much the same but with some fresh paint and new outside covering.  The staff is awesome!  Ive been going here for the past 6 months, and they remember my face and know how I like my cafe con leche.  Awesome neighboorhood Cuban...highly recommend!!!
Cheap good local cafeteria. South beach staple. They have no menu so you either order from the pre-cooked food (rice, beans, meats, viandas) or you gotta kinda know your Cuban food. Also cash only. Fresh squeezed juices are awesome !
Las Olas Cafe typifies your typical latin restaurant in miami.  Open air window where u can order coffee, fresh juice, or anything else on the menu for that matter.  food has a home cooked taste and is really good.  i used to stop there for breakfast on a regular basis when i lived nearby.  my daily order included a cuban coffee, fresh grapefruit juice, and an egg white omlette. the omlette is not so latin, i know.  but delicious when served on cuban toast, nonetheless.  other great dishes there include the shredded beef, fried fish filet, and baked chicken.  the pastalitos and croquetas are awesome too.  best part is that the prices are totally cheap and u can stuff urself with an authentic latin meal for roughly $10-15, drinks, tax, and tip included.
Great little restaurant, with a takeout window if you're in a rush!  The empanadas rocked along with everything else I ate.  The fresh fruit/cane juice also ROCKED!
MUY DELICIOSO!! We had Cubans, beans, rice, and plantains(absolutely out of this world best I've ever had) and everything was A+! The ladies were great, very nice. Thank you las olas!
Fresh squeezed juice and the best empanadas I have ever tasted!
Great spirit and the second best Cuban coffee in South Beach
The portions were huge for the price.  This cafe is a local favorite and located in South Beach! Must try the empanadas
i walk there every morning from the mondrian...ok, i lied, i cab it..lol... dont know why you would eat breakfast anywhere else in south beach.. the coffee and bread are made in heaven. the chicken meatpie feels like it has a whole chicken stuffed in there... prices are good, the locals are there all the time. the natural orange juice = dope! i always feed my production crew from there for what ever i shoot in south beach. cant comment on food after breakfast cause i have not tried it. but if its for breakfast for $7 you will come out happy. and the service is fast and friendly.
The fish and pork w/ onions were great with the rice.
Best empanadas ever.  Chicken was the best and a delicious bargain.  If you stay in south beach it's a short walk over. The cuban coffee was a great way to wrap up the morning walk.
ok unlike davids cafe or puerto sagua lately .this place is actually good and cheap. i  feel this place needs a better rating great for a little cafecito on the street and good for lunch i`m not saying this is the best food on the planet but its a great value and my favorite cuban place on the beach it should have a better rating than the other cuban places on the beach
Another hole-in-the-wall, from the empanadas to the cafe con leche to the buffet selection of Cuban dishes, nice people and a great breakfast when you arrive in Miami.............
Delicious empanadas.  And very cheap.  We showed up almost at closing time and they were nice enough to serve us quickly.  The food is so good and cost hardly anything.  I will be back if I'm ever in the area again.
When your in South Beach Florida, please go to this Cafe.  I think it is the best joint to eat in south beach. Authentic food from Havana..Que Vola!! Simply the best Cuban food out side of Fidel's Cuba..Make sure you do not missed this joint while visiting South Beach. Forget those topless (awwwwwwwwwwwwwwooo) women at the beach go to Las Olas Cafe....and eat for breakfast and lunch only I think they are closed at dinner time.
Based on a Yelp email, we went there last night around 8:00 pm. I cannot testify about the food because they were closed. Had they been open we probably would have passed anyway. From the outside it looks like a dive. Perhaps we were expecting too much and perhaps this place is good for lunch on the go, I don't really know. But for dinner, there are plenty of nicer places to choose from in south beach.
Very friendly people . Good coffee at a normal price . Finally !!!!
Good meal for on the go, or if you want to have a seat 6 to 8 tables in the place. Looks like a lot of locals favor this place.
This is a great little hole in the wall that's frequented by locals, not tourists! That's how you know it's good. Everything is cheap, delicious and authentic. But not gourment or fancy. Definitely try their cuban sandwiches and empanadas. There's also a cafeteria style line where you point to the items you want and they load it up on a plate. You can get a mountain of food for pretty cheap! I ate here 3 days in a row.
the best cortaditos/cuban coffees in miami beach!
what i can say about this place, the best food the best prices, i work around here and every other day i go for breakfast or launch, fast service, simple 5 star rating.
This is a real gem!  Excellent food (empanadas, oh la la!), great service and food portions, and outstanding coffee! The people who work there are wonderful They treat you like a family of course when they're busy they are very professional. I went there 3 days in a row for breakfast.  Try their empanadas, bacon (big egg breakfast), toasty sub breads with butter, and fresh squeeze Orange juice! I will dream of this place till I die!
Great cuban sandwich. Great espresso.
first time i've tried cuban food. i love it!
bombtastic! check this local spot out! great foos grewat prices
When I go to Miami there are two places I always have to eat on South Beach: Zagat-rated La Sandwicherie & this place, Las Olas Cafe. The Cuban Sandwich here has set the bar for all Cubans I have tried thereafter. And honestly, it sets the bar too high. You get the real deal here, the perfect street sandwich. Paired with awesome platanos maduros & a Materva soda, this is my staple lunch whenever I manage to get some vacation time in Miami. I live in San Antonio and honestly the lack of at least one decent spot to get a real Cuban Sandwich has had me a little bummed out the last few months. But Christmas in Miami came just in time and I'm thrilled I got to eat here yesterday. Even though its chaotic here everything about it is excellent and authentic. And best thing is its this awesome gem tucked away in a huge tourist city. . . very affordable meals made right in front of you. Best thing was it took about 5 minutes for them to whip up 2 sandwiches yet they let us start digging in to our plantains and Materva before we even pulled out a single dollar. Laid back, sweet local spot that I highly recommend!
Great cafeteria style Cuban cafe.  Great food, not so great atmosphere- but I came for the food, so I was very happy!
it's indeed one of the best beef empanadas i've tried so far in Miami.   also like the sugar cane juice and ropa vieja.  hard to find parking and the place is small, so we always take out.
Cuban sandwich and iced coffee! CASH only. Street parking. We had a long layover and rented a car to drove to South Beach.  This was our first stop.  Portion is generous, but i wouldn't share! Take it to go. Just a note, it's not the same after its gone cold so eat after getting it!   Lines were a bit long but worth the wait.  Melted cheesy goodness over tender pieces of meat. Bread is perfectly pressed.  I love that they cut the sandwich lengthwise instead of in the middle and that they wrap them separately.  It makes or easy to eat and fits perfectly in your mouth workout being messy! Unwrap as you eat.  Best iced coffee ever!! Nice snd strong! I will definitely be returning whenever I'm in town!
This place made my weekend! I was showing the BF around my old stomping grounds in South Beach and wanted him to experience a simple every day Miami breakfast after an incredibly late night up ;) Cuban coffee + chicken empanada and a fresh fruit juice for the hangover = perfection! Both the watermelon and the sugar cane juices were incredibly fresh but I personally enjoy Vietnamese sugarcane juice just a bit more (the secret is a bit of citrus). I usually enjoy my coffee black but there is something about the sugar and milk that brings out the amazing flavor of the roast when it comes to cuban coffee for me and my BF was blown away. Yay, awesome simple cuban meal = Miami trip now complete (but wait it's only been 12 hours!!) These cheap empanadas and coffee's were lifesaving during those party hard/study hard beggar student days. There is no menu but they are friendly and efficient so please come check this place out! There are some small tables inside which were available when we came in but soon people were lurking and sweeping up seats as we finished our meal. Nothing I love more than these authentic mom and pop hole in the wall local spots
This food was just unreal. No menu, locals kind of place. The empanadas were just completely perfect. They have a lunch special which was about 5 or 6 dollars that comes with a meat of choice (chicken, beef, pork) then rice and some fried plantains. Everything was super fresh and very tasty. The lunch box is big enough for two to split if your not starving. I tried to finish it all myself and it was alot. Also they have fresh juices, we tried both the watermelon juice (ridiculous) and the fresh sugar cane juice (not as sweet as i thought which is good and it was tasty) All in all this place i think is a great place to stop if your over in that area.
Great spot for authentic cuban food! This place gets packed fast with limited seating. Most people come for pick-up. I had to get their Cubano sandwich which was well known around town. Yes it lived up to it's expectation. For $5-$6 you will get two long skinny subs that's about arm length. The bread is toasted and crunchy with every bite, the fresh deli meat and cheese all blends together, the spicy mustard gives it a short spicy bite with more flavor, pork was tender and buttery. All together this spot is a must try. I need to come back and have more! I did regret not getting enough of everything. I will come back for more!
Empanadas!!!!!! Fresh orange juice!!!! Sugar cane juice !!!!! Cuban espresso!!!! All above are total must haves. * Chicken empanadas are always fresh and not oily, try the ham and cheese one too. * Fresh OJ! 100% fresh, squeezed with pulp. * Cuban espresso is addictive! Sip it slow if you are caffeine sensitive.
Amazing place I was in sobe for 3days and I ate here twice. Go around lunch and rat with your eyes 1st the pork and plantaes were great. Next day grabbed a cuban and some fried chicken stuffed pockets of delish. Don't forget to grab a espresso they will wake you the !#@$ UP!!!
In South Beach and looking for some delish local Cuban fare? Then give this place a try. This became the choice for dinner because my cruise friends from Idaho really wanted to try some Cuban food while they were out East so I whipped out my yelp app and viola! This is one of those places that isn't much to look at but the food surprises you.  It is just off the beaten tourist path, maybe 5-6 blocks away from the beach but definitely within walking distance. It is not hard to find either. They didn't even give us a menu and when I inquired, the young lady behind the food counter smiled and nodded, then as she waived her hand over the selections as she said "We have Cuban food, yes". Lol...that didn't help but we were decided that we were going to eat there any way ~ there were only locals in here. For me, that usually is a silent promise of good things to come. A meat, rice and two sides is just under $9. Through the glass, the only items that were ready/visible  included roasted pork, pork chops, white rice, mashed potatoes, black beans, chick peas n potatoes and fried plantains. The tamales were extra. She told us that they also had sandwiches (of course!) and grilled chicken breasts.  As I was inquiring about the chicken the cook brought out two large pieces of fried fish - they said that it was whiting. Either way, I knew right then what I wanted: fish, rice, chick peas n potatoes with fried plantains. Delish! I wish that I knew more about the Cuban menu because we watched a few orders emerge from the kitchen that we wished that we knew what they were. Honestly people, there was enough food for two meals in my take away tray.  I recommend getting it to take away even if you stay because you probably won't finish it any way. Even after having her reduce my rice to half of what I saw her give others, I still only finished half of my food and regrettably had no room for dessert. Overall, I was pleased with the price, taste, amount of food that you receive and service. Whether you are on a budget or want to try something new/local, definitely check this place out. My entire meal was only about $9 and well worth it. There was a decent selection of desserts, unfortunately I was too full to get anything. If I had known that before we made it to my car, I would be giving my left overs to a man in the alley that told me that he was hungry, I would have gotten the full serving of rice. Initially, I thought that he may have been joking. I have no idea if he was homeless, but judging by how quickly he sat down and began eating, he was truthful about being hungry. #HungryinAmerica, so sad and disheartening. In the end, I wasn't the only one that enjoyed the food.
My BF and I liked this place so much, we had breakfast here 2 days in a row when we were staying in South Beach. We tried the Cuban sandwich, which wasn't bad, but what we really enjoyed was their coffee and their empanadas, especially their beef empanadas. So simple yet so delicious.
Was in Miami for a long layover and I rented a car for a few hours and took my kids to south beach but our first stop was this cafe and I am glad I made it a point to stop here because the food did not disappoint!  We had to order to go bc seating is so limited but the congri, maduros and lechon were on point and we ate at the beach - perfect. We ordered 3 cubanos to go to eat when we got to our final destination and they were so yummy even cold!! Definitely would stop there again :)
Busy place great price good food! I enjoyed this place and the locals just love it. I had the combo plate with the roasted pork, it was very good. Different I'm not use to Cuban food and wanted tortillas.
Delicious! What else can you say other then amazing? The reviews don't lie. Facts are facts. This place is low key better then a lot of restaurants that I have been spending a lot more money on yet the quality of the food here is great!
One of best Cubans I've had, cuban coffee and fresh juices too, no frills kinda place, just good affordable food. Cash only though
I found about this place on a travel channel or food network show.   Some of the best Cuban food I have ever had. There are usually locals eating here instead of tourists, but I would recommend this for tourists.   This is another place I try to have lunch at every time I vacation in Miami Beach. A lot of the food is on a steam table type set up.   I love the Cuban sandwich Only thing I don't like is they are cash only
Great place to swing in for a cup of Cuban Expresso. Lots of locals so you know the food is good. Give this place a shot.
The food was amazing. The place only had a few seats so we couldn't sit down and eat but it was already in a takeout box so we just took it back to the hotel lobby and ate. The staff there seemed quite busy but still managed to help us choose the best. The price was really reasonable for the amount they give you too. A box comes with 1 meat and 2 sides and it's only $8.96 tax included. I got the beef stew for my meat, yellow rice and steamed veggies for the sides. They were delicious I wish I could go back for more. They also served cane juice freshly squeezed and that was by far the best part of the meal.  It complimented the heavy dish so well with the light juice. If you're looking for a place with good cubin food that's not expensive this is the place to go! You won't be disappointed I promise. I would definitely recommend this place and come back here again.
LOVE Las Olas... I do, locals do, tourists do... This is ALWAYS my first stop whenever I'm in town.  Cheap AMAZING eats.   +Menu-  What menu?  Don't let the lack of menu stop you.  Talk to anyone, look at pics, just point, order EVERYTHING.  Don't be shy.  ;o) What I love:       -Cuban Sandwich     -Steak Sandwich     -Fresh Juices (Tangerine, Grapefruit, Orange, Sugar Cane)     -Cafe con Leche... I dream of Cuban coffee     -Breakfast.  Yep, they serve breakfast.  A typical breakfast is eggs, fries, with bread.         They serve other options.  If you don't care of something just tell them.        -Empanadas  :::MY FAVORITE PLACE::: (Chicken, Beef, Spinach, Ham and Cheese)      -Sweets-- TRY them (Alfajores, Tres Leches, Flan, pastels de frutas)      -The Buffet-- It's $7 for a protein, two sides, check out the Yelp pics.  It's a LOT of        food. The fact that this place is ALWAYS packed speaks for itself. If I were a local, this would be my version of a kitchen.   Cash ONLY.  Do worries, they have an ATM.
ANNOINTED BY ANTHONY BOURDAIN It's a sliver corner restaurant surrounded by low rise art deco era apartments. A local's favorite hot spot for coffee, Cuban sandwiches or a splendidly affordable hot Cubano meal. In the mornings, west wall provides shade for the standing coffee drinkers and smokers. While inside without a/c there's a mass of patrons in cue to order sandwiches, empanadas, coffee, or pay for their meals. No menus to guide you. Go to the dishout counter and point to your choice of meat or seafood. Thereafter cue up in front of the store to pay. CAVEAT EMPTOR seating is a pod of nine two top tables. No table service. Be nice and clean off your table before leaving it. Eat and and enjoy. It's not a venue to homestead your table or read the bio of Fidel. Wonderful affordable Cubano FOOD especially for Miami Beach. Here at least once a month.
Great media noche and very very good spinach empanadas...but way over priced for what it is... Ambiance was what it is...young lost and confused hipsters from south beach but what else would you expect...come here for the window ordering experience...dive right in and enjoy very good food. 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price...walk on over here from the beach!
Wow...if you want authentic this is the place!  Walking on the beach too early I decided I needed Cuban coffee. The line was around the corner which could only mean one thing! Cortadito was incredible as were the beef empanadas and cheese and guava pastillo yum!  Do not leave without trying the fresh juice...watermelon was my favorite.  Cash only but 3 drinks and 3 pastries all for $12!!!! I will never pass thru Miami again without stopping here YUM
As I type this, I'm salivating. My boyfriend and I were on vacation in Miami recently. I was told by a friend that Las Olas was a great place for Cuban food. We decided to quickly grab lunch while the midday thunderstorm occurred. When we arrived, there were no seats. It's a small place, and I already expected it to be packed, so I wasn't phased by the lack of space. All I cared about were the aromas coming from this tiny shop. It was divine. We grabbed two lunch platters - one with lechon and the other with carne con papas. Both with plantains and arroz congri. We ran back to our car and devoured every morsel. Everything was amazing!!! I'm marking this one as a favorite for the next time we're back in Miami.
Sweet little spot that isn't on the main strip but walkable distance from the beach. The Cuban sandwiches were delicious. Very affordable. My husband and I could of shared one sandwich but we each got our own. Next time we'll go for one because we walked out of there stuffed! Cash only! Enjoy!
Amazing lunch box specials. I had the chicken and rice! Yummmmm! I'm giving it 4 star because the Cuban sandwich my hubby ordered took forever! It was good but not worth the wait. Otherwise, great prices, great staff. No AC
Empanadas and fresh juice! What I had: I had the Spinach and Cheese Opinion: a delicious snack to have on the go, cheese was nice and stringy like mozzarella and the spinach is nicely diced. The pastry is really tasty and crumbly on the edges like a shortbread
Wow.  Just go.   Only weird thing is there is no menu to be seen anywhere.  You just point at what you want like a cafeteria.  Wife had the Cuban sandwich and she liked it.  I had a plate of rice with this tender beef with onions.  And some plantains too.  Iced coffee and a Mexican soda all for about $18.  Excellent value, great food, nice staff.  Could use a bit larger tables but that's about it!
What a wonderful discovery among all the tourist restaurants in South Beach. The staff was great and the food was as authentic as any. Empinadas were wonderful, Cuban Sandwich was very fresh with great bread. You have to find this place but it's worth it. Wish I could have tried breakfast there, I hear there's a line out the door at 7:00 AM
Las Olas will do the trick in a pinch, but it isn't more than local fast food that's been sitting in warming trays (behind a glass case along the line where you order).  The tamales are awful, all masa with little to no filling.  Picadillo was mediocre as was the boiled yuca, but the fried pork was excellent as were the moros.  Prices seemed high ($25 for 2 combo platters and a tamal) but the portions were big.
This place is a solid Latin spot in Sobe where you can get a ton of good food for a great price. I have had the empanadas and enjoyed them. I tried the ropa vieja and was not impressed, it jusy lacked a great flavor. The fried fish was huge and delicious. It had a greeat fry, coating and was a thick juicy peice of white fish.I  did not care for the grilled veggies, a tad bland and the rice and beans were mediocre too. Solid cafecitos.
Yes, they are the best empanadas you'll ever eat in your life. Get the beef. Rice and beans were good and the portions are crazy for the price. Cafe con leche was amazing. It is a bit difficult if you don't speak Spanish. I wish they would have a printed-out menu or paper menus so you can see what the dishes are and what comes as sides. A must-stop in South Beach!
Excellent food and friendly service. No menus but the staff helps with this though they only speak Spanish. The food was amazing! I had pork and rice... pork was tender and juicy and the rice was delicious! My husband had a Cuban sandwich and also loved it. Excellent portions! Oh, and cash only!!! I would definitely go again the next time I visit South Beach.
Yummmmmy food, you get a huge plate of whatever you can fit on it for about $8.  The chicken is so good, so soft and well marinated! The cuban espresso! is only $1.50! Get it with milk and it is perfecto! The cafe is small and the parking is all street, but definitely try it!
The place is a little hectic and off the beaten path a bit, but the food made it well worth it.  Also, as an indicator of popularity the place was beefing with take out business from locals/regulars. I went after a day at the beach and had a Cuban sandwich and beef empanadas. The bread on the sandwiches was crisp on the outside but chewy on the inside and the ham and pork were both excellent. The empanadas were fresh and delicious as well. Also, compared to other sobe destinations the price was very reasonable, however be warned that it is cash only.   I would definitely go back.
Fresh pressed OJ was delicious. Cuban coffee (sweet espresso style) was delicious -- better than another place I tried. I usually don't take sugar with my coffee or espresso but here it matches well. Spinach and cheese empanadas was delicious!  I usually don't eat or like fried food in the morning (or much at all) but this was worth it and not too heavy. Place had a rush of local police, locals, and me the tourist
I'm not a local and I'm Asian so maybe that about sums it up? Basically awful service since I don't speak Spanish. But also not impressed with the empanadas which were greasy and salty. Although I did realize I prefer Argentinian (baked) so I admit I'm biased. The rest of our food was mediocre.
Hands down, the best food in Miami. At least judging by what I ate while I was there. The boyfriend and I actually ate here 5 out of the 7 days we were in town, and not just because it was a block away from our hotel. We would have walked anywhere for this food. We even brought some home to Chicago with us, that's how much we loved it. The Cuban sandwich -- one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. I could eat that sandwich every day. I almost did for a whole week. Every single ingredient they use in it is perfect. Especially that pork. Oh god, that pork. The first day we got to town, we had the takeout lunch special for $8.99, and that was our first taste of the pork (lechon). After that, we were hooked. We had it with the black beans and rice, and plantains. It was so damn good. And so much food! $4.50 per person for lunch and we couldn't even finish the whole container. Well worth it. We went right before we left and brought a container home with us, along with some sandwiches. We also had empenadas for breakfast one day, with a cortadito (strong espresso with sugar). So so so good. Everything they make is amazing. I wanted to eat everything. I would go back to Miami just to eat here again. Oh, and I'm totally hooked on Inca Kola now. I don't drink pop normally, but I had one every time we got food from Las Olas. I miss it already.... :'(
Eeeeeeeeeeeee. 1st think I Yelped when I was in Miami was "cortadito," which is Cuban coffee. People are either going to hate me or love me for saying this but, I only wanted to try this because of the Kardashians show and their endless search for this coffee. I love this show....complete guilty pleasure! Alas, we arrived at 6am and restaurant choices are scarce. We walked a few blocks from our hotel and found this gem. Ordered cortadito with sugar and immediately fell in love with its foam, strong coffee, and small portion. Reminds me of my double shot of espresso that I order from Sbux all the time. Lady was great in laughing at our excitement for this coffee. And there was a take-out window right. How awesome is that!
Los Olas Cafe was my last meal in Miami and it was the best. I would give 10 stars for the entire experience. Packed with locals, barely speak English, no menus and no cash. Cuban sandwich is big enough for 2 people to share. I went with the BF and this is what we ordered: 2 Cuban sandwiches yellow rice with chicken empanada black beans and rice with spinach and cheese empanada 2 Cuban coffees All of this food was less than $20.00 and the portions are huge. We were stuffed. Of course there is no parking lot but they do have limited street parking. They have a few tables inside and a window for outside ordering. If you go at lunch time like I did, it will be packed. But they are fast and have a good system going. Do not miss this place!
This was my favorite little spot when I was living on South Beach. It's affordable (cash only), authentic and delicious.  They make the best pan con bistec, and shakes.  I like the trigo shake (wheat) but the fruit ones are also delicious. They also have Cuban coffee and tons of food options, as in complete meals not just sandwiches.  Seating is tough to come by so you may want to take it to go and wander down to the beach for a picnic. Miami Beach is soooo touristy, this place is popular with locals and will give you a more authentic Miami experience.  Also, great prices for South Beach. Highly recommended!
Cheap eats but not all good. We had: Chicken empanada (fat little sucker!  full of tasty meat) Cuban sandwich (huge let down.  Dry, unseasoned, just bad) - VERY disappointed :( Mahi Mahi with rice and beans and maduros (soooo good) I braced myself when I walked in but the staff spoke English, very fluent English.  (awesome!!) The store was clean and the food was freshly made.   Street parking is sketchy but totally attainable.   TIP:  right above the hot food display there are three bins of hot sauce and salsa on ice.  Grab a few disposable cups on the side and fill up.  Good stuff!
This food was delicious! I ordered from the buffet. The portions are huge for the amount they charge. The place itself is small, we went during lunch and it was hard to find somewhere to sit (no outdoor seating). The employees are very helpful and friendly! They all speak spanish. Also, they do not take debit/credit so bring cash! Wish I could go back, this place is a must next time I'm in town! *Large portions, authentic food, low price, friendly staff!*
Small walk up restaurant with great cubanos and empanadas. Worth the drive from Ft Lauderdale!
Beef and chicken empanadas were great. The walk up window is a nice convenience though it could move faster, though this is the beach so maybe I should scratch that comment.
What a cool little place to get lunch! Delicious black beans and rice and maduros! Very friendly staff who patiently tried to understand my horrible Spanish. As a vacationer in South Beach, Las Olas let me eat lunch with local Miami Beach people for the first time--most places I went only/mainly seemed to contain tourists. Very affordable.
My husband and I were looking for an authentic cuban sandwich, and damn did we hit gold here! Cuban sandwiches were spot on! My husband had to run in and get take out because we couldn't find parking he was there long enough to see the fresh fish just being taken out of the fryer and ready to make into a sandwich (he's vowed to come back to Miami just for the sandwich lol) I ordered an ice coffee and it definitely woke me up! This place is great, can't wait to try other options!
The place we attempted to go for lunch had a power outage so Yelp led us to Las Olas. We were super confused when we came in, but luckily one of the lunchtime regulars guided us through it. We came RIGHT in the middle of the workday lunch hour (we were on vacation so we didn't even know what day of the week it was), so there was a bit of a line but it gave us time to look at all the options in the hot case (there is no menu that I could see, you basically just point at shit and the lady scoops it up and boxes it for you). There were several different types of rice, pork and beef dishes, chicken, HUGE filets of fried fish, tamales, empanadas, plantains/maduros, and several other Cuban meat dishes. I wasn't feeling that hungry, so I went with a couple of tamales and a side of maduros...my total was like $6.00 for that and a drink, and it was a pretty good amount of food. My sister got the fried fish and it came with two sides (she got some kind of rice and mashed potatoes). The tamales weren't great...they were corn and I think chicken or pork, but they were WAY under-seasoned, cooked perfectly at least. The maduros were whatever...not memorable. My sister's fish was delicious with a little lemon...it was just very simple, crispy and good. The rice and potatoes were just what you would expect, nothing spectacular. She also got one of the guava pastries which was probably the best thing we had from here. You can order at the window outside or wait in line inside, either way the whole process was pretty quick even with a line...there are 6 or so tables inside and 3 or 4 outside. I could see coming here every so often if I worked in the area, but as a visitor/tourist, I wouldn't remember this place as somewhere I'd need to return to.
Can't believe I haven't written about Las Olas. I'm here at least 3 times a week. There is no menu here and there's still a lot of things I have not tried here. The chicken empanadas are so good! They also have ham and cheese, beef and spinach and cheese. The guava and cheese pastries are a must! They are always warm and tasty! I usually come for coffee and get cafe con leche or get a colada to go and mix it with ice and milk at home. I think it's $1.50 for coffee which is great! I'm in love with this place @_@
GET THE CUBAN COFFEE!!!! i also really liked their fresh squeezed grapefruit juice okay so when you go in, there's no menu and no labels to tell you what is what. you get a plate and its $8.50 and you get a meat and 2 sides. literally get any chicken pork steak or fried fish and you'll be fine. side dishes do the black bean rice for sure and whatever else your feeling cause by then your dish is already complete. PORTIONS ARE HUGE but don't share cause you wont want to i thought the empanadas were good but... Go-Go Fresh Food Cafe were better ANYWAYS EAT FAST BE CURTIOUS TO OTHERS TO SIT and if you see the coconut guy with the shopping cart you should totally get one for $2 and work on your tan at the beach
A couple blocks from the hustle and bustle, ritzy glitz of Collins Avenue Las Olas Cafe welcomes you en español por favor with the most delicious cafe con leche in the area. ::::disclaimer: this is a totally unfounded claim, since I only spent a few days in SoBe and don't even try to pretend that I know what I am talking about. Still, it's damn good cafe con leche::::::: I decided that I wanted to get away from my fellow tourists for breakfast (I am crabby before my caffeine intake, what can I say) and my Yelp app screamed "Los Olas" for cheap, no fuss breakfast. It was perfect. And super crowded, which is always a good sign. These ladies behind the counter don't mess around. They take orders, strike a conversation, prepare coffee, grab pastries and sell like it's no one else business. I was dizzy just looking at them. And if your Spanish is hesitant, tough luck. Be ready for some full-speed dialog or move over. There's no menu anywhere, at least, we couldn't find any, which makes things a bit confusing. Since our Spanish was not at the top of its game (AND it was morning BEFORE coffee), we chose the easy route and order empanadas (chicken and beeef) and a guava pastry. Everything was super tasty, and ready to be devoured under 5 minutes. We sat inside to enjoy the show but there are also a few tables outside if you wish. Most customers just do take out, and it won't be too crowded once you placed your order. A nice surprise.
Huge plate of food for a little over $7!! I got a plate of rice w/ beans, four huge meatballs, plantains, and a side of black beans all for about $9. It was the best $9 I spent in Miami. I took my huge lunch to the beach and ate everything til the last grain of rice. It was so delicious, even when it got cold. I should've ordered some empanadas, but I figured it would get soggy, so I didn't get any. I totally regret it now because this place rocked.
This place is so cool. Tucked away on the corner such a random location we stopped in to grab some lunch. The decor is like a cafeteria. They have so much authentic Cuban food premade to choose from. The chicken and pork looked so good. When I saw the plates from other customers get filled up woah, I was like for lunch no way!!! The plates are ginormous! Enough food for three people. I love me a good Cuban sandwich so that is exactly what I ordered with yummy fries. It did take an excessively long time to come out but it was worth the wait. And of course it was huge, had to take half home. It was grilled to perfection. Hubby ordered a beef dish with rice and beans. I tried it and all I can say is this place makes some delicious food and the prices are very reasonable. Most plates are under $10 and the portions are out of control. They serve breakfast also. I must check them out for breakfast. They only accept cash but they do have an ATM machine inside. Not many tables so you might have to wait for guest to finish. So glad we stopped in. Service was fine.   Great reasonable place on the beach especially if you are really hungry. This will be my new place for good authentic Cuban food with so many dishes to choose from. It reminded me of Palacios De Jugo's, but closer to my vicinity. Yay, you are delish!!!
The food tastes good and they gave a lot of meat for the portion. Quite interesting to try eating a cuban cuisine where i get to eat fried banana with fried rice for thefirst time.
Las Olas is one of those places that gets four stars for authenticity and deliciousness, not ambiance or service. I usually go for a cuban sandwich or media noche. Pan con bistec is great as well. For those looking for a full meal, they also serve Cuban staples such as rice and beans, vaca frita, and picadillo, cafeteria style. Don't forget your fresh squeezed OJ and cafe con leche! What really makes Las Olas stand out is the price. It is so cheap! Don't be fooled by David's or Puerto Sagua. This is the real deal. Don't expect to make a late-night jaunt here, though. They close early in the evening but do a lot of business early in the morning. Bottom Line: Best Cuban food on the beach.
Local spot in S. Beach.  I always see a small crowd of people hanging out over there.  So when I was in the neighborhood, I finally stopped in to give it a shot. I wasn't that hungry so I just had a cortadito, a couple of croquetas, and an empanada. They've got other heartier stuff like Cuban sandwiches too.  If you need a quick and easy cheap fill on local eats, Las Olas will fit the bill.
Made my way to Las Olas Cafe for them empanadas everyone was talking about.  More of a hole in the wall joint compared to Puerto Sagua.  There are couple of tables outside and limited seating inside also.  This is definitely a place where locals would come to since it is off the touristey area. Ordered the chicken... I actually thought it was kind of dry.. not as good as marrying it like a yelper mentioned. I've had better... :/ Next time I'll try out more of their plates and cuban sandwiches too!
Loved the Spinach empanada! My sister in law loved the chicken empanada. The plantains were really good too. The chicken and beef were just ok. We were able to toast the Cubano sandwiches and they tasted better the next day. It's a simple take out place where we got food for 8 people at $67!! Great comfort food!
3.5 Stars Cuban sandwich is good for what it is - still not much of a fan. Best in Miami though? Doubt it, but it's like trying to figure out which fast food chain burger serves up the best. In this case, it might as well be against Latin American Cafeteria. I still much rather eat the deconstructed Cuban at Bin No. 18. The empanadas were good, without having too much bread like in some other Cuban bakeries. On the other hand: it's cheap and clean here, with friendly staff. I wouldn't mind coming back to try some other offerings. I probably would come here if I wanted a quick Cuban fix on the Beach from now on. Limited offerings, just order what you see and carry enough cash since there's really no menu with prices to look at. At least, it's really tough to empty your wallet here (unless if you eat more than you should.)
Cheese empanadas and freshly chopped fruits are great options for vegetarians in this traditional Cuban Cafe. Service is very friendly and the crowd interesting.
The best food in Miami my brother used  to take us there all the time best coffee and empanada s in the world when I hit Florida it's always my first stop it's a land mark !!!!! Latino heaven!!!!!!Steve and Paula favorite place !!!!!
I tried empanadas de pollo, sopa de pollo, Cubano sandwich and cafe con leche. Empanada was really good as the chicken was flavorful and somewhat juicy. Cafe con leche could have been better while the sopa was so-so. But definitely a cheap pans decent place to eat!
Dear Dave G. where do I get a Cuban Sandwich in Miami?  Signed - Gringo Foodie Tourist. Dear Gringo Foodie Tourist, Las Olas Cafe is the answer.  Of course it's not the only great Cuban Sandwich, but many consider it to be the best and I for sure can't argue. Don't let the word Cafe get you confused with umbrella covered tables in a relaxed atmosphere.  This is a true hole in the wall, quickly order at the counter, and preferably in Spanish.  Although it's only a few blocks from the beach, don't expect this place to slow down for tourists and explain everything to them.  There's no menu, just go up to the counter and tell them what you want.  There are some hot dishes such as Pollo and Lechon Asado, black beans and rice, picadillo, etc....  The usual cuban staples.  But we were here for their famous Cuban Sandwich.  So we got one of those, a steak sandwich with the works, 3 of their empanadas, some plantains, and some amazing cuban coffee. Much Spanish is spoken here, so you may feel a little out of place, but a nice lady who understood my english well enough handled my order and kept referring to me as Guapo.  I'll take it as complement as she did it with a friendly smile on her face to try to make me feel welcome.   The first thing I noticed was how they sliced the cuban, in half like you would expect but then each half was sliced lengthwise.  Makes it very easy to share that way and gives you a nice cut away view of the ham, roast pork, swiss cheese, pickles, and mustard.  yelp.com/biz_photos/las-… The bread was perfectly pressed so it was crisp on the outside and the cheese was perfectly melted.  Also of notice was the mustard next to the pickles.  The two flavors mesh well together and become one.  It is a great Cuban Sandwich.  yelp.com/biz_photos/las-… The Steak Sandwich was also pressed nicely on the cuban bread.  The steak is pounded flat, well seasoned and fried up in a pan along with some onions.  Topped with lettuce, tomato, and crispy shoestring potato chips.  They have some condiments available, so I added some mayo being the gringo that I am.  yelp.com/biz_photos/las-… The empanadas were also good.  We tried the beef, the spinach and cheese, and ham and cheese.  The pastry was nice and flakey with savory fillings, I'm not sure which I liked best, perhaps the ham and cheese. Do not leave here without getting the Cafe Cubano.  This is rocket fuel that you drink out of little thimble cups for your own protection.  I promise you will start moving faster and the rest of the world seems slower after doing a couple of these shots.  It's like legal cocaine..."What do you want to do, I don't know we gotta do something, let's paint a house, or maybe build a car, ok we should do that."  It's served black but highly sweetened as the sugar is added at the same time the coffee is pressed.  They give you about 5 or 6 shots worth in a styrofoam cup, it's meant for sharing which is why they give you the thimble cups to pour.  When I used to perform with my jazz group on South Beach years ago, we'd always find some cafe cubano to shoot up with on break.  Everyone in the band had to do it, that way on the next set if we were rushing the tempo, at least we were doing it all together.  yelp.com/biz_photos/las-…
$2 each for the best empanadas i've ever had! The empanadas here are made very fresh, since it sells so quickly! I only got to try the chicken empanada because i was too full from dinner. If i'm ever back in Miami beach, I'll be sure to hit this place up again!
Great cuban sandwich. The bread was pressed so perfectly! This was my first meal in Miami after a long flight that only had crappy airline food. So I ate with my eyes and got the meat + 3 sides combo. That combo and a bottle of water came out to be less than $10. It was a ton of food. My 2 pork chops were smothered in onions and was very tangy. Great fried plantains and loved the fluffy rice with my black beans. It was a bit difficult to order since they don't have a menu, so we had to ask how the ordering worked. Luckily, everything was laid out cafeteria style, so I could just point. There's very little seating and this place is packed even at 4pm in the afternoon.
Took out of towners yesterday for an authentic quick fix of cortaditos (small, sweet Cuban coffee with milk), Cuban sandwiches and beef empanadas after an afternoon on the beach. This place isn't fancy but it's great for what it is.
I live close to Las Olas and it is constantly busy with people. Although I think the dishes are good lately they seem to be losing their touch. The other day I walked in and the place reeked like a damp dirty rag. To me it's a place to grab something quick and go. Preferably croquetas.
This place is a hole in the wall kinda place right off the street. Had a little walk up window if you want to make a quick stop for some Cuban coffee or fresh sugar cane juice. We had croquette, beef empanada, a cuban sandwich, Cuban coffee and fresh sugar cane juice. For our first try at Cuban food, everything was really good. The coffee was nice and strong. Very flavorful. The sugar cane juice was indeed fresh. the one we got could have been colder since we were taking it on the beach with it but it was still good. Cuban sandwich was hot and crispy. Beef empanada was delicious. We will be coming back. Oh apparently pets are allowed because a guy came in with his bulldog.
Off top, I hate how small the business is. There's maybe 8 tables in there, 10 tops. Very hard to sit and enjoy your food in the small area with the steady business that they do have coming in and out. But once again I guess that's just your typical Miami cubano corner spot. The food was absolutely amazing on the other hand! Had the beef empanadas which was very tasty, should have had a second one. The croquette was good here as well, just that same Cuban taste all around. The main topper was the Cuban sandwich!!! Pure awesome!! Good size, was able to divide into fours for me and the wife. Not usually a mustard fan but on this Cuban sandwich, it brought the awesomeness right on out. Also got to have a cup of Cuban coffee and boy was it on point. Will definietly make it back
Best empanadas and cafe con leche in the area! I discovered this place last year when I visited south beach and had to make a stop after docking in Miami. Neighborhood isn't that great but it's located about two blocks from the beach. It's always busy and there's a takeout window if your on the go. I usually place my orders inside though. I didn't try their platters but love their empanadas. The chicken ones are my fav and the beef are okay too. Each are $2 each and are perfect to bring on the beach to munch on. The sugar cane drink was very refreshing and yes very sweet. At $4 it's a little pricey but it is worth it. I love their cafe con leches and wish I could find a place in ny that makes it the same way. Overall my fav empanadas place
Great cuban food! This is a hidden gem in miami beach. Every day they have different fresh food. They have daily specials. It is cuban comfort food for an affordable price. Never over priced and always great food. They serve a decent good amount of food for what you pay, so you get your bang for your buck. Cuban coffee is great as well! Missing one star because they dont deliver, it would be awesome if they did! I had rabo encendido (oxtail) on a thursday and i am very picky about eating oxtail, and it was delicious!! I was surprised they even served it and let alone taste great and meat was tender! They also have arroz con pollo (yellow rice and chicken), it is so good!
I came back before I left town and their steak sandwich and trigo shake is still one of the best. Outside seating was a terrible idea tho due to the 95 degree weather and no shade.
Cheap tasty Cuban food.  Nothing really stood out to me though.
NOTE: Cash ONLY. The sandwich has super salty ham on it mixed with bacon. The bread is toasted hard and I don't like hard bread.  It's super-hot in the restaurant with sitting table but it super crowded and they don't have space for tables in my opinion. I walked out of there with a sweaty shirt and forehead. You have people running into you the entire time you're trying to eat. The location is cool being close to the beach and other eateries and shops.  Sorry, I will not be going back unless I need a cup of coffee because that Cuban coffee is a beast. Beware I will put hair on your chest and back. The employees are nice and fast paced.
This place is unbelievable. The staff is beyond friendly. The food is always fresh and so tasty. Huge portions for little money. I eat here 5 times a week.
I now understand what real good Cuban food taste like. I got the lechon congri maduros which is basically a plate of slow roast pork with a garlicky sauce & a side of fried plantains and red rice & beans. Watermelon juice was excellent. Service was great. A little small place so you may want to take it to go, and no AC of what I could tell, so be prepared to sweat while you eat, but hey the food is more than worth it, plus where else can you get a workout in while you eat?
Great Cuban food and the amount of food they give you for the price is awesome!! Food is always fresh service is quick and servers very pleasant!!! Only bad thing is cash only no credit cards but they do have a cash machine in cafe just in case you don't have cash Definitely a place to eat if you're on a budget an like left overs since portions are so big!
Mmmmm.... Cuban heaven! The food is amazing great flavor! The lady their in Spanish told me they use good sazon!!! Seasoning in English yum!!! Great spot and local hang out!
No menu and limited speaking of English didn't deter me from here.  I had a grilled chicken breast which was really moist & tasty.   Rice black beans & plantains accompanied it. The plantains were absolutely delicious!  Although I don't like coffee I did taste my friends  and it wasn't bad.   I indulged in the carrot cake which was made the way I like it with cream cheese and nuts.   I think I liked their food better than Puerto Sagua.  FYI there is no menu like others have posted!
Best Cuban food on the beach. The empanadas are the best on south beach, the sandwiches are huge, and the juices are fresh. My go-to Cuban lunch for $10 or under every single time. The only problem with this place is sometimes it gets a little crowded, but wait your turn and you'll get served.
Delicious cafécitos and cafés con leches! Service is usually fast and friendly. This is a great Latin lunch spot when you're in a hurry, broke or hungover. The empanadas are yum. The baked chicken, fried fish, & chicken soup hit the spot....fresh squeezed sugar cane juice and OJ! Everything here is worth trying and it's soooo cheap!
Great staff, wonderful ladies, very flirtatious ... Oh... and the food is great! ... I am from Los Angeles and I will definitely eat here again when visiting Miami Beach..
We saw this restaurant on yelp and decided to give it a try on our recent vacation to Miami. We have never had Cuban food before so we didn't really know what to expect. The restaurant is small and not the nicest atmosphere but the food was amazing. I had a chicken dish with plantains and the person I was with had fried fish, rice, beans, and vegetables. We both fell in love with Cuban food. The portions were huge. My chicken was tender and the fish was juicy. It was a little hard to order because they didn't have a menu so we just basically got what looked good. I think anything there would be great though. Definitely a place to go for authentic Cuban food at a very reasonable price.
What a delight. I am from San Francisco. I didn't get to grow up amongst many Cuban  people. I thought I had a good sense of basic Espanol, but my vacation in Florida mainly Miami made me feel like a rookie. I guess the whole awe of actually being in the city instead of what I see on TV?  First time having a cuban and miami sandwich. It was good. reminds me of a panini but better... This cafe is fast pace. No menus or prices. Just a selection of food. You gotta hurry when you order. The lady workers are nice but if you dont speak a lick of Spanish/Portugese? then translation will be lost. We got 2 sandwiches and a empanada and fresh juices. Can't wait to come back and try it again and not be the rookie at that time. lol
Ate Sunday lunch here.  Was busy, small seating area because the city made them put away their patio furniture.  We had cuban sandwiches and drinks for the cooler.  $15 for both.  Sandwiches were excellent.  The ambiance is crowded family run deli. Excellent food and cheap for South Beach.
I got the Cuban sandwich, and it was quite good. The meat was very tender, but it didn't have a lot of flavor. Their salsas are good though, so I dumped a bunch of that into the sandwich. The sandwich bread is crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and they do not skimp on the meat. I also had a spinach and cheese empanada. It was quite good, but a bit on the oily side. I was very, very full after I ate this for lunch.
Don't forget your cash. No CC Accepted. No better Cortadito around. Wish I could find them back home like this. Every time I'm in Miami I make sure I pick some up
I went to Las Olas for breakfast to go and was not disappointed. As others have said, this place is a little rough around the edges, but the coffee alone is worth it. The cafe con leche is delicious, with just enough sweetness from the milk (no sugar needed). I tried both Las Olas and David's and this was better in my opinion. I also got an egg and bacon sandwich that was ridiculously huge and cheap. Additionally, I got a chicken empanada that was well seasoned, but could have been spicier. So, as you can imagine, I left the restaurant with enough food for 4 people. Regardless, I would return to Las Olas if I were in the South Beach area again (but I would order less food, ha!).
Stopped here for just a coffee, but everything looked great. Just a few steps off of the main drag, it's worth taking the time. Great, sweet coffee, and though we didn't try the cuban food, it did look very authentic. Would want to try again when I'm back in Miami Beach.
This place was highly recommended by the locals and on Yelp. After trying it, I am not that impressed. Maybe I am not a huge fan of Cuban food all together. Portion was definitely worth the price. I ordered the buttered sprawls (not sure what the actual name is), it was VERY buttery. The fried plantain that came w it was really good. I am usually not a fan of plantain but I really like how they prepared it. The lady who took our order was very friendly and helped us w any confusions. Empanadas was good as well. I ordered the beef and it was very juicy inside.
Coffee, breakfast pastries, and juices If you don't find yourself near a La Carretta or in the middle of Little Havana this place is a very good substitute.
Bomb empanadas and cafe con leche! Recommend the chicken (we also tried the beef, ham & cheese and spinach & cheese) empanada and getting the cafe com leche iced.  Your taste buds will thank you.
I'm sure there are plenty of people who can tell you why drinking a cafe con leche is some metabolic sin. It's caffeine, dairy, and sugar a trinity of dietary evil if there ever was one. Unfortunately, it's also been a staple in my life from the moment I could talk. Yes, I'm sorry, the reality is that my ears were pierced when I was a baby and I was introduced to caffeine as a child. Blame it on being Latin. Today, there are moments when only un cafe con leche clarito y bien dulce can fulfill a craving so bad that I start to understand the thirst usually reserved for vampires, werewolves, and pregnant women. Yesterday, when I felt the inklings of coffee lust I asked a friend where to go in the SoFi area. She suggested Las Olas and I'd already pulled it up on my Yelp app, 2-0, so it was settled. I smiled the moment I spotted the walk-up window. I stepped inside and Las Olas seemed lifted from the other side of the causeway. Their cafe con leche is familiar, comforting, sweet salvation, made-to-order perfection. So, where is the fifth star? -Sorry, I didn't like the Styrofoam Also, keep in mind their coffee is nuclear core melting temps hot. Be careful or spend the rest of the day with that burnt tongue sensation that usually indicates that yep, you burned your tongue. Keep in mind most crave-worthy treats involve an element of danger ;-)
Great Cuban sandwich, a little on the small side but delicious none the less. Perfect when you want to grab a bite but don't want to stray too far from the beach. The employees are nice but may not speak very much English but who cares food is a universal language. Only reason I docked a star was the empanadas, not the best in south beach.
This is a really great spot to get your Cuban fix in if you happened to miss it on the "mainland", and it also makes for wonderful hangover recovery food. I've got to admit, as I saw the locals loading up plate after plate of delicious looking meat and rice dishes (vegetables seemed rather passé here) I was quite envious of their choices. I was a bit hindered by the fact I didn't actually know what any of this (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…) stuff was, and considering the only real English anyone here spoke was in the form of currency transactions, I decided to give my already uneasy stomach a break for once and go the safe route. I couldn't leave Miami without having at least one Cuban sandwich, so that was an easy choice when I saw they offered them here (and read some other people praising it). To say it was the best Cuban style sandwich (yelp.com/biz_photos/Bn3U…) I've ever had would be a big leap, as I've had some great ones outside of Miami, so I'll simply state that this was the most "real" tasting Cuban I've eaten. It's kind of an intangible thing, but hopefully you get the gist, in that this sandwich tastes exactly like what you expect the genre to taste like, and that's a good thing. The bread is pressed quite nicely, although surprisingly thin, and the pickle+mustard combo is probably the best I've encountered anywhere. The only complaint I could come up with would be the quality of the pork products...they were good, no doubt, just not great. The fries here were pretty awful, so don't waste stomach space on them when you could just get another sandwich for a few dollars more. They do at least sell giant bottles of water for only $1, which is another really nice thing to have the "day after". Being cash only is a negative for me, but when you can come here daily and never spend more than $10 I guess it's rather meaningless in the scheme of things.
One of the last authentic Cuban restaurants in SoBe.  They have the tastiest chicken empanadas on the beach.  They're so good I can eat them straight up without hot sauce... and if you know me that says a lot.  REminds me of the other thing I LOVE about this place - it's the only spot I've ever been to that has CRYSTAL to go packets!!!   They also have a really cheap breakfast that's pretty darn good.  Only problem you may run into is finding a place to sit.   Just make sure you go there before noon because around lunch time it get's super packed.
