For now, a low key neighborhood gem; however, it's destined to become Coral Gables' next big thing. It's a cozy British gastropub with seats for seemingly no more than 50. We walked in Saturday evening and were told all the tables had been reserved, so took a seat at the bar. It was plenty big enough to hold all of our plates and I loved being able to peek into the small kitchen to see a bit of the behind-the-scenes action. The menu is small but everything sounded delicious. The chef is British (previously of nearby The Local) so you'll find eclectic fare that's unlike other restos in the area. Don't forget to take a look at the chalkboard with specials. We actually missed out on that but they probably would have just made our decision all the more difficult. Whenever I see bone marrow on a menu, l order it. This was some of the best I have had. The bone marrow was thick enough to cut through with a knife to savor every morsel of it. It was accompanied with Zak the Baker bread with some sesame seeds on top. I was in heaven. Before that, we were served complimentary Indian papadum with three dipping sauces. As we continued to eat through it, all the sauces blended together and it was great. Definitely beats bread and butter any day. For our mains, we tried the fish and chips and local Proper Sausages with potatoes. The piece of fish was huge, served piping hot and cooked perfectly. You really don't see fish and chips on very many menus around here and to be honest, I don't want to unless it tastes as good as this. The chips weren't thick but small, crispy and addicting. Now for the sausages, I have actually never had Proper Sausages so was eager to try! They were juicy, flavorful and the serving was plentiful (two) so I actually took one home for leftovers. We were too full for dessert but the options sounded heavenly (especially the bread pudding). With a full charcuterie menu, lunch options and more, you can bet I'll be back soon.
A friend invited us to try a "new gastropub in our hood." And it was a great local treasure that sits cozy on a Gables side street - away from the city lights! We sat at the bar and watched some folks line up outside all of which waited patiently for their turn at this gem of an eatery. The food was delicious, the service fabulous, and the local craft beer selection was great. Our group started with the charcuterrie with Zak's bread and the brocolli salad - awesome. I had the tomato soup that had a cheese ball as a crouton carefully dunked in the soup - absolutely delicious! For entrees, we ate the fish and chips and the special burger - perfect on both! The fish and chips were accompanied by smashed peas. They offer the malt vinegar or lemon slices which go perfect with the Corvina which was breaded not too thick, not greasy. We shared the bread pudding for dessert which was delectable and the toffy which I did not taste by my friend's son gobbled silently. They offer six craft beers on tap most of which are locals with some others in bottles and a very decent wine selection. One of the owners minds the bar and does so impeccably. A great find which, I hope, stays a secret for a little longer....
I don't want to write this review because it'll tip people on to frequent this untainted treasure but... I love this place! -the bone marrow is so effing good. It's big, it's gorgeous and goes PERFECT with Zak's bread. - their Fish n' chips unapologetically SNATCHED Churchill's wig and took a steaming dump on their new management's attempt to reinvent the wheel  (NA-NA-NA-NAAAA!) -it's dark and moody in here. -it's not crowded or annoying, unless you happen to catch the early bird diners yapping away and staring at your food like Neanderthals) If the food or environment changes I will curse the bar food gods for writing this review. Don't ruin our favorite little spot.
This place is amazing! I mean wow! Way way better than le cirque. The people and vibe is beautiful,warm, relaxing. Ask for Kaitland as your server she's the best. (Beautiful girl) the chef Andrew Gilbert is so friendly, I just can't get enough of this place! Oh and the beer! Most go.
Went here with my family on a Saturday evening. It's a small little bistro, on Minorca, away from the busier Miracle Mile. Small inside, so I wouldn't go with a big group without reservations. But it has a nice, comfy pub feel without feeling like a bar. For appetizers we all shared the following: - Duck jerky: this sounded so unique, I had to try it! It was tasty and chewy in a good way. -Tikka wings: Indian spiced wings with a good cucumber sauce. Could have been spicer, but a good pick - fried olives: a good accompaniment Entrees: -Fish and chips: I thought they did a great job! Not too breaded or oily and a nice size fillet. They also make their own fries which is great, too! Probably the best I've had in Miami. -Miami Seafood Chowder: tasty, but a small portion...order with something on the side. -Chicken Kiev: very tender and served with a nice cauliflower purée. Plenty of beer options and a decent wine selection, too. Worth checking out!
Great spot that was needed in the Gables. They have a small menu but everything we had was on point. We tried the bone marrow, they were cut lengthwise and went perfectly with the bread. We also ordered the fish and chips and I can fairly say they are up there with Churchills (before the new owners took over) and Ellwood's Pub. I will definitely be going back, maybe even tonight!
After living in the Gables for 10 years, eating out all the time and now living in the Shores, working in Wynwood and w a toddler, there is little I venture to the Gables for... until now. My husband is a huge lover of foie gras and when I heard from a co-worker that the Chef @ Seven DIals makes his own terrinne, we had to try it. To explain how amazing it was just 2 weeks later when  I asked my husband what he wanted for his bday, he said the foie from Seven Dials! and Yes, I ordered some, picked it up and gifted it to him. Rather than getting major brownie points, he was disappointed I hadn't ordered more! We've actually gone now 4 times in a bit over 1 month and can say we will continue coming back for more. His fried olives are a surprisingly simple yet memorable starter. Charcuterrie done right and with house pickled veggies to boot! The fish & chips were spot on. Crispy on the outside and flaky inside. The mushy peas were spectacular.  I'd actually come again for more of both. One of the biggest surprises for me was the Chicken Kiev. I DO NOT order chicken at restaurants, but a friend got it and after one bite, I wanted to come back and have my own. It was seriously the best chicken i've ever tasted. Perfectly seasoned and delightful. The service was friendly and attentive. My only complaint about the Seven DIals is that they dont have a Miami Shores or Midtown location. One can only dream!
A great place. I had the steak pie special at $16, my companions the fish n chips at $15. They make up for it with the beers. My Wynwood IPA (a great local beer) was $8. Four of us shared a sticky toffee pudding ($8). DC lamented that her chips weren't quite perfect, but griping about french fries (excuse my language) doesn't do much for me. Good service. Fairly small space, so when this gets discovered by those looking for reasonable-priced dining options in Coral Gables, I'll bet this will fill up fast.
The food is really good, creative, delicious. Beers are awesome and service is great!
Stopped in because my boss and a coworker recommended it and because its very close to home. The food was great and so was the service. Everything on the menu and specials was thoroughly explained. I had the burger that was perfectly cooked and juicy. My friend had the fish and chips and she loved it. The owner came over to our table to make sure everything was okay and to talk about the place which has been open for about 3 months. Before we left we texted other friends to come back very soon.
Who knew Fish and Chips was supposed to be good??? Definitely the best I've ever had! Plus the owners are nice and offer great conversation... You will be happy with anything you order... ANYTHING!
Enjoyed fully. unquestionably fresh and the staff was knowledgeable of what they are serving and cares. I foresee getting a table in the future becoming an issue because if they keep the quality standards  they will be packed. Only complaint which I presume they will rectify is that they didn't have hp sauce. This is an actual gastropub!
You know that you have been somewhere spectacular when you can't wait to get home to review.  I am always in search of new openings in my area so I immediately check it out.  I had been wanting to go, but the menu was not very extensive and I kept on changing my mind when selecting a restaurant for dinner.  Today was the same, but luckily there was a lane closure in the 836 so we had to make a detour and got off on 8 street.  Since we had already missed our reservation and was passing by I decided lets give it a try.  OMG so happy for the detour.  Instead of the bread service, Papadum is served alongside chutney and guacamole.  What a great change to the typical bread service. Chutney was delicious and paired beautifully with the Papadum. The restaurant is small so we had to wait in the bar.  They have a great beer selection and a great iced tea which was infused with mint very refreshing. For starters we had the Bone Marrow.  I always try the Bone Marrow wherever it's offered.  This was hands down the best I have had.  They were a good size and filled with delicious garlic, herbs and some sort of spice which tied all the flavors together harmoniously.  For entrée we had the fish and chips and the proper sausage.  The fish and chips which by the way I am not that much of a fan of was delicious.  The fish was nice and flaky and not overly battered, perfection. The sausage was perfectly cooked, nice crunch on the outside and moist on the inside.  For dessert I had the sticky toffee pudding.  Another winner.  Very excited on having another great place to come to in the Gables.
Great find, the owners served us at the bar and the food was flawless. Get the fish and chips. The bone marrow was also good, but I like it a little more scorched. The ceviche with clams was a bit different but fresh and delicious.
Yum! The menu is small, but the specials are always interesting. The food is fresh, delish and artfully prepared. The chicken is incredibly flavorful as is the pasta special that is made with marmite.  The place is small and comfortable- very welcoming. currently- only beer and wine - and the selections are a little odd and not great. That is my only gripe. The service is friendly and efficient with the owner chef and his wife working front and center. It is really nice to see a truly local place with such good food.
There are a few times that I can say I have had an extraordinary dining experience. Seven Dials is just that - excellent service delicious food and a friendly chef who comes out to bring you the food and describes his choices. Amazing!
Found this on Yelp. Kinda tucked away but well worth the effort! Went in for lunch and the BEST fish & chips ever. Not greasy with a good portion and it even came with " mushy " peas that I normally hate. These were great. My wife had shrimp & chorizo served on melon with basil. Excellent! Add a homemade toffee cake with fresh berries and whipped cream and we were stuffed. Great craft beers and wines. English owned and service fast and friendly. I'm coming back and bringing friends! What a great find!
We really enjoyed this little place. It's new and has a simple but creative menu. Everything we ordered was very well prepared and tasty from heirloom tomato salad to the duck confit and mashed potatoes with roasted grapes. My wife had roasted bone marrow and tomato soup. Bread pudding and English tea ice cream for dessert was very good too. The servers were attentive and pleasant and we spoke with the owner on the way out. He's in a tough location but I have no doubt fellow yelpers will find him. Nice job all around.
Great atmosphere.  Great food!  The chicken pate was creamy, smooth, and delicious!  The sticky toffee pudding was one of the best desserts I've ever had.  Will definitely make this place a habit!
Great British and fusion place. High quality foods and ingredients.  Nice mix of craft beers.
I was hesitant of posting a review out of sheer  selfishness. It is our newest favorite restaurant and we try to go weekly. The fish and chip is scrumptious, the wine list small but excellent and well priced, the appetizers delicious and dessert heavenly ! To recap: good food at reasonable prices with excellent service in a charming ambiance   What more can you want?
Only open for 6 weeks, Seven Dials is hitting it out of the park.  This legitimate gastropub began our meal with crisp, hot poppadams and guacamole.   A good sign,of things to come.  They then prepared extraordinary fish and chips, with tender corvina coated in a light crisp fry, over a bed of delicious and perfectly-fried french fries, and a side of mushy peas flavored with dill.  The mushy peas were so good, I'd go back just for them alone.  We also had a fabulous bowl of chowder and an appetizer of goat gouda served with great bread and a date spread that was pure date.  The wines and beer are carefully sourced, and the restaurant has a genuine commitment to serving local sausage, coffee, beer, and ingredients.  We're going back and bringing friends.
Our first time here and it was very good.  The foie gras was delicious.  We also had the roasted eggplant, the tomato soup, the hangar steak, the fish and chips and the proper sausage.  All were wonderful.  Will definitely come back, sit at the bar and have the charcuterie!
