I'm going to keep this short and to the point. This is easily the best Thai food I've tried in Tampa. We ordered the crab fried rice and drunken noodles. It was so good I got a pad Thai to go and ate that for dinner. Again amazing. I can wait to go back and get some curry. This place is a must try!!
What a great meal! The spring rolls were fresh and crisp. The red curry was spiced just right, the vegetables were cooked perfectly. My son had the crab fried rice. He loved it. A fantastic meal with super friendly service.
The drunken noodles and crispy duck fried rice are awesome.  When they say hot, they mean hot.  Hot means really spicy, and I love spicy foods.  Order ahead by phone and it still might be slow.  They have a small kitchen and they're popular.  It's a great location.  My only knock is efficiency.
Dissapointed. I wanted the crispy duck fried rice and they were out of duck. I wanted the fried pork dumplings, and they were out of that too. Then at least I wanted a fresh Thai tea - they were also out of that. I ordered the pad see-ew and it was okay, I have had better. The fried rice was just okay too. I really really wanted to like this place and give it a five star review like everyone else, but I just have to be honest..
Ordered Crab fried rice, Lad na, Basil Thai (chicken), Padwoonsen (tofu), and fresh rolls. Everything was amazing. Authentic thai-spiciness levels. Boyfriend decided to order the his meal a 5-Thai hot, ended up sweating while he ate it. $2 for thai tea and coffee - amazing. Would go get the thai tea/coffee (alternating days) every day at that price if I did not live $15 in gas away. The staff was super friendly. Amazing food at an amazing price.
This place has good food. The service was really friendly.  It is awesome that it is a food truck. What makes this place appealing is the menu's focus on specialty items. We tried the crispy duck, and it was great. Overall, though, it seemed like pretty standard fare.  We will give it another shot and try the drunken noodles and the crab fried rice, for which they are most famous.
Chicken pad Thai and egg rolls are amazing. Second time back definitely my new favorite Thai place in Tampa. Super cheap to!
I am not sure why Tampa seems to have such good Thai food, but I love it.  This is by far the best Thai restaurant I've been to in a long time, if not ever! and this includes Thailand.  The staff is amazing, the food is amazing.  We came around 2 pm - and I am glad we did, because the bench up front was free and we had easy parking.  The food was delicious.  We started with the sausage dish, and it was good.  And then we had the crab friend rice, ribs and pad see ew.  It was all fingerpicking good!  Aside from great food, the service was outstanding and considering that this is a food truck, it was mind blowing.  Love it and will return!
This should be a 6 star place.  Every time we go the food just seems to gt better and better, even more flavorful. Tom Ka soup is truly exceptional. Try all of the dishes.  You will not be disappointed!
Simply put this place is "amazing". The food is the best thai food we have ever had. We have eaten at a lot of thai restaurants across the country and this one is number one. Staff gave our kids bathtub duckies as a gift and a token of hospitality. Food portions are relatively big. We had the pad thai and Pranang curry and they were "delish" We travelled an hour to this place and all I got to say is this place is worth it.
Thai food is usually pretty expensive for the underpaid working plebe, but then Kombo Kitchen came along. Stupid fucking name, but don't let that get in your way. This place is fucking choice. Everything is $6.95, and they always throw in an eggroll and some other sweet treats (it's always awesome when they toss in fried banana). They also just started carrying boba tea as well, which is fantastic because there is not a single boba tea place near my home. I always get the panang curry, which is perfect and always the right amount of spicy, which seems to be fairly inconsistent at most Thai restaurants. Oh, and for the non-meat eating types, they do have tofu. Cash only.
This place is great.  Had a duck dish and I can't remember what it was called but it was great.  Go there now!
My favorite South Tampa Thai restaurant.   friendly staff, value priced, and quick.  great for take-away although tables are available.   i would love to see a military discount though.
Amazing! I had the Duck fried rice, the flavor was great, the duck was grilled nicely, rice cooked perfectly. The portions are huge, I ate forever and still have an entire dinner leftover. My friends ordered the Pad Thai which was great as well, and an order of egg rolls and spring rolls. We will be back ASAP.
Crispy Duck, Spicy Thai Rice and Drunken Noodles are my absolute favorites. The Chef and staff are super friendly.
This place is a diamond in the rough.  I never knew a food truck could have a complex menu, while still achieving such an amazing quality of food. The crab cakes special with a couple of their homemade sauces is to die for, the drunken noodles and pad thai dishes are amazing, and a star on the menu.....duck fried rice (my husband has to have this at least once a week)!   Not only is the food incredible, the service is top notch.  Everyone working here is extremely nice and makes you feel instantly welcome! This is a must try in Tampa!!!
This place is the perfect way to satisfy your thai/asian craving. Tried it for the first time last night and can't wait to eat the left overs! The staff was very friendly and the Pad Thai was spot on. Great find!
will have to try again based on the rating but I asked for medium and got thai spicy. was burring my tongue so couldn't enjoy
Really great Thai food. Quite authentic. Love the Panang Curry and Nam Sod. Quick and convenient. They always get the order right, food is awesome. We always carry out, although you can now eat in the building next to the "bus". Best choice in south Tampa.
My favorite dishes are drunken noodles and crispy duck fried rice. Owners are very nice and friendly. Clean kitchen, nice size dining area.
I really didn't expect to be giving five stars to a food truck but here we are. The product is excellent and I couldn't find any faults with any aspect of the experience. Tonight, we brought home the panang curry x2 (one chicken, one soft tofu) as well as the Pad Woonsen w/ chicken. The Pad Woonsen is on the special menu and is similar to a pad thai but with clear noodles and without the heaviness. Very light, very fresh. Highly recommended. My wife and daughter agreed that that the panang curry was the best they had ever had. It was about $30 out the door (so to speak) for these three entrees. Maybe a little pricey for some but since we are hurting for good asian take-out here in south tampa it's worth it . Check out the menu on the web site link. The specials listed were not current so I'm uploading a photo of the current special list.
I came here because of all the wonderful reviews I read from satisfied customers. So far my experience here has been less than on par of what I read in the reviews. I waited for my appetizer - pot stickers - for 30 minutes. It took an additional 20 to get our entrees. I have overheard the man who has been taking all the orders mess up three customers' orders and apologize for making such silly errors, including not even charging one man for his food that came 10 minutes after his friend's. The server (same as the man at the window taking orders) seems like he has no idea what he's doing. The food is delicious, don't het me wrong, but the service is rather horrible. I dont know if it is like this all the time and I will still come back again to see if it gets better, but honestly I'm disappointed.
Possibly the best Thai in Tampa.  Fresh ingredients, cooked to order, and incredible flavors.  Crab fried rice and Crispy Duck fried rice are both loaded with meat and are delicious.  Drunken noodles are the best I've had.  The Nam Sod is excellent too.
Excellent!!  We've passed by Kombo Kitchen so many times and we finally decided to grab a bite to eat.  I'm kicking myself for not stopping sooner.  Excellent customer service.  Indoor and outdoor sitting.  Amazing Thai food at a great price. The best part?  Above and beyond customer service. We can't wait to eat there again very soon!  We had the crispy duck panang, crab fried rice, larb, spring rolls, and thai sweet tea.  I have paid much more for less impressive food.  This is a MUST for Thai food fans.
Fantastic! Ordered several dishes to sample around, from Larp Gai to the burger, and everything was absolutely on point. I think this might be the best Thai I've ever had in Tampa, maybe even Florida.
If you dine in, be sure to try the lazy Susan of spices and sauces. The pickled peppers are the best. good Thai food. I'm glad this place is near by and the customer service rocks.
Got there about an hour and half before close.  Out of the special duck fried rice.  No problem, ordered the crab fried rice and short ribs.  Waited 45 minutes!!  Wtf?!  The meat on the ribs were chewy, not tender at all.  I've had Asian short ribs many times before at other places and this was one of the toughest.  The crab fried rice is good, really good.  Love the crispy fried garlic they put on top.  But... come on 45 minutes from time of order to serving!???  There were probably 2 dine-in and 3 take out parties ahead of us.  It's not like there was a line down the block!
Frikin  phenomenal!! Had the crispy duck Thai Basil and it was beyond words delicious! Also had the paddawoosen (or something like that) it was exquisite!! I haven't had the opportunity to go to Thailand yet, but I had incredible Thai food in Hawaii; this is closest I have gotten to Thailand and its incredible food. Kombo  kitchen is just as good, if not better than the food I had in Hawaii. It's the real deal, make you want to dance kind of food!
I was heading to what I thought was the current location of Da Kine Hawaiian food, but saw a green trailer where an orange one used to be. Initially bummed, I drove closer and saw the green trailer is cooking Thai food. Apparently Da Kine has moved, but as a Thai food lover, I decided to try it and I am really glad I did. I ordered my usual at a Thai place, the Pad See Ew along with some dumplings. It was raining a bit, so I waited in my car for a few minutes since there is no indoor seating and no cover. Over the years I have become used to being disappointed with portion sizes from Thai restaurants, but Kombo Kitchen filled up a to go container to the brim. The Pad See Ew was perfect and the dumplings were crispy and stuffed nicely. I ordered both items thinking even that might not be enough food and I actually couldn't finish my lunch. The two women inside cooking were extremely friendly and very appreciative of my business. I will definitely be swinging by there again soon when I need a fast, to go Thai lunch that will actually fill me up.
One door closes, another door opens. The DaKine hawaiian food truck that used to sit here was one of my favorite stops before it left for a far North Dale Mabry location. I stopped here to sample the new neighborhood offerings and am not missing Whatshisname as much anymore. The Thai food here is delicious and not hard on the change purse. My wife and I tried several selections and we're looking forward to going through the whole menu eventually. The green papaya salad was spicy and refreshing. The pan fried dumplings and sauce left me wishing we had gotten two orders. I hope that the duck special becomes a regular item, it was delicious. The shrimp fried rice filled in any remaining empty spaces in our tummies and would have satisfied me as a stand alone dish. All this for less than $25. Yes, we had leftovers for late night treats. The only thing missing is a hammock for me to nap in between meals. Hint, hint.
I have never written an online review because I never really had a good reason. Believe it or not, Kombo Kitchen finally inspired me to contribute to an online review. We just moved to Tampa and drove by Kombo Kitchen a number of times. We read some reviews here on yelp and elsewhere and thought we would give it a try. We love Thai food but have pretty high standards on what we consider "good," since we lived for a while in Southeast Asia and have been to Thailand and have many good Thai friends who have cooked authentic food for us. Needless to say, the food is amazingly delicious. The ingredients tasted fresh and it's cooked right there on the spot. The Thai dude working the counter, Po (?), was exceptionally friendly and inviting and we really enjoyed talking to him. His Aunt was equally as charming and they went well out of their way to be accommodating. There is outside seating and a really cute inside sitting area. Anyway- you should check this place out. I wish them all the best. I hope they are very successful. In this day and age, it's hard to get great food + great service + good price. We will definitely go back and hopefully become regulars.
The best Thai Food Truck in Tampa.
this place deserves more than 5 stars! great prices,food, and generous portions..very nice too!
Best Thai food I have found in S Tampa.  Everything is very fresh and the owners are very friendly.
I dropped by here for an early lunch on a Saturday morning. I had been excited to try this place for some time but was never in the area. I think I was the only customer around the place at 11, so it was pretty quick. The staff were very friendly and helped me to figure out the menu, as I got a bit distracted by the specials. While waiting, I got to explore the seating inside. It was quite nice with a few tables and a clean bathroom. I'm all about clean bathrooms. I ordered the drunken noodle with tofu, regular hot. The noodles were very fresh and were chock full of fresh basil that gave off a delightful, pungent flavor. The spice level was good as well though I could have gone a bit hotter and may get Thai hot in the future. I appreciated that the tofu had absorbed some of the sauce, as I've had some places add the tofu after the dish is finished which tends to make it more bland. I look forward to trying out their other dishes in the future.
One of my regular stops in Las Vegas is Wazuzu in Encore simply for the drunken noodles. (Ok, let's just say I don't mind watching the club traffic walk by the restaurant as I dine either.) I discovered those Wazuzu drunken noodles thanks to Giada on Food Network years ago, so hearing about that dish out of a highly rated food truck on South Dale Mabry was of major interest. First, I am very picky about my food trucks. My list of trucks in Tampa that I visit and recommend to friends can be counted on one hand. My afternoon visit to Kombo Kitchen definitely put them on the list. Warm greeting, plenty of people working and very quick to answer any questions I had about ingredients. (Now I know the difference between Broccoli and Chinese Broccoli) While I waited for my order, a police officer pulled up and the exchange between the officer and the employee confirmed he was a regular. When I told the officer this was my first time, he smiled and said, "And it won't be your last." My combination beef and chicken drunken noodles were sensational and just spicy enough for my taste based on the 1-5 scale they lay out for you. Added a couple tasty egg rolls and I was quite impressed with the flavor, the fair price and the friendliness. There were actually other things on the menu to tempt me to from another order of drunken noodles on my return, such as a short rib specialty dish if they offer that again. So, does the Kombo Kitchen truck ever move or is at always parked at this same address? I'm not complaining, just wondering if I can book it for a visit to my condo since we have a food truck night every month in our courtyard.
On the hunt for the best Thai food in Tampa, and kombo kitchen might be just the place to scratch the itch. I use red curry to compare Thai restaurants and it was great! The sauce was creamy, spicy, and so flavorful. It was a large portion of both the curry and white rice. At $9 for red curry with shrimp it is cheaper than other Thai restaurants and just as good and I'm not sure how they are able to prepare food this good in a truck... I would have liked for there to be more vegetables, but the green beans and bamboo were crunchy and delicious.
I had the crispy duck in the panang curry sauce. It was beyond delicious. I will definitely be back. The Staff was incredibly friendly as well.
I'm so glad I checked this place out. Authentic thai food at a great price and simply delicious. It's a whole in the wall type of place but it's so worth it. I highly recommend Kombo Kitchen and look forward to coming back again and again!
Kombo Kitchen has been on my radar for quite awhile.  Many of the Yelpers that I covertly ninja stalk on yelp *cough Kelleigh M* for their reviews (because they definitely know what's up when it comes to food) have been raving about this place for some time. One night my friend and I were having a heated battle...I mean rational, adult discussion.... on the best Thai food in Tampa Bay.  They threw down the bold statement that Kombo Kitchen was THE BEST in Tampa Bay so the fight was on.  I had to try it out myself to prove they were.........well they were right. First impression is always everything.  I have no problem sizing up a place in the first 15 seconds.  One would think that with Kombo Kitchen being a random food truck in a parking lot off Dale Mabry wouldn't help the fact, but as soon as I walked up to the window, I was greeted by lots of smiling faces that seemed to make it their personal mission that I try all of the yumminess that they had to offer.  People who are excited for me to try their food will always make me feel excited too.  At one point, one of the chefs was going on a lunch break and she was hand feeding me food from her own plate of awesomeness that she had whipped up.  Gestures like these show that the owners are passionate about what they serve and make new guests feel comfortable and like family right away. I'm still trying out the various dishes on the menu but I would definitely recommend the Papaya Salad.  It's not the easiest dish to find and they make it the way I like it (sans shrimp paste).  Other dishes I'd recommend is their seasonal Pumpkin Curry with lots of chunks of pumpkin and their Duck Fried Rice.  Portions are huge and the prices are reasonable and there is inside dining available. I'm happy to say I was wrong.  Kombo Kitchen is the best in Tampa Bay.
Came here couple of days ago with my wife and and back to try the crispy duck fried rice and my wife had the Thai basil fried rice with pork both really good .
So everyone has told you how good the food is, let me cover what a tue business does to hve you coming back for thier eats and really care what your impression is of them and thier establishment . So the wife really likes to surf the Platos Closets for the best deals in high heels so we have passed by this food trailer many times but out off stopping as we really are selective about our Thai food but this day we decided to give it a try. A beautiful sun shiny day in the 70's makes for a perfect setting for thier outside seating. It made for a perfect atmosphere . During our menu perusing, we are greeting with wide smiles and lots of tips on what is good to eat . I choose to try the much touted crab fried rice and decide to add some shrimp to the mix. My beautiful wife selects the Panang chicken curry with a lil spicy kick. We start off the festivities with some steamed potstickers and what tastes to me like a house brewed soy sauce. As a veteran USMC ooh rah! I am complimented with FREE THAI TEA!! It's the best of course, isn't everything that's free? So the potstickers are delivered to our table ( table service from a food truck? WOW ) fantastic appetizer full of great flavor and textures. Next the main course. The Panang curry and crab fried rice are delivered with great aromatics and piping hot! Spicy but not too spicy. But wait.....it looks Like someone may have forgotten to add my crab. Do I day something? Do I let it go? No out proprietor cares enough to notice his customer looks perplexed and instead of ignoring it or waiting for me to initiate the issue, he quickly starts to fire off questions to find out what he can do to find out why I may not be 110% satisfied with his offerings . Now ThAT is a business that cares about its customers. That's the defining moment that a customer just try's a recommended restaurant or becomes a loyal returning diner. Within five minutes I had a fresh crab and shrimp filled plate delivered personally by the chef who prepared it vehemently apologizing for the first round he prepared. These are full servings too folks, no tiny overpriced food here. We were checked on and numerous drink refills during our visit and we couldn't hVe been anymore pleased with our dining experience . Thank you Kombo Kitchen for an excellent dining experience and giving such great guest service. We WILL be back. Did I mention like everyone else that the food is amazing? Wish I knew how they got that great smokey flavor in thier fried rice. Just awesome!
The flavors, aromas, and inventive changing menu excite me! I can't wait to try everything since what I have had tastes full of promise. My only complaint is that far South Dale Mabry owns this joint, and I haven't found a place that comes close on my side of  town. Please be fruitful and multiply adorable little kitchen!
Outstanding Asian grub and super friendly customer service.  I have a friend who resembles me, and this guy eats here 2 or 3 times a week.  So when I walked up, they initially thought that I was him.  I had to explain otherwise.  I guess all of us white folk look the same! I stopped in here after a Yelp event down the street at Pizza Squared.  The event left me feeling hungry, and Kombo Kitchen just happened to still be open, so it was my destiny to finally give them a whirl.  Seems like I'm usually down on that end on Sundays when they're closed.  I ordered the PAD THAI and some GYOZA (pot stickers) to eat and a fresh Thai tea to drink.  All of these items were top notch.  I really couldn't have asked for them to be any better.  I hear that their beef bowl is better than the Thai Temple, so I will have to order that next time. The staff advised me that they will be moving the truck to the back of the small building they now occupy and it will server as their official kitchen for the forthcoming restaurant (proper).  Very exciting.
Was curious to try this place out, as I had seen it was always busy when driving past it. So I decided to get some takeout one evening . This place is basically a food truck, that's has a outside and inside dining area if you decide to eat in. I chose the pineapple fried rice with chicken, and it was really delicious, and the staff were friendly and were great at giving menu suggestions. Will def be back to sample another entree.
After passing this food truck on Dale Mabry I finally had the opportunity to stop in and get some thai. What I loved most is that it's homemade fast fOod. I ordered the red curry chicken and it was done in about 5-8mins. Which is great for a on the go mom like myself.  Best of all.. I was able to wait in the car with my sleeping baby and food was brought out to me. The customer service was great and food was wonderful.  Will defiantly go back to try the other items on the menu or a daily special that seems to change. Would recommend this place for anyone on a short lunch break, wanting homemade Thai and is near by. I think there are better thai places. But you can't go wrong coming here. So no worries on deciding wether to stop in and get a hit or miss moment.
I am going to give them another try because I really like Thai, and since everyone else gave them 5 stars, I must have just ordered the wrong thing. I was at a store up the street on S Dale Mabry and decided to browse some of my yelp bookmarks when I was feeling hungry. Kombo Kitchen...Oh yeah! I have been wanting to go there and it's up the street so I'll go there and grab dinner to go. As I headed down Dale Mabry I was thinking to myself...why have I never seen this place? I am always on this street. So as I drove slowly I saw a food truck next to a Howard Johnson and I said oh this must be it! I pass it all the time and have never noticed it. There were a good number of people waiting for their food orders while sitting on benches outside. As I waited I studied the menu. I saw all the items people reviewed on Yelp. I wanted to try everything, but I decided to get 2 dishes instead of 3 lol. I ordered the Panang Curry Chicken and Crab Fried rice. The crab fried rice was TASTY, but my main dish, the curry which I love, was toooooo sweet!. Every bite tasted like sugar and the gravy was thick. Is it normally this sweet? I don't know, but I didn't finish eating it ( which is why I gave this place 3 stars).So while this may not be my favorite Thai place yet, I am hoping to try it again and update my review with 5 stars like everyone else.
I guess the very positive reviews on here  increased my expectations. It wasn't quite what I was expecting, but the kombo kitchen is good food in a pretty rough environment. I would rate the quality of food at a good four-star food and a two star environment so therefore it's an average rating. Unlike what are the reviews had to say I found the portions to be average to even a bit small and the flavor was so so. The one thing that the kitchen does well is  spices-- they are right on. When ordering a medium spice at so many restaurants they get a "American medium" heat which is nothing this one was a good power packed heat Would I stop there again? Yes, but only if I'm in the immediate area.
AIIII DID I PASS IT? There's not much going on in this stretch of South Dale Mabry so the Truck's appearance is sudden. But OooO once you go Kombo your tummy be like, "why haven't I visited before???" There's a few small tables scattered around the property but mostly this is a grab-n-go place like most Food Trucks. DEFINITELY WORTH THE PRICE With local Thai restaurants normally being all froo-froo/casual posh-posh it's almost a cause of celebration to see a place cook it casually (like you're invading some Thai family's home) and charge appropriately (ever cooked Thai food yourself? It's NOT that pricey). Similarly, for a small Food Truck the service is excellent. Strange note: most of the time the quieter workers who appear to be Asian are crammed like sardines in the back while the smiling 'White Guy' is the host and your only contact. The order takers asks lots of questions to get your food tailored to you AND will even WALK the food to you when it's finished. One day the host even did that when it was cold and raining outside and I was huddled waiting in my car! COMFORT FOOD The Noodle Dishes typically have a huge gap in the Noodle-to-Protein ratio which hasn't been a big deal-breaker for me since the flavors soaked by the Noodles have been yummy. Most times those dishes come with a small container of Vinegar which adds a great Sour dimension when splashed.  "Thai Spicy" has varied even within the same order: Drunken Noodles with Pork was spicy but bearable. A "Thai Spicy" Tom Yum Soup actually made me cry and I could only take a few slurps at a time (But it contained great chunks of Red Pepper, Tofu, and Green Onion).
Best Thai food we've had since moving to Florida many years ago. My husband has been looking for good drunken noodles, I've wanted a Thai place that serves the pickled vinegar peppers, and we both wanted a good place to get Thai food. We finally found it!! It's so good. The noodles, the dumplings, the curry, the service, the price. It's all good. I'm Korean, so I'm picky about my kalbi (short ribs). This place has fatty, fried short ribs, but it's not even attempting to be the best Korean place with grilled kalbi. It just has amazing Thai food with friendly service and fair prices. You'll see it on the side of the road as a food truck, but there's seating inside. Place your order and take a seat inside or out. They'll make sure you have everything you need. Kiddos even even get crayons and coloring books. Grateful for Kombo Kitchen :)
Why does this truck bother to sell American food?  Although I haven't tried the American, I'm sure that the Thai food is the best part.  I've tried five Thai places in Tampa, and despite being in a truck, this is the best one.  I've been twice, and both times were great.  I can't remember what I got the first time (it was a long time ago), but the second time, I got the spicy noodles with crispy tofu.  They ask whether you want crispy or soft tofu.  Although a dietitian my recommend soft, the crispy tofu is clearly the tastiest.  I liked my meal a lot and can't wait to go back. Be sure you eat inside, if it's hot outside.  The owner told me that the building is an office building that they own but can't put a kitchen in.  It's a strange setup -- ordering food outside yet eating inside -- but I didn't mind.
Went to Kombo Kitchen to see what all the buzz is about... yadda yadda yadda ... this is a great place (Thai food truck with seating areas indoors with air-conditioning and outside). The owner is quite a character.  His wife is lovely. We had a terrific time and the food and Thai tea were delicious, especially the Padang curry.
great Thai food in the good price here and they have best papaya salad, thai sausage that I ever have in Tampa and my favorite dish drunken noodle. They make me miss Thailand. I'm Thai by the way so this place is my recommended.
My husband and I got take out from here last night.  The food was DELISH!   He got the Amazing Chicken and I got the Pad Thai.  We also ordered soup, egg rolls and fried pot stickers.  Our total combined meals were less than $30.00.   It was SOOO much food. and we had plenty leftover for another meal. If you like Thai food, I strongly urge you to give this place a shot.  You won't be disappointed! In spite of some of the things I've read on here, the owner was wonderful!  Even helped us with a special order! ;)
Amazing food, great prices and a cool experience. A must eat at joint! Go with the phase Thai!
5 stars= 4.5 for great taste+ .5 for great value. Plus the lady their hooked it up with premium steak that they were going to eat for lunch. Im gonna miss this place when i get back to dc :(
A month ago I ate at KK for the very first time and I loved it! So, this time I came back and brought 10 friends with me. This time around the food was still delish (my Duck Fried Rice was yum yum), but the service wasn't so. Let me be clear, the employees are all friendly, it's the wait to get our food that was horrendous! I realize that KK is a food truck so expect service to be slow, but waiting for 40-45 min to get our food isn't acceptable. And for those who ordered multiple dishes (soup, salad, entrees), each came out at a different time and different order. One of my friends ordered 2 entrees, a soup, a papaya salad and sticky rice to eat with it. The entrees came out first, about 35 min after she ordered, the soup came 10-15 min later, the papaya salad came 10 min later, and she reminded the employee of the sticky rice, but that came 20 later. Really, sticky rice shouldn't take that long to come out; it definitely shouldn't be over an hour after ordering. Okay, fine, whatever, at least the food tasted decent, so when writing a review on Yelp she gave KK a 3-star. The worst part is the response she got from Dennis P, the owner of KK, "Blah, blah, blah, blan, blah, blah. Thank you." How absolutely rude! FYI, this is NOT how you run a business, Dennis P. Those of you who love the food at KK and will return, find out when the slowest time of the day is and go then, otherwise you will have to wait 30-40 min for your food, or even longer. I, on the other hand, might never be back due to the "owner" being so disrespectful. 5-star for the food 1-star for the rudeness = 3-star average
UPDATE:  I reduced my rating from 3 stars to 1 based on Owner comment: "Comment from Dennis P. of Kombo Kitchen Business Owner 4/28/2014 Blah, blah, blah, blan, blah, blah. Thank you." **************************************************­********************************************* ORIGINAL REVIEW: Have driven past here I can't tell you how many times and thought....maybe I should try this?  And I soooo wanted it to be awesome. Was glad to attend the UYE today and experience several dishes. Our ordering experience was very good - the guy taking orders was very, very nice and accommodating and seemed like a happy guy. We ordered the Tom Kha (coconut milk soup with chicken) $5, larb (ground chicken) $7 with sticky rice $2, shrimp panang medium hot $9 and the duck friend rice medium hot $11.95. To drink water and 2 sodas at $2 a piece. We sat inside with our associated group and waited for what seemed an eternity.  I get it, it's a small kitchen and we inundated them along with a few other folks before and after us. But, I thought I'd get soup first, then larb with the sticky rice, then our entrees and as everything came out in long awaited shifts starting with the entrees first, I thought - oh boy, we're off to not the best start. The panang was very thin, my medium heat wasn't very medium, the shrimp were alright but also still had tails on them so I had to stick my hands in it and remove the tails.  The vegetables in the panang were ONLY broccoli and zucchini.  Others' veggies in their panang included snap peas and carrots and other veggies.  I'm not sure why mine didn't have any of that in it.  And there was a HUGE mound of rice.  I like a lot of rice so I can soak my sauce in it and enjoy it to the last drop, but this was WAY too much rice, even for me.  No biggie, better to have too much than not enough. The flavor of the panang was ok and because it was so thin, I didn't like this panang much.  But it's not one of their specialities. My husband got the duck friend rice, liked it pretty well, he ordered his medium and it was wayyy too hot.  He did like the flavor and seems to be more of one of their specialities. Then, we got the soup while eating through the entrees, which was very coconut-y.  And I love coconut milk, but seemed like a direct can in the bowl with some scallions and straw mushrooms with the chicken and parsley.  It wasn't bad - I liked the soup better than my entree. And finally the larb came.  But the sticky rice hadn't shown up for some time after even the larb.  Once the sticky rice came in its hot plastic zip lock (like many places do, but I'm finding more and more that's not a good idea because I don't want the toxins from plastic in my food....) we had to wait for that to cool down but the larb was the BEST thing from our order, in my opinion.  It had good flavor, it was well mixed and with the sticky rice, it was very good.  I would certainly get that again. Everyone was served at all different times and one by one things would come out - but our series of dishes were served very randomly... May try this place again, different dish for sure but for lunch I could just get the larb and sticky rice and I'd be happy with that.
Food was 5 stars, staff was 5 stars, it's just the set up but I'm sure they are moving into the building next soon.
This has to be one of my new favorite places to eat. I joined my friends for a lunch sit down and I was truly surprised. Being asian I a tad picky when it comes to certain dishes so I was expecting the best. Where shall I start.... I ordered the papaya salad with sticky rice, beef noodle soup and thai tea and boy I was blown away. Beef noodle soup was a tad disappointing, I was expecting it to be exploding with flavors but it was a tad bland, papaya salad yummy yummy in my tummy no complaints there. They have both indoor and outdoor which was really good for a food truck and that made it even better. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for great authentic thai food. When i`m in the area I will be stopping more. :)
This place is absolutely delicious. I had the crab fried rice and vegetable roles and I couldn't have been more satisfied. Whoaa, can't wait to go back!!
I must drive past Kombo Kitchen several times a month but honestly never thought anything of the place until I looked at the top rated restaurants in the Tampa area and boom! There it was. I thought this place was just a run down food truck with so-so food. At least, that's what it looks like from the outside. Well, appearances can be deceiving and that's certainly the case here. I popped into Kombo Kitchen on a whim last night since I was craving some curry and wanted to venture out beyond Thai Island. I pulled right in, placed my order at the food truck for the chicken panang curry -- no rice, extra veggies -- and grabbed a seat inside. The menu looked awesome and the prices were really good. I love a good deal as much as the next person, so give me a big ol' bowl of curry for $9 and I will be happy as a lark...with curry. I also ordered the fresh rolls with chicken and they were really tasty. The peanut sauce was divine. The rice wrapping was a little weird texture wise but I think I am overly sensitive to the texture of food as my boyfriend enjoyed the rice wrap thoroughly. The inside of Kombo Kitchen is really small. Like, four tables small. There are also tables outside. Soon enough, our food was brought to us and I went right in. The curry was fantastic. There were ample veggies and the spice level was just right. It took me quite some time to finish the curry since there were SO many vegetables, but hey, I really like vegetables, so no complaints here. The panang curry was perfectly sweet and spicy and was overall just really, really delicious. For the price and the taste, this place really can't be beat. A great hole-in-the-wall joint in Tampa that's not to be missed. Five stars.
Very friendly order taker (Owner?), reasonable prices, and ginourmous portions all mean I will definitely swing by here again if I'm in the area. I had the Chef's special of the day - I can't remember the actual name, but it was glass noodles with tofu and vegetable stir fry.  Lots of fresh veggies, lots of tofu.  It was very good, although it could have used a tad more heat, and more sauce-just a little too dry, and the noodles clumped together.   First Thai coffee too - loved it! I also got to-go food, and that was excellent.  The papaya salad was extremely delicious, and served with a generous amount of fresh cabbage leaves to scoop with.  The spring rolls were actually some of the best I have ever had - thick and packed with shrimp, and their peanut sauce was unique and flavorful. I was there on a Sunday afternoon, and they were slammed - so food did take quite some time to come out - I kept seeing people go up to the window to ask about it.  Plus, I saw tables where families did not end up eating their meals at the same time.  So - be warned - if it's busy, the food comes out when it comes out.
Ever order a meal from a food truck and wish there was a spot to sit and enjoy your food? The answer is now available: Kombo Kitchen! Kombo Kitchen is a family owned Thai and American food truck parked on South Dale Mabry. Most food trucks are grab and go, but Kombo Kitchen offers dine-in options on their outdoor patio furniture or inside seating in their adjacent dining hall. Carryout options are available, but I love the option to dine-in and enjoy my food while it is still hot! If you decide to dine-in just place your order from the food truck window and grab a seat inside or outside. Once your meal is ready it will be delivered to your table with real plates and silverware!  At the end of your meal you can pay at the food truck. Fellow Yelpers, Steve E. and Kelleigh M., joined me for lunch and we sampled a feast of Thai dishes. The three of us split the Vegetable Egg Rolls, Crab Fried Rice, Crispy Duck served in a Panang Curry Sauce with Jasmine rice and vegetables, and the Pad Woonsen Chicken.  Everything was amazing and our meal was under $40. This may be my new favorite Thai restaurant - will be back soon!
I'm still learning my way around a Thai food menu, and so I was excited when my Yelp friends Michelle M. and Kelleigh M. invited me to join them for lunch at Kombo Kitchen in South Tampa this afternoon. Kombo Kitchen is actually a food truck / trailer which is attached to a vacant store-front along S. Dale Mabry Highway and Corona Street. You order at the food truck window, and then take a seat -- either at one of the outdoor tables, or inside the small adjacent building. When your food is ready the guys will run it out to your table. We had all studied the online menu ahead of our visit, and we knew that Kelleigh was planning to order the crab-fried rice made with lump crabmeat. Michelle and I looked over the daily "Specials" board, and Michelle ordered the Pad Woonsen which was vermicelli bean-thread noodles, fried egg, blanched veggies, and topped with stir-fried chicken breast strips. I decided to order the crispy fried duck which was served over blanched mixed vegetables with a side of Jasmine rice and a spicy Panang peanut-curry sauce. We also ordered vegetable egg rolls with the traditional orange-flavored dipping sauce. The plates of food were delivered quickly, and we decided to serve ourselves family-style so that we each had the chance to try these delicious dishes. Everything was fantastic, and I'm glad that we chose the "medium" level of heat since anything more than that and I would have been making some embarrassing coughing and gasping noises. We had a great time talking about vacation plans, upcoming reviews, and general silliness while we  enjoyed our lunches. The guy from the food truck stopped by frequently to make sure that we had everything that we needed and to be sure that we were happy with the dishes. Again, another small business that focuses on good food and good customer service. I will plan to go back to Kombo Kitchen on a future visit to South Tampa.
Why 5 stars? Because the hype is real.   ---   ---   --- Anytime you see a place with 30+ reviews and a 5-star overall rating, you pretty much have to go out of your way eat there. Absolutely a contender for best Thai food in Tampa Bay. I usually order beef green curry at a Thai spot, but I was in the mood for Pad Thai during this visit, and wow... it went down eaaasssyyyyy. I did not want it to be over. I'm not sure how long they've been around, but I've probably driven right past this place 50+ times in the last couple years. I don't know that I will ever be able to do that again without stopping by and stuffing my face hole. I'm writing this review from a plane, and I have 3 hours until we land. That was a gruesome mistake, as I am now painfully hungry. Do you think they have Kombo Kitchen on the drink cart?
The response to my review from the owner of this establishment is really rude, nasty and wrong. Restaurant owners who give a middle finger to customer feedback don't stay in business long. I think it's interesting that many people have emailed me to say they don't go to Kombo Kitchen b/c of the owner's rude comments on Yelp. There you go.
Kombo Kitchen is delicious. I would have never gone here without a friend's recommendation - it's in an odd location, but it really is delicious. The food tastes fresh and is always nice and hot when I call in to pick it up. However, the last 3 times I have called to order - a Friday night at 8pm, a Wednesday at 6pm and a Sunday at 4pm, they have been close -- either they've closed early or for renovations. This has been a bit of a turn off for me. I love the food but they seem to be pretty inconsistent with their open hours.
Quick Summary: What you've got here is the triple threat, deliciously authentic food, very friendly service, and great value. That ladies and gentlemen is truly as good as it gets! My earliest memories of trying spicy thai food, take me back to HS; dining out with a friend and fellow spicy food aficionado, we decided to just go for it. Much to our surprise our initial bites weren't wrought with fire and brimstone; so we continued happily, confident in the levels we had achieved in spice-handling... or whatever.  That was until about five minutes later when it hit us like a stampeding herd of wildebeest with their horns lit on fire! And remember... water only spreads the pain... But I digress... that's how I've always imagined a great thai spice, a slow starter but a knock me out punch when it counts. I haven't had a spice like that until I visited Kombo... I came here on a lazy weekend seeking out some heat, that wasn't from the sun.  First on my menu choice was the Yum Beef Salad and to expand my taste experience I also went with the Drunken Noodles (with pork). I was very impressed with the salad, their fish sauce is great! Nice flavor and well balanced (most other places, it ends up being a mostly vinegary flavor).  The beef was tender and nicely seasoned.  This was the dish that hit me... I was enjoying the flavor just minding myself and then slowly the heat started to burn.... and burn it did!! Sadly all I had to drink was water.... should have gotten that thai iced tea after all! I got the drunken noodles to go and enjoyed them later. Spiciness you'll find lessens with time... haven't figured out why that happens but nonetheless they were very nicely prepared... with good amount of residual heat. I usually find this dish in about 50% of the places I go to and then it's rarely as hot as I would like. You should look up the reason why they're called drunken noodles, quite funny. What really put this locale over the top for me though, was the friendly service. It's a small op where they cook out of the food truck, but they are still full service. I had biked there on this particular day and he asked if I wanted a drink. I was looking for Thai Iced Coffee but they didn't have that (you must try it if you do find it, I love it better than the Thai Iced Tea), so I was like eh I'll just have my water bottle, but the gentlemen was nice enough to bring out to me a glass of iced water. Also I sat around the corner so they came out looking for me to bring me my dishes, instead of just calling out from the truck (which i would have been fine with as well).  Very friendly staff, they checked up on me while I was sitting there and all had a very happy smile on their face, like they were truly happy you were out there enjoying their food. And it was this way for everybody! Overall, loved the food, great value, and a happy staff that loves their job... what is there to criticize... well I did want that Thai Iced Coffee... jk :D
Kombo Kitchen, oh how I love thee. On a gorgeous Friday afternoon I met Michelle M and Steve E for a quick lunch. Everything on the menu looks wonderful and the food that was coming out of that food truck backed up the wonderful descriptions. We went with 4 items:  veggie egg rolls, crab fried rice, glass noodles with chicken and some type of crispy duck entree. While waiting for our food to be delivered, we enjoyed some good conversation about everything Yelp...what a wonderful way to pass time. When our food arrived, we were all happy with our choices. I think my favorite was the crab fried rice.  It was so good, I ordered one to go for the hubs.  The fresh cilantro and scallions gave the dish lots of flavor and it didn't taste like the rice was drenched in oil. Our bill was under $35-such a great steal. When I'm back in the south Tampa area and craving some fantastic thai food, I will be sure to hit up the Kombo Kitchen.
Pad Thai medium is delish. The egg rolls are fabulous - crispy with a perfect thickness so you still get a chew on the wrapper. The sauce is sweet and spicy. LOVE them. My husband loves the Amazing Thai and the potstickers. The family is SUPER friendly. Try the iced tea...soothing and warm from the spices but amazingly sippable. We love Kombo Kitchen.
Great little food truck on Dale Mabry that has  authentic Thai food at a very reasonable price. Drunken noodles and curries are ridiculously good, and the owners are very friendly. Went here during a weekend trip to Tampa on a Saturday and liked it so much we came back the next day before we left. The soups are highly recommended too!!
Absolutely the best Thai in South Tampa. I have tried almost every dish here and they have yet to disappoint. Very friendly staff got to know me on my first visit. I pick up dinner here on a regular basis and yet to complain. P.S. Pad Thai and their Panang Curry dishes are my favorite.
This place is very true to the yelp reviews...Definitely a 5 star hole in the wall!!  There used to be a Hawaiian food truck in this location, which moved to N. Dale Mabry and now it became Kombo Kitchen.  They also have the adjacent building so there are plenty tables to eat in.  There are about 10 parking lot for this place but you can also street park.   Their food is fresh, and very tasty.  My friend and I ordered fried dumplings, spicy drunken noodle and crab fried rice with Thai ice teas.  Everything was delicious. The drunken noodle was definitely spicy even tho we ordered American spicy.  So do not go Thai spicy on that one.  That would be a mistake.  I was so glad I had the Thai ice tea on the side for my burning mouth lol, which needed a bit more ice.   The service was awesome!  A young Asian gentlemen was so nice, friendly and attentive.  Also, the female chef said hi and checked on us if everything was good out of the truck window at the end :)   I really hope this place will stay the same and keep up their food quality and service, because I will definitely come back!  Kombo Kitchen has now became my favorite Thai place in Tampa.
Our 5th or 6th visit  most times we brought friends with us. Every one  really, really liked the food.  They will adjust the food to to your preferences   The small staffing is the best. Food is cooked to order & is fresh. There is little ambiance
This place is the real deal! I felt like I was back in Thailand. We ordered.... Pot stickers- Delicious Crab Fried Rice with some extra shrimp- Amazing! I wanted to inhale the entire plate. Green Curry with Beef- So good. Perfect amount of spice. They make it to your desired hotness so if you like spicy they go for it but they are happy to hold back if you wish. There was plenty of food to share with each other and there should have been enough for leftovers but we sucked it all down like we had never eaten before in our lives. If you have picky children they accommodate by offering western style burgers and I think hot dogs. This place gets a gold star and I am so happy to see all the cars when I pass by. I hope they stick around for a long time.
This is the perfect example of how a hole-in-the-wall (or in this case, a mobile/add-on kitchen to a hole-in-the-wall) can produce delicious food, for not a lot of money, and w LOT of soul and love. What really got us about Kombo Kitchen, was how genuine the staff are. The man who took our order, offered up suggestions, and really guided us to a noodle dish (sorry, forgot the name!) he said was his aunt's recipe.  C'mon, it's gotta be good, right? That dish, along with the pad Thai, and the pumpkin red curry were out of this world.  After eating at many upscale Thai restaurants, where the prices are almost a THIRD more, I can honestly say this place has mega flavor and mega friendly people.   TIP: you order at the add-on truck outside, and can either eat outside, or bring it to the little dining space adjacent to the truck/add-on kitchen.   TIP 2:  They ran out of curry duck and sausage appetizer tonight...but a LOT of people we talked with said those were amazing.  Putting them on our list to try next time!
Stopped by today because all the great reviews, I was not disappointed. I had ordered the Chicken Pad Thai Medium, Chicken Spicy Thai Fried Rice mild, and egg rolls. All in all I was very pleased with the food. Be careful when ordering the spiciness on your food. Medium was quite spicy. I like spicy and drink sriracha sauce and found that by the end of my meal I was feeling the burn. The pad thai was fresh tasting, chicken was not dried out, and the flavor was really good. The egg roll were good. I enjoyed the fact that the egg rolls had strips of vegetables instead of the normal ground vegetable mix you get at other places. This made the vegetables in the middle have a little texture. The dipping sauce seemed to me like a orange chili sauce. I poured it allover the egg rolls because it was so good. I was not really impressed with the fried rice. The chicken was cooked well and was not dry. But the flavor was lacking. The rice did not have any flavor, the only flavor we got out of it was when eating an onion in it. We had to put soy sauce on it to add some flavor. All in all I did enjoy and would like to go back to try the curry.
2¢ corner: We the reviewer have the right to inform the public of an establishment based on your overall experience. For most, like me, this is numerous times before I sit behind this screen and place my 2¢. I've always been torn on writing a bad review, in the fact that companies look for their advertisement with hopefully a clean polished reputation. For me, I wouldn't feel right jeopardizing someone's reputation and livelihood based on isolated incidents. Despite that I know the star system is based on averages, and overall the bulk experience seems to be a great experience at KK. However, readers can be skewed on perception based on one bad review, which can become a trickle effect to maybe a portion of the following review. Hence, giving the business a skewed image. Professionalism: the conduct, aims, or qualities that characterize or mark a profession or a professional person. No matter what line of work we do, we all come across a situation where we have to bite our tongue, smile and carry on in a professional manner. I say this to note instead of focusing on the negative, glorify the positive. We the reviewer love feedback and based on this establishment their is lots of positive feedback that could draw away from the negative. For instance, "thanks for stopping by, it was great to see you guys again, great write up of our establishment, come by and see us again soon". In the end, all you can do is thrive for perfection but know that there will be bumps and some you wont be able to please, yet stand by your product and deliver it to the public the best way you know how. #hatersgonnahate  Btw, 5 - 1 = 4? ehh.... NVM...   2¢ corner closed. My knowledge of Thai food is still on its learning curve, yet, food in general I'm always up for trying something new. My first impression of any place is always a key one of deciding if I would be back to any establishment. At Kombo Kitchen, the first thing I noted for once wasn't the food, but an American and Thai crew come together as one strong FAMILY unit making their dreams a reality. It takes a specific niche in how you portray your hospitality. The couple of times I've been to Kombo Kitchen, you felt like family. I like to call it one of my fast casual date night spots. Granted, the great sights of north and southbound traffic is not so scenic, but when I sit down at their table someone from their family is their to converse with me or even my dog, service is always there for if anything is needed and if outside gets to be overwhelming, feel free to go sit inside in the indoor dining just behind their stationary food truck. I was told my dog was welcome to go inside as well which was a plus to know for future dates. Pet friendly hospitality goes a long way on my book and they make it known how much they love their pets as well. On my food experience I look for the unique factors. Mine from Kombo Kitchen was the condiment tray they bring to your table. I thought it was unique because it allowed your to steer sweet, savory or spicy to your tasting. This tray had sriracha, dry chile powder, pickled jalopenos, sliced red chiles, sugar, crushed peanuts, sweet chili sauce. Had I known this was coming I would of tamed my order, because when they make it hot, they make it like they mean it. I couldn't fathom thai hot. -Steamed dumplings - flavorful pork filling. The dried ginger? and cilantro garnish makes a great add to the flavors. -Crispy duck breast in panang curry - marked portion of duck breast was cooked to perfection, tender slices with the skin having hints of crispy even with the panang curry on it. Veggies were vibrant and al dente just the way they should be. -Pad thai - thus seemed staple to what I've tasted to at other restaurants, but I do like the added factors of bean sprouts, lime and peanuts served on the side to build flavor and texture contrast. -Padwoonsen - I really like this noodle dish in comparison to other thai noodle dishes. The glass noodle was thin and absorbed flavors well. They put numerous vegetables and herbs that makes it so tasty that would be a great vegetarian option if you chose it without meat. Again, veggies were bright and crispy. -Banana coins - these are a nice round out to a complete meal. It also give you a street eat feel. Something sweet you pick up with your fingers on the go. It looks simple but tasty. Slices of ripe bananas wrapped in wonton then fried. Once out they are drizzled with a honey glaze and garnished with sesame seed. They mount up to sweet little mini pockets of goodness. I have been to Kombo Kitchen a couple of times for a random date night excursion. The food was consistently spot on. I have never experienced the lunch rushes of others, but I do encourage if you have the time to sit down and have a meal make Kombo Kitchen your destination when craving a quality thai meal.
I have been lamenting the loss of Dakine for well over a year now, but was delighted to find another food truck set up camp in its old locale. Thai food is one of my faves and I am so glad I tried Kombo Kitchen! The name is a nod to the fact that they make both Thai and American food, but I only go here for the Thai food. It's some of the best Thai food I've ever had, hands down. They are also very friendly and take phone orders to go or you can order and eat there outside. I love their soup, especially the spicy, immensely flavorful Tom Yum Soup with a tomato-y base, lemongrass, onions, wood mushrooms and your choice of protein. I've had it with chicken and tofu, and both were delectable. They make fresh summer rolls with a scrumptious peanut sauce on the side. Good thing it's in a small cup, because I could down vats of that stuff, it's so good! The papaya salad and pad Thai are delicious. Prices are usually under $10 and they are quite generous with their portions. They seem to remember me every time I pay a visit, and they smile and say hi. Love it and long live Kombo Kitchen!
Awesome food and service.  My son killed my duck fried rice,  the flavor was just right!  Best papaya salad I have ever had and I have had many for this life time!  My husband had the short ribs, I can't tell you what it taste like because he ate it all before I had a chanced to try it.  The Lime slushy drink, the whole family was fighting over it.  YUM! If you love Thai food, its a must! Great job KK, can't wait to go back again!
Great food made to order. I tried chicken red curry and chicken pad thai. Both were great. I highly recommend stopping by.
I have been driving 13+ miles just to eat at this place. Every thing I've tried there was amazing, including spicy fried rice and drunken noodles. Service is great, staff is friendly.
Out of the car, walking across the surface of the sun, and standing in line in the blazing UV-A & B rays until I can order.  I need something tasty and SPICY to break a sweat to deal with the heat -- something I learned while in New Orleans.   "Duck fried rice special, 3-star hot." (Out of 5) Swipe of the credit card for 14 bones (added Thai tea), and then into the barely air conditioned seating area to wait.  Folding tables, children's drawings on the wall, tray of spice condiments available.  Basic, but functional.  There aren't many seats, so I wind up sharing a table with a duck hunter, and we casually discuss our respective meals.  It's a friendly place, the vibe is TacoBus at 3am / watering hole sort of mentality. A *large* portion of duck fried rice shows up steaming hot, fragrant, Thai basil and chili evident.  Dish is upper-medium spicy but with excellent balance.  The duck is unctuous, good amount of meat & skin, plays off the red&green peppers (cooked but not browned, so not bitter) and onions (browned slightly for sweetness) nicely.  Good texture to the rice:  Not mushy, but not two-day old crunchy leftovers.  Sugar snap peas are bright, crunchy/tender, add the right amount of bitterness. Five bites in and the tunnel vision hits and there's a slight "whoosh" in my ears as I start to perspire and cool off.  Mission accomplished, happily.   Highly recommended.
This is the best kept secret in south tampa. I had no idea what to expect when I first came here, but for a 'food truck' they have a full service menu of Asian and American food that's littered with AMAZING DISHES. I'm not kidding, this place is my favorite Asian restaurant in Tampa now. Don't let the untraditional seating and inside / outdoor arrangements fool you, this place serves absolutely delicious and well composed cuisine, I don't think I could be disappointed with one thing on the menu. I tried Drunken Noodles with Crispy Tofu, it was the best noodle dish I've ever had in tampa. Finished my plate clean, I can't wait to try everything else out on this menu, it's huge for a food truck style joint. At some point I'm betting this place will expand to a more traditional restaurant because the quality of food served here is unparalleled compared to the Asian cuisine available in Tampa. Just try this place, don't let the set up deter you - it's utterly delicious and worth returning to.
Really fun little place.  Ordered at the food truck, sat inside and played board games while we ate.  Super yummy food and amazing people who work there!  They are sooo nice and friendly.  nothing fancy, so don't go expecting that. Also, the thai coffee is amazing and you get a large glass!!
No long story needed. Best thai I've ever had. staff is all so nice. All authentic fresh, homemade. Go!! trust me!!
Great food and great prices! I love the papaya salad...it isn't so pungent with fish sauce. Seasoned just right and it was good the next day. I have had panang curry, basil chicken, pad Thai and pad sew. All great. Got them spicy. And it was spicy. The Thai hot was really spicy. I love spicy but Thai hot is too much for me. Panang curry is great...love the sweet taste with the spiciness. I can eat two meals with one serving. I got a bunch of dishes for $40. Feed 4 adults and had 3 or 4 or even 5 days of leftover meals. Panang curry is my favorite with papaya salad. Love the Thai tea and Thai coffee! Helps ease the spicy away.
The staff is very friendly and the food is amazing. I recommend the 'Amazing Thai' or the 'Pineapple Fried Rice' (not on menu). There is a bit of a wait as everything is made when you order. They have some burgers, fries, and chicken sandwiches for kids or people who like bland food. Just go there for lunch and you'll see.
Our first night in the Tampa area after relocating from Philly and we were on the hunt for a casual dinner. I found Kombo on Yelp and we decided to give it a try. Let me just say that it was the best Thai I have ever eaten. We love good food and one of our biggest fears upon moving to Tampa was that we would never find food as good as what we had in Philly. Kombo will be our go-to Thai spot for sure...we had shrimp summer rolls, crab fried rice, and a special with lots of veggies and cellophane noodles called Padwoonsen. It was all amazing, especially that Padwoonsen - what flavor!!! We told the owner that it was our first night in Tampa and he made us delicious welcome-to-Tampa lime slushies that were so refreshing. Such nice people and amazing food!!! Keep in mind that they make everything to order so while you order from a truck, it will take as long as a regular restaurant. They said you can call and order ahead....or just be patient and prepare for an amazing meal with delicious flavor and ingredients!
I had heard so many good things about this place that I just had to try it, and I am so glad I did.  It was amazing!  I tried the crispy duck fried rice and the drunken noodles with chicken, and both were so, so good.  I LOVE spicy food, so I asked for both of them to be Thai hot, which was perfect for me.  They also gave me additional spices and peppers on the side in case it was not hot enough for me (turned out that extra spice was not necessary but the spices looked cool).  I stopped by after work and placed my order and they said it would be ready in 10 minutes.  I told them I wanted to stop by Publix and they said they would have it ready in 25 minutes so that I could stop by Publix and still have it be warm by the time I picked it up (aka they are accommodating).  The two guys working there were really nice and I ordered the two dishes based on their recommendations.  They also said the crab fried rice is great, so I will have to try that next time.  They give you a TON of food, so my boyfriend and I had plenty of food left over for lunch the next day. This is the best Thai food I have had in Tampa and I will definitely be back!
Best Thai food I've had in Tampa. Don't let the food truck aspect fool you. When they have duck specials you can't beat the fried rice. The portions are more than fair for the price. I usually get two meals out of the crab fried rice.
The reviews of the food truck definitely made me curious to try it out. I'm glad I did. There's not much to say about atmosphere because they are literally cooking out of a trailer. That doesn't bother me as long as the food is tasty. I had the drunken noodles with shrimp medium hot which came out terrific. I would rather have deveined shrimp but maybe I'm asking for a lot. My husband had the red curry which he ordered "American hot". It came out more sweet than hot which was kind of a let down. Another time, my husband bought home crab fried rice which was OK. More crab would be nice but the flavor was still very good. For the price, you can't beat it. I'm going back for sure and in truth this is probably the Thai place I'm going to be relying on from now on.
Finally had a chance to check out Kombo Kitchen. Back in the day I used to drive far down S. Mabry for Da Kine, and now it looks like the regular pilgrimage is back on. First thing that struck me as interesting is they have have an adjacent indoor sitting area. Being a food truck purist and given the gorgeous weather, we chose to sit outside, but inside seating will be a big plus once the yearly mosquito invasion arrives. We ordered from the specials, crispy duck fried rice and beef short ribs. The ribs were terrific, great flavor and well cooked. They came with a bed of well seasoned veggies and white rice. The choice of rice was different than what I'm used to, but the flavor was spot on with that spicy, basily taste you expect from Thai fried rice. The duck was very flavorful, crispy but not dry. The service took a bit but that's understandable given the quality of the food and the size of the kitchen. Great first experience. In the words of the governator, I'll be back!
Surprisingly good Thai food. Had the crab fried rice. Fragrant, lots of spice. It would have cost twice as much at a traditional Thai restaurant.
Love everything! Kombo Kitchen continues to deliver fresh food at bargain prices. I continue to seek out a more authentic version of Thai food in this city and Kombo Kitchen stands alone. I tell as many as I can about this place and have found myself waiting 45 minutes for food due to the high volume that they are starting to produce. Check out their menu as well as their daily specials. You will not be disappointed in the freshness, quality, authenticity of this fine establishment. If you decide to stay and eat you are taken care of by the staff. They find time to bring you your food and truly make you feel as though you are a V.I P.
I love food trucks!!! Why are food trucks so amazing?!?! I was pretty sad when Da Kine left this spot but am now super excited that a great Thai food truck with reasonable prices has replaced it!!! You really cannot beat these prices on how good the food is here. The Thai food from this truck is just as good as any other Thai place in Tampa, and its much cheaper. I didn't realize until after I called for take out that there's actually a building next to it that is affiliated with Kombo Kitchen where you can go and sit down inside to eat. I got the drunken noodles and the pad thai, both of which were amazing. I am definitely going to be coming back weekly or so to try more of their menu since it is so freaking cheap! Very generous portions as well -- good for a nice, filling dinner and leftovers for a small lunch. Potstickers were meh. 2 reasons why I am not giving this place 5 stars: 1. I called in 50 minutes ahead of time and asked to pick up my order at 6:00pm. I got there promptly at 6:00pm, and still had to wait 15-20 minutes for my order to be ready. The man who was working the cash register was really nice and apologetic and said that they had gotten slammed right before I got there, but I feel like 50 minutes was enough advanced notice to where my order should have been ready on time. 2. I ordered beef with my drunken noodles and got chicken -- I'm guessing this was a result of them getting slammed with orders. Since I got take-out, I didn't realize this until after I had already left and gotten to where I was going. Despite my above complaints, I still love this place and plan on coming back all the time because the food is so good and cheap!!!!! And because I love food trucks!
Wow. I didnt expect this. A thai food truck across from the burned out market I used to like. My daughter and I were looking for a bite, so we rolled by. Walking up I expected some quick Pad and a outside table. The board looked pretty full, then she showed me a complete menu. Coconut chicken soup, check. Thats is on my order. I usually get Panang curry as a first meal. The hot was outstanding, fresh vegetables, and a nice sauce. Unlike most food trucks they give you dishes, a good choice as I hate using up styofoam when I don't have to. Its a great option. They had INSIDE tables in the commisary. Nice and unexpected. The soup, and curry were great, one of the ladies brought us egg rolls on the house. they were hot. We also were brought banana coins, wrapped in the thin roll, and friend. Delicious and sweet but flavorful. I am coming back to try the Pad thai. This place rocked me out and my daughter who is a thai food newbie loved it too.
I was so excited to eat here bc of the great reviews and I heard from many people that it was really good. I got the spicy fried rice, my husband got the special duck fried rice by recommendation from the guy taking our order. Upon tasting the two, there was no difference in flavor and the flavor was lacking. I ordered my spicy rice between medium and hot but there was no spice at all. Comparing the two dishes, they tasted the same and If I closed my eyes I would have thought I was eating white rice w some veggies and meat thrown in. I'm thankful we brought our food home so I could add some flavor- extra lime, fish sauce and hot sauce made it better but did not make up for the disappointment. Willing to try again and hoping for a better experience. Would love suggestions on what to try!
Hands down..BEST Thai I've ever had! And yes, I've tried many many places! There is seating inside as well as outside which was a surprising plus!! The food really is flavorful and full of veggies..not just rice or noodles. Thai tea is amazing as well! Even the guys running the place are awesome and helpful! I'm from Orlando but everytime I come this way I will definitely have to stop here for my Thai fix! Enjoy!!
I love this place. The spicy drunken noodles and panang curry are out of this world. Definitely the best Thai in South Tampa. The staff is always incredibly friendly also!
Authentic. Food is delicious. Good price. Order ahead if possible. Can get busy but they are efficient. People are very nice. Always smiling and they remember you.
I love the food here. It is as authentic as it gets compared to ALL other Thai restaurants here in Tampa. Though I would prefer to see Kombo grows to be a fully operating restaurant with a larger menu (hence the 4 stars). I somewhat hold back a bit with the stationed food truck concept. Having that said, people here are extremely extremely friendly, helpful and attentive. I understand why there are a number of popular dish here; they are simply very delicious (i.e. crab fried rice, drunken noddle, the curry). But venture out of your comfort zone people, have you tried the papaya salad or the tom yum soup? Maybe if Tampian have a more culinary open-mind, we would have more authentic food from around the world. Just a thought. (Sorry, the reason behind the last comment is because I notice there's a section for American food on the menu which disappoints me a little. Just stick to your food integrity, Kombo Kitchen, you'll do just fine)
It was my first time having Thai food and a friend who loves this place took me, the food was very good. The people are nice, friendly and helpful, being I do not like things spicy they made it for me with no spice at all. I will be back.
Have been back since and always consistently great.  The people there are super nice too.  Just go there!  Love it!
Delicious! The drunken noodles are to die for. I have had them with shrimp and with beef and both were just as good. Definitely recommend it! Everyone there is also very friendly.
I decided to try this place today after reading some of their 5star reviews on Yelp and since it's so conveniently close to where I work. This is the first food truck I've been to and I can honestly say it was amazing. The people that work there are friendly in a very authentic way and have excellent customer service.
Loved the food, price, everything was great! I personally don't enjoy real spicy but most faux thai places I order medium, glad I didn't here: the mild panang was perfect for me but still has a kick. My boyfriend always wants the spiciest thai spicy and I know he will get it here. The thai iced tea was the best I've had, not too thick and great flavor. I ordered veggie egg rolls, they let me substitute peanut sauce (AMAAZINGG) and even gave me extra. They ran out of egg rolls, only had one and gave me 5 pot stickers to compensate which was awesome too. Very nice and polite service, quick and delicious
Food is absolutely delectable. Large portion and reasonable price as well. Very friendly staff/chef. UNTIL I saw the sarcastic comments the owner left in response to two customers' review. I understand why the owner chose to say something but it was really uncalled for. Just an FYI -- Jasmine Thai 5 minutes away has pretty good Thai food.
Best Thai place I've had in Florida. Yummy veggie roll, great pad thai and delicious green curry!! A MUST if you are in the area.
This place rocks! I stopped by because I needed something fast but didn't want "fast food". I was pleasantly surprised. Thai food can be super over priced. Kombo Kitchen isn't. Unlike a lot of food trucks, it has a full menu as well as a board of with specials. The selection was restaurant quality. I decided to go with the Pad Woonsen with Chicken. I paid $6 for the special and I could have easily turned it into three meals. Instead I turned it into 2! I'd never had Pad Woonsen but it was great. It has clear bean thread noodles, lots of mixed vegetables, and a bunch of chicken all in a delicious sauce. I've been cutting sodium in my diet so Asian food can easily be too much for me, but not the sauce on here. Amazing value for the quality and quantity. I think the terminator said it best when he said, "I'll be back!"
Do not let the looks deter you (or the awkward name)!  This place is amazing. I have had a couple of the crispy duck dishes, red curry, green curry... But my favorite by far is the drunken noodles. You can't go wrong with it. Be sure to use the clear liquid with the peppers soaking in it. Not too spicy and adds good flavor. As has been mentioned many times, the staff is quite possibly the nicest group of people you will ever meet.
Make sure you like your fried rice crunchy and dry if you order the Crispy Duck Fried Rice but it was flavorful. The thai iced was sweet and good !
One of our wonderful patients brought us a huge portion of Pad Thai & spring rolls.  I ended up eating it the next day, and it was pretty good for being a day old.  It was served with Rice noodles and u add fresh ground peanuts and their homemade sauce.  It was pretty good, so I decided to go for dinner to try it fresh. I was a little apprehensive about eating duck from a food truck, but I'm glad I did.  I got the Panang Curry duck and it was delicious!  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The Panang sauce was probably the best I've had, EVER!  This is a food truck adjacent to a small building the have for you to eat inside or out.  This is definitely Tampa's hidden gem, and best part, this truck doesn't change locations so u can always know where it's at!
My partner and I get takeout from Kombo Kitchen multiple times per week. The food is always so unbelievably good and the service is great. My favorites are the veggie fried rice and the Phanaeng curry. His favorite is the duck fried rice.
This place is amazing on a hot Sunday afternoon after a bit of a trek the very first thing the staff greets me with is a smile a hello and then the offer of a beverage on them... little things like that go a long way and ensure that I will be a customer for life! Common Courtesy isn't that common but the warmth they showed made me wanna order the whole menu (maybe next tax season lol)  #CrabFriedRiceNoShrimpSkimp
Order the pad Thai medium it's just the right spicy level !!! The owners are so friendly !!! They need to open up a restaurant cus they're so awesome !!
Best Thai in Tampa. Everything I've tried is great. Always flavorful and inexpensive. Panang Curry with chicken is my favorite. The worst part about this place is that they're closed on Mondays haha.
This is the best Thai restaurant in Tampa. We were greeted by welcoming hellos and big smiles right when we got there. The food was comparable to that in Thailand itself. Padwoonsen was the special for the night. The flavoring was just the right amount of saltiness and sweetness. A little bit of lime on top made it perfect.
Authentic and passionately prepared. As an unofficial expert on noodle soups, the Beef Ball Soup is one of the best I've had. Do not let the accommodations, setup or aesthetic deter you from enjoying some of Tampa's best, truly authentic and delicious south Asian delights.
Had the "Red Curry w/ chix" and it was fantastic. Highly recommend for take out. Owners seem very nice and accommodating.
This place really puts a smile on everyone's face. I am in the service industry and on my first visit here they made it very clear.....they actually enjoy thier job.  It is so rare and wonderful to watch. I'm determined to try the entire menu. I have tried the pad thai, thai basil, short rib special, spicy drunken noodles, crispy duck, and pot stickers. They have all been so good.....I can't even choose a favorite.
Ah-may-zing! Service was fast, and incredibly nice. Food was hot and fresh. We got chicken pan thai and pad see ew. Yummm! Very impressed! Owner really seems to care about his patrons. Even better part, bathrooms were super clean and new!
Food truck food at its finest. When they are actually open, which seems to only be 70% of the time, the food is great and inexpensive. They have a limited menu, but what they have they make very well. We ordered the spring rolls, the amazing Thai, and the Thai fried rice. All were very good and the two main dishes were far too large to finish. This place is a cheap, no-frills spot for some great Thai. They do have an "American" style menu too including hot dogs, fries, and burgers, but I didn't give that a shot. Maybe next time.
WOW! I just bought the Pad See Ew for lunch. It is delicious! I bought the dish 'HOT'. My family is from the Caribbean so we like things spicy. Normally, I order HOT from Thai places and it comes Mild. Let me tell you something, this dish is HOT! SPICAAAAY! If you can't handle HOT dishes, do not ask for it HOT , try mild (haha!). My nose is running, yes, it's that good. They were quick and efficient. If you don't want to wait five minutes, call ahead. Staff was friendly and were very thankful of me being there purchasing their food. VERY TASTY! 5 STARS! I WILL RETURN!
