Nice view restaurant in Westin hotel. Service was good but good was not memorable.. Complimentary bread gets hard after a few min so I suggest you eat it as soon as delivered. Conch fritter sounded interesting but it was salty dried dough with a few tiny pieces of conch. Not recommend. Onion soup didn't have much cheese. Scallop & snapper dish came with only 3 scallops. Overall I'm not impressed with food or menu. Happy hour is on at the bar.
The food was ok, but the service was not the best.
Nice view if you're outside, and they validate parking! We arrived a bit before our reservation, so took a seat at the bar for a couple drinks.  When our table was ready (which took forever, even though we were one of four total tables), we paid our tab and went to head over.  Apparently the people next to us at the bar didn't pay their tab though, so the bartender asked me to send them back over.  (I didn't; do your own damn job) Dinner took nearly three hours, with long stretches of time between seeing our server.  Luckily, the rest of the staff was clearing the dining room with us still in it, so we did get to see people move chairs and tables out while we sat, waiting for our food.  And my wife needed a refill. These long, frequent, and boring pauses were getting to me, so I figured I'd chat with the bathroom attendant.  I got up and went in there, and the guy was sitting on a sink, with his feet propped up on the trash can, chatting away on his cellphone.  No dice.   I went back to the table.  My wife still didn't have a refill.
I'm really not sure what to say here. My experiences have been all over the place with Jackson's over the years. I've experienced their overpriced brunch, bad service, good service, well made drinks, badly made drinks...I mean, it hasn't been consistent. I've been not allowed in for wearing flip flops in the past. Keep in mind, for those not familiar with Jackson's, it's on an island, directly on the water. So don't think you can wear your flip slops or shorts, or whatever ridiculous apparel you think people in Florida wear. When this place does turn into a night club....run. It's like World War Z, but the zombies are wearing Armani Exchange and gallons of cologne, and I'm the square in a Columbia shirt.
Location, location, location, and good food. I ate dinner at Jackson's Bistro on a pleasant evening. We sat outside and had a good view of the harbor.  At our waiter's suggestion,  two of us ordered the grouper stack, which had grouper, crab, spinach, and potato. It was delicious. Another member of the dinner party ordered a less expensive turkey sandwich which was fine. We all had gelato for dessert. The food was good and appropriate for the price, the selling point is the view and location.
I previously rated this place a 4 as I did have some decent experiences here, but I have also had some bad ones, and after finally trying their famous Sunday brunch, they most assuredly loose a star. Weekend of the marathon I stayed at the Westin next door and luckily got one of few remaining seats as directed to by uber bored hostess. We get our drinks, coffee for him, water for me, and meander in to check out the goods. I have to say, I hate buffets. Why am I paying all this money to serve myself? Why am I eating food others have poked at? Why don't sneeze guards actually guard from sneezes? I digress... We walk around, me , I opt for mostly cheese, crackers, steamed shrimp, antipasto salad, melon. They can't do much damage to that, ah and the croissant basket. I'm good. He hits up all the other stuff, corned beef hash, Gulf oysters, cheese blintz, some ham product, etc etc. Being a guy his plate hardly stands a chance, well until he gets to said ham product which is obviously cheap and fatty, it gets nixed. The blintz, had seem it's better day 2 hours ago. The corned beef, soemnthing was wrong with that! Like they put chorizo in it or something, it was in fact, god awful . Not to say for a buffet person he didn't get his money worth. Just stuck with what he knew was good second trip around. For me, I'd never do it again. If this is the "BEST BRUNCH BUFFET IN TAMPA BAY", I'd hate to see the worse!!
There were a group of us (3) in town for a conference and we settled on reservations here. We sat at the outside bar - the view was amazing. The guys were craving sushi but the menu had some pretty delicious looking appetizers. We ordered the Conch Fritters, Calamari, and the Crab Ravioli. First off, the ravioli was AMAZING! I didn't understand the sweet corn on top, but the filling along with the sauce was great. The fritters weren't much to be desired - they were very doughy (similar to hush puppies) with few pieces of tough, chewy conch meat. Didn't enjoy that one. The calamari was just okay - we were warned that it consisted of mostly tentacle pieces, which it did. The breading was a little less conventional than most calamari dishes but I'm not sure if it helped or hindered. Probably would opt for something else next time. For dinner, we went a little sushi crazy and ordered 7 rolls: Spicy Tuna Volcano Ying-Yang Shojin Ryori - chef's specialty Lava Rainbow Happy Sumo I think those are right lol, but the only one that stood out as really REALLY good was the Lava roll. The baked dynamite (which was really just a mixture of crab, fish, and something else) really made this roll delicious. We also ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese, and surprisingly enough, it was just okay. The cheese sauce tasted a little processed and the lobster played hide and seek under the overly crisped breadcrumbs. I wasn't impressed by this one. The overall experience was a pleasant one. The staff was very nice and personable, and we left stuffed to capacity. I'd go back, but I would try some of the other things on their menu.
This review pertains to the Saturday night club situation. I know nothing about their food. Now be aware that this place is receiving a review from the standpoint of a club goer who was drunk. In that way, Jackson's is good stuff. There's valet parking, VIP, and a cover, so it has all the feelings of a posh club (but we all know better). The club is quite large, has inside/outside fun, and a few DJs, so boredom here would be by choice. Drink-wise, it's good to be a lady because I couldn't afford those drinks without selling a kidney. I can say that if I find myself ratchet clubbin in Tampa again, there's a strong chance I'd go back to Jackson's.
Got here figured nice place and great view.. And it was. The Friday happy menu is great. The service thou is horrible am currently sitting at bar with no refill of wine after a 40min wait. Not one person asked if I need a refill and I waited 40mins for 2 rolls of sushi. The service is horrible we had to ask for everything from chop sticks to refills we have not gotten. The male waiter was rude the female just seems like she was trying to pick up his slack .
Disappointed with the food, not impressed with service. Restaurant was not full, plenty of open tables, no wait to be seated. A friend and I ordered sushi rolls. Took an unreasonable amount of time and server only apologized & mentioned kitchen "must be backed up" after my annoyed face was obvious. I was already skeptical when we didn't get bread like every other table until I requested. And even then, I would expect any restaurant to stuff us with bread if they see their kitchen is going to take forever. Nope. 3 knots, 2 people. That's it. Taste wise, the knots were bland & tasteless. I ate one which I drenched in olive oil because that's the only way it was worth eating. So I was glad by that time that the server only brought one batch. Maybe the server was just looking out for us. My sushi was equally bland. I've never been disappointed with sushi, EVER. As long as it's fresh, I am easy to please. I'm even happy with supermarket sushi! But not this one. I'll be in Tampa again in a few days and will make sure to head to another restaurant for dinner.
My fiance and I went to Jackson's for some late afternoon waterfront sushi. Sushi was delicious and view can't be beat but the best part was our server, Shawna. It's always such a great experience when your server is so pleasant!
Went here for a party on Friday night. It was not what I expected, maybe because it was so dark inside but the live music was playing and people were dancing so I didn't really want to go outside. Anyway, upon arriving we went to the bar and ordered drinks. The bartender asked if we wanted to start a tab, I said yes and handed her the credit card. She asked for my ID, no problem, I showed it to her. Then she says that she has to keep both my ID and my credit card in order to open a tab. WTF!?!?! Why would I give you both my ID AND my credit card to KEEP in your possession simply to start a tab. Are you serious!?! I have never in all my days and nights at any restaurant/club/bar been asked something so completely asinine. No way in hell was that gonna happen. I asked her the rational behind such an idiotic request and she said (with a straight face), "Well, you're more likely to leave your credit card but you won't forget your ID." REALLY?!?!?! REALLY?! If, by some crazy flash of delirium, I'm THAT out of it, my ID is going to be the last thing on my mind. Needless to say, we bought our drinks and paid for them as we went along. Moving on, the sushi I had was tasty, especially the screaming salmon. That was REALLY tasty. The drinks were good too. I think I might go back for either brunch or dinner and sit outside. I have a feeling I would have a different experience. I'll update my review after that.
Not bad sushi, not bad vibe, not bad view, not bad pub fare.  Its a nice pub/restaurant on the water.  Wine list was the better one I have seen since in Tampa.  Service is ok and the place is clean.  It gets A LOT of traffic - its on the water and close to the Convention Center.  Great place to hang out.
Jackson's Bistro, Bar & Sushi has been a consistent favorite for great sushi, an amazing view of Downtown Tampa, and some mighty terrific nightlife. You'll find Jackson's right across the Franklin Street Bridge from Downtown Tampa on Harbour Island. It's in close walking distance from the Convention Center and the Tampa Marriott Waterside. We've been here several times, usually for a weekend lunch when we can sit outside on the balcony looking back into Downtown Tampa. We've also sat at the sushi bar in the evenings if we're planning to go Downtown to see a concert or a even a play at the Performing Arts Center. And, for the last two years in a row we've been there for the big New Year's Eve celebration. Each experience has been completely different, ranging from a calm and romantic luncheon to a complete zoo on the dance floor for the big party nights. If you're there for a nice meal, then I recommend sitting on the balcony (weather permitting) because the view cannot be beat. The lunch menu has plenty of soups, salads, sandwiches, and small versions of their regular entrees. There's also a full sushi menu with nigiri, sashimi, and a wide variety of rolls. At night you have the option of the sushi menu, or high-end cuisine served in an elegant atmosphere. Service can be hit or miss, which is a shame since this is such a showcase restaurant for the Tampa area. The dance club is a lot of fun, but some nights it can get insanely crowded. This has always been one of my favorite spots for a business luncheon or a fancy dinner for an out-of-town client who wants a view of the Tampa skyline.
It's a nice restaurant, with decent food and ambiance,  but the price runs high.  I hate to say this, but the quality of the food lies closer to that of chain restaurants than truly classy places.  I never understood how San Franciscans were such food snobs, but I guess I'm turning into one myself. My verdict on Jackson's Bistro: we decided to come here because it seemed pretty nice, could accommodate our large group without a wait, and was within walking distance of the Convention Center. While service was a bit slow, everything else was in place to add a certain hauteur that added a charm beyond a typical restaurant--the stunning Tampa Bay view at the patio, the classy interior furnishing, the fancy presentation with square plates. Tampa  ($5.75), fried fresh grouper , green onion, and spicy mayo: It wasn't spectacular as a roll; it turned out quite bland and could have used avocado or more spices in what was supposed to be spicy mayo. Tuna Tartar  ($14), soy marinated Ahi Tuna layered with crispy wonton,avocado, mango and citrus ponzu sauce: I've always wanted to try this elusive dish that I kept seeing amazing photos of, and I finally discovered it!  Overall as a salad it was not bad; the ingredients came together well even though the sashimi was mediocre grade.  It wasn't too filling but the crispy wonton were tasty and satisfying. As expected, the presentation was spectacular, nicely balanced in artistic terms with the neatly layered cylindrical tower topped by a garnish of vegetables on one side, and a column of triangular wonton chips atop an almost argyle pattern of zig-zag sweet and sour sauce on the other side.  Nonetheless, I do have a minor complaint that my beautiful tuna tartar was falling apart somewhat, thus compromising the otherwise perfect photogenicity.  (Is that a word? It certainly should be for matters pertaining to tuna tartar P:) Tip: I would go for the sandwiches--looks quite good and not just some boring old sandwich.  Plus, it comes with a choice of soup/salad/fries. Conclusion: While I was fairly satisfied with the overall dining experience, it did not quite seem to be worth the price.  I would definitely suggesting opting for patio seating, since the waterfront location is a highlight.  Plus, the view doesn't come at an additional cost like it does at hotels.
My date and I experienced Jackson's last night and it was definitely a mixed bag.  The setting was outstanding, as we sat outside overlooking the river and waterfront and the weather allowed for a perfect evening in that sense.   The food and service, however, were a different story.  We ordered a variety of appetizers, sushi and one main course and most were disappointing.  The shrimp chowder had almost no shrimp in it, the sushi was very small and flavorless, the calamari was OK, the edamame was limp and tasteless, the house salad was OK, although the four added shrimp (for $6) were warm and threw off the rest of the salad.  The ahi tuna main course was very bland and not cooked properly.  Combined with a friendly yet inexperienced server who got my order wrong and disappeared for long stretches, the meal was extremely overpriced (over $100 for 2 before tax and gratuity). Jackson's has great, but unfulfilled potential.  It is a shame to see such a wonderful venue squandered by incompetence.  I doubt they will survive.  Hopefully, a successor will do much better in justifying the excellent location.
My husband had heard the food here wasn't good, but we live on Harbour Island and I really wanted to try it out.  Sadly, he was right...it's not that it's bad food, it's just not delicious!  We had a standard salad, couscous and a sushi roll.  All of it was just ok.  Even the drinks had much to be desired.   It is a happening place during late night weekends as it turns into a club.  With a perfect waterfront view of downtown and screens to free you of bugs, it might be worth trying, late night!
Sunday brunch review.  Heard some people in the hotel talking about it and it sounded good.  For $22/pp it is on the lower end of a Sunday Brunch so figured we'd try.  Lots of salads, peel and eat shrimp, oysters, desserts and sushi.  Not the best I've ever had.  Service was very good and the views are great.
Note: This review is for the restaurant only, not the club. Turn down I suppose...lol. We went here on a trip with some extended family after a long day of watching baseball. Upon arrival, we were seated outside, which offered a good view of the water and downtown Tampa. The table was covered making the setting more intimate, which was pretty nice. Our waiter and his sidekick (yes, that's what he called himself) took our drink orders and they came out fast enough. I ordered a half a caesar salad to start and the Ahi Tuna for dinner. The salad was good, nothing too special about it but it wasn't bad, either. They also serve bread as a free appetizer which was delicious. I am a sucker for good bread and this bread was hot and delicious. Our main courses followed shortly after, and my tuna was very good. It wasn't a cheap tuna steak, but rather a big pice of Ahi Tuna that was seared and served with some spicy sauce. The dish was quite good--I'd recommend it. Others at the table enjoyed their burgers (I hear the pastrami burger is awesome) and fish. Service was good--it was prompt, courteous, and personable. Nothing too extraordinary but perfect for a night of catching up with family. Great location, great food, good service--I'm not complaining at all!
This place had the best French dip sandwich I've ever had! I've been to the "best" places, but this had them all beat. The meat was very tender and it came on an amazing pretzel bun.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon as they were finishing up brunch so we sat outside on the deck by the bar and given the bar/ sushi menu to order from. I ordered the crab cakes and my friends ordered the sushi. We startes with chips and salsa and guacamole which was delicious. My (2) crab cakes ( $13) came out and theu were delicious! i was surprised they did not come with a side or anything but they were good.  I was finished with my crab cakes before the sushi came out. I even waited a little while to start eating in hopes that their food would be out soon. It took forever!  We ended up ordering the garlic knots after seeing them on someone elses table. They were HUGE! and soooo delicious! Overall my experience here was decent. The food was good but the service was questionable.
I like the sushi here.  It is a fun place to go if you are in a group with some people that want sushi and some that just want regular food.  It is a bit pricey after you have drinks and appetizers so be prepared to spend. The club area is a very fun place to go dancing.  We went for dinner and somehow ended up in the club for over an hour on a whim.
Fancy restaurant and bar. Overpriced but good food. It's nice bc it's right on the water. Great location. Lights on outside are pretty cool too
Beyond buzz kill. Huge disappointment for our Valentine's dinner. While the location and yadda yadda draw you in...the food and service are lack luster. Our server, an adorable blonde was so clueless. She didn't know about Specials. She doesn't eat seafood, so she wasn't able to give us details on menu items when I asked. I waited tables in fine dining to dive bar establishments for years.... It doesn't matter if you LIKE a type of food, wine, liqueur....its your JOB! Learn it. Sell it. Make me want it and want to tip you for your knowledge and superior customer service. The waitress next to us was a rock star. Telling her table about Specials and such. I was sooooo envious of THAT table's service. Had I not been visiting a friend from out of town, I would have requested a change in servers! Unagi apps were delish. The scallops where cold and miserable. I should have stopped with the sushi. Endless apologizes and fumbles from our waitress. Happy lack luster Valentine's dinner that the cost would have been worth it if our waitress wasn't so bla and ridiculous. Let down! Oh, the valet guys didn't unlock the door to open my door. Upscale FAIL from Jackson's! Epic fail.....
Visited for brunch today with a party or 5, and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed myself. My family and I did Jackson's brunch a year ago and we each HATED it, but none of us could exactly remember why! Coming back today with friends was a wonderful idea. If service, food, and ambiance are usually like today's was, then Jackson's has officially reclaimed it's spot on the list of top-tier tampa dining experiences. Starting with the food: One table had about 5 cold salads including caprese, artichoke, and orzo, then fresh fruits, whole snapper, whole salmon, and a sushi platter. Salads looked fine, just not what I was in the mood for. Same with the fruit, but the salmon and snapper were excellent! Big fish, well cooked, but the most important thing was that they were refreshed so often. Nothing looks more depressing and gross than a picked-over fish carcass that's been sitting for 10 minutes, but that was never an issue. 90 minute brunch, I saw a new, full snapper brought out 3 times. Needles to say, I got my fill. The sushi wasn't very diverse, but it was fresh and well-presented. The only one that tempted me was the salmon and cream cheese. I didn't morn the limited sushi section for long though because there was so much else to dive into. Crispy donut holes/brown sugar fritters were great, biscuits were perfectly salty and crumbly, and the crescents were par for the course - small, more buttery than flaky, but definitely not frozen or "wonder bread" crescents. Didn't try the bacon/sausage/gravy, but the bacon looked thick and crispy, not wimpy frozen stuff, and the gravy had so much range visually that I took it to be house-made. The pastry section had apple muffins (like little bites), raisin oat muffins (didn't try), and mass-produced danishes and apple turnovers I didn't try but all looked unoffensive. The REAL pastry winners were the pecan braids and the guava cream cheese pastries! I could've eaten a plate of just those two before I got sick of them. Omlette bar and carving station (pork loin) were running, but aside from making larger omelettes than most places, I had my eyes on bigger things. Picked up cheesy tortellini from the pasta station. Not a ton of possibilities here but you only need to find one you like, right? Well I did, and it was good enough to be a $10-15 dinner entree on it's own. Eggs Benedict were perfectly portioned and neatly assembled. Didn't do the scrambled's but they looked fluffy. Fish du jour was like a cheesy or maybe pepper-creamy tilapia, very tasty, flaky, and not overly fishy. Rice pilaf was good when placed over the tilapia (my own invention), and the chicken and flank steak both got strong reviews from my party. Shrimp and oysters lagged for sure - peel-your-own freezer shrimp and the oysters got nicknamed saltwater shooters. Not breaking my heart though because there were so many other strong seafood options around like the snapper and tilapia. Just callin em like I see em. Dessert received a solid 90% satisfaction rating from the table. The cakes an cheese cakes were cocktail-style squares, as where I prefer slices of cakes. Having said that, the banana walnut trifle RULED! S'mores brownies were a fun touch, and who doesn't love a well-stocked chocolate fondue fountain. The ice cream bar really won me over though. Everyone has M&M's and Oreos, but Jackson's made two little, but massively appreciated moves: 1) They had crushed Butterfinger AND crushed Reese's! and 2) they didn't was my time with BS toppings like maraschino cherries. Roll over to the bananas foster station to top that sundae off and I was in hog heaven. Didn't do the berry bread pudding because I was running out of space, but it looked moist and indulgent, not jelly or dried out. Saving the best part for last, they had french toast, waffles, fresh whipped cream, and Big Boy cinnamon rolls. The waffles were being made right in front of you so you know they were fresh, the french toast was par but a nice vehicle for the chocolate fondue or bananas foster - I had a blast. My final and loudest praise goes to the young guy that nuked my giant cinnamon roll for me. When he found me again with my roll, this thing was a steaming, gooey glory that I bathed in the fresh whipped cream and loved unconditionally. All said, I stuffed my creaking face with some classy, gourmet food and I regret nothing! That cinnamon roll moment is a nice segue into my thoughts on the service. The outside table-waiting staff was attentive and friendly, you could catch anyone's eye to ask for a drink and it'd be there in 60 seconds. Inside, the chefs were friendly and not mad when people ordered something from them :) The refresher staff and kitchen chefs were outstanding at keeping food fresh and replenished, answering questions, and accommodating special needs (like microwaving a cinnamon roll!). Overall, I tip my hat with gusto to Jackson's for their Sunday brunch - Worth every penny!
I wasn't really impressed with Jackson's when we tried them for lunch one day.   I had sushi - the Mexican roll (tempura shrimp and avocado) and Hollywood roll (real crab, avocado, and cucumber).  The sushi rolls were very small and pretty bland.  Both rolls would have been much better with a spicy sauce or something. My hubby's French dip was slightly better.  The sandwich was huge but also a bit lacking in flavor.  He enjoyed the side salad.   Service was extremely slow, even though they were half empty.  We had to ask another server to find ours so we could pay.   If you have sushi in your name, it had better be good.  Especially at these prices. In my opinion, Jackson's just isn't worth the trip.
Few options of walking distance from the Convention center. This one offers a great view of the water and outdoor seating as well as take out which you can order outside. Enjoyed sushi, soup, salad, dessert. (yea, my work paid for it) Enough to fill up a Gluten Free vegetarian. Service could have been better, think when you are solo, they ignore you more.  They also never expect me to order dessert.  Either because i am skinny to them or look like a cheap skate.  I will take the skinny.
We stayed at the Westin, and after looking for a while where to eat, we found Jackson's and decided to give it a try. Best decision ever. Delicious food, good prices. We even had brunch there the next day. Would like to go again someday.
We stayed at the Westin, and after looking for a while where to eat, we found Jackson's and decided to give it a try. Best decision ever. Delicious food, good prices. We even had brunch there the next day. Would like to go again someday.
I was about to give up on Tampa after a few visits to Ybor City. No offense to the locals, but that street is Austin's Sixth Street Gone Wrong.  Then I discovered the lovely Harbour Island area and realized that I just haven't experienced the good parts of Tampa. Phew! We found ourselves at Jackons's for dinner in Harbour Island, which was conveniently located behind The Westin my in-laws were staying at.  There's a little something for everyone on this menu: burgers, salads, and even sushi for raw fish addicts like myself.  I'm usually a bit suspicious of sushi from nontraditional sushi restaurants, but the yelpers raved about it so figured I couldn't go wrong.  And the yelpers were right (as usual)!  I truly enjoyed all of the fresh sashimi and crab roll that came with the Jackson Sushi Dinner.  Everything else seemed to be a hit at our table as well! I hear this place also turns into a club late night. Clubbing isn't quite my thing these days, but I'd definitely come back for more sushi and other good eats.
I have eaten here once and done the nightlife thing a bunch of times. The best part about Jackson's is definitely the location and the view outside. Absolutely beautiful, and would probably be a great place for a date night. The most fun I had here was when I came for a somewhat locally-famous DJ and the place was packed. I literally felt like I was in a Miami club on South Beach. Beautiful people, view and great music. The cover was atrocious, but people paid it! They can get away with those kinds of things since there are not a whole lot of options in the surrounding area. Once you're there, you're there. However, this place is a total hit or miss. Most recently, the visit was a flop. I think my friends and I crashed some kind of lesbian private party in one room, which was the most fun part, while the outside area was full of plastic-looking aging golddiggers and their 20 year older boyfriends... it was weird. Not my scene. And yet they still charge a cover. Dafuhh? Oh well.... a place to experience, at least for the ambiance.
During a recent trip to Tampa, our group didn't know where to go for dinner.  Lunch had been terrible and we were starving.  "My lost friends, I have my yelp app."  Let me tell you 3 stars doesn't do this place justice.  Here's why: Decor- Classy but not to stuffy.  Nice view of the water.   Food- Delish!!  I had the Caesar salad which is a fairly simple salad and yet somehow they made it gourmet. Drinks- well the occasion didn't call for it but they did have an extensive wine menu.  We just decided not to venture that route. Service- my theory is as long as my glass is always full and table is always clean I am happy.   If I dare venture to Tampa again Jackson is on the top of my list.
WOW. Was on Harbor Island for a Conference (Staying at the Westin that is connected practically to Jacksons).... It was a hot day, and I didn't want to walk far, so I initially chose this place by Default. I was getting my order to go... so I sat at the bar, ordered a burger and some sushi and took in my surroundings. Just outside the indoor seating is a quite nice and seeming upscale patio with a variety of seating arrangements placed close to the water. Shade was not hard to find, and is a necessity in an area where hot is HOT and shade is a must have... especially if you want to be able to enjoy the waterfront view. The service was super friendly but a little slower for to-go... but I was ok with that, drinking a beer, chatting with others at the bar, all from out of town as well.... everyone seeming at ease...... When I got back to my hotel ( hint heat haters... you can get back to the Westin without even going outside!!!) ... I ate EVERY SINGLE piece of my sushi... not too shabby for a Non-Sushi place!!! I am not a big burger eater, but I enjoyed that as well.... you know its a great catch when you can enjoy to go food from a place that is normally suited for inhouse dining. I wanted to go back again while at my conference but ran out of time and most of our food was supplied.... but we come back every year and I'll enjoy this place again i am sure... and have an inhouse dining experience...
Pitiful We showed up at around 8:30pm and asked the hostess for a table for 3.   "I'm sorry, that will be about a 25 minute wait."   Umm... REALLY?  The restaurant was half-full and there was NO ONE on the list above our name when she took it down.  It was the most obvious "bar bump" I have ever experienced in my life.   Nonetheless, we decided to still give it a shot.  We head to the bar and are greeted by a very nice younger lady bartender.  She was awesome.  She was without a doubt the best part of the entire evening.   We order our food: Wings, some sushi, and 1 entree.  The wings arrive at the same time as the entree.  And then the sushi arrives 20+ minutes after that.  WTF?! The wings were AWFUL.  HORRID.  Gelatinous skin, minimal sauce, and no real flavor.  Ugh.  The entree was decent (mahi), but was over salted and slightly overcooked.  The sushi was the most horrible sushi I've ever had in my life.  The rice tasted like bad Chinese takeout rice, the fish was far from quality, and the presentation/assembly was just plain sad. 0 Stars if I could.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Jackson's yet! Please note, this review is only for their Sunday brunch. That said: holy shit. Their Sunday brunch is unbelievable. So much variety, and everything I've tasted has been wonderful! Breakfast is certainly the star of the show. From corned beef hash, to eggs benedict, to smoked salmon, they have everything! They also have great lunch foods, a carving station, a waffle station, and omelette station, and a chocolate fountain for indulging in dessert when you've finished your meal. Best brunch I've ever had, hands down, no contest. Beyond the food, the servers are friendly and always on top of the drink refills. Also, Jackson's is in a fantastic location. You can sit indoors or out, though I highly recommend outside if the weather isn't too hot. I'd be here every Sunday if I could! Highly, highly recommended!
I've been to Jackson's a couple times and I've pretty good experiences there. The last time I went for food, I had the Volcano Roll. It's my absolute favorite, so I think I'd be hard pressed to find one I didn't like and this place did not disappoint. I do, however, have to say that the service was pretty slow the last time we were there. The food took a very long time and so did the splitting of the checks. There's an entirely different room just for getting your groove on, (do the kids still say that?) That part is really fun! If you are in the mood for fine dining and then a little dancing afterwards, Jackson's is your place!
Went there on a business dinner with a total of 5 people in our group. We started outside around 6pm at the bar on a Tuesday and had great service. We moved inside for dinner and had excellent service and the food was very good. I would definitely get the tuna tar tar again it was amazing. The heirloom tomato salad with arugula was also very good. Overall we all had a great time and all thought the food was great.
Returned to Jackson's a few weeks back with some friends as a goodbye lunch. We had their clam chowder to start us off, it was good...but not the best I have had. It tasted a little like corn chowder actually. We ordered sushi rolls and my California Handroll was excellent, but the waitress forgot to put in my Rainbow Roll. No big deal, within about twenty minutes I had my roll in my hands. It was actually the end of the meal when service started to tank and after bringing us our check the waitress did not return to our table at all. After about thirty minutes of chatting I got up and went to the host desk and asked to pay my bill. The host told me my server would handle it and when I explained I hadn't seen or heard from my server in thirty minutes, the host took care of the bill there. It is actually the first time I go there and have a service encounter like that, but it seems some Yelpers have been experiencing the same thing so I hope Jackson's cleans up their customer service because I actually really do like their sushi and the great waterfront view of Tampa that is available there. I also went to their nightclub as well on a Saturday night. The nightclub is pretty fun with three large dance rooms: one room is Techno/Dance music, one is Salsa/Spanish music (seemed to have the oldest crowd), and the last room had Hip-Hop/Top 40s playing. A good variety of music lots of dancing space and plenty of bars so you could get service...plus the waterfront view at night is fantastic. Cover was $10...not bad. I'll want to check this out again in the future.
Some girlfriends & I were staying at the Embassy Suites in downtown Tampa & chose to dine at Jackson's due to the proximity to our hotel. It was an easy 5-10 min walk through a safe neighborhood.  Loved the location on the bay. With that being said, we had some issues trying to make a reservation. We called at about 3:00 to reserve a table for 8 at 8. The lady on the phone said that the earliest time would be 9:30. When we asked if we could just show up & wait, she essentially said no.  We decided to call again at about 4:00 & the male on the phone said that he could get us a table but it would be outside by a heat lamp. We decided to take it even though it was January. When we got to Jackson's there was NOBODY there. When I asked if we could sit inside, they acted like it was a really big deal. After we were seated inside, the service was slow. We waited appx 40 min for our sushi. The waiter was very hesitant to split our checks & that took an additional 20+ minutes. Now I'm no sushi buff, but I thought it was good. I shared a lava roll, mexican roll & tampa roll with a friend. It was fresh & the presentation was pleasing. I dont think I will be rushing back to Jackson's as the overall experience was mediocre for the price.
Harbour Island used to be a vibrant and favorite gathering spot for many. Slow, but sure almost everything closed and it was like a ghost town. I was thrilled to see the Seafood Festival taking place at this location. While the Seafood Festival fell flat, it gave me a chance to visit Jackson's Bistro. First let me say being on the water earned it an extra star. It has a large outside bar and seating area to dine. Not the best river view, but this lady loves the water! It was lunch, so I tried their French dip sandwich, it came with a salad and fries. The salad, was merely a salad, nothing special and did not have that good crisp crunch that comes with fresh lettuces. The fries were enemic and undercooked. The meat in the French dip  was a bit chewy and way under seasoned, if it was seasoned at all. The roll was quite good for a mass production product and the dip portion was packaged and had no depth of flavor. The location and being able to eat waterside, on a beautiful day like today is 5*, unfortunately today's food was 2*. It was clean, staff was polite, prices way to high for quality, but not for ambiance. Unfortunately,  I was not impressed. What's a girl to do? Keep looking for great waterfront restaurants!
Jackson's is just awesome, great night club, great restaurant and awesome view. They have the best rice pudding in the world which is served during their Sunday brunch. The nightclub is super fun and has 3 dance floors with different style of music with almost guarantees you to have a good time
I stay at the Westin Harbour Island for work and this is our "I'm too lazy to do anything spot".  For a restaurant at your doorstep, there could be way worse options. (Side note: I usually review Philly restaurants, but have to come to Tampa for the next three months...sorry Tampa, now you have to deal with my opinion of you.) Anyways, I have probably been to Jacksons about five to six times in the last month and it never disappoints...and it never is great either.  Being from Philly, I always start with the Tampa roll because I love grouper and just cant get it up in the Northeast.  After that you can't really go wrong, as most stuff is done well enough.  It is pricy for what you get and if I actually had to pay for it rather than expense it, I would probably not come here.   That said, the service is always friendly, the view of the Bay is awesome...haven't gotten off work early enough for sunset, but I hear that is great here.  Overally, not a bad spot and definitely a plus to business travelers at the hotel.
On a sunny Tampa day we sat across the bay with two nurses celebrating nurses week in view of Tampa General. We commented on what a gorgeous day it was, and how unfitting the unused Gothic crematorium smoke stacks were in the distance.  Holland attentively took our orders and kept our water glasses filled to the brink, while educating us on our food choices. He was funny, and chipper. They offer gelato now, and more sushi proving it may still have a pulse. Our friend couldn't believe this place could turn into a douchebaggery by night! The drinks were fair, all was pretty comfortable, and predictable as boats glided by. Ripping us from the view she mentions the blandness of her dish and suggests soaking the entire thing in peanut sauce. My twin and I laugh. "Welcome to Jackson's!" I had the Lava roll and wondered what they might taste like if those crematorium stacks were pumping human ash across the bay again, and into my food. I think they'd be very much the same. While I may never go out of my way to eat here, the view and service is unbeatable.
Very nice. The view of the bay is awesome. The food is good. It's a bit pricey, but you pay for the good stuff right? Sit outside in December in the sun and 80 degree weather and enjoy life with a cocktail while the rest of the country freezes!
Jackson's always fabulous brunch, amazing service ad fabulous water views are a few great reasons why I love coming here. I love the outside seating on the water and cabana style seating. This makes for a great date night or an amazing family get together got brunch or dinner. Jackson's has really terrific staff that cater to you and make sure they do it with a smile. The food ranges from sushi to breakfast to seafood and on. It is one of my S Tampa favorites.
Don't waste your time. Stopped in to have a drink in the bar, halfway through my drink, an employee comes by and says... We are taking your chair. So they pull all the chairs out from under everyone drinking at the bar and put te Hem at "reserved" tables. Really? I guess there is s first for everything... But that was a first for me.  Excuse me... I'm having a glass of wine here... Sorry.. (Dumped in floor) we need your chair. Last time I will ever set foot in that place.
I'd like to start off by saying this yelp was for a "LUNCH ONLY" evaluation during a slow period of the restaurant. Location: Picturesque environment with a fantastic view of the bay makes this a great choice for groups to meet and capture the Florida atmosphere. A friend and I thought it a good place for lunch and discuss business during our break in the conference we were attending across the bridge. Despite it being a cooler day we sat outside to enjoy the view. Drinks: Good wine list but decided on ordering a martini from the bar, which was prepared to well. I give the bartender good marks. Appetizers: Wanting something different from Virginia I ordered the Conch Fritter. It was good but didn't equal the high level look and feel of the place. Lunch: I ordered the Cuban sandwich with fries, good choice as it was tasty and good price but once again no wow. Staff: The hostess and our waiter was attentive polite but not really inviting...but I don't have any complaints. Overall: Clean, classy and good for lunch but I wasn't wowed by the food, still, a solid choice of for folks visiting from out of town. I give 4 stars based on the ambiance, drinks and the food that was good but not great was fair priced. I look forward to trying it for dinner on my next trip to Tampa.
Went to Jackson's Bistro for lunch.  I loved half of my meal and hated the other half.  Started of with the miso soup which was horrible.  The tofu in the soup was of low quality and the soup was overcrowded with shitake mushrooms and white scallion strips that were impossible to eat in the soup.  I appreciate the attempt to give the soup a modern twist, but it just didn't work.   The sushi was good, but I have had better.  We ordered the Spicy Tuna roll, the Lava roll, and the Ying Yang roll.  The spicy tuna roll was as expected, very fresh tuna.  The Ying Yang roll was pretty good also, but I probably wouldn't order this one again because I find white tuna a bit bland.  The Lava roll was tasty with the exception of the baked dynamite on top.  I would have preferred a lightly seared fish on top; the "dynamite" tasted a like warm canned tuna...yuck! For dessert our table split a very disappointing piece of chocolate cake.  (I see why it was removed from the menu.)  We should have gotten the strawberry dessert we saw a waiter carrying, but I changed my mind when I heard the strawberries weren't fresh. Our waiter was attentive at first; always pouring refills before our glasses were empty.  At the end of our meal our waiter disappeared to wait on another table so we had to wait 20 minutes before he finally charged our credit card.  This would have been understandable if the restaurant was busy, but the restaurant was pretty quiet at this time. Overall the food was hit or miss, but at least we got to enjoy a pretty view of the water and downtown Tampa while we dined.  Due to the lackluster food and high prices I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
This place can be fairly pretentious.  The food isn't great and for Sunday Brunch, it's ok, but not worth the price. It is a great spot on the water and is accessible by boat.  That is what makes this place somewhere you can go and have an ok meal but mostly enjoy the view and the  water. If you're looking to impress someone with the food, however, don't bring them here, it's just not that great. UPDATE:  Making this a 2 star just because of the ambiance, the water, the view and because I'm generous.
This is my rating towards the club, not the food.  I have never eaten here.  I love how they have 3 different dance floors: House, Hip Hop & Top40, and Reggaeton (Latin).  You probably will find a music playing you like.  I felt the DJ for the Hip Hop floor should have done a better job with his choise of music though.   It was not difficult to order a drink at the bar and the bathroom is very clean and well maintained with all the necessities ladies might need for a night out and stay pretty.  I think this is one of the best clubs in Tampa.
I really enjoyed this place.  A couple girlfriends and myself went here for Sunday brunch.  It was $19.95 and an all you can eat buffet.  They had everything from eggs, bacon, french toast, fruit and other breakfast foods to a pasta station where you pick the ingredients and they will cook it in front of you, a meat station where they'll carve it for you, such as roast beef, ham or turkey.  They also have salads, pasta salads, seafood, and not to mention an entire dessert table.  Everything I ate was delicious, but my favorite was definitely the pasta station! We sat outside, which was really pretty right on the harbour and they had fans that were fairly quiet and barely noticeable except that they kept us cool on a hot day.  I'd like to go back to Jackson's one weekend at night.  I hear it's a fun place and they have music and a good crowd at the bar.   I can't review on any other aspects of this place other than Sunday brunch, but I would definitely recommend it...and can't wait to go back.
In town for a sorority conference and Jackson's was close to our host hotels. My group made a reservation via Yelp and had no issues. We were seated immediately when we arrived. The food was good, but the sushi portions were smaller than most other sushi places I've been to. Overall, it was a good experience.
First time here.  Our server  To Howard was great.  They even have nurse bacon from Wisconsin  here!!!!
I'll start with the good: the nightclub is great.  I've been a few times.  The view is amazing. The drinks are OK.  The food is about 2 stars. The sushi is ehhh and the pork chop looked great but was bland. Coconut shrimp was the worst I've ever had.
Upon returing to Tampa, my team had a dinner at Jacksons. I am happy to say that we were very very pleased with both the service and the food this time around. It was a large group, many of whom were running late and the server was patient and at ease while people arrived at varying times with varying orders. The food was excellent and the atmosphere, as always, was second to none in the area. I am very glad we returned for a second visit!
Great view and service! I wouldn't recommend to eat here though.  My steak tasted like cooked meat without seasoning, but A1 made it better. :)
We went to Jackson's on whim, to try something new. We hoped the rain would hold out so we could enjoy our meal outside. We were quickly seated, but asked if we had a reservation. I am assuming that in order to experience the waterfront, and have the best seats under a cabana you would need a reservation. The scenery was beautiful and quiet. We were given a lunch and sushi menu. I ordered the Maryland Crab Melt, and my boyfriend ordered the Cuban Sandwich. We also ordered Sushi, I had never had it before so I am not one to judge on its quality. We ordered the avocado roll, and the Tampa roll. The Tampa roll is a fried grouper with green onions and has a spicy mayo on top. They were both delicious. I have a weak tolerance for spicy stuff, and the spicy mayo had a kick. Wasn't bad at all. The Crab Melt was good. It was a tad greasy. The crab cake was covered in a melted cheese which brought out the taste even more. The bun/roll to crab ratio was a bit much. Too big of  roll for such a small crab cake. I eventually took it off and enjoyed the crab cake on its own. My side dish was New England Clam Chowder. It was creamy and flavorful. Not the best that I have ever had, but still well worth the sacrifice of French fries. The Cuban Sandwich was authentic and had the right amount of meat on it to remain appetizing. Not overwhelmed with mustard.  The French Fries were crispy and delicious and actually less greasy than the Crab Cake. I think trying the lunch menu was the best first experience for Jackson's. I think the dinner menu was quite overpriced, and the food wasn't something you can't find somewhere else in Tampa. It doesn't mean I won't ever return to try the dinner menu. Will be back when the weather cools down, to enjoy Channelside even more.
The food was delicious and the server was very helpful in making suggestions. I enjoyed the atmosphere. No complaints!
Didn't try the food. Service was extremely poor and very slow. Rude and clueless hostess, table wasn't cleaned properly, wait staff was visibly confused about their tables. Seems like it's just too large a place and must be poorly managed to boot. We had a nice laugh about it and left for greener pastures.
Went to Jackson's for the Sunday brunch. The view is beautiful and the atmosphere of the restaurant is relaxed.  The food was pretty good, when available. Throughout the course of breakfast there were a lot of foods on the buffet line that were empty. They need work on restocking the buffet, but overall a pleasant brunch.
I'm glad I didn't read all these negative reviews before going to Jackson's tonight. I had a great experience. I sat outside and ordered at the bar. The steak was delicious and perfectly cooked, along with my scallops. I can't remember my bartenders name but he was a good guy and my beer was never empty. Ignore all the naysayers and give this place a try.
Went to the nightclub, it is good with the variety of music and entertainment.. Cover charge is a bit steep compared to competition, but overall a good experience!
Service - 0 stars (thanks, Lance P.) - should probably pay me to eat there... Food - 3 stars... I was traveling on business with a few colleagues and we decided to stop in after a long day since it was close to the hotel. We were seated quickly and given the menus. As I was browsing the wine menu, the waiter, Lance P., came to our table. I'd love to say he greeted us, but that is far from the truth. He asked if I was going for a bottle and when I replied "no" he promptly - and very rudely - grabbed the menu out of my hands and flipped to the "wines by the glass" page and stashed it back in my hands stating that that was where I wanted to look. I have NEVER seen such rudeness in the first 5 seconds of interaction that I did that night. When I decided on a glass, it became very obvious that Mr. Better-than-Thou didn't know a damn thing. For food I settled on the Lobster Mac side which ended up being quite good. There was a lot of lobster in it, and it tasted fresh. The others I was with ordered a bunch of sushi, and since I'm not a sushi fan I'll have to take their word, which they called "life changing"..."some of the best sushi I've ever had"..."definitely in the top 5".  Seemed pretty legit to me!  We were warned by Sir Lance-o-not-so-nice. that it would be nearly an hours wait for the sushi, but reassured it was worth it...so we went with it.  Possibly realizing how much of a horses ass he had been earlier and continued to make of himself, the Honorable LP "called in a favor" with the sushi chef that, according to Mr. Pompas, "Loved" him...and we got our food in less than 15 minutes. I'm guessing it had something to do with the fact we were his last table of the night because he was very vocal about that. The service makes a big impact on people - especially in an area where business travelers frequent and will return to the office with recommendations on places to eat and ones to avoid. Despite liking the food, I will put this on my "Avoid" list. If one employee acts that way, I'm fairly certain there are others like him, and a major management problem that makes me leery of what else is/isn't happening in that establishment.
Nice menu but nothing special . The view and location are better then the food .chicken Marsala was far from good The grouper was good . The pasta chicken Ok .
My friend and I went to Jackson's while she was in town. We arrived for dinner at 8 PM and were seated outside. The restaurant view was gorgeous of Tampa and great for someone who is coming from out of town. We ordered the crab ravioli and 4 different sushi rolls with sake. The crab ravioli was delicious and the corn emulsion was tasty. Our rolls were delicious, the Tampa roll with grouper was amazing and the green onion gave a little kick. The slammin salmon was very flavorful as well. For dessert, I had the s'more bar and my friend had the peanut butter torte. As much as I love s'mores, the torte was delicious.
Came for a wedding. Good view. Potatoes a bit salty. Roast was rare' not medium rare or medium like is normal for large groups. Pasta was burnt, yea burnt. Overall mediocre at best. I wouldn't actually pay money to go
i like this place so much that i am going to have my wedding there. staff very friendly. sushi are amazing.
This pertains to Sunday Brunch. Havn't been in a couple years wow how it has changed. The fruit tray was full of old sour fruit. The service was very slow. The serving utensils were very dirty. My wife had the bananas foster she said it was sour tasting. The chocolate fountain was a disaster chocolate everywhere. If you only want the breakfast type food waffles, omlettes ect they were ok... I used to love this brunch but wont go back.
I was here for a Bridal Shower in the rented private room (decent good views of the water and decent food - I think it was 40$ a head) and then again for dinner.  The food is ok at best, nothing to break you neck to get to but beats fast food. We had the shrimp and scallop linguine, the lobster mac and cheese and a turkey club sandwich. The pasta dish lacked true flavor just seafood thrown in with some kind of bulk ordered sauce, the mac and cheese tasted like something typical and out of a container in the frozen good aisle and the turkey sandwich tasted like something from home - no super delicious meat or fancy to die for bread.  We went on a Saturday evening around 8 pm and they were packed!! We did not have to wait and was seating quickly but it took forever more than 10 mins for us to be greeted by our waiter and then another 15 after that to get bread. I don't remember being served a sushi menu and I didn't even know they served sushi until I looked this place up afterwards on yelp. Its not bad but don't get your hopes up too high. And they validate parking so that helps and its within walking distance to several hotels (the Westin is on top of it) and rental condos.
For the price, I've experienced better. Good variety in the brunch buffet, but some items were cold and had that "been sitting out" texture (like the overcooked eggs Benedict). Most likely won't be back anytime soon, unless there's a special occasion.
Brunch review only - my family and I really enjoyed Sunday Brunch @ Jackson's. There was a nice selection of food, including pasta & omelet stations and a chocolate fondue fountain. Our waiter was helpful and attentive, plus the views were priceless. The price for the buffet itself, is more than a typical brunch buffet, but we will be eating there again.
The only thing worth visiting for is the view and setting.  The hostesses are extremely rude, the people answering the phone for reservations are rude, the service is poor, and the food is less than average.  I have been for brunch, lunch, dinner, late night, etc and have never had a good experience.  Not once. My review is based on repeated experiences in trying to make reservations for various events.  They typically are very unwilling to accommodate whatever requests you have as I guess they simply think the tourists, business crowd from downtown / Harbour Island, and Westin / Marriott guests will keep them busy.  They definitely turn a blind eye toward locals. I'll only visit in the future if I need a place to watch Gasparilla invasion or other events in the area.
Better than your average Sunday Brunch Buffet.  I'm not a buffet fan since I prefer ordering from the menu.  My son Cody picked this place because he has a friend that works here-to remain unnamed.  We had a party of 8 and chose to sit outside on the patio overlooking the bay.  It's a very comfortable setting with a beautiful view.  The service was attentive but not too much so.  Variety of food choices from breakfast selections to sushi to desert.  Something to appeal to most tastes.
Picture this, Sunday afternoon around 2 pm and the beautiful sun is out with this amazing cool breeze. Could not ask for anything more...... Oh but wait why not a some what fancy restaurant with a nice scenery of Bayshore Tampa Bay!? Pretty cool with me. Travis and I got all snazzy to go on a little lunch date because we haven't in a while. Jacksons is located close to the convention center and its a nice location in Tampa. The parking is down like if it was a tunnel and the first 2 hrs are free if at Jacksons and you get your parking ticket validated. Thats a plus. So we walk in its a nice building and the ambiance is ahhhhh "in my relaxed voice" nice. We walk in and not ever being there before we thought it was fully open with a full menu. Well this is were the 3 stars come into play. If it wasn't such a beautiful day we would have wanted to sit inside but that was closed and off limits. Also half the outside was closed and only the bar area was open so we all squeezed in on one side. They didn't have a full menu and no happy hr but in small print on the paper flyer type menu they gave said ask about our happy hr.!? The food was ok but to be in a restaurant like that I would have liked a bigger selection and not just a burger.....BLAHH...... The service was good also the prices and so was the time I spent on my date. I know this restaurant has great potential I just know to come before 2 or after 5. Until next time amigos!
We checked out arts on the water. We just didn't like how you have to pay for parking. glad we only stayed for less than 30 minutes and paid $1 for parking, lol. The arts on the water was nice, and the best view ever. we were going to eat at Jackson's but all they basically had was pizza, calzones, burgers, and sushi. they were pretty pricey though so we left.
A plethora of variations in choice for genres of food. You can have several different styles of food with a few variations of each. The view is fantastic and the ambiance inside has a soft hum. Parking in the underground deck is recommended if you can remember to get your receipt validated.
The food here is spectacularly mediocre. With an ambitious menu and a beautiful sunset over the Channel Harbor, I had much higher expectations than the bland lobster bisque and the cold cardboard Maryland Crab Ravioli...when they arrived. After the first waiter took my order he disappeared, so I flagged down another one 15 minutes later who was faster. Even the beer tasted funky, like the tap hadn't been cleaned in a year or three. I wouldn't be surprised if the Health Dept had to shut this place down. One star for the view. Everything else about this place was terrible.
Their garlic knots sound kind of cute. Orders of 6 or 10 I think. They were huge!! Six piece order Delivered on a 16" round platter. More like door knobs than knots. Chop salad was pretty light on all the good stuff. A lot of greens only.
This place is KICKING on a Friday night and filled with very beautiful people.  They even have dancers and occasionally a guy who plays with fire.  Worth checking out if you really want to party hard. Friday Nights: $10 cover Dress Code: no sneakers, collared shirt (guys)
I was out of town with my wife in downtown Tampa and the hotel we were staying at suggested Jackson's for great seafood. We had a great time at Jackson's. One of my favorite things on the menu was the wine flights they were offering.  Four different themes to choose from, which I thought was really cool (I had a wine flight from Alsace and my wife stuck with wines from Washington State and it was awesome). Food was good - we had sushi (Was it the best, no. Was it good enough while enjoying a view of the water and having a nice candle lit dinner on their patio? Yep, sure was!) and had the grouper stack entree and a surf and turf special.  Was there perfect execution?  No, there was no spinach on my dish (as advertised on the menu) and my wife's steak was overcooked.  But luckily, the Strawberry Shortcake dessert saved the day....total decadence! I had a really good experience at Jackson's and it's definitely a place I would return to!
I've tried to like Jackson's. I really have. We tried again today but just can't get over the hostess attitude.  I recall from a previous visit the brunch being vey varied but nothing stood out.  And the sushi?  Terrible. The Mexican roll shrimp had been fried hours prior and refrigerated, so the roll was chewy and cold.  So if your food is mediocre to terrible, you need to balance that out with superior customer service.  Starting with the hostess.  Whether it was intentional or not, I was made to feel my business was not  needed. And they sure seem to be very popular.  Whether it's the location or the perceived lack of options, a lot of people eat there.  Good for them. I'm done and not going back.  I said that before but it was a while ago, and maybe I thought they'd improve.   They haven't. Customer service and the first impression you get, starting with the host or hostess on the welcome stand is crucial.  If I wanted snotty service there's plenty of fast food places I can go to, thank you.  At Jackson's I expected better, and didn't see it.  YMMV.
I would rather not...on all fronts. Yes, it has a great location looking over the water.  That doesn't even come close to making up for what this place lacks. The food is poor, the nightlife scene is a wannabe Miami (pomade, unbuttoned shirts, gold chains, and Ed Hardy), and the people are plastic.   This place should host tryouts for VH1's Tool Academy, along with Cheap, The Kennedy, and Hyde Park Cafe. If that is your scene though...
To start off, our server Chuck could have been better. He took a bit longer than he should have to bring anything out or take our dishes. The conch fritters were pretty good.  My seared salmon came with a bland pea sauce and some under seasoned potatoes. The salmon itself was good but the sides were lacking flavor. Solid 2/5 for me.
So, despite living in Boston, I feel that I am well-qualified to review Jackson's, given that I was there every.single.day while I was in Tampa. Let's start with the (really) good: The view is awesome. The sushi is really good -- super fresh and verrry reasonably priced. The bar menu. (which I personally found to be better than the regular menu!)  Edemame? Count me in! Then there's the rest: The crowd is totally mixed; I don't think it was especially snobby or especially collegiate.  Then again, I wasn't trolling for dates, so. The lunch menu is ok but not great; I will say, however, that the sandwiches are HUUUUUUUUUUUUGE. The dinner menu is really "meh".  You can tell that they're trying to have the classic "upscale seaside dining experience" but where their prices matched the dim dining room/jazz music atmosphere, they certainly did NOT match the kakhi-short wearing crowd out on the deck.  The food on the menu was far from inspiring; I'd stick with sushi if you end up there late-night. Also, whaaaaaaaaat was with the Friday night dance party?! It was as if Jackson't was a sports bar that suddenly had a change of heart.  By about 10pm it was was Club Jackson's - packed with young peeps and lots of loud hip-hop.  Interesting. Anyhow, if I ever return to Tampa, I'll definitely be back here.
If I were just writing a review about the food at Jackson's, I MAY just give a 3 Star rating. Not because it's not good chow, but because their vegetarian selection is pretty paltry. But the atmosphere and the view from the outdoor seating area are worth at LEAST one extra star! Jackson's is located on Harbor Island, right across the bridge from the Tampa Convention Center. You get to sit with a great view of the water, the opposite shore at night and the river traffic - a great Tampa waterfront experience. It's also the only restaurant in town that I know of that's ON the water! This is a great restaurant for date night with a decent wine list and romantic atmosphere, but also a good spot to bring out-of-towners for a little Tampa indoctrination.
I'm never ever ever going back to that place. First of all ITS OVERPRICED!!! specially for what you receive. Its not even that fancy, I've been to wayyy better places with cheaper prices. My bf ordered a .99Cent plate and go charged $20+ it was literally 5 raviollies !! I had a almost $30 plate.. the pistachio encrusted lamb.. Half of the lamb was fat. And I had better... With two drinks... 2 normal ceasar salads...no appetizer.. no dessert.. with tip.. we spend $196. I'm not a person that regrets spending good money if the place its worth it.. but its not.. I was so pissed when I left. The service isn't that good either... We had to use the utensils that we used for the salad for our second course.. When I asked the waiter for more, he just pulled them from the table next to us and gave them to us. He reacted if I was asking for him to get naked. I was sooo disappointed  with this visit that I'm never ever ever going back again.. I've seen better views.. it was not worth $100 !!!!!
I came to Jackson's for a work dinner and was limited to 3 choices for dinner because of our party size.  I ordered the Salmon and it came out a bit cold, overcooked and dry, and the flavor was nothing special.  I will try this place again when it isn't banquet style to see what they're really about.  The view of the water from this place is beautiful!  Nice large windows to enjoy the scenery.  I heard the sushi is pretty good here but didn't have a chance to try any due to the pre-set menu.
Keep things simple the sushi was bad and slow the club at night sucked horrible music packed and weird theme unattractive crowd We bought a bottle of grey goose magnum and left after 30 minutes this place sucked
Took some customers out for dinner. My wife and I ordered the sea scallops and ahi tuna. Both were over cooked. The lobster risotto was ok...but Gordon Ramsey would have thrown it back into the kitchen. We also order 6 of the 10 deserts, those were ok. Everyone else in our party said their food was ok. I think for the price they need to step it up a bit.
Was at the Marriott right down the street - tried it out on Friday evening for dinner - loved it so much, we had to go back for brunch before our flight out on Sunday afternoon! Dinner on Friday - Beautiful sunset view on the water, listening to an outstanding acoustic artist playing in the bar. It's very relaxing and stress relieving...almost as if you've escaped to the life of pre-arrest Bernie Madoff for an hour or so. Crab cake appetizer - just trust me on this one...do yourself a favor and order it. Hands down among the best crab cakes I've ever had...and my pant size knows I've had more than my share of those deep-fried vices. I had a chicken dish, served with crumbled bleu cheese and crawfish. I ordered it primarily because it was such an original combination to me; I had never heard of such a dish, nor would I have come up with it myself. It was actually really good, the flavors blended amazingly - though the crawfish were a bit tough. I ordered the wedge salad before the meal - great wedge, but not worth $9 - more like $6. My guest ordered grouper and scallops and enjoyed them immensely. My other guest had a filet, however it was ordered well done. I don't feel it's fair to rate any restaurant on a well-done steak. Order crap, get crap. Brunch Don't miss it. $20 prix fixe, buffet line has everything from a omelet station to any breakfast food you can imagine - oh, and also lunch foods including freshly carved roast beef and ham and a pasta chef. A very classy event for $20. This line really does have something for everyone. A problem I run into with my friends when I want to go for brunch is that many aren't interested in breakfast food at 1230 in the afternoon, and others are - reconciling the differences can be a task. Jackson's pleases everyone. I can't wait to go back to Tampa if for nothing more than to eat here again. One of the best a small west-coast Florida city has to offer.
I really like Jackson's, more for the experience of it than the food. The place is great, it packs a huge crowd, and the food is OK. You can spend a good bit of time here working your way through the indoor and outdoor spaces.
A very strange experience.  We never got any service or food.  It was a Saturday but only 20% of the tables were staffed-with the hostess stating the reason was the kitchen was too small (now why you would build a large restaurant and only be able use 1/5 makes no $ sense).  Our 5 min wait was actually 20 mins then we never saw a waiter in another 15 mins of waiting, no water, no nothing.  There were tons of people wandering around but doing nothing.  This is not a complex place-their menu is fairly simple so it is not a challenging menu keeping the service so poor. Avoid this place-there are others-see Columbia Cafe or Cafe Dufrain.
First thing that comes to mind - Tourist trap.  I understand it's right by the convention center so a lot of visitors think it's oh so special to sit on the water and have crappy food.  Also, if you are over the age of 23...never go here after 8 PM unless you want to feel crazy old.  Not that the people are that young, but the immaturity and douche level s are just that high.  Went here recently for lunch as 2 out of town visitors just thought it would be the bee's knees to go to Jackson's.  Gag me...I tried to talk them out of it as I've on.y lived here 9 friggin' years...but whatever. I got a grouper sandwich which was average.  The bread was almost stale so it almost ruined the sandwich.  I asked for it with no tomato...yeah right. I opted for the "side salad" instead of fries.  Big mistake.  It came in a soup cup, had mixed greens (read weeds), tomatoes (which I asked for no tomatoes...I do not like raw tomatoes - ever - see above), 2 black olives, and what I believe they wanted me to think was feta cheese.  Grossest excuse for a side salad ever. Thank you tourists for making me go to a place I already hated in my own city...
Great location and great food. Loved sitting outside. I ordered a filet and it was perfectly cooked. Sides were great and the garlic knots are huge and wonderful.
Note: This review is only for the nighclub, I have not been to their actual restaurant. Overall, this place is a nice alternative to Ybor. The crowd is very diverse and the I believe they recently upgraded their sound system. The club is divided in 3 rooms; hip-hop, techno/house (which is located mainly in the terrace) and finally a latin room. Each room is pretty spacious and most of the time you have enough room to dance. Most of the time I only go to Jackson's I go to their terrace where they play house/techno. They really do a great job of bringing a lot of good Djs to and I truly love the ambience and energy of the place. Drinks are not overpriced and the bartenders are enthusiastic and helpful. For the most part there is a guestlist before 11:30pm, but if there isn't  then the cover will range between $12-$15.
This place occupies a huge building in a very nice location. The menu looks quite appetizing and after reading over the savory selections, you feel really confident that you are going to be served something tasty and delectable. Well, the best part of the menu is reading it. I've dined here twice, and was not happy with either meal. I ordered a scampi. Most of us will recognize the word scampi on a menu as being a dish served with garlic and in fact, I've never had a scampi any other way...EXCEPT HERE! My scampi was a pasta in a light brown thin sauce with spinach, tomato, scallops, shrimp, and SALT! I didn't recognize any other flavors except salt. The scallops were large, seared nicely, and pretty good but I really couldn't finish the dish. I didn't have the heart to tell my fantastic waiter, Jonathan that my food was not up to par so after paying $32 for bad food and a glass of mediocre Sauvignon Blanc, I walked out of there quite disappointed. I am not a chef and I could have made this dish taste better. It looked pretty delicious though but looks totally deceived me. Wouldn't be my first choice for a good meal if I were you reading this review.
Convenient and located on the waterfront. The sushi was what you should expect from a restaurant in a hotel that does not specialize in sushi or anything else for that matter. I would definitely work harder to find something different and better. The only reason to go here is because it is convenient and you can dine on the patio (that's why I went here).
Came for brunch 2/with a large group. We were delighted with selection of the brunch and the service. $22/pp, but worth every penny.
Tourist trap should be written under sign.  If your stuck walking, in the downtown area its not a bad choice at all.  Food was very good, my complaint is in the service, which almost wants to make me give the place 2 stars.   They had very good food, but again service was so bad it was a bit unbelievable, and we were not even in a rush we were just hanging out after a great day of meeting business contacts.  We were having a blast, but when you wait almost a full hour for a sushi roll, then the food comes and the roll doesn't and the server tells you he forgot (along with him forgetting our drinks, our menus, our water, and i'm sure another item or two) you start to take tally.   We had a great time, probably doubled the food bill with alcohol (which I know is a tactic to jack up the bill and it does work, but there is a point where it becomes overkill) I even ordered a Salmon sashimi while my partner was getting dessert so you know the food is good, just the long waits for your food, poor service and long wait time to sit turned me off and I wouldn't go back to be honest.  Even when they did get the order right and the food came out we waited a full 45 min or more for even the simplest request, sashimi?...1 hour, unreal.  And the view?...yeah you get a view all right, of the Convention center across the canal.  Lame.
Nice spot i was hearing a lot of things abpout Jackson's but more so about the nightlife and not the dining but it was a date sunday for us and we went to check it out and it was nice. We ate outside under the tent by the water nice weather it was perfect. The pros: the service was good,the food came out very fast. the garlic rolls were soooo damn good wow!!!! The cons: the menu was limited and when i say limited it was on a flyer so the pickins was very slim. At the end of the day the food was good the scenery was cool the tvs to watch the game was a plus and i will be back but next time to check out the night scene.
3/07 Visiting from west coast, I cannot believe Jackson's is such a gigantic awesome place(s). And I thought that one can find big things only in Texas, uh uh! Located on the Tampa-facing side of Harbor Island, it is only 15 minutes walk from downtown, via a tree-lined bridge (lit up at night). The individual bistro, bar, and sushi area are huge and spacious. Despite a busy Saturday night we were seated after 15 minutes. The interior is well appointed, with good view of the waterfront. Outside on the step-down patio on 2 levels, dining tables were full, all facing the water. We ordered 2 sushi rolls. The red dragon roll was arranged like a dragon, with tuna slices over avocado slices on top of a California roll. The raw tuna was fresh, and I wished the slices were thicker. The volcano roll was most unusual and yet tasty. Mildly spicy chopped salmon was cooked and layered on top of a cool crab roll, arranged in a round mound. I bet you cannot find this in Tokyo! We also had the oak-grilled chicken breast bow-tie pasta. It was a simple but fulfilling dish. A pesto cream sauce (thicker than I liked) combined the goodness of broccoli, Roma tomatoes, and kalamata olives. The cubes of chicken meat were tender and delicious. The server was effective, friendly, and kept informing us of the progress in the kitchen (super busy night). Jackson's offers a view, good food and made us feel at home. Now that's really special blessing for visitors.
If you're between the ages of 21 and 25, average looking, hard of hearing, out of shape and not very hungry, I'd recommend it.  Anyone else would find the food god-awful, the service spotty and the atmosphere "Dante-esc". I'm convinced the primary reason this dive exists is to oppress the neighbors night after night. "A must to avoid"!
Well, this was disappointing. I'd been here years ago, when this place was relatively new...back then, this was a really happening nightlife staple with surprisingly good food. Now, food is unfortunately just an afterthought. The water views are still gorgeous and perhaps explain Jackson's popularity. I was initially assigned a rather disinterested young man who trudgingly brought me my soda. Fortunately, I was subsequently waited on by a very friendly and enthusiastic young lady. If only the food lived up to the service. The crab and lobster bisque had a fair amount of crab, but it was rather lifeless and soggy (to the point that it was difficult to identify whether it really was crab or not). There was no lobster to be seen, at least I don't think so. You see, it was so dark in the restaurant that I could not see more than six inches in front of me. Fortunately, I had a tiny lamp on my table so that I was able to hunch over and squint at the menu. However, there wasn't enough light to actually see the food (maybe that was by design). I had the special of the day, and ancho-dusted ribeye with haricots vert and blue cheese mashed potatoes. I expected a nice steak crusted with ancho spices...what I got I'm still not entirely sure of. The shape was vaguely that of a ribeye, but there was no crust at all. Instead, the meat was disconcertingly soft and soggy throughout its entire thickness. I concluded that it had to be a leftover piece of prime-rib from the weekend that they had sprinkled ancho powder over. Unfortunately, the meat was of low quality...it was poorly marbled and loaded with gristle. It was also less than a half inch thick. The mashed potatoes were gloppy with vague chunks of tasteless blue cheese. Nevertheless, the haricots verts were delicious...perfectly crisp and vibrantly green. In all, dinner was quite disappointling...the kicker was that the "special" was $34!! I would only return here for drinks at night and for the view.
A nice find. Right on the water with a great view of downtown Tampa. Went to dinner there with a few business associates. Had a great tuna roll that we shared as well as the scallops and red snapper over black Jasmine rice with Thai red curry. Nice flavor. My associate ordered the scallops and shrimp over linguini. Nothing was left on our plates at the end of our meal. I'd definitely go back...
Oh Jacksons...I come here all the time even though I consistently have the same complaints. After coming here at least 10 times ( I live within walking distance), I really think the way to do it is to eat at the outdoor bar off of the bar and sushi menu. The view of the water and convention center is pretty, its downright gorgeous if you come at sunset. The atmosphere is more relaxed in this area and it serves food all day/afternoon even when the main dining room closes between lunch and dinner. The bar menu is cheaper and since the food isn't that great anyway, why not stay cheap! Off of the sushi menu I often order the Kani Su, a crab and cucumber salad that is vinegary and tasty (although it looks like imitation crab). I have tried the hollywood roll (tasteless), the mexican roll (below average), the volcano roll (average), and the lava roll (whatever they put on top of this is disgusting). I love sushi and the sushi here is just downright average. I can't muster up enough enthusiasm to say anything incredibly positive or negative about it. I keep returning and ordering it because I'm too lazy to get in my car to go out to dinner, so I suppose that says something in itself. Outside of the sushi menu, at the bar I have also ordered fries, the wedge salad, soup, and a few other things that were decent but unremarkable. Since they weren't terribly expensive I won't complain. I really come to jacksons to have a glass of wine, feel the breeze by the water, and relax. Food is secondary. That is why I do not recommend eating in the dining room! Everytime I have gone this winter and it has been too cold to sit outside, I have been disappointed with my experience. The lunch menu is not bad at all. They have options to pair a sandwich with soup or salad and that is quite pleasant. However, the dinner menu is expensive and the indoor ambience is nothing special. I honestly haven't tried that much on the dinner menu because I wasn't impressed enough with the cheaper food to go that extra mile. I have had the risotto of the day once and it was bland. The bottom line is - Jackson's is average. The thing it has going for it is that it's on the water so take advantage of that view.
Great service.  Good food.  A limited menu but still a good menu.  Fair prices.  Would recommend.   Will go again next time in Tampa.
Here's the scoop on Jackson's Bistro-bar.  The food isn't fabulous, but the atmosphere is completely addictive.  I should know as I seem to end up there at least once a week for a glass of wine. If you go, order the sushi as it's best thing on the menu.  I like all the tuna rolls, but the volcano roll is also a good choice and so is the lobster roll.  The lobster roll is a little pricey, but it's filling so it's worth it.   The wine isn't that bad either.  They have a reasonable selection of wines by the glass that won't bankrupt you.  In fact, there are a few on the list that go for as little as $6. But like I said before, it's the atmosphere of Jackson's that has won my heart.  The patio is right on the water so it's perfect for watching the sun set or just relaxing after a hard day at work.  The inside bar is also pretty good as the crowd is nice mix of people between the ages of 25 to 45. I usually take off for Howard Street after my sushi, but for those that want to hang out, around 10 p.m. the place turns into a happening night club with a techno room, an 80s room and a Latin-inspired room.  It's not bad if you are into that kind of thing. But for me...give me the laid back patio.  I'm all about lounging under the stars. PS Just an FYI....Sunday brunch is also excellent.
Salmon Sashimi was pleasantly surprising.  The rainbow roll was average. Nice patio which was enjoyable on this sunny day.
We were in town with my husband on business and this was the highlight to our trip.  The service wasn't the fastest but out waitress, Anne Marie, was awesome.  She was swamped but was still was attentive.  I like that my husband and I had a delicious grown up meal but there were still choices for the kids.  Drinks were on target and it didn't seem to pricey for me, but I'm from the CT and all good meals are pricey here. If I were to go back to Tampa, Jacksons would be my first stop.
Location is great, however, if you are going for a sunset - forget it.  All you see is the hospital.   Food was a disappointment for me at least.  I ordered a sandwich and it had a bone in it and it did not taste like anything. The chicken was dry and there was no flavor.  I ordered a soup after that and all I tasted was salt and water.  I could not even eat that, as it was just not edible.  The saving grace was the Sushi (perfect!), dessert (ginormous!!!) and the tea/coffee. I would go only for sushi and the ambiance of sitting by the water.  Other than that, I do not think I would go here again.
Nothing special again...went here last week. Got on the list with no cover. Everything was good until 1130pm rolled around and a mass of people shoved there way in and it was like one big sweatfest. There was one amazonian woman wearing a sheer tight dress and it was pretty scary... that was the highlight of the night. It is split in between 3 types of music, hiphop, dance, latin...i don't dance but i just mostly people watched.
I know this place it's mostly known for their night life but I will say that the food here is pretty good....my favorite, the sushi specifically the Volcano....rice with a little pile of crab meat on top..delicious. The restaurant has a great water view with a classy atmosphere and if you just want a quick bite you can stop by Slice & Rice (located outside) where you can place a to go order to just grab a slice of pizza.
Restaurant- Food was good. Ordered a Lava and tampa roll. View- Spectacular Night Club- More of a bar atmosphere... don't RECOMMEND TO ANY COLLEGE KIDS.. went here for my birthday and it was awful, filled with older people and the music was not that great either. Not to mention there is no place to sit unless you've paid 100$ for VIP. So if you are in your 20's and considering going out here tonight...I'm begging you to please don't!!!!!!
My favorite place in Tampa! Get dinner on a Saturday night around 8:00 here, even if you just order from the bar menu it's pretty good. Walk down to channelside and seriously pre-game, then come back to Jackson's around 11:30 and have an awesome time at the 3 what I call "clubs in clubs." My personal favorite is the Terrace, but it's just awesome in general. Cover is steep at $13 but it's worth it for the good time!
Nice restaurant with a lovely view and decent sushi. Good drinks! Very relaxing place to dine. Very "Florida"....
Enjoyable lunch spot with a water view. Went for Sunday Brunch for the first time. Good but have had better. Buffet stations include breakfast, pasta, carving, cold and hot items, sushi and desserts. Most noteworthy items were a cold seafood pasta medley and stuffed flounder. Poached salmon and roast beef were okay. Chocolate dipping station was a hit with the kids. You are paying for the location and not necessarily an emphasis on the food.
Went on a sunday afternoon for the brunch.  The food was good.  I loved the atmosphere more than anything. Great location near the river. I would definately go back.
The ambiance is def top notch as you are sitting patio side with the breeze while eating your lunch.  Had the blankened grouper sandwich with fries for $11.  Both were delish before my sandwich fell into the ground.  Having just had a kid who drops her paci all the time I picked up the fish and ate that while discarding the bread.  I really did want the whole sandwich.  The fries were seasoned and tasty.  I really wanted to try their sushi but the waitress said the wait would be around 45 min.  Boo to that!  Anyways, I'm not too sure of the pigeons flying around you and having dogs sit in chairs at tables next to you.  But I'm guessing this is the kind of place you can bring your frou frou dog to.
This review is more for the cafe at Jackson's and not so much the restaurant or night club. The cafe is carefully nestled along the side facing the river. The have a fairly decent selection of gelato, pastries and serve illy coffee. We went there for gelato, and the gelato did not disappoint. The nice thing is after you get your beverage/ice cream etc. you can walk around the bay and enjoy the scenery.
Great restaurant with outdoor seating overlooking the river. Great seafood linguine and to-die-for spinach side. Sushi rolls are very fresh but don't taste very asian, if you know what I mean. Miso soup is only a few spoonfuls worth and is gross. Tasted expired to me.  While I generally enjoyed the food here very much, at these prices, I don't know if I'd go back for anything but that spinach.
We love Jackson's for the location. It's right on the water and you have the option to sit outside and watch the sun set under the heated lamps (it was a little chilly when we went).  As a huge foodie (I literally LIVE for food), the food was not the best i've had, but it sure was good. We ordered the tuna tar tar (just okay), a few roles and yellowtail nigiri (eh so so). Being from Hawaii and New York, we have had better Japanese, but Jackson's was sufficient - 2.5 to 3 stars. For dinner, we had the seared scallops and seafood pasta - 3.5 stars. They were delicious. Drinks were good. Service was excellent. Comparing pricing and food to Bern's steakhouse, I'd go with Bern's for a little more $. But I'd definitely come to Jackson's again for a relaxing dinner with drinks on the water. Update: We also went to Jacksons for a NYE party and loved the atmosphere. Packed but loved the fireworks right in front of the restaurant on the water!
I only go to Jacksons for Sunday Brunch, and I also went for their Easter brunch. For Easter you pay twice as much and the food isn't that extra special. But for 19.99 on any other Sunday, I say Jacksons is a good deal for all you can breakfast/lunch. I think the food here is just OK. Its more quantity than quality, but for the price I am not complaining. When I eat here I like to sit by the water, its really nice. The breakfast items were your typical eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles. They also had fried chicken, roast, a pasta station, salmon, veggies, sushi. The dessert area had cookies, bites, ice cream and a chocolate fountain. The dessert area looked picked over and the kids playing in the fountain made me stay away from touching anything over there. I have a sweet tooth that is pretty bad at times, and the desserts didn't look good enough to tempt me. So to sum things up, good for the price, not great food...just ok and its all you can eat.
I really like this restaurant. I ate here twice on a recent business in the Channelside area. Jackson's is an easy walk over the bridge which was nice so we didn't have to take the car out of the garage. The seafood selections were plentiful of course and prepared with a good degree of imagination. The wine selection was really good as well. The waterfront location is really wonderful however on my recent visit it was far too cold to sit outside. On Friday and Saturday nights they also have a lively Night Club setup that is not to be missed if your in the area. Enjoy!
We live close to Jackson's so we just LOVE walking over there for brunch, lunch, or dinner. It is also a wonderful place to get a drink. The outside bar is a lot of fun to hang out at. There are TVs to watch sports games and the employees are very nice. Every time we go we have fun and feel more relaxed.
For the price you pay to eat here, the service is sub-par. I was with a group of friends on a Friday night, a little after 10pm. They didn't have a full house, yet it took forever to get our table ready, forever to have our food ordered, and forever to have it served to us. And for a Friday night, with only a few people hanging around, they were sloooow, I don't know what the hold up was. Their sushi is very good, so an extra star for that, but I probably won't be back here again.
Good:   1.  Our waiter/bartender, who was really good. 2.  The view from the outside bar, which is great at sunset and looking over the water. Not good: 1.  The sushi.  The sushi was worse than Crazy Buffet.  When I go to crazy buffet and pay $9.99 for lunch, I expect to get OK sushi.  What you pay at Jackson's is pricey and the sushi was NOT fresh. 2.  While having a drink and eating at the bar, there were guys getting the place ready for the night, when it becomes a club.  They were dragging tables and chairs right behind us and the music started getting really loud.  It seems like the manager doesn't pay attention to details on the customer experience. 3.  Their beer on tap tasted like they didn't clean the lines.  The bartender was cool enough to let me give back my draft and get a bottle instead.  I tried a 2nd draft and it also tasted like cr@p.  I usually get draft beer and am a regular at Cigar City, so I'm not a beginner in regards to draft beer. I'd probably go back only because of the view and the waitstaff were really friendly.  The rest of the experience was a disappointment.
On Friday my husband and I went to Jackson's to have a nice dinner. There was a wait to be seated so we decided to go to the bar.  I wasn't sure what drink to try, but our bartender Thomas had good recommendations. My husband and I were very happy with Thomas as our bartender while we waited to be seated.
Have attended many private parties here associated with events at the convention center and all have been ok to above average-but you go for the networking and free beer, not the food.  This was our first time sitting at a table and dining as a couple with regular menu selections.  We chose Jackson's because we wanted a place to unwind after visiting someone at Tampa General and the location was certainly convenient. First, our table on the water at twilight was fabulous.  There is more than a little to be said for a nice setting.  The food was not special, but satisfactory for the price.  Truth be told, because of the location in the heart of the convention center area my expectations weren't that high.  (experience greater than low expectations=average)  I had shrimp and scallops linguini. Very generous portion, the noodles were nicely al dente and the scallops cooked just right.  He had a Jackson's burger done medium rare and enjoyed it, but no rave review.  I didn't care for the fries I stole from him-frozen, certainly.  We split a wedge salad-tasty. My Mojito was a bit above average and he had a draft beer from a modest but not inadequate selection.  The service was slightly better than typical for Tampa, but I have to admit I find the service in Tampa strangely out of sync just about everywhere.
Rob our waiter had awesome recommendations and we were very happy we went with his suggestions! We are staying at the marriott and we made reservations for Christmas Eve and Christmas based on our visit today! Can't wait to try a steak ! Will post again!
One of the best waterfront views in Tampa. Great romantic place to take a date or get drinks with friends. Jade and I spent her first night in Florida there and had the swordfish and grouper, both very good. We also ordered a couple of sushi rolls that were reasonably priced and fresh. We spent $100 total including tip for our two entrees and two sushi rolls and non-alcoholic drinks. Overall, above average food, a bit pricey, but you're paying for the great view overlooking the bay and downtown Tampa.
I admit, I have never been to Jackson's during daylight hours. I have come here on occasion for a friends birthday or on random bar hopping nights so this review is mostly the for bar/club time. The crowd is eclectic, leaning toward a more fashion conscious bunch. The dancer & bartenders are from the attractive stock but they know how to pour a decent drink. Prices are good considering the atmosphere but the place could use better bathroom access.
We waited the 45 minute wait to be seated outside. When we were called, we walked in only to have one waiter rudely give our table to another party. They moved us to a small table by the bar that has a sign on it saying it needs to be removed by 9pm, so we would basically be rushed to eat and get out. We ended up eating inside with horrible service. We ordered two bottles of nice wine and never saw our waitress until 30 minutes later. We were profiled as young professionals that don't tip when we had every intention of spending more than average due to celebration. I will NEVER come back here again nor bring any clients here for business dinners. Food was just ok..
In one word: disappointed. Here for work and had the grouper special that was supposed to be not quite blackened or overly spicy, but similar. There was no flavor at all! The asparagus was wimpy and no bigger than a green bean. Not impressed.
Came to jackson on a Saturday night for the club and what a night I had! If you like house music then this is the place to go! Good crowd, decent prices on drinks and great atmosphere. Lots of fun to be had.
As a Marketing and Events Coordinator, my job was to scout this restaurant as a potential dinner location to host 165 guests, one of the best decisions ever!!  Private rooms with a Lounge & Island Bar directly on the waterfront, this place was amazing. The food was excellent on both the site visit AND the night of our private dinner, with beautiful weather and satellite music in the background, I am so happy our team decided to dine here. The bar manager and servers were awesome as they helped us maintain the tab within our allotted budget AND suggested delicious menu items for our appetizers and desserts. Definitely stop by here for your next big event or nightly dinner out, Rebecca Samora the Event Coordinator is a dream to work with!
Good Happy Hour Spot! I'm from the Tampa area and have been to quite a few happy hour locations, Jackson's is my new favorite. The view of the water is amazing and very relaxing especially after a long day at work. Harbour Island is a very nice area. The prices are great and the happy hour menu has a nice variety and has portions you can share with someone else (no more than 2 really). The service was friendly and quick, the crowd is mostly young professionals. I recommend sitting outside...you just might see some dolphins jumping!!
Went to Jackson's a couple of Fridays ago.  I had been to Jackson's before a couple of times before and had a good experience.  Not this time.  Tiny sushi-button size.  I couldn't even tell what it was wrapped in because it was drowning in a heavy sauce.  But it tasted stale which is what I think the sauce was supposed to hide.  Bad food, overpriced, tiny, tiny portions.
The sushi was very good. The main meal was just ok. At the price we expected better. The chicken soup was horrible, and too their credit they took it off the bill. The service was very good. I would recommend it for a drink but not for the food.
Great Dessert - Awful Steak! Went to Jackson's as part of a dinner party - ordering off of a fixed menu.  Being a steak-lover I opted for the New York Strip that was reportedly cooked Medium Rare:  What arrived was closer to a piece of charcoal and of similar taste.  When I pointed out the tough leather-like meat on my plate - the waiter copped an attitude and said "what do you want me to do?!".  Thankfully the dessert was an amazing cheesecake with a carmalized sugar layer on top that was amazing!.  I'd recommend this place for dessert - but don't think I'll ever have dinner here again as the steak was the worst that I can remember in the last decade or two.
Had lunch there today. Not a lot of variety on their menu, so there was only one thing I could eat (house salad). It ended up being inedible. Nasty cheese, not a fan of olives, and despite loving balsamic and figs, the fig balsamic dressing was nasty. When the server asked how everything was, I replied "nasty". He either didn't listen or didn't care and didn't do anything about it. When he took the plate away with only a few bites taken out of it, he didn't notice. He also didn't notice that I was obviously eating the snacks that I brought with me instead.I left hungry. Poor service, poor food.
My friends and I had a work function at Jackson's, and had a really good time. The tab was about $40 pp, and the atmosphere was nice, although quite busy, and sometimes a little loud. The food was outstanding, the service was very good, and the outside view is phenomenal. Overall experience was very good...and we are going again on a couple's night out tomorrow night to test it out...will be reviewing soon!
The food was surprisingly good but the service really lacking. The wait staff seemed completely clueless and honestly just not very smart. Told one three times bring soup , then salad, then main course- Soup and salad come together. Manager came by to check and was very nice. Good atmosphere outside on deck- but waitresses both very bad.
We made reservations here for my sister n laws graduation from USF.  Upon making the reservations the lady whom I spoke with was curt and rushed me through the details.  They called 2 days in advance and left a message to confirm the reservations for 20 on the deck at 11:30.  When I returned the call I asked the lady if I could push it to 12:00 and she abruptly told me no, she also indicated that they would not seat us until the entire group of 20 was there and if anyone was more than 10 minutes late they could not hold the reservation.....  I'm not sure if you've ever dined with 20 people but it is impossible to expect that there will not be 1 person that happens to be 15 minutes late.  So unfortunately when I arrived 12 minutes late I was nervous but they showed us to our table where 6 people of our 20 guests had arrived.   When our waitress greeted our table she was polite and kind but in nooooooooo sort of hurry.  The tables were split into 2 and our table had 9 guests, it took over an hour for our food to arrive and when it did the consensus was that it was all sub par. A burger over cooked and under seasoned, a French dip under seasoned, bad sushi, a soggy salad, and yummy conk fritters.  Our waitress was veryyyyyy slow getting our checks, several people in our party had to ask the front desk to find her for us and once the check came they were incorrect.  This restaurant is in a beautiful location and is an amazing building but is in desperate need of attention from the staff to the food!  Very disappointed, although we did not let it ruin our celebration.
I went here for my birthday dinner because the hotel concierge told us it was good. All four of us were extremely happy with the food. I felt they had some very unique items on the menu that were all very good. The truffle mac and cheese and the truffle mash potatoes were out of this world. I got the filet which was perfectly cooked and tender. For dessert i got the key lime pie, which was by far the best key lime pie ive ever had, and im a dessert afficionado. The wine list was acceptable, with a lot of good choices in every price range. The by the glass list was just ok. Service was great as well The one and only complaint i have about this place was that towards the end of our dinner they turned the place into a club atmosphere. Im not sure what time they do this but if you are a wantign a romantic environment you should check what time they setup. We had to sit and listen to the DJ setup and soundcheck his equipment while we were trying to enjoy our dinner. He then started playing extremely loud "booty" music while there was still 2 tables left in the dining room. I really felt like they shouldve waited until the tables finished dining before they changed into this club atmosphere or informed us of this when they sat us so we knew what to expect. Overall, id definitely go here again. The prices are reasonable for what you get and the food is great.
Amazing location and delicious desserts!   Perfect place to have a relaxing conversation and watch the water roll by.  My daughter has has the sushi on a couple of occasions and has been pleased.   My husband had the seared ahi tuna with tempura veggies and a citrus dipping sauce and it was delicious!   I had the chicken panini and was not blown away...   It was not very flavorful, and the chicken was over cooked.    Our server had just been trained and did not seem to know the ins and outs of the menu, but she was eager to ensure we were pleased.
So far the weather for here is way warmer and the wine is great .. I'm going to do the sushi which good but slow.. But I'll be back.
If you're trying to have a good time at this club- DO NOT BOTHER getting "VIP". I was expecting to be separated from the crowds of people hence "VIP" they dont. Theres only one security check at the front of the tables & that's it. Whoever in the club can just come by your tables & ruin the fun! Its a waste, they DONT have any room to accommodate their parties (its too damn crowded for what you pay for!) I had a group of 20 people for 2 table & the table next to me had well over 30!! Can you say over crowded?! staff was extremely rude to my friends while they waited for me to get to the club; which was NOT even that long of a wait.. they told them they couldn't sit down on one of the benches that OTHER people were already sitting on too! What is this,  Civil Rights era? I was also told many many different stories about reserving tables,  prices, etc. It was horrible. I will go back & give it two stars for the good music & different variety of music- as for service & reserving tables? Hell. No.
This place is just weak. View is great. The food was lackluster. The service was ok, not great. To call this a "dance club" is something of a joke. It's a stone's throw from the Convention Center so it swamps when there are big events there. Not the worst place I've ever eaten at, but there are so many good restaurants here that abject laziness while attending a convention can be the only good reason for eating here. They have a lot of work to do to get their ratings up.
We were staying at the Westin and were referred to your restaurant for brunch.  The area is small and hard to navigate with all the people trying to get food. For the price we paid and the amount of food offered this is a small inconvenience that can be overlooked.  We sat in the bar area and our server Stephanie was wonderful.   She told us to come back in the evening for a drink or coffee and check out the view once all the lights in the area came on. Unfortunately we had an early flight and could not make it back down, but next time we visit we will definitely stop in.
Great place to go for brunch with the family.  Large and spacious restaurant sitting right on Harbor Island.  Great views of the water and very well decorated.  Must love the sushi and smoked salmon that is available since that is mainly what this restaurant is known for.  The variety of food for brunch is really good and there is a waffle, meat, and pasta stations to customize your order plus the other "bars" availble at other typical brunches.
Horrible service, was 50 mins before entrees arrived, and just getting our order in took forever. Food quality was a 3-4, but overall horrible. Oh, and we were one of three parties there.  For such a nice looking establishment, this place should have been way better.
yes, absolutely Tampa at it's finest. We ate dinner here with the kids and the bisque is the best I've ever had (my husband agreed) and outside it's fantasyland for adults. You sit overlooking the bay, private cabana type seating, fire pits, etc... I cannot think of a better place to make memories. First date material, big time.
You have never seen a brunch this good.  Period. Four stars because it was a little expensive, but this buffet had at least - at least now - 60 items on the buffet.  From salads to pancakes, they had everything.  Literally.  If you think you want something for breakfast, they have it.
Enjoyed a lovely afternoon.  Beautiful day on the bay. Jackson's overlooks the bay. I enjoyed a drink and a slice of pizza.
Our business group ate dinner here and thought the food was pretty bland and lacking good taste.  One of our guy's order was completely wrong & the waitress said she thought she heard him something diff. So he was served long after rest of us finished. My Cajun Chicken dinner was not hot when served. The staff was friendly but a little lame. Nice view of river activities from the outside deck.
In Tampa for a conference and looking for an open downtown restaurant on a Monday night.  Stumbled upon Jackson's. Too hot to sit outside, so I didn't get to experience sunset and the outside ambiance.  Food was fine - not exquisite, but good.  Heirloom tomato salad was great, conch fritters slightly disappointing (not enough conch). Focaccia bread was great.  They had run out of the flounder I wanted.  While they advertise themselves as serving sushi, would you really want to eat sushi in a restaurant that serves conch fritters and focaccia bread?  All in all, average and fine, but not memorable.
Unbelievably rude staff with the exception of Frankie who was an absolute gem. He should be managing this place and teaching the rest of them what good customer service is all about. Food was ok, drinks were watered down but Frankie's personable service made the evening bearable.
A great place to chill after working all day at the Tampa Bay Convention Center. The seating outdoors on the bay is absolutely beautiful - food is pretty good and service is good too... this is a place you definitely want to order dessert though. Every couple of months they feature Nutella gelato - its like heaven in a glass! Nom!
Love Fridays at Jackson's after a hard week of cleaning
Classy place! They have set aside another  area for a club after hours! The Long Island minus the cola add raspberry juice...is an awesome drink!  The salmon is awesome as well!!! The food is awesome! We set at the bar!
The calling card here is the view of the harbor.  It's located in a complex that also houses the Westin Hotel.  I was here for lunch, and the food was perfectly average.  The service was a bit less than average.  Go for the view!
The atmosphere and service were good.  Food was good but nothing special.
Great location, however everything else is lacking. Food was subpar at best, service was slow, unfriendly, and meal was overpriced. Trek out farther from hotels for better food when visiting Tampa.
I love, love, love the view from Jackson's. The location right on the water makes for such a pleasant dining experience that you almost don't think about what you're eating. If you can stop looking at the beautiful water and sunset for 5 minutes, though, you'd notice that your food isn't half bad either. The sushi is okay, and the entrees are decent, too. The real reason I love this place, though, is the outdoor patio. Be forewarned - Jackson's turns into a dance club at night, complete with dancers on platforms. I am assuming they are still promoting it in that way, but it's rather hysterical to see the VIP lounges being set up if you're not expecting it. Jackson's is tolerable for a drink or two after dinner, but if you want to dance to the latest top 40 hit, you might as well head to Splitsville.
I was very disappointed in my dinner her last week. One of the main reasons why we came here, was so we had the option for sushi - however once we sat down, we found out that the sushi menu was pulled due to the fact that the place was so slammed. So, since I was trying to be good - I opted for the chopped salad that was supposed to be packed with veggies, chicken, and cheese. There was bacon on the salad too - but I didn't want it - so I asked them to hold the bacon. Of course when the salad came out - it was not chopped, not full of veggies, the chicken was extremely dry, not a lot of cheese, and had bacon. The other kicker was that it had such little salad dressing on it, that I had to choke it down. Such a sad dinner.
A group of 10 of us made reservations at Jackson's for a nice dinner on the water.  Unfortunately, we weren't able to get an outside table but after dinner, we headed out to the large bar and lounge area for cocktails.  Everyone enjoyed the wide array of meals and the service was great.  Our waiters were attentive but the bartender outside was rather standoffish.  Even though "I get" that Jackson's is one of the more higher-end restaurants in the city, I believe the steep prices are unwarranted.  I've paid far less for a soup/salad & steak at much more polished eateries on other vacations.
This review is only for Sunday Brunch and for $18.95 you get what you pay for.  There was an omelette, stir fry, and carving station.  As well as, sushi, fish, fried chicken, and biscuits and gravy.  So, it's a mix of foods, and nothing is outstanding or awful.  Sitting outside on a sunny afternoon would certainly enhance the meal.  My only complaint is the $6.50 they charged for a cafe latte, a little ridiculous...
The place smells from stale beer. REALLY, you can't clean the place up just a little. The food was really a crap shoot. I thought for sure, I'd wake up in my hotel room ready to hug the bowl.
My review concerns the nightlife side only. Has long been a pre-eminent club in our scene. Lots of rooms, all with cool vibes and one with great waterfront and skyline view. Definitely a "clubgoers' club" that is not super common in Tampa.
Nice atmosphere, decent food. The sushi was mediocre, the crab cakes were very good and the chicken chop salad without bacon was good too. The service was fine. Nothing too exciting about this place. Sitting outside on the patio near the water is lovely on a sunny afternoon. I only ate here because I was staying at the Westin Hotel right next to door and it was the closest place for food and didn't require driving. But I did eat here everyday of my stay and was obviously satisfied.
We had an early dinner and sat outside. The ambiance was just perfect as the sun was setting. Luckily we were seated next to a heater because after the sun went down it got cold. The Grouper was excellent but the crab on top tasted like it came from a can. The Jackson Burger was really good but it was on the smaller side. Th sushi roll was just so so.
This place is great. If you enjoy being on the water and a range of dining choices, you will love it. First, it has outstanding vistas! The water, boats, and skyline are all in plain sight. There is a wide range of dining areas to choose from including a large patio with some portions and fans, a large dining room, a bar, a sushi bar, and more. The menu is simple but complete with continental cuisine as well a a thorough sushi menu. I enjoyed the Atlantic Salmon as well as a Philly Roll. Well worth a visit.
Water room view is lovely must have for and event.......food so so
Staying across the canal at the Marriot on business so I thought I would try Jackson's since the reviews gave it passing marks on the sushi and I was in the mood for some good raw fish. I had a sashimi combo and a spicy tuna roll. The sashimi combo was very well presented and tasted great with a surprising amount of fish. The spicy tuna roll was not particularly stellar but not bad either. I would have to say the miso soup that I had with the combo was undoubtedly the worst I have ever had. It was just fish stock with perhaps a very small smidgen of miso. The service was pretty good but they seemed a little understaffed so I had to wait about 20 minutes for my server to show up with a bill.  I give this 3 stars only because of  the exceptionally attractive hostess that made some good suggestions for tomorrow night's dinner.
Again, two stars is generous. The second star is for the service and the view outside which were alright. Ordered the Bento Box.  Miso soup had zero flavor.  Platter included salad with thick paste on top, sushi (could buy same or better quality at the grocery store), reconstituted wasabi powder, tempura veggies (meh), and some attempt at Chinese chicken. Not impressed.
I normally go here for the night club scene. The club offers 3 different areas for music. The crowd is a very mixed group of people! The only downer for me is it's very hot in this place and they have a cover for females. Most places in Tampa are free for chicks.
This review if for the nightclub at Jackson's. I stopped by the night club with some friends for a birthday party. I found it very overrated. $16 for guys to get in and $13 for the ladies.Music selection was so so. They have 3 dance areas's with different styles of music. I found that due to the 3 different styles of music that they did not have adequate  floor space for dancing in each area. Most clubs get really crowded at night, however most clubs do not have small pebbles in the middle of the floor of their Latin dance room.  I found myself in the awkward position of either having my date step in rocks, potently tripping or having some drunk guy constantly crashing into her.  The final nail in the coffin was at the end of the night was when we were walking away from the bar area for a quiet romantic walk along the water, one of the employee's chased after us and told us we could not go walking along that area. Completely unacceptable. I know that the Tampa Bay club scene is not what it used to be, but if you are looking for a club, avoid this place like the plague.
We happened to be there after the Gasparilla 15K race, so the place was filled with pirates.  The live music on the deck was entertaining and we danced our faces off like Johnny and Baby.  I've been there before for dinner when its more quiet and intimate, so the place is pretty unique in that it can be both formal and very casual.  Overall, an awesome atmosphere on the water.
What a great venue.  I enjoyed my lunch overlooking the bay.  I had the Soup du Jour as a starter then realized I should've stopped there.  It was hearty and warmed me right up on that windy day.  But wait, I just had to follow that up with the Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese. mmmM!  And washed it down with a nice cold glass of Arnold Palmer.  Let's just say I passed on the dessert and walked back to my hotel so I could last the rest of the day of meetings.  The decor and ambiance is so inviting and calming. They are also pet friendly... how chic!  If you need to stay near the Tampa Convention Center, I recommend you stop by Jackson's and enjoy what the owner and staff has created to be a worth-while experience.
Cute bar overlooking bay.  I did not eat the sushi, but it looked good.  The crowd seemed pleased and the staff were friendly, but not very plentiful.
Maybe it was my fault for going in here with high hopes.. Ok no it wasn't. The view is outstanding and completely romantic. My boyfriend and I went out for a date night-- our server was really nice at first but messed up our drink orders and seemed generally disinterested. We ordered the Tuna Tartar to start and there was hardly any tuna, I mean... really, just don't order it because you'll pay $14 for an appetizer consisting of all mango and 8 chips, very lame and disappointing. We let our server know that the app was just "ok" and expressed how sad the tuna portion was; they later removed the item from our tab. In addition to the Tuna Tartar, we ordered their Baked Soup which was really pathetic (I know, there's not much room for originality here); the rationing seemed off with the amount of onion to broth, cheese, and crouton. For dinner I ordered two sushi rolls for the both of us and my boyfriend ordered Jackson's Club. The sushi was simple and forgettable while my boyfriend returned the Club because it "lacked flavor, sauce and everything was wrong." Fries served with the Club were similar to McDonald's minus some grease and oil. The restaurant "took care of" the Club for us and allowed him to order something else; we were both so annoyed and disgusted with the experience at this point that it took him a while to decide if he even wanted anything else from them. Alas, we wanted to enjoy the rest of the view so he ordered sushi and had nothing bad nor good to say about it (like my experience). The bill came and we were both surprised to see that the manager had not taken off obligatory sushi despite our honesty with them, we were never rude just sincerely upset and wanted to express that to Jackson's in hopes of them taking our in-person "review" seriously. We spoke to the manager who might as well have been a wall because of her lack of personality or empathy for our experience. Weak food, we both expected better and will not go back.
Good food good service. Really enjoyed the meal. Prices are on the higher end.
This is our third year for our annual company party and once again Jackson's came thru.
I went for brunch to this restaurant with the fam and have to say, we were not impressed with the food. Some of the items were obvious leftovers turn into some kind of dish. Some of them, like the chicken in some creamy sauce or subpar beef tips with canned demi glace, were taken out of a country club brunch circa 1965. For being a sushi place you would have thought that they serve good sushi, but again they failed, serving only ONE kind of roll and nothing else. Desserts were a complete failure, I think the chef forgot about them and order everything from Sysco the day before. Service was ok, but not impressive. BTW, is expensive. Maybe I'll try them for dinner and will let you know how that goes...
Very good food at a very reasonable price point. They have a very good happy hour as well. Definitely recommend this place for any age group.
The nice thing about Jackson's is the view if you choose to sit outside.  If you're going with the intention of having a great meal, you may want to reconsider.  I ordered the grouper stack which was served with crab meat over a potato pancake.  The grouper did not taste fresh and it was a bit well done.  The crab meat was awful and was not even remotely close to fresh.  And, the potato pancake tasted like it was taken out of the freezer and put in the microwave.  It was somewhat insulting.  I've made potato pancakes before, and know that what I was served was not even close.  As far as my dining companions, it seemed as though the way to go was to order sandwiches.  No complaints there.  As far as apps, the lobster ravioli lacked taste, seasoning and once again, was not fresh.  Maybe they were having an off day in the kitchen.  If you go, keep it simple and order a burger or sandwich.
Fantastic spot for gasparilla! Otherwise unimpressed by the food and further put off by the prices. I prefer a little more creativity and better quality food.
French dip was excellent.   Crab wedge salad looked great too.  Sitting out by the water adds to a nice experience.   Seen they also have sushi and sashimi.
Decent lunch -- not spectular, but quite solid.  On the water, but the hospital across the river blocks the sunset (and it's a very industrial-looking hospital at that).
I was staying at the Westin for a conference and went for lunch expected a little more from this place...
Was really looking forward to having a family brunch here while visiting home.  That excitement was quickly squashed when I found a chunk of glass in my meal.  Management came over to make sure I didn't cut myself, didn't offer another meal or anything.  After that, my appetite was ruined out of wondering what was in my food.  Manager claimed they threw out all batter, however, when I went to get some fruit they were still cranking out the waffles like nothing had happened.  Our server Robert was great, but that was the only good thing.  Not sure i'll ever return now.  Management seemed more concerned about the inconvenience of having to deal with me as opposed to the fact that I almost swallowed a chunk of glass, or had my expensive brunch completely ruined.
This is a cool place with good food. I stayed at the Westin for a conference and ended up going here a few times. Nice ambience inside and a cool deck outside overlooking the water. They even have cabana-like areas on the deck. I had the burgers which were good and reasonably priced for a restaurant burger. For dessert I highly recommend the chocolate passion cake. I don't normally like fruit with my chocolate but this was awesome!
Wonderful dining experience. Definitely recommend eating outside at the outdoor patio! Beautiful view. The sushi was fantastic, we had the Thai Chicken sushi with Peanut Sauce. The Ahi Tuna entree was fabulous, as was the Salmon dish. Our waiter was terrific, and made great suggestions. Definitely would dine here again!
This place was quite good, but pricey. I had the lobster mac and cheese, which was great. We also had the calamari appetizer, which was good too. I am a huge creme brulee fan, and theirs was not great. It was huge and presented in a deep bowl, so the custard:bruleed topping was too high.
Location is great, on the water, nice atmosphere. Service was incredibly slow for a mid-day, single course meal.  My fish sandwich was tasty, but the side salad was miniscule.  I have waited tables for years, so I understand a backup, but it was not that busy. Our waitress told us that b/c of the proximity to the convention center, everyone comes in at once and needs to leave by a certain time, plus they have a very small kitchen. We arrived after 1, well after our convention's 1215 break, and many people were already seated, but it certainly was not packed. For a restaurant that size- the deck alone has to be able to seat 75 people-  the kitchen should not be small, so I have no words. Finally, if you constantly experience a glut of people arriving and wanting to leave within 90 minutes, then change your menu to have quicker lunch items.
We ate here before a Tampa Bay Lighting game.  The location is perfect (an easy 5-10 minute walk from the Forum) and the view is really nice (overlooking the water).  But I just thought the food was ok.  Nothing special and probably wouldn't be returning, but if you need a place before a game, its good enough.
I came to Jackson's for lunch as I was attending a conference at the Tampa convention center.  The place is in perfect walking distance for a nice outdoor lunch on the water.  The food was good with a nice assortment of salads/sandwiches/entrées/sushi for lunch.
average food, but a good view of the water
the price range estimate is a bit too high - i think i spent a total of $30 with drinks included.  the food was very good but the view was unbeatable.  my dinner mate, once a local in tampa, informed me that friday nights witness a transformation into a local "hot spot."  fortunately, we cleared out well in advance.
Amazing Sushi!!
Service was mediocre and the food was bland. I was not impressed.
Lobster rolls and crab cakes were excellent.  Red snapper was decent, too.  Really nice outdoor seating area and bar.  Bet it's a rockin place on the weekend.
Just so so
Nice view, need to improve service.
I recently booked a table at Jackson's for the club on Saturday night. Everything that could possibly go wrong did. I am totally disgusted by their service and lack of professionalism by management. I contacted the club on Tuesday to book a table for Saturday night. I was told the cabana would be decorated and all set up for me when I got there. I was having a party for my friend so really wanted all to go smoothly. I get to Jackson's and am immediately brought to the cabana where I am supposed to be seated and the person escorting us realizes that another party was incorrectly sat at that cabana. He claims there is nothing he can do so puts us at another cabana. I ask if they can decorate since obviously the cabana I was seated at had nothing. They claimed "Oh it has balloons that is decorated." The party in the cabana next to us had girls laying on our seats, they were throwing glassware into our cabana, spilling drinks everywhere, etc. (I understand being drunk but that was out of control for 11:30pm). The guy claims there he cannot provide any decorations for the cabana and there is nothing he can do at all but says the waitress should be able to do a discount on one of the bottles to compensate. The waitress comes over explains there is nothing she can do and that the guy should have never told me that. She asked what I wanted her to do and I said what can you do and she said I cannot do anything. At this point I am extremely pissed and the drunk people next to us are now coming in the cabana. The waitress gets security and after 20 minutes security finally comes over and talks to them. They were not going to do anything until one girl starts throwing things and kicking the chairs. Finally, the were escorted out. While all this was going on I am waiting for the waitress to bring the bottle over. She comes back (after what seems like forever) with the bottle and does not even open it. She puts it on the table and walks away. She never came to refill the mixers or the ice. I had to hunt her down when we needed anything and had to get plates for the cake I had by myself. Then when I went to order the next bottle, again, had to get another waitress then walk through the night club to find her. I am absolutely disgusted with Jackson's and completely disappointed. I will never ever conduct business with them and neither will any of the 25 guests I had. My advice: go to the lodge; they will do special bottle pricing, it will be cheaper, and they do more then what is expected. Clearly Jackson's owner has no care for the clientele.
We were in Tampa for a convention and were dismayed that, without a car, your choices for eating out near the convention center are limited...but then we found Jackson's within walkng distance.  We have come here several times, and I'd like to come several more to try some more things.  We came with friends so I was able to try quite a few of their Sushi rolls, and all of them were excellent.  My favorite was the Spider and the Mexican rolls, but all were very good.  Lobster mac and cheese was very cheesy and yummy.  Hubby had the New York Strip which I of course had to taste (several times) - it was very flavorful, tender, cooked well, although it did have a little more gristle in it that I would have thought for a $28 steak.  Also had the Cuban sandwich which was nothing special but good, and the least expensive Cuban in the area if you care about such things.  Every time we were there the waitstaff was friendly and efficient, timely with refills.  Oh, and on the way out I stopped at a friend's table and nabbed a bite of her Creme Brulee - that was yummy too!
I've been to different parts of Jackson's- the restaurant, the bar, the gelato bar. To start, the location is excellent, right on the water overlooking downtown Tampa. Get a table outside if it's not too hot. Service is always great. I'm not a sushi eater so I stick with the basics on their menu. Most items are priced fairly for the area. The outside bar is great if you can get a seat. The gelato bar is good, a little pricey, but there are a bunch of different flavors. They also have coffees that I haven't tried yet. There's a $2 lot around the corner.
Why four stars? Because the food was solid, and the view is incredible. I've been to Jackson's a couple of times, once for brunch, and once to grab coffee. There are a couple of things I loved about the brunch at Jackson's: the wide selection of food options, and the beautiful view looking over the water and downtown Tampa. They had just about every food item you could imagine. However, I found the food good, but it didn't knock my socks off. This is a great place to bring friends and enjoy some food and drink on their spacious outdoor deck overlooking the water.
I've been to Jackson's on Saturday nights, where it boasts being the hottest night club in Tampa. For the average crowd of 25 years old - I agree with this claim. Great club for all types... But I'm specifically writing this review on the coordinating staff for special events. I'm getting married in October... my plan was to get married at Jackson's, have the afterparty at the night club and then stay next door at the Westin. So far everything has worked out according to plan. I've been working with Rebecca, who is absolutely fantastic. She is by far the most professional individual I have worked with while planning any event. Since we've started working together, she has been honest and always taken the time to help me find solutions. The other staff members are also courteous, and they all seem to work well together. I'd recommend Jackson's for an event for anyone looking for a classy, upscale vibe without a lot of fuss.
Jackson's is a fun place to go to dinner or for drinks. We recently brought out of town friends there for dinner and sat outside on the patio so we could overlook the water. It's a great place for me to go with my husband as I can get sushi and he can pick from a larger menu.
Great view of the bay and okay food. I tried the sushi and it was pretty good for a busy night. The sesame ahi tuna was cooked perfectly and with two glasses of Acacia it made for a good night. It would have been better on the porch but we were steered to an inside table even though it looked like there were empty tables outside.
The food was amazing. It was the only place around our hotel that was opened late as w got in at 830pm. I had sushi (Happy Sumo) and the heirloom tomatoe salad. It was so good. Good quality ingredients. I'm a foodie so I can tell you that it's good. It's a little on the pricey side but hey, you pay for what you get, right? Drinks were good as well. Nice and strong lol.
I was really looking forward to eating here after hearing great things and the reputation for Jackson's, so we stopped in around noon after going to an expo at the Marriott nearby on a Sunday. Cons: Sadly, this place was a wreck. It was apparent that they use the out door area of the restaurant as a lounge/club - where we were seated. Every chair and every table was broken, rocking due to uneven feet, or cracked slab on the tabletop. Trash everywhere and just dirty all around the lounge areas. Maybe they just hadn't cleaned up from the "club" from the night before? Service was extremely slow and they seemed annoyed that we were there to eat and basically told us that the only thing left on the brunch buffet was whatever we would be able to have/get, so we ordered from the small Sunday ala carte menu.  After the hour wait for our food, I was not impressed with the sushi. We only ordered 3 small rolls to share. We were STARVING by the time we got our meal. They arrived well after finishing the entire basket of chips and salsa/guac and after my friend finished her meal. PROS: The only redeemer for the 3rd star is the GARLIC KNOTS, otherwise I'd give them 2.5 stars... Absolutely order those if you go. We saw a neighboring table get them, and after waiting so long for our meals, we felt the need to order a plate of them too. Well worth it. Smothered in butter and oil and garlic, super huge. The view is nice especially for a day when the weather is cooperative. Chances are I won't return here on my own accord.
I have been for pizza at the bar outside and for Brunch buffett on sundays. Both amazing. The Brunch was so impressive that I send everyone I know there. The views are incredible, right on the water and the service is excellent. They bend over backwords for you. We were sitting on the water and the sun was getting a little hot. One of the servers noticed and brought us an umbrella! Brunch is a little pricey but way worth it!
It's been quite a while since I've been to Jackson's. Last time was for their Friday lunch buffet. So I'm dating myself, so what? Returned yesterday on a Sunday after boating on the Hillsborough River. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The hostess was very gracious, the waiter extremely attentive. The food was good. My New England clam chowder was ok, but I'm spoiled by Legal Seafoods. The sushi was fresh and very good. They have a full menú. My beer was cold and the glass as cold. A+. The view is excellent. All in all I recommend.
Went here with a friend to grab some dinner, and it was pretty good. You're really paying for the view of the water and not outstanding food- but I understand. The drinks (martinis) were pretty great, definitely enjoyed the lemon basil one I got. Their food has always just been so-so for me, but I honestly don't go to Jacksons for the great food, I go to grab a drink, enjoy the view and meet new people. The night we happened to go the patio was closed for a private party which was lame. It definitely is a bit older of a crowd but it's refreshing to go there instead of soho where everyone is lookin' underage these days.
Jackson's is one of our favorite places to go in downtown Tampa. Great Sushi and outside dining views are wonderful.  Nice outdoor bar overlooking the water.  We have truly enjoyed many drinks, lunches and dinners here.
Amazing lunch selection! Sadly there is no dock right in front of Jackson's, but you can dock in front of the Convention Center and walk over the bridge. There are really cute Cabana style seating outside.  Even on a hot muggy summer day, it was cool enough in the shade to eat outside.  There is a beautiful view of the water so I would suggest eating outside. Our friends always order the Conch Fritters and say it is the best they've ever had.  I tried one and it was delicious.   The Harbour Island Tea (basically a Long Island Iced Tea) and the Red Sangria are both delicious!  I don't think you can go wrong with any of the cocktails. I got the Chicken Penne Pasta and it was to die for!  It came in this amazing Pesto Sauce and I've never enjoyed broccoli more than that.  My fiance got the French Dip Sandwich and it came on a pretzel roll!  That was unexpected, but in a good way.  It was fantastic.  The fries it came with were nice and crispy too. I really enjoyed this place and I plan to come back as much as possible!
