Simply superb.  Incredible sandwiches (Beef Martini), amazing deserts (Red Velvet Cake...Cream Cheese Brownies), fast service....I simply can not praise this place enough.
Best sandwiches in tampa
By far the best cake anywhere in Tampa.  Their Alpine cake (yellow cake, chocolate froting, with white chocolate shavings) is so good I can only buy a piece at a time, or risk eating the entire thing in a day.  Their carrot cake is also to die for!
Friendly service, generous portions, great taste ... This local favorite is hitting on all cylinders. My wife and kids discovered it a while ago but I finally go to see (taste) what also the hubbub was about today ... Excellent. The deserts are a bit pricey, but they are excellent and if you're going to splurge on the calories the extra couple bucks are worth it.
I found this place while on vacation in Florida after a google search let me know that this place was fantastic. I knew it would be once I got there and I saw the line wrapping around the building. Even though we waited 45 minutes to order our food, the food was worth every second of the wait--it was beyond fantastic! The employees were friendly, the cheese on their grilled sandwiches is to die for, the iced tea is delicious... but most of all, the cake is worth the trip in itself. I wish they shipped their regular cakes because that peanut butter chocolate cake was, without a doubt, the best cake of my life. The frosting tasted like pure peanut butter, and the chocolate cake was so moist and chocolatey. I am drooling just thinking about this place. It's a definite must-go-to and I can't wait to go back one day.
The absolute best cakes and breads with a wide variety of options for lunch. This is a must if your in the area and always a stop on my list. Hummingbird Cake is to die for and the hot of every birthday party that I throw!
A gem in South Tampa! Don't even think about it, just GO. But a warning, if you're not the type of person who is okay with standing in a line that goes out the door, do not come in before 2pm.
The chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting is my absolute favorite.  My workplace had and unhealthy obsession with the cakes to be honest.  The sandwiches and other sides are also very good.
No, despite sharing the name Wright, I have no ownership stake in this buisness. Yes, I wish I did. Wright's Gourmet does our name proud and just never fails to impress me. While I do not go in as often as I probably should (maybe all those delicious cakes and cupcakes as you walk to the cash register are just too intimidating), I visited again this afternoon and received exactly what I have come to expect: Excellence. Employees are all dressed in white coats and offer terrific customer service. Sure, this place gets very busy at lunchtime, but employees do everything they can to keep things moving, while never sacrificing the quality that is expected on every food item. I've had many delicious sandwiches here, but my favorite things to grab and take home are the cold items on the far left that are an absolute bargain when buying by the cup. Turkey pecan salad, three different potato salads, multiple pasta salads, cole slaw and, when I'm lucky, gazpacho. Honestly, I'm not sure why Wright's Gourmet House is not mentioned more often with that steakhouse in South Tampa (you know the one) and that adult night club on Dale Mabry (yes, you've heard of that too) as the biggest names in Tampa to our out of town visitors. Oh, I know why, because Wright's is actually better at what they do than those other two places and they just want us locals to know that.
A solid 4 stars......why you ask? Well, I have been eating here since I was a child, and I still enjoy it. I am not going to say this is for everyone.....because it's not. I on the other hand, enjoy it and recommend it! Now, make no mistake, You will never see me in the line at lunchtime. However, I am happy to sneak in before or after the mass crowd. Tonight I was surprised with a lovely variety. Soup, sandwiches, salads and of course....some cake! One of my sandwiches was a simple turkey with provolone on pumpernickel. Simple and good....the bread is yummy. We also had a monte cristo on pumpernickel....... Yum yum!! My garden salad was good....and the Greek, just as I remembered it. It's not your average Greek salad....but it's worth a try. The soup is still in the fridge because I am stuffed....along with then slices of cake. I agree with my fellow yelpers, the cakes here are delicious. They also do nice sandwich platters....although they are a bit pricey. If you are In the area, it's worth a stop. Just remember, lunch time is beyond crowded!
WGH serves good food, but it's not quite as good as the HUGE line suggests.  Each time I've gone, I've had to wait in line for a long time.  And even the sandwich preparers take a while.  Anyway, both times I've gone, I got the vegetarian sandwich on wheat bread.  I like it.  The bread and the veggies are very fresh, and I really liked the cheese and condiment (I think it's a mayo, mustard, horseradish mix).  Still, I give WGH four stars because the sandwich seems like something you could make at home without too much effort and because the Manhattan clam chowder that I had was only average.
Oh Wright's, a Tampa institution. I've been treated to samples of the delicious, magical cakes they create, but recently was able to stop in for lunch. Wow. My calorie count for the day was blown, but my belly was happy! We turned up around 1pm, as the lunch crowd was beginning to die down, and were able to get up to the counter to order in about 5 minutes. The guy making our sandwiches was friendly and efficient, and even asked about hot sandwiches first since they take longer. We ordered a Cuban, a California (turkey) Reuben, a turkey club, and a PBJ (for the 6 year old). Well, starting with the PBJ, my daughter said it was the best PBJ she'd ever had. My son (who is 12 and never stops eating) was actually satiated after his meal, and my fiance' and I split the Cuban and the Reuben. The Cuban was a little dry, as I think between the toasting and pressing it lost some moisture, but it was very tasty. The reuben was delicious! For dessert, my son got the 7 layer brownie concoction that left him comatose. We shared a slice (GIANT slice) of red velvet and OMG. Even if you don't care for red velvet you have to try this. They put amaretto in it or something and it's to die for. In the past, I've tried their chocolate cake and the carrot cake and both were worth writing home about. Looking forward to heading back and trying some of their salads and even considering having them cater our wedding!
My favorite sandwich here, the Beef Martini, is so amazing that it must be tried by everyone at some point in their lives. Every time I go I want to try new things and all have been great...but the Beef Martini takes the cake. Other than cubans maybe, Tampa isn't exactly known for it's sandwich shops or corner store deli's. There's only a few that I'd actually recommend, but Wright's is at the top of my list.
Came back to try some new sandwiches. Had the Golden Gate & the Tuna. Golden Gate was delicious! The bacon & cranberry spread really made the sandwich. Very unique and delicious. The tuna was good as well.  I love the fresh flavors of the sandwiches. Lines were long as usual but service was quick. Ordered a scoop of broccoli salad again bc it's delicious. I understand the hype now with this place. You have to try the unique sandwiches.
I had lunch at Wright's last Friday and it was delicious!  Loved the place, the atmosphere...very casual.  The next day I had their cake at a baby gender reveal party and it was out of this world!  If you have a chance, go to Wright's.
Warning: Do not come here if you don't like a lot of meat on your sandwich! I just had a Cuban sandwich and everything tasted fresh, the bread, the meats the condiments, the pickles! This was not the "classic Cuban" as I know it, but it was a great sandwich. They add salami and turkey breast to the Cuban, not good to the purist but great to the taste buds. The people behind the counter were very friendly and they were dressed neatly, it looked more like a lab than a kitchen (in a good way). When I asked for the Cuban they asked me if I wanted it pressed... again I've always had it pressed or hot but I like that they asked. They put so much meat that you won't get the meat hot all the way through but it was not a cold sandwich. My friend asked for the Beef Martini and it looked kidnapable (worth of being kidnapped) . They had a good variety of salads, and they sell them by the scoop, per cup or per pound, which allows for sharing or for satisfying a craving. This also helps offset the sandwich price that is a little higher compared to other sandwich places. The extra bucks are worth it! A very nice touch on the drink station is that they have lemons and mint leaves to add to whatever you're drinking. I am coming back to try the Texan, the Beef Martini and the breakfast sandwiches.
I have to side with Brett on this one. My first encounter with Wright's was at a friend's birthday gathering where I tried a piece of coconut-pineapple cake. The second time was another party with another cake. The most recent time, I finally made it a point to go and get a sandwich and some cake to go. You go in, stand in a line (or not, as I went on an off-hour), place your order, wait for it, check out, and find a seat in their dining area. Not the most friendly setup, but it works. I ended up getting the New Yorker and wasn't too blown away by any means. Yeah it was a large sandwich, but it felt like some of the meat could have been fresher. I opted to wash the salt down with a mix of sweet and mango teas, and was actually really surprised to see they had a few different options at the drink station. I got my slice to go and it was good, as with my other cake experiences. I think it might just be me, but most of the time I scrape some of the icing off as it was just too much sugar. Otherwise it's a pretty tasty treat.
I would give this place 3.5 stars but since 2 of the 3 menu items I tried we're not great, I went with 3. I am from the capital of the South - Atlanta - so I know what a red velvet cake should taste like. The cake was right: moist, dense, richly colored red, reminiscent of cocoa flavor; BUT the frosting was awful, just awful! The frosting had a pungent almond flavor. It was like someone dumped a pint of almond extract in the frosting. I've never refused frosting in my life and this was the first time I threw it away. I wanted to try a little of everything since people were raving about this place so I also tried a side of tuna fish. The good part was that it has hearty chunks of tuna; the bad part was the flavor - way too much sweet pickles for my taste. If you eat meat, then you will be in heaven here because they have a lot of sandwich options for you but I'm writing this review for the other vegetarians (and cupcake eaters) out there. You can tell from the menu there is one single option. For a place as large and popular as this, I was expecting many more options. It's a deli - you have all of the ingredients to make multiple vegetarian options, so I find it slack and weak that they don't. So the veggie sandwich they do have is very high quality and its hefty. The pumpernickel bread that it is typically served on was fresh and sliced thickly (but not texas toast thick) with an excellent flavor. Thankfully they provide thick slices of cheese (not that super thin, skimping corners slices) and farm fresh tomatoes. They make their own mustard sauce which really compliments the veggies. It was good but I've had better at Atlanta Bread Company or Jason's and if I'm comparing something to a chain, that's not a good sign.
3.5 stars... I think they're a tad over hyped in my opinion but there's no doubt Wright's is a very special place making good handmade sandwiches and desserts. If you haven't been before they close rather early so it's mostly just a lunch spot (I made this mistake my first trip to Florida when I showed up at 7pm to see a closed restaurant). The process is you go and order your sandwich, while you wait for it make sure to oogle all the giant pieces of cake they have available (whole or by the slice), then you go pay and have a seat. I had to try their award winning Cuban. I enjoyed it but found it a tad dry and stingy on the meat. I was also surprised that the place with the "best Cuban in Tampa" uses turkey meat instead of roast pork and a cheese more mild than the classic swiss. They were also used the pickles very sparingly. I took the sandwich apart to try the different meats and loved all the meats in the sandwich, especially the ham which was the best cold cut slice of ham I've ever had. Still I've definitely had better sandwiches for $9 before. For dessert me and my girfriend "split" a giant piece of their classic vanilla cake with chocolate frosting (they call the alpine). The frosting tasted like the stuff from the jar which was ok, she liked it more than me. The cake part though was amazing. So good that every time I took a bite I had to express how good the cake was, nearly recreating the When Harry Met Sally moment. It was so moist and flavorful I can no longer picture my life without cake this good. I just wish I lived closer so I could try all the other flavors and some of their other sandwich options.
I quote Young Frankenstein when I sing, "Oh, sweet mystery of life, at last I've found you!" Maybe the best sandwich place I've been to in Tampa?  If not, its one of them.  I have to go to all the others again for a quick comparison, but I'm not that hungry at the moment. My girlfriend, in her genius, found this for us.  We arrived at 2PM on a Saturday afternoon, and they were packed, line out the door.  Piece of advice - since this place is apparently always busy, call in your order for pick up. Anyway, she showed me some of the sandwiches on the menu as we were driving up and I almost destroyed her phone by drooling all over it.  There were so many I wanted to try, but in the end, I had to go with the cuban since it's apparently a Tampa Tribune 6 time all Tampa cuban sandwich winner. Look, I don't know if it was the best cuban I ever had, but I've had some sub-par cubans since moving to SW Florida, and some really good ones, and this definitely falls in the really good one ledger.  Sandwich was good size, thick, with real pork (not sliced deli meat) and a delicious mustard.  Cuban bread was very good, too.  They do say it can take 15 minutes, but mine was ready in half that time.  Make sure you order it pressed. I also got a side of cole slaw - also good, though a little too much mayo. My girlfriend got a veggie sandwich on pumpernickel.  This thing was huge - may as well have been 2 sandwiches.  She'll tell you about hers in her review, but she really liked it. The one drawback was the red velvet cupcake.  It wasn't good.  The cake itself was good enough, but there was some kind of almond butter or extract in the icing which killed it.  Maybe you like almonds in your desserts, but I hate nuts in my desserts.  I can stand a sprinkling of nuts on a sundae or in a brownie (I won't be happy about it, but I'll eat it).  This had some chopped almonds on top, which we removed, but when we bit into the icing, it had a very strong almond taste to it like, again, they used too much extract or something.  It killed it for both of us, and there was no need for it.  The icing without that along with the cake probably would have been fantastic.  Amazing how one wrong ingredient can destroy an otherwise good dish. Anyway, I'll be back - no doubt about that - there's at least 5 other sandwiches I want to try.  However, if I have dessert again, I think I'll stick with the cookies.
I have been coming to Wright's Deli since I was a little kid.  My family is old school Tampa Italian, so we used to frequent the deli for family get-togethers.   I never used to think too much of the place as a kid, but now I am amazed at how ridiculously good their food is.  Maybe it's the maturity in my tastes.   EVERYTHING IN THIS PLACE IS SPECTACULAR!!!   From the quiche to the hummingbird cake..... I love it all!  You cannot have a bad meal here.   I cannot limit myself to just one sandwich from their menu.  If my hubby joins me for lunch, we usually split two sandwiches and a salad with a slice of cake for dessert.   Top three picks that I highly recommend are: The Monte Cristo which is a double-decker turkey, ham and Genoa salami sandwich served on pressed pumpernickel bread with jarlsberg cheese.   The Paris could be my favorite.  It's  a turkey sandwich with warm brie cheese and juicy slices of apples.   The Beef Martini is probably their most famous signature sandwich.  It is loaded with roast beef, marinated mushrooms and crispy bacon slices My personal favorite dessert is the carrot cake.  It's fully loaded with spice, and pecans and topped with delicious cream cheese frosting.  I order a full size cake for holidays and birthdays and there's never leftovers.   The only complaint I have ever heard about Wrights is the extensive wait that you WILL incur upon arrive.   Your best case scenario during a lunch rush is to oder ahead of time and pick up from the cashier.  You'll still wait a small while in this scenario too.
Note: I have only eaten dessert here so that's what this review will be about. Note #2: I really love dessert -- like, a whole lot. I've had a few selections from Wright's. I've tried their pecan pie, carrot cake, and their coconut cake. All have been amazing, some of the best slices of cake I've ever had. The pecan pie is sticky sweet, probably the sweetest pecan pie I've ever tasted. That being said, it's huge, and awesome. And I don't even really like pecans that much. The carrot cake is another sweet treat from Wrights. The cake is perfectly moist and the cream cheese frosting is so heavenly I could have sworn angels started singing when I took a bite. You can order the carrot cake without frosting on top if you don't want it too sweet. But I assure you, it's worth it. Their coconut cake is also incredible. I never really had a soft spot for coconut growing up. In fact, I actually detested it until I had the pleasure of trying some coconut cake in San Francisco a few years back. Since then, I've always opted for coconut cake whenever I can get my hands on it, and the coconut cake from Wright's is very delicious. Wright's knows how to make desserts. Some other places in the area have been less impressive because their cakes aren't moist enough or just lack overall flavor. Wright's bridges the gap that has been lacking in many other South Tampa bakeries. Come here for dessert and you won't be disappointed.
When I moved to Tampa 3 years ago all the Locals recommended this as a MUST for Lunch. Took me a while but I finally did it, and I came back the next day! This place is AWESOME for lunch and TAKE-OUT. The Turkey Martini on day 1 and the Paris on day 2. Both delicious but the Paris was AMAZING! Def worth the hype, not sure the long lines are worth it but ordering and taking it to go is the easiest way to be in & out during lunch! Def. a Tampa Staple!
The sandwiches are good, I've had better.. The reason for the 5 stars is because of the amazing desserts they have.  RUM cake is probably the best in town. I also love their classic alpine cake.  The frosting is not to sweet and it doesn't have that artificial flavor I find in allot of cake frosting. If you like beef sandwiches. The beef martini is a must.
I've never been to Wright's, but I organized a surprise weekend birthday party trip to San Diego for a friend who used to live in Tampa and loved them.   His best friend had the Wright's carrot cake shipped to San Diego.   These people KNOW how to ship perishables!  Their dry ice box kept the cake frozen and totally unsquooshed.  They are SERIOUS about packing their cakes properly.   And, DAMN, that cake was GOOD.  We got the biggest one and ate it two nights in a row for dessert and then finished it off for breakfast on the third day.  It stayed moist and deeeee-lish throughout!  Thanks Wright's!
The sandwiches here are not all they're made out to be, but the desserts are seriously the best. We had the turkey martini sandwich. Honestly the flavors just didn't seem to go together. The mushrooms in the sauce overpowered the whole thing and the bread was too soft for such a sandwich. Something more crusty might be better. We also had the shrimp pasta salad. This was actually delicious. I enjoyed it a lot more than my sandwich. Now. The desserts. I had a piece of yellow cake with chocolate frosting. It made me want to cry it was so good. It's like it was made with love by the most loving grandma ever. Mr. O has a thing for pecan pie and he said it was the best he has ever had. So 3 stars for the actual food but 5 stars for the dessert!!
Best place I've catered from for snack & finger foods. The service is fantastic and the food is always delicious.  They call to confirm and are great at communicating everything. We've never had a single issue in 4 years!
I've had Wright's several times before, but yesterday was the first time I actually stepped foot into their location. Previously, when working at TGH, we had sandwiches and cupcakes either delivered or picked up as to-go orders. Now that I don't work at TGH anymore, I don't get the luxury of having Wright's as often. So I HAD to take my own visit because I missed the deliciousness! I came in around 1pm, and of course, the lunch rush is still going on. Expect a long line, but it's worth it! They advise that hot sandwiches will take 10-15 minutes, so be warned. I ordered a turkey club and picked up a chocolate cupcake. You MUST pick up some sort of dessert! You won't regret it. My sandwich was very large that I only ate half of it. (Second half saved for the next day's lunch... still good!) Fresh turkey, love the pumpernickel bread. And of course, my chocolate cupcake was amazing. I've tried all of their cupcake flavors, minus the peanut butter chocolate one since I don't like pb. All equally delightful. Wright's is a Tampa signature place that you need to put on your to-go list whether you're visiting or a resident.
This place is a staple of South Tampa. Great deli sandwiches and if you have a big meeting order a tray of these sandwiches. Everyone at the meeting will be happy. You can get an assortment that will please everyone. If you eat in the deli , the dining area isn't that big and all of the tables are 4 tops which is kinda weird because so many people come and eat solo or with two people. So you have one or two people at four top tables. A major waste of space in my opinion. Need to have some 2 tops. Also, if you want condiments you will need to ask for them. For some reason they keep them behind the counter.
There's a reason Wright's wins the cuban sandwitch contest every year.  Its the best in the state.   And I eat cubans from the Miami area all the time.   I drive here for the cake too.  Best chocolate cake in the world.   Call ahead to place your order.  Only way to get in and out quickly.
If the sign says "Best Cuban Sandwich" I'm going to open that door every time. Too bad we were hustlin down to the AFB and apparently didn't have 15 mins to spare for the wait to have one of their Cubans made. So sad. I opted for their "Golden Gate" which turned out to be a honking monster of a sandwich on their awesome house-made bread. Bread+Roast Pork+German Pickles (Danke)+Homemade peach chutney+BACON+somesorta herb mayo spread, tomato, etc. The flavor was amazing, a bit too zealous use of the chutney, but overall a great choice. This place certainly lived up to the other Yelp reviews.
A pretty interesting delicatission they have both classics and their own new takes on salads and sandwiches. I mean the desserts tempted me....they tempted me!!!!! I had the swiss grilled cheese with tomatoes and not only was it a large portion but amazingly delicious as well but I would recommend outdoor seating indoor is good but alittle cramped.
The wife and I came back here today as we were in the mood for a light lunch. This time around was waaaay better than the first. I had the New Yorker(pastrami, corned beef, provolone, mustard, & onions. It comes on rye but I had white) with tomato bisque, and wife got the Pamela soup with dill potato salad. We loved our soups! Best tomato bisque I've had in a while. This sandwich was also MUCH better than my beef martini was last time we came. We also got some lemon cake that was VERY lemony(which all lemon cakes should be, though most are not), moist, and delicious.  After this visit I have to amend what I said in my previous review and give this place a solid four stars, because I am now a fan.
Wright's is always a recommended spot for lunch and despite the commute from Downtown, I still go to pick up lunch sometimes.  Their cous cous salad is WORTH every terrible South Tampa driver.  And combine that driving skill with normal noon-midnight traffic insanity, that says a lot about their food.   Be prepared to wait in line at lunch as lots of people face the rush for Wright's.  Again, I can't stress enough, it is worth it.   I've ordered from them for clients before as well and they are perfect.  Box lunches from Wright's are the way to go if you want your meetings to go off flawlessly (food wise), they take care of everything.   Another indulgence that I can't skip over are their cakes.  The Hummingbird and the Coconut Cake are family favorites and even though I do not eat butter, eggs, or cream regularly, I would if a Wright's cake were involved.  I'd jump out of one naked if it were a Wright's cake.  I've taken this too far I believe.   Anyway.  Go here.  Order anything really, it's all good.
Part I Sandwich Let's say there was an all-out sandwich war. Wright's Gourmet House would win. I was visiting Tampa for a wedding (shout out to newlywed Yelpers Davis & Melissa J.) plus mini-vacay, and it might have been one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I came with the intention of going big, not going home, so I ordered the TEXAN - Double-decker Roast Beef sandwich with bacon slices, New York cheddar, red onions, lettuce and tomatoes on Pumpernickel with Pete's Mustard Sauce. THE PUMPERNICKEL: SO fresh and SO SOFT, SOFT. ROAST BEEF: super tender, moist, and tasty BACON: It's bacon, so there's nothing more to be said here. Pete's Mustard Sauce: slammin' The sandwich was the size of George Bush's big ass Texan head. In fact, I didn't get to eat the whole thing and had to throw it out and nearly cried. Part II Cake We got the Red Velvet and the Carrot Cake. The almond icing on the RV makes it so good, but it's the cake itself, super rich and moist. The flavor and sweetness is a model of perfection. GUESS WHAT!? They ship their cakes! The carrot cake has chunks of carrots, pecans, and even coconut shreds in it. Carrot cake isn't even usually my first choice and I was overwhelmed with joy the eating. I don't want to say. Life is short. Fly to Tampa gobble up a sandwich and eat dat cake, yo!
This place is awesome. The two sandwiches we had were incredibly good and huge! We tried the turkey martini and the turkey club-so good! We will definitely be returning! Everything seems to be made with fresh, quality ingredients and the desserts looked fabulous. It gets very packed in there though so prepare to wait in line and you may not get a table inside. Some of the sandwiches take a little longer as well 10-15 minutes(it says which ones on the menu) Great place, can't wait to go back!
Wright's is one of those seriously Oh-My-God awesome places that you MUST try if you live in Tampa. Yes, I know.....it's located south of Kennedy Boulevard on South Dale Mabry, but you'll just need to suck it up and go there. You can thank me later. Wright's was started in 1963 as a small gourmet shop with imported and domestic delicacies, fresh coffees, teas, and spices. The husband and wife team gradually moved into making sandwiches, fresh salads, and AMAZING desserts, and that's how we got the Wright's which we all know and love. The business is now owned and operated by the grandson of original owners, and the family recipes have been passed down through the generations. Today Wright's is a deli, a bakery, a cafe', and a huge catering business. In the morning, they are busy cranking out breakfast sandwiches and gallons of coffee. The lunch crowd starts rolling in about 11am, and the place will be slammed by 12 Noon. You enter through one door, pick up a menu to peruse your choices, and then snake around past the chips and the cooler filled with cakes and pies, and then the cooler filled with all of the homemade salads, and finally you stand and wait for one of the sandwich makers to beckon you down to where they will prepare your meal. I've never had anything that I disliked, but I do have a few favorites. The Beef Martini is my go-to sandwich, and it is prepared on your choice of pumpernickel, rye, whole wheat and buttercrust white bucket bread as well as onion rolls, wraps and Cuban bread. The sandwich is made with rare roast beef, marinated mushrooms that are pan seared before being placed on top of the beef, and then topped with two slices of crispy bacon. They add a creamy garlic and herb spread on the bread, and then slice the sandwich into quarters. You can also get this sandwich prepared with turkey breast in place of the roast beef. You can add lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, and a variety of cheeses, along with pepperoncini, olives, green peppers, sauerkraut....whew! Wright's has about two dozen different sandwiches -- some are grilled, some are vegetarian, and all are delicious. Everything is fresh, and the portions are massive. They also offer a bunch of freshly-made salads, quiche, soups, and deli salads. My absolute yummyliscious favorite deli side is their broccoli & peanut salad which is made with fresh broccoli florets, salted peanuts, and red onion slices, in a sweet mayonnaise dressing. Now the true reason that people love Wright's Deli would be their Holy-Crap-That-Looks-Awesome scrumptious cake slices. There is an entire cooler conveniently placed in between the sandwich makers and the checkout counter. Go ahead and try not to stop and stare at the freshly-made hile-high cake slices. No matter if you love Carrot Cake, Red Velvet Cake, Coconut Cake, Lemon Cake, Banana Cake, Rum Cake, Chocolate Cake, and several that I can't remember off the top of my head......you are in serious screw-the-Weight-Watcher's-Diet-and-Get-In-My-­Belly-NOW heaven!
Today was my 2nd visit to Wright's since moving to Tampa 2 years ago. The first was Sunday.  The 3rd might be tomorrow. I am kicking myself for not trying Wright's sooner.  When I was closing on my home purchase 2 years ago, the company handling the close gave me a menu saying I've got to try it.  It sat in my house for 2 years. My first visit Sunday almost ended before it began.  I was running early for work, but when I saw the line out the door, I didn't think I'd have enough time to wait. But you know the rule, if it's busy, it's probably worth the wait. It was.  Seemed like the Cuban was the way to go.  Added some cole slaw and dill potato salad and a chocolate peanut butter cupcake.  Just incredible.  I drove over the Howard Frankland woofing it all down and was in agony by the time I got to work. Today was visit #2.  I went with the BLT.  A BLT is something so simple... how can you make one that stands out I thought.  They did. Toasted buttered bread, sweet and salty bacon, just enough mayo, fresh tomatoes and lettuce... it was amazing. Tried the red velvet cake this time - honestly it was just ok.  The peanut butter chocolate is definitely the way to go. I work in St. Pete and live in Brandon, so this place isn't close, but it's definitely going to be a frequent lunch stop.  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
I'm here for one thing and one thing only... - Chocolate Cake! Oh, and... - Red Velvet Cake!! Oh, and... - Coconut Cake!!! Oh, and... - Couscous Salad!!!! This IS that bakery. This IS that cafe. This IS that caterer. Honestly, the other day I went there to satisfy my chocolate cake craving and walked out with all of the above. I'll admit, the couscous salad didn't even make it home. Ask any Tampa resident, they know what Wright's Gourmet is. Wanna impress your party guests, purchase a full-size Wright's cake, guaranteed to brake the table. Nothing like family owned and made goodness.
The best place for sandwiches in Tampa!!  I love the California Reuben, Beef Martini, and Monte Cristo...they are a must try!  The sandwiches are always made with the best and fresh ingredients!  The staff is friendly, but it's always packed so get there early!!  If I could give more than five stars, I definitely would!
The cakes there taste likes fluffy clouds.  The food overall was delicious.   I highly recommend it to anyone that lives in the area.
What can be said about perfection! Wrights definitely is by far the best sandwich shop around. They also have delicious mouth watering cakes and pies to take home with you. Expect the sandwich to be huge. I typically get a roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese on their home made pumpernickel bread. I typically only eat half of it and save the other half for the next day! (That's if my husband doesn't eat it first!) This last Christmas and Thanksgiving we had a rum cake and a chocolate rum cake for dessert! They opened up early so we could pick them up and they were both a hit! You won't be disappointed!
I have a weak spot for their shrimp pasta salad and chocolate cupcake. Their rum came is amazing as well. Gets very crowded at lunch time. Expect a long line.
Today's episode of "Cuban Hunters" takes place at Wright's Gourmet House.  Apparently a Tampa icon that has somehow escaped my almost 20 years of Tampa dining, Wright's is a very popular deli and bakery. Judging from the what seemed like 10 people behind the counter, this place rocks. They have all sorts of baked goodies, like cookies, brownies, cakes and breads.  But I am here for one reason today.  The Cuban sandwich.  They boast being a six time winner of the All-Tampa Cuban Sandwich contest from the Tampa Tribune.  I am going to put that statement to the test! I split a Cuban with a friend of mine, as this Cuban quest is starting to pack the pounds. These things are huge!  I took a pic of my Cuban with a small cole slaw, and that was just half!  The bread was amazing.  The pork was thinly sliced, and it was moist and delicious.  The pork to ham ratio seemed about right.  It was well toasted, served without lettuce or tomato. Wright's scores!  This is definitely one of the best Cubans I've had in Tampa. It easily glides onto my list of best Cubans in Tampa Bay.  I am really baffled by the negative reviews their Cuban has gotten.  I guess different strokes for different folks,  I thought their bread was fresh and crispy from being pressed, and the meats were juicy and flavorful.  It's hard to tell from the pictures of my open sandwich, but this is definitely a high quality Cuban.  Maybe I got lucky with the sandwich chef on duty.  Who knows. The atmosphere is casual with about 15 tables of four and some tables outside.  The crowd moves quickly through the checkout.  There is staff constantly cleaning and making sure everything is ok.  It's a bit higher scale than your average sandwich shop.  I noticed you can also call ahead your order.  I noticed a lot of people coming in for pickup.   I can't believe I've missed this place all these years.  Thank you fellow Yelpers!  Another great Tampa treasure discovered (at least by me).  This is as good as it gets! I'm coming back for one of those cakes...
Why 3 stars?  Because I just don't understand the hype for their sandwiches.   ---   ---   --- Both times I have been, my sandwich resembled something my grandmother would pack for me to take to a picnic.  I was in a group of 5  while there last week and no one at my table was very impressed. Their desserts however, are (no pun intended) their bread and butter.  We ordered Red Velvet Cake and Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake - we all walked away in awe.  That was probably the best RVC I have ever had...and I'm not a chocolate fan, but that one was awesome. As a bonus, we saw Rays GM Andrew Friedman coming in as we were leaving - he's a pretty smart guy, so he probably came just for dessert.
I love this place! This place was packed and it was hot outside! This tells me this is the place to be for sandwiches. I ordered the California Grilled Reuben sandwich. It was excellent! The staff was courteous and fast! Overall Wright's Gourmet House is a great place. This place will have to find a bigger space to accommodate the growing demand. A bigger waiting area is definitely needed to wait in while your sandwich is being made. . The layout of the waiting area is very small and the overall layout to include the inside dining room is very cramped. That is a good thing though if your business has that much demand that you need to expand! This is a great little spot for great food!
From the outside it looks like your common little sandwich shop, except HUGE. It is all order- and sit (no servers that is). It is a little crowded inside, lines are often long during lunch, but it is worth the wait. This is not your common po-boy sandwich my friends. They have been in business since 1963, and in these economic times, it takes a lot to stay above water, and they definitely provide. They have a large selection of gourmet sandwiches, that all have some type of home-made something, or marinated something else.If you are trying to cut down on those carbs, they have a large selection of salads. They also have soups of the day, quiche of the day, deli salads for sides, and sweet treats (all home-made). Oh and they have breakfast! oh yes! Overall, I am a fan. Everything is fresh and delicious. I am an advocate for fresh foods. Places with microwaves scare me. I had the Beef Martini (roast beef, mushrooms, bacon, with their home-made garlic and herb spread yumm), the Mr. had something called the Golden Gate that what out of this world (if you have a palate better suited for sweet tastes). It has roast pork, bacon, Jaelsberg cheese, pickles and their home made peach chutney which is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! I would definitely go light on it, since it is a bit sweet.
Good food, but extremely slow. I don't know how people manage to come here on their lunch break! A friend and I stopped in around 4:45 on a Wednesday and the place was dead, which was nice because we figured we'd get our food quickly. Wrong. We waited upwards of 20-25 minutes for two sandwiches. It's a sandwich! Even a hot pressed one doesn't take that long! I got the corned beef sandwich, which was incredibly mediocre, and my friend ordered the beef martini, which was delicious. I also brought home a Cuban for my husband, which he declared "good, but nothing special". On the sugary end of the spectrum, my friend & I shared a slice of pecan pie, which was solid as far as pecan pie goes, but nothing mind-blowing. I brought home a few cupcakes as well- the Hawaiian princess was divine and my husband used a few dirty words when describing his carrot cake cupcake, which means it was awesome. I'll be back because I'd love to try a few more items, I just hope they pick up the pace next time!
Wrights brought food to work today. I tried a roast beef sandwich and a turkey sandwich. They were pretty good. Their cookies were awesome and I liked those the most. Maybe next time, I can actually check it out since I know kow it is out there, and I can actually see all of their great selections.
I've only had their Reuben, but it is awesome.  They don't do the traditional thousand island dressing, they use a mustard sauce, which was still tasty.  And they use pumpernickel bread instead of rye.  But the corned beef was delicious, and the bread was perfectly toasted and didn't turn soggy. The side dishes looked good, but I knew I was getting a large sandwich, so I didn't partake.  Another time...
I have a love hate relationship with Wright's.  man, every time I walk in there I blow my diet.  I LOVE their coconut cake. I LOVE their 7 layer bars. I also love their turkey/pecan salad and usually order a scoop of it on a bed of lettuce (so I can justify ordering a dessert!) Call ahead or you'll be waiting in line for a long time.
Their Cuban is very good.  Not the best I've ever had, but good. But the cakes!  OH, THE CAKES!  I've had their coconut cake (even BETTER the second day!) and their yellow cake with chocolate frosting (SO, SO, SO, SO, SO DELICIOUS.) I dream about their cake.
I was promised a great sandwich, and this amazing deli in south Tampa didn't disappoint.  Immediately upon entering you understand this is an effiecient, large-scale operation, but one that doesn't skimp on quality. There are multiple servers taking orders, and multiple cashiers at check out. Some sandwiches take a long time to prepare (more on that later).  When we arrived there was a line, and also a brisk trade in cakes (which they also ship nationwide) on the other side of the tills. There were so many sandwich choices, but since I always judge a true deli sandwich by its Rueben sandwich I went for that, although I modified the default bread from pumperknickel to rye, a personal favorite. I was very impressed by the quality.  I prefer a bit of sharpness in taste, so I added some mustard at the table.   Next time I'll try the Hot Pastrami...  or the Cuban sandwich.  I'd heard so much about this regional specialty, and about how there's a clear difference in style between the Miami version and the Tampa version.  Apparently the Tampa version was (positively) influenced by the local Italian population, and therefore includes Genoa Salami in the list of meats, in addition to roasted pork, ham, and turkey breast!  With that much meat, the people at Wrights ask for 15 minutes in order to properly prepare and *press* the sandwich for you.  I hear it's well worth the wait! I'll definitely be back!
Stopped by Wright's on an afternoon to check out their Cuban sandwich.  The interior is very clean and well kept, and even though the dining area had no one sitting in it, the gentleman cleaning it never stopped the entire time I was there.  As I was not visiting during meal time, the counter service was extremely prompt and attentive. I've heard so much about their Cubans here I'll admit my expectations were very high.  My Cuban was good, but not great, mostly resulting from an overly toasted bread pressing that left some burnt taste in every bite.  If not for the burnt taste, I could tell the bread was quite good and the crisp crunch of the toasting was just right.  And in spite of the burnt toast exterior, the meats and cheese were barely room temp, not warm as most pressed Cubans I've found around Tampa.  The meats are sliced deli thin, and the portions were tasty and fairly generous, but for $8 I thought the price was just a bit high compared to other excellent Cubans I've had in the Tampa area recently. If I'm in the area, I'd like to give Wright's another shot to see if my experience was a fluke, and hopefully have the outstanding Cuban so many others have enjoyed. My scores on the Tampa Cuban sandwich shop scale: Atmosphere:   5 Service:   5 Food:   3 Value:   3
This is a GOTTA go to place.  Often. It runs like a well oiled machine, and although it might take a few minutes to place your order and then get it......the line might be way out the door - it is well worth the wait!! I have some favorite sandwiches - the Bahama Baby is at the top of the list, the Golden Gate, the Paris, the Luau - seriously all awesome.  I love all of these grilled (or pressed).  Their corned beef is lean. When I can hold myself back from the temptation of one of my favorite sandwiches, I like one of their HUGE salads - what makes it nice is you can scoot right by everyone waiting in line to order and sneak in to the register line. I love their old school drink selection.  They charge an arm and a leg for  them, but they're fun sometimes. Their desserts......OH, the desserts - the cakes!  And now they've made mini cakes (in cupcakes) - PERFECT one serving sizes.....I just can't resist - my favorite is the alpine.  YUMMMmmm uuhhh!! Had one of their tall chocolate cakes at my rehearsal dinner dessert reception with some other goodies and OH it's the best - truly an amazing chocolate cake.  LOVE IT! You really go for the experience and the quality - this place is actually like a piece of NYC in South Tampa.  The food is really great!
If you live in Tampa and havent been here you need to stop reading this now.... grab your car keys and rush over there to try it....unless its after 6pm ..then you might want to wait until tomorrow when they are open. Anytime my friends ask for lunch suggestions this is my #1 go to. When you get there it is a little crazy.. the line is always out the door. The place is the size of my bedroom, which I find ridiculous due ot the amount of business they have! Trust me.. the line moves fast and surprisingly there is always seating (indoor and outdoor). I always order the beef martini sandwhich (rare roast beef, mushrooms, bacon with a herb buttery spread). The cold sides are ok.. some are a little too mayo filled for me but I do enjoy the homestyle potato salad and the pesto pasta salad. Most people love Wrights because of the cakes... I'm not a crazy sweets person and the slices of cake they sell will feed 3 people but I do suggest the seasonal peperment chocolate when its available during the hoildays. Personally I think the dessert bars they have are awesome and it takes everything within my body to resist buying the 7 layer wonder bars (lets be honest.. I never resist).
Their cake is soooooo good . They have many different flavors but my favorite is the Alpine (yellow cake with chocolate icing). That is always my cake for my birthday. The sandwiches are also fabulous. Love it here!! It does get busy during lunch hour understandably and they have a small parking lot.
We finally found a place that we enjoyed in Tampa. this place is an old fashioned deli the sandwiches and deserts are absolutely fabulous and the bread is all made on site, the pumpernickel is great. delicious mango iced tea and potato salad. my only complaint is that the pastrami is a bit to salty otherwise fantastic we will definitely be back
The only downside to Wright's is the insanity during the lunch hour. It's mobbed and it's really no wonder why. The sandwiches are always amazing and you can have them made any way you like. I usually get a tuna melt on rye and their tuna salad is outstanding. I have no idea what's in it exactly but it's definitely one of the better tuna salads around. Unlike Subway tuna which has a fine consitency to the tune and isn't that creamy, Wright's tuna salad is chunky, creamy, and chock full of other ingredients. No bland tuna melt here! Wright's is also known for their cakes and cupcakes and trust me, they are out of this world. I have yet to try a pasta or potato salad because the sandwiches are so huge but I have heard nothing but compliments on those as well.
Strictly a review for the baked goods. And maaaaaan are they good.  I have been coming to Wright's for a few years now, and just about every time I'm in Tampa, I HAVE to come here.   Most recently I was here about a week ago, and had to snag some cupcakes for the ride home (and so my friend's don't think I completely forgot about them). Albiet chilled, the cupcakes are savory and delicious.  I usually get the sampler, but I went easy this time and just grabbed a red velvet (the BEST), a chocolate, and a Hawaiian. The Hawaiian (my first time having it) was very pinapple-y and coconut-y.  Delicious.  The frosting was creamy and complemented the cake very well. Next time I'll have to try the sandwiches, but every time I come there is always a crowd for the deli - and I don't do lines very well.  I'm a fan of the grab-and-go baked goods. Not a lot of parking options, so keep it in mind if you're willing to risk a tow at the plaza across the street.
The variety on the menu is what could have you keep coming back as a repeat customer.  I ordered the Golden Gate sandwich and it was probably one of the better sandwiches I had ever had.  I wish I was in Tampa longer to have went back to try the Cuban based on everyone's raves...but I guess that will have to wait till another day.  My lunch time meal was topped off with a red velvet cake.  Ya I know, weird that a sandwich place will ALSO have a full assortment of desserts.  I've had better red velvet cupcakes but it still wasn't bad at all.  Overall, great tasting food with the variety to keep you entertained. Large lunch crowd so make sure you have enough time to make it back to work on time!
I can't speak for the food because we made a mistake and had lunch across the street. But I can tell you passing by this place without a cupcake or cake is a mistake. We had hoped to stop in the Sunday before Christmas our last day in Tampa to get a cake to fly home. Seems Sundays no matter the season or holiday are closed.
Good variety of deli sandwiches, pastas and delicious cakes!  If you enjoy cake I find that if you let it reach room temperature the cake melts in your mouth. That's if you have any let to take home.
Not fancy food but adequate. As a deli goes I like Dills Deli in Palm Harbor.
I LOVE WRIGHT'S! In the past, I've only ever had their cakes (their red velvet cake is TO DIE FOR), but recently, I went for lunch and was blown away. The line was very long (it was around noon on a Saturday) but totally worth it and it ended up moving pretty quickly. Looking back, we should have called in an order and just picked up our food but waiting in the line was kind of fun because you can browse the other foods they have for sale. One downside -- I ordered the beef martini, and even after the guy making my sandwich clarified that I wanted a beef martini, I got a turkey martini. My boyfriend got the Monte Cristo, which was fantastic. The sandwiches are huge -- we were starving and both only finished about 3/4 of our sandwiches. They also have a plethora of delicious-looking sides, which are all very reasonably priced. It took me forever to choose one side because they all looked so good but I ended up going with the pesto pasta salad, which I loved. I will definitely be coming back for lunch more often to try out more of their sandwiches. They have kind of odd hours, which makes it difficult to go, since they're not open past 6pm on weekdays, 4pm on Saturdays and closed all day Sunday!
We were pleasantly surprised when we came here for lunch! The prices are reasonable and the portions are huge. A whole sandwich is like two sandwiches! I had the Continental, which was a roast beef sandwich with a sour cream/horseradish spread, tomato, and red onion on pumpernickel bread. The only complaint I have about it is that the spread seemed to be more sour cream than horseradish, leaving the sandwich a bit bland without a touch of salt. My boyfriend had the club sandwich, which he thought was incredible. Turkey, Jarlsburg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, etc in a stack. Delicious! Everything was fresh and wonderful. I had part of a large slice of pecan pie that was totally worth the price I paid for it. Definitely grab some dessert on your way out!
I've had the pleasure of dining at Wright's hundreds of times over the years.  It never gets old, and I will ALWAYS come back! The Beef Martini, EXCELLENT! Hummingbird cake, STELLAR!
Just got back from a cruise to the Carribean and we arrived in Tampa a day early.  We came here to get some sandwiches becuase I read a few reviews and had heard that they were awesome.  I was dreaming about Cuban sandwiches because...... a.  I have never had one and they looked good. b.  Supposedly, Tampa is a hotbed and the creator of said sandwich. c.  This place has won a few awards for the best Cuban sandwich in Tampa. Well we get there and order a Cuban sandwich, a club sandwich, a slice of chocolate cake and some sodas.  Everything came out to about 25 bucks which is a tad steep for sandwiches.  This aint no five....five....five dollar footlong. I get my Cuban sandwich and take a bite......you know what?  I wasnt even impressed.  I was looking forward to this for weeks and it was MEH!  Not enough meat on it and not even that tasty.  On the otherhand, my girlfriends club sandwich was pretty delicious and huge too.  The chocolate cake was also grub.  This is a good deli but the best Cuban sandwich?  Who was judging this?  I sampled much better ones later in Tampa.
Best sandwiches, best cupcakes, best service in Tampa. When I go here, I have to slap myself. Because I didn't think I'd ever find a place with awesome food AND service in Tampa of all places. Been all over the country and have seldom come across a place like Wright's. They are an institution, and deservedly so. And yes the line/crowds are SO WORTH IT.
After seeing all this review, I decided to give it a shot.  The staffs are always nice and friendly :)   I ordered their famous Cuban sandwich and a cup of shrimp salad.  The sandwich was good but not the best.  I actually liked the salad a lot more and want to try other salads they have.  (I did try their Pesto Salad later on but Shrimp salad was much much better.)  Oh make sure to order the oatmeal cookie! I do not even like oatmeal cookie but my husband likes them and when I had a bite of his, I thought they have one of the best oatmeal cookies!     I do not like the interior so much...looks old and out of fashion but I guess they are keeping the original decor.  it is definitely a good place to get a quick bite of some good food and great service.
A very good sandwich shop that specializes in an impressive collection of wonderful desserts.    They are creative and generous in their sandwich offerings....all the standards  like Cubans & Reubens, but also variations like California Reuben with turkey & slaw.   Made fresh and packed with quality meat.  But Crispers and Publix deli offer similar sandwiches with fewer variations.  Mostly takeout, but some tables available for eating there. Wright's achieves superstellar altitude with its desserts.......cupcakes, cheesecakes, tall cakes, cream cakes, standards like red velvet and carrot-----all delectable and all the most popular flavors/ingredients, chocolate, fruit, peanut butter, nuts, coconut,  caramel, butter, and anything high-caloric . I can live without frequent visits, but it is nice as an option when not on a diet.
I LOVE Wright's Gourmet. Nothing compares for a great sandwich, salad or piece of delicious cake. The Monte Cristo is always worth the extra wait. I savor every bite of that huge sandwich. Salads are delish with homemade dressings. Bleu Cheese to die for! Save room for cake. My favorites: Hawaiian Princess and Humming Bird. A family favorite for lunch or dinner. Great for take-out, too. Always closed on Sunday!
All you need to know about Wright's:  get the cake.   Any cake, it really doesn't matter which; it will be the single best cake you've ever experienced.  Experienced, not eaten:  your eyes will roll back in your head, music comes down from heaven, and your toes curl up in ecstasy. One of my buddies likes to say there are only two things on the planet that motivates him to do something he doesn't want to do:  one of them is Wright's cake, the other his wife "provides".  I don't know about all that, but I do know their cake is amazing.   Yep, even the "plain" chocolate!
Best Monte Cristo you will ever eat... ! I get the same thing everytime and its always fantastic. The only reason I didnt give this place 5 stars is because they are a little slow getting your food out, so make sure you call ahead. Also its on the expensive side for sandwiches but keep in mind they are large portions :)
Wright's is amazing. They have great customer service and the food is delicious. I've been coming here for 18 years and have enjoyed it every time. Call ahead your order before the lunch rush though!
A friend of mine always raves about Wright's sandwiches, so I finally decided to check it out for myself. Being from New England, I've been looking for a deli that reminds me of the places I eat at back home. A small place right off of S. Dale Mabry, Wrights is inviting and makes you feel comfortable. When you first enter, the line is likely to be long, but this speaks for how popular this place is. I ordered the turkey sandwich on wheat bread with provolone and lettuce. The person making my sandwich was both polite and accommodating, making sure my meal would come out just the way I wanted. Checkout was an easy process. I quickly paid for my food (about $10 for the sandwich, chips, and a drink) and sat down to eat. The deli meat and bread were fresh and delicious. I didn't think I could finish the whole sandwich considering it looked like it could feed two. However, I surpassed my own expectations and ate it all because it tasted that good. Wrights offers a wide variety of sandwiches, salads, and dessert items. For me, affordability and excellence make this place my new go-to deli in Tampa. If you get a chance and are wondering where to spend your next lunch break, I suggest you try out Wrights.
I think it's great.  Go on a rainy Monday to experience the best chances at sitting at a table and not waiting for 30 minutes in line... Unless that's your thing then go on a nice Thursday around noon.
There is no better place to get sandwiches in Tampa than Wrights. No matter what time you go , there is always a line, and for good reason. The sandwiches are all made fresh to order , and they couldn't be more amazing. If you are in a hurry, call it in and just come to grab it. Otherwise, pick a yummy choice and enjoy the experience. I love the golden gate sandwich. The flavors on this sandwich are unbelievable.
Love love love this deli! The ingredients are fresh, and everything on the menu is so creative! The service is always great, and since I usually stop by for lunch, I always make sure to call and place an order ahead of time due to the lunch traffic. My first sandwich was the beef martini, which is unlike any sandwich I've ever gotten. This first bite was like WOW where has this been all my life?? The only thing I wish there was less of was the herb butter because there was a lot of beef (which is GREAT), so the amount of butter made it a little too rich. Other than that, the crispy bacon made for great texture amidst all that rare beefy flavor. I almost always get a bit of turkey pecan salad everytime I go now, it's soooo good, and other favorites include the tomato Brie soup and egg salad with lovely lovely chunks of cheese mixed in. I pretty much love everything from this deli, I can't stay away!!
I love coming to this place, but I try my best never to come - because when I do I always end up spending 5 times more than I meant to, and getting enough food to feed a Little League baseball team. Not to mention completely destroying my diet.   I have tried many of their sandwiches, but their standouts are the Beef Martini, Reuban, and Pastrami.  The deli meats they use are fresh and tasty.  The sandwiches are HUGE - I can usually only finish about half the sandwich in one sitting.     Sides - my favorite side is the shrimp pasta salad.  It's sweet and filled with mayo-fatty goodness, that just makes everything taste so much better.  Their pesto salad is also fantastic (and probably much healthier!).  I usually get both when I go to Wrights. Desserts.  OMG.  I do not generally like sweets.  I am hardly ever tempted, and usually one bite and I am done. But when I come here, I always have to get a slice of cake or pie.  Pecan pie, red velvet cake, hummingbird cake, pumpkin pie, chocolate peanut butter cake.  You name it it's awesome and amazing.  The portions of the pies/cakes are so huge that I usually end up eating the whole thing in about 4-5 sittings.  When my family came to town for Thanksgiving, I ordered a Pecan Pie and Pumpkin Pie, they all agreed that the pies were absolutely delicious (and they are from Los Angeles/New York City, so they've got some great baked goods in those cities!). On a down side, they are not open on the evenings (after 6pm) and Sundays. For some reason, the times I always seem to really crave Wrights are the days/times they are closed...
Good Food Neighborhoood Friendly! Cakes are like Grannie made! Thank you Wrights for being a part of my family
This is a solid option for lunch, however arrive early because this deli/bakery has many fans including us!  Pick any sandwich you'll enjoy it!  Pick any cupcake you'll enjoy it!  Bottom line buzz...have your favorite type of sandwich at Wright's and you'll leave full and with a smile :)
Today I had my first experience at Wright's. It was great! I had the 1/2 BLT sandwich and I decided it was important to add dessert to my meal, so I got a chocolate cupcake with chocolate icing. My friend got the 1/2 grilled cheese, a side of potato salad, and a carrot cake cupcake. The grilled cheese sandwiches take about 10-15 minutes, so be prepared to wait a little bit (although it's worth it!) My only complaint would be that the line was long and we had to wait awhile. Otherwise, it was reasonably priced, the food was delicious, and it was nice that we could get 1/2 sandwiches and not feel like total fat kids. :)
I can only speak for the food because I have never actually been to the restaurant. A coworker has picked up a BLT for me on a couple occasions and let me tell you I have never had such an amazing BLT (I know how to cook and mine aren't this good LOL). Plus these sandwiches are so big. I was able to eat from this sandwich for lunch and dinner. Also I really don't like chocolate cake, however my coworker got one and we split this because again it is crazy big and this was the best chocolate cake I have ever had. VERY moist and not crazy sweet. If I ever eat chocolate cake it would have to be from here for sure.
My fiancee always gets the beef martini -- thinly sliced rare roast beef, and mushrooms with a DELICIOUS sauce. It usually comes with bacon, but he doesn't like it so they gladly leave it off for him. I like the martini, but it gets too... meaty for me, so I can never finish it. Instead, I prefer the Paris -- turkey breast, brie, apple slices, & mustard. Mmmmmmmm.... melted brie.... I'm such a cheese fiend. The company I work for orders cakes from Wright's once a month for birthdays. I'm usually not that big on cake because it tends to be too dry, but theirs is as moist as can be without turning into pudding, and the frosting is pure perfection. The red velvet is my favorite so far. You pretty much just can't go wrong with ANYTHING here, & that's saying something for sure.
I love this place! If you are looking for a cute little restaurant to have a quick but yummy meal, Wright's is the place to come! You walk right in and it is a small little place but they move through the line very fast. There are lots of options to choose from but I was dissapointed in the vegetarian options. I ordered the veggie sandwich and I didn't care for it but the star of this restaurant is their cupcakes/ cakes. You really can't go wrong with any of their desserts. I got the carrot cupcake and it was AMAZING! I will definitely be returning for another one. My sister and friend got the Alpine and they both loved it. I also know their chocolate chocolate cake is amazing. This is a great place to come for lunch and have a nice meal without having to get dressed up or wait in a long line.
I've been eating Wright's food since the late 1970s. I remember when the place was a single storefront next door with Mr Wright sitting in his rocking chair saying hello to everyone as they entered ... Mrs Wright was in the back making the goods.... the lines were slow and it was always worth the wait. So, allow me to wax rhapsodic: Today they are an institution. The Beef Martini™ is a trademark but the food still just as great. The Cuban? It won 'best of' so many times they just made Jeff Mount a judge and took them out of the running. The Beef Martini? A perfect balance of garlic butter, perfect rare beef they roast in house (no commercial Boar's Head here - they make their own) and that awesome fresh bucket bread with skillet marinated mushrooms on top. I order mine with light garlic butter so the beef and martini flavors are a bit more prominent. The Golden Gate. My gawds what a perfect sandwich. The sour flavors of the Jarlsberg cheese/pickle/mustard sauce balancing the sweet homemade peach chutney - all that measured against the salts of the roast pork and bacon... I cannot begin to say how much I love this sandwich. Monte Cristo! Grilled, balanced - amazing... rich, delicious. Turkey Pecan salad on pump with mayo and lettuce? ... simple, yet perfect. Those are my faves... and thats without discussing the Hummingbird cake or the amazing rum cake. Or the pecan pie. Oh, and it doesn't show up on the menu any more, but you can still (I think) order the grilled Bachelor Brunch - bacon topped with sliced hard boiled egg, sliced jalapenos & swiss on pump.... a unique flavor profile that needs to be experienced at least once. Little compares to lunch at Wright's.
Take the great delis of the Northeast Corridor, and add just a hint of Latin flare. Plus some of the most heavenly desserts anywhere. When people talk about landmarks in Tampa, this place often gets overlooked, and I'm not sure why. The Cuban is as legendary as everyone says, but it's the quality of everything on the menu that will keep you returning. And they feed you so much, you might not have room for the incredible desserts. But get a box for the red velvet cake, or the peanut butter chocolate cupcake. Both are other-worldly. The decor could use a remake, and the line can get a bit long at lunch time, but it's worth the wait. Avoid Fridays if you want to dodge the crowd. But this is where everyone old and young gathers in Tampa when they want a spectacular lunch, and with good reason.
OK the sandwiches here are HUGE, if you are with a friend, you can definitely share a sandwich.   I ordered a pastrami sandwich on pumpernickel bread with lettuce, tomatoes, swiss cheese and mustard.   My pastrami sandwich was more like four sandwiches.  The meat on my sandwich was SO good but the bread was sort of soggy (because of the meat and tomato) so I suggest asking for cuban bread if you order the pastrami sandwich. The reason why I suggest the cuban bread is because my husband got the cuban sandwich and the bread was amazing!  Soft yet crispy enough to hold the sandwich in place (get it pressed). We didn't try any cake because we were both stuffed (plus the cakes looked huge).  Next time maybe we will order one sandwich and split a cake.  Needless to say, we will definitely come back.
Wright's is my favorite place to grab a sandwich in the Tampa Bay area. This place is  usually bumping; I have been several times where the line snakes out the door. My first time there, I definitely had prepared myself mentally for some type of soup Nazi situation.  Despite all of the craziness, the line moved quickly. My all time favorite sandwich is the Golden Gate ( Roast pork, crisp bacon, Jarlsberg cheese, German dill pickle slices, lettuce,that famous mustard sauce, and peach chutney on a double-decker of buttercrust white bread. Heaven.) The sides are also expertly crafted, the Shrimp Salad is an excellent example. The salads are huge, I am a big fan of the Turkey Chef. The fine folks at Wright's are also known for their baked goods. Every cupcake I have shoved in my mouth post-sandwich has been delicious. My goal is to eat every item on their menu, happily. It is good to have goals. Go to Wright's!!
I order Wrights weekly for my weekly staff meeting.  They have amazing sandwiches and the desserts are absolutely gold for the mouth!  My weekly sandwich of choice is the turkey club, It is a large sandwich stuffed with amazing goodness including bacon!  Although cake can't be a weekly thing, when I do venture that road the yellow cake with the chocolate frosting is absolutely delish!   The service is unbeatable.  While you always have a wait because of the high volume, they will not disappoint, because we call in our order, it has on occasion been wrong, and they personally deliver a new sandwich to fix and normally throw in dessert, so they really go out of the way to please!
If I lived in Tampa, I'd be so freakin' fat because I'd be eating cake from Wright's every day. In fact, when I visited, I did just that. I've always said that I prefer pie to cake, but that's simply because I'd never had cake at Wright's. The red velvet is deep and dark with lots of cocoa and cream cheese frosting with almond extract. The cake itself is moist and the perfect density. Seriously, I've never had any cake close to this good. The chocolate peanut butter is perfection. Serious, unadulterated freakin' PERFECTION. I've been away from that cake for 24 hours and I'm about to have a nervous breakdown. Now I need to find out if they do mail-order. It'd be worth every penny and calorie. And even though the cake is obviously my first love, I also had the Cuban which seems to have been voted best in Tampa more than once. Now, I'm not familiar with the Cuban sandwich scene in Tampa, but I've tasted my fair share in other cities and I have to say, this one was really, really, really freakin' tasty. The pesto pasta salad was a perfect side with it as well and my friend's veggie pasta salad looked just as good. I'm seriously going to be visiting Tampa a lot not just to see my friends, but also to eat here. And get super fat while doing it. It's gonna be so worth it!
Wow.   This place SPANKS.   It was nothing but a tragedy, but I was not available to get a slice of cake or a cupcake.  Well.......not exactly.   There are SO many choices for sandwiches, I opted for the recommended Reuben with a "scoop" of dill potatoe salad.  INSANE.  Every bite is off the hook.   The potato salad....I'm convinced was mixed with crack cocaine (no seriously, it's THAT good).  The sweet tea is divine.  The only problem with this place is trying to make a decision:  what delicious sandwich are you going to order? So I pre-ordered a slice of red-velvet cake, thinking I might be able to eat everything.  Yeah right.  Even this pig has his limits.  I was stuffed after half of Reuben......go figure. It was like Shakespears' Macbeth:  an utter tragedy that I couldn't put another bite of food in my mouth, even if it was red velvet or carrot cake.   I took a loaf of banana bread home to California instead.  It was a little pricey ($10), but looks like a serious hunk of hearty goods.   I am so glad I checked this place out when traveling in the Tampa area.  It is about 10-15 minutes from the airport and highly, HIGHLY suggested lunch spot for those traveling (or locals who haven't discovered this place yet!) in the Tampa area.
Wright's is a great restaurant! Best cake in the world.. I got the Alpine cupcake and it was so yummy! My sister got the carrot cake cupcake and loved it as well. For sandwiches, I got the Cuban, which was very good and big. The portion sizes at Wright's are huge and you get quite a lot of food for the money you pay. My sister got the vegetarian, but wasn't too thrilled with it. Overall though, I really liked wright's and highly recommend it!
I could not live without Wrights.  Everything is done perfectly - never had a bad thing.  The biggest secret on their menu is the California Ruben.  It used to be a special and is now a permanent fixture.  If you want to really make it out of this world, order it on pressed cuban bread.  It will keep you coming back.  You can't walk out of there without a piece of cake, cupcake, or cookie - mmmmmmmmmmm Unbelievable packed at lunch time which for them is 10-3 but worth the wait.  Supposedly a renovation is in the works which would help the ambiance but this place packs the crowd because of the quality of their food - a must visit.
Every time I'm back I. Town, I have to stop in. Yes the line is always long, and the order then wait then pay then wait for a table organization is a little crazy, but who cares, the food rocks. All the sandwiches are great, and I always get the broccoli salad, it's incredible. Tried the carrot cake last time and it blew me away. Love how they always have fresh mint for the tea. I'll be back every chance I can.
While in town I stopped in twice and was treated to the best Reuben and Peanut Butter Pie I've ever tasted in my life.  I wish there was a location up north!  Can't wait to go back.
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?  The food here is fantastic and has been a S. Tampa staple for years. Staple seems inadequate, more like a S. Tampa INSTITUTION.  I've been eating here since I was a kid back in the '80s and make it a point to go whenever I visit home.  I crave their cuban sandwiches regularly, and sadly, there's nothing close to a substitute out here in CA.   Even though I can't help but get a cuban every time I go, their other sandwiches like their Monte Cristo and Bahama Baby are incredible as well.  In fact, their sandwiches are so good, I heard a rumor that when the Tampa Tribune did their "Best of the Bay" competition every year, they had to ask Wright's to stop competing in the Cuban Sandwich category, because they kept winning!   But this place is so much more than just sandwiches!  Their salads are fantastic (I particularly like their dill potato salad), and their cakes are famous in S. Tampa (dear God, try their alpine chocolate cake).   The ambiance is about what you would expect from a deli, a decent sized seating area and outdoor seating as well.  Even with the adequate seating, it can be hard to find a place with the crowds that come through here on a daily basis.  Oh yeah, if you show up anywhere from 11:45 am to about 1:30pm, be prepared to wait in line.  It's a popular spot for the locals, and the line and waiting area for your food can get pretty cramped and crazy.  But I end up forgetting all about the stress of getting through the line once I sit down and start eating. If you're in Tampa, you're missing out if you don't stop here.  Plain and simple, it's the BEST.
I have never had a bad sandwich at Wright's so I decided it was time for me to update my review and give Wright's the 5 stars that they deserve.  Recently I discovered the California Reuben.  I am not a fan of corned beef so I love how they use roasted turkey on the sandwich instead.  I have never had coleslaw on a sandwich, but it is delicious and I wish I had tried it sooner.  I am also pleased to say that the red velvet cake rivals my mom's.  A true southerner would agree that this is some of the best red velvet cake!
I decided to try this place today after seeing my coworker one morning walk in the office with a delectable looking plate of assorted salads. So glad my curiosity gets the best of me! First, even though the line was outrageous, I couldn't deduct stars from this tiny gem on S. Dale Mabry. The food is just that good. I tried the Turkey & Pecan Salad Plate, which comes with a generous portion of their homemade Turkey & Pecan Salad, Pesto Pasta Salad, and Fruit Salad, all lying prettily on a bed of greens with carrots, celery, hardbolied egg, sliced tomato, and olives as a garnish. Why 5 stars? It is not because I am easy but because every bite was that damn tasty. The turkey salad is chunky, with just the right amount of seasoning, pecans, and zest. The pesto pasta is creamy and loaded with fresh snow peas and red pepper. The fruit salad...ahhh...the creme de la creme...is not reminiscent of what most places will often deem as fruit salad but is really a watery pool of apples, grapes and, if you are lucky, pineapple. No. This fruit salad is like taking a trip to the local farmers market and loading up on plums, strawberries, blueberries, oranges, apples, peaches, and melon. Fresh, fresh, fresh. One of the best parts? This plate of heaven totaled $7.00 at checkout. I think I am having an affair with my salad plate.
I came to this place because of yelp. I was not disappointed. I found out later it is a landmark for the area and every local I spoke with knew about it. People thought it was surprising I drove so far for lunch but I'll follow up by saying it was worth it. I had the beef martini minus the mushrooms. I ask for their best/signature sandwich, and what they were known for. He told me it was the beef martini, I asked for it without mushrooms.  It was really good and I recommend it to anyone who eats meat.  I also had some macaroni salad and a slice of cake. The prices seem very reasonable too.
Crowded on the weekends and at lunch - BUT well worth the wait on any day of the week!!!  The California Reuben is my favorite sandwich!  The sandwiches are HUGE, no need foe sides!   And the cake..!!  Wooooo!  The chocolate cake, red velvet, and hummingbird cakes are to die for!  If you haven't been here yet, you need to try ASAP!
It's been said in all the reviews before... Wright's Gourmet Deli is a Tampa MUST! The sandwhiches are piled high and super yummy. The bread is made fresh daily in round coffee tins (a tradition from the WWII days when tin was scarce), always soft and yummy. My favorite sandwhiches are the Paris, the Golden Gate and the California Reuben... but honestly, you can't go wrong no matter what you choose. Soups, salads and sides are all yum. And don't forget desert! Individual cupcakes or whole cakes and pies are the perfect way to end your meal. Red velvet cake, peanut butter chocolate cake and the hawaiian princess cakes are crave-worthy! Moist with melt in your mouth frosting. Only downside- there's never enough parking, turning off Dale Mabry can be harder than getting a perfect score on the SATs and during lunch the line is out the door...
For Tampa, definitely a 4-star lunch.  Not necessarily in the setting (off a busy Dale Mabry), but it feels like you're in a big city sandwich shop. A word of advice -- try to avoid the lunch crowd because it's absolute madness (lines out the back door) -- if you can keep your appetite in check, go a little bit later (12:30-1pm). Everything I've tried on their menu has been nothing short of delicious.  Also ordered a few different cakes for various birthday's and they were great as well.  Nothing bad to say about this place, except for the limited seating available inside..Enjoy
I love a restaurant that does one thing and does it quite well. There's nothing over the top at Wright's: just damn good sandwiches, and damn good variations on simple sides like pasta salad, potato salad, and fruit salad. These guys still bake their bread in a bucket, I hear. It's usually busy, and it's usually slow. Don't come here and expect your food fast. It's not an obnoxious wait, though. Once you've been there, you understand that you're waiting for a piece of sandwich ART. I usually go for the Paris - brie, apple, dijon, and turkey - and no matter how many times I've had it, the first bite is like the first time I ever ate it. I never saw fireworks even kissing a boy, but god damn do I see them when I eat this sandwich. This place is a gem. Go. Also - A BAZILLION bonus points for being one of the few places in Tampa that sells birch beer.
Wright's has all the potential to be a unique, must visit destination in Tampa. The building structure feels historic, sandwich making station right where you order gives it an authentic feel  and the deserts are delicious.  There's lots of excellent sandwich options for lunch and several choices for cold salads. The service was really good too. The line moved fast, we checked out pretty quick and we had no problem finding a clean table. Our meal was pretty solid. My Cuban wasn't made fresh, just picked off a try of pre-made ones. My girlfriend's Ruben was good but nothing to write home about. We both indulged in a cake. Her coconut princess cake was good, my peanut butter chocolate icing cake was excellent. Was my meal worth dealing with the crowd, navigating through a cramped dining area and paying a higher price? No. I expected my first bite to be heaven. My frustration of bumping into my table neighbor, of squeezing by that older lady while trying not to spill my tea wasn't worth the taste of my meal. Compare this to Pinky's where you have all the same issues but your first bite forgives all. The wait is forgotten, the proximity to your table to another becomes "quaint" as opposed to annoying and you slap your credit card down without thought when the bill arrives. I'm a simple man. For lunch all I want is a a tasty sandwich with a tasty glass of ice tea. Wright's has potential but it's not there for me.
After figuring out what I wanted to eat when I got off the plane, I drove straight to this place right when I got out of the airport! I was a little skeptical going in because it didn't look like anything special, and I just wasn't feeling the vibe. It was almost completely when I went (like 5pm). I ordered the beef martini sandwich, and it tasted awesome! Not only does it have bacon in it, which I love, it has roast beef, mushrooms, and garlic spread smashed between two slices of light, fluffy white bread. Service was very friendly. The lady who made my sandwich started a conversation with me and we talked while she made my sandwich. She seemed happy that it was my first eating here, and I was glad that I came.
I can only mimic every good thing ever said about my favorite deli. DITTO!
Traveling for work, I heard this place is supposed to have long lines w/ good food!  So I decided to go after major lunch hours to avoid the wait just to grab a sandwich.  Well showed up at 1:15pm and there was a line of course and on top of it.  It must have been a bus full of the senior citizens that were just dropped off before i got there.  Total FML.  So after the lovely elderly ladies were finally done asking what ingredients are included in every single type of side dish there is and then of course asked prices finally decided they didnt want any of them.  Uggggh!   I finally was up.... Still kinda full from the huge portions you eat while you are traveling for work.  I was kinda feeling a lighter side sandwich.  So the cuban sounded great to me....Ok hear me out I know you are questioning that but you should have seen the sandwiches coming out of this place.  The portions are huge!  This was a smaller condensed sammy compared to others.  It was decent, its kinda a hard one to screw up but it wasnt the best.  I wish I could have experimented more, maybe tomorrow I will, but the array of pies looked absolutely amazing!  I had to unfortunately pass on those as well.  The sandwiches which I do give a lot of respect for are made freshly right in front of you.  The one thing that you do notice is that they are precise and take the time to make it right!   Kudos...So the extra 10min wait is kinda worth it!  Even though you do think how what they can do to process improve.  lol
whoooooaaaaaaa! this place is good. I love that it is a local owned restaurant. I went here due to all the yelp reviews and ordered their recommendations. I was still amazed. The bread, meats, ingredients, soup and cakes are far from the average sandwich shop or deli. All the prior reviews are correct and nothing more can be said. I will be back again and again.
I love this place. I eat here at least once a month, usually more. Everything I have had from here--from the sandwich to the turkey salad to the salads, the fruit, the cupcakes--everything is amazing! Call ahead to have your order waiting for you when you get there.
If God ran a deli... I LOVE Wright's. As a Tampa resident for 10 years now, I'm disappointed that I just recently learned about it within the past few years. Their sandwiches are huge (and while some might say expensive, I'd still consider a great value), and their potato salad is the best I think I've had. If you're dining mid-day, I'd suggest calling in your order; the line during lunchtime can be absolutely crazy and out the door. (FYI - if you do place a to-go order, make sure you bypass the line and go right to the register!) My last rave - their baked goods. They have some of the most incredible cakes and bakery items I've ever sampled. Glad you guys are close to my office!!!
Very tasty sandwiches and cakes. It's a little intimidating for the first time to wait in the long line, but once you get there it really doesn't take all that long to get your food and it's worth every minute waiting. I really enjoyed the Beef Martini with succulent medium rare roasted beef!
ZOMG try the infamous beef martini pressed. It's like a whole new sandwich!
I had the Beef Martini. This is supposed to be one of their signature sandwiches, but I wasn't impressed. Very bland. I would be willing to try another sandwich. Their menu is varied and not the usual garbage you get everywhere else. But based on this one sandwich, my experience wasn't anything other than average.
I love their sandwiches, but desserts are where it's at. Hummingbird or Alpine cake- cannot go wrong!
Sandwiches at its best.  I ordered the Golden Gate sandwich and it had roasted pork, bacon, Jarlsberg Cheese, sweet crunchy dill pickle slices, lettuce, homemade mustard, and the coup de grace, THE PEACH CHUTNEY!!!  This sandwich is pretty massive, it's a double decker sandwich with all these quality ingredients packed inside.  Great lunch spot with impressive cakes.  Check out Wright's!  I recommend ordering ahead and picking up, it will be a lot quicker and you will be able to avoid the lines that they have during lunch time.
We Always love Wrights for lunch or dessert, so we decided to have them Cater our wedding. Best decision we made! We had a ton of food, both hot and cold, for much cheaper price than a standard wedding caterer. My advice would be to under order. We had 70 people, and really should have ordered based on 40 because of the portions. The turkey tetrazzini was the most popula item, better than the chicken dishes in m opinion. No matter what your reason for visiting is, always get cake! The peanut butter chocolate is amazing - definitely another wedding favorite. You really can't go wrong with wrights!
Wrights in one word = AMAZING! Although a little pricey they are well worth it! I have loved everything I have gotten from there, which most recently was 48 various cupcakes for my son's birthday, and they were a huge hit with everyone! Also love their grownup grilled cheese. Every time I'm in So. Tampa I try to stop here even if its just for a sweet treat bc they are just that good! They are also very friendly and were able to accommodate my very short notice order of cupcakes, very impressed with that! Love the Hawaiian Princess and Carrot cake!!!
I love Wright's.  They have the best Red Velvet cupcakes and other cakes.  They may be a little pricey, but they are so worth it.  They also have really tasty deli style sandwiches, and coming from someone who doesn't normally eat deli style sandwiches, that's a huge compliment.  Will recommend to anyone!
You know a place is good when there's a line out the door and it's hard to find a parking spot (though since they put the new lot in, it's much better). I would say that Wrights is a regular place for me, but, well, the portions are so big and the recipes so rich that I can only come here once every month or two. Love the round bread. Love the monte cristo sandwich. Love the veggie pasta salad. Their trademark sandwich, the beef/turkey martini? Not so much- too much butter for my tastes, won't order that one again. They'll make you anything you ask for, literally. They also have an array of takeout dinner options that I've never tried, but think I will next time. Did I mention their cakes are to die for too? Hummingbird or the chocolate and peanut butter would be my first choices.
I had the Turkey Martini, by far the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. I hate when wheat bread is all crusty and tough but this bread was perfect, soft, it didn't fall apart, good flavor and the right size. Everything on the sandwich was so good I barely even tasted the bacon.
Stop what you are doing and go eat one of their cakes. I dare Bobby Flay to throw down with their pastry chef. The cakes are the best around. Their cupcakes are the only true cupcake. The moisture is perfect, the flavor is balanced, and the icing is smooth and not too sweet. mmmmmm.... I brought a rum cake to Thanksgiving, and it was the most consumed of all the desserts.
A south Tampa favorite for more than 20 years. I usually don't waiver from my usual favorites at Wright's. They are always consistant and never disappoint! I love the turkey-pecan salad platter which comes with a perfect amount of white meat chicken, pecans (of course!) and  a side of fresh veggies, olives and fresh-cut fruit. On a recent visit, my son and I came here for a late lunch at 2:00 in the afternoon.  Much to my surprise, there was a line out the door! It moves pretty quickly and they already have some menu items already pre-made to 'grab & go' (if you are in a hurry),  by-pass the line and head for the register!   Wright's is known for their cakes and pies as well. It's hard to chose from the assortment of red velvet, hummingbird, chocolate and other traditional favorites... because all of them are sooo good!  As a creature of habit, I tend to pick the chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting. They also have an incredible 7 layer bar with a cookie bottom, nuts, chocolate and butterscotch morsels which is then topped with sweetened, shredded coconut. Wright's is pricey but worth the calories. Definitely a splurge kind of place for lunch. Wright's also caters and if you're looking to impress clients.
While not about to seriously compete with a traditional Jewish deli this shop puts out a solid sandwich. The many variations of bread they offer are soft but substantial and the hot selections come out toasted right instead of a soggy mass. Portions are generous and the meat cuts are tasty across the board. Cannot speak to the quality of the cakes although the fact that nearly every woman there came away with the slice suggests they are excellent. The place can get crowded, especially at lunchtime, so ordering ahead and doing pick-up is advisable.
Stopped in here yesterday for a quick Cuban sandwhich.  This was a really cool deli with a multitude of baked goods, and a very effeicient staff.  The sandwhich choices were legion, but I was on a mission for the best Cuban in town.   I was not disappointed.  The cuban bread was pressed and toasted to perfection.  The amount of meat, pickles, etc. were perfectly positioned, cooked through, and melded perfectly into a symphony of mouth feel.   I am going back for seconds today, as I amscheduled to fly out tonight.   For a deli with sandwhiches, this place gets a 5.
A word of warning the sandwiches are huge!!! I ordered a turkey club and I swear I ate it over four separate sittings.  It was quite wonderful and like a good, homemade, crisp and clean sandwich.  This is a basic deli type of place with made in house bread.  They do not do anything with fancy smancy breads or cheeses.  Just a plain and simple sandwich. They had many choices for salads and desserts.  I did not try, but I saw that most people were going ga ga over them.   A good place to going on the weekend or during lunch for a sandwich.  I may even purchase their bread as well.
The cupcakes of the famous large cakes are simply amazing ! I grew up around wrights and even applied for a job there in my teenage years. I remember they cut everything fresh and you can taste it. Great deli !
MMmm MMMmm good! And I'm not talking about the soup-- although it's probably good too, but I haven't tried it yet. This place gets busy at lunch, so go early-- like around 11:30.  (That is the only reason for the 4 out of 5 stars. I hate waiting in line for food when I'm starved!) The sandwiches and desserts are huge.  Don't feel like you have to be a member of the clean plate club, just take some to go.   My personal favorite is the Monte Cristo.  Oh boy, that's is some good eats there! I have yet to try all of the desserts due to me being on a lose-the-donut-around-my-waist workout regimen, but the cheesecake brownie and lemon cake are delish. Can't wait to go back...when I can eat sweets again, of course.
Always consistent.  Good sandwiches that are huge. Key to this place is dessert. Awesome cakes and bread
This place is my spot!!!!! Let's just say the BOMB!!! My all time favorite....traditional club, pressed with added onions a scoop of shrimp pasta and a medium sweet tea. You'll be loving life at this point.
This place is awesome for a great sandwich. I had the Cuban, which was the best I have had, while my friend had the roast beef martini which looked amazing! The cake is great and I don't normally care for cake. If you go between 11:30 and 1:00pm be ready to wait in line for 25 minutes as the lunch rush is in full effect.
Why the crowds?  Read-on.... Thought I found a gem, the atmosphere was great, the inside looked like a great old-style sandwich place, but the food left me wanting for more again!!! Why me!!! FOOD:  Sandwich variety was great... I admired several of the sandwiches being made and the glass display of salads.  I ordered the cuban as it stated it won many awards and I love a great Cuban sandwich.  The cuban was probably a 2-star at best.  The bread was overly dry, the meats were not juicy and lacked flavor.  Overall, a big disappointment.  The dill potato salad tasted store bought.  I love homemade potato salad, but this was not.  The CUPCAKE... I found the winner, maybe that is why this place gets great reviews. ATMOSPHERE:  Fantastic, great outside seating.
OMG! I don't live in Tampa anymore and truly miss this place.  I grew up with Wright's!  My faves were Beef Martini sandwich Monte Cristo The Paris Enjoy!
Amazing Reuben sandwiches here.  I have had many a Reuben, and I love these the most.  Definitely worth trying. Other sandwiches are also very delicious and worth it. They also have some great cakes and desserts.  Definitely recommended.
Between the cake and the sandwiches, this place is nothing less than a gem.  I make sure to get a Wright's visit in as often as possible when I'm back in town. The Cubans are legendary in South Tampa and for good reason.  Just look at the pictures.  And the cake...well, I've had a slice of Alpine cake on my birthday every year since I can remember, so on top of the deliciousness, I'm on that nostalgia tip. Whenever you're in the mood for a leisurely lunch, get over to Wright's (and I do mean leeeeisurely, since it's always packed).  It's worth it.
I am so glad that I had discovered Wrights.  It is absolutely divine.  I normally have the same thing which is a turkey sandwich on pumpernickek.  The portion sizes are huge, which is a plus!  I can save the other half for lunch for the following day.  I always get a side of the "Pete's Mustard sauce".  I highly reccomend adding this sauce to your sandwich.  It gives your sanwich an extra zing to it.   You can never leave Wright's without sampling one of their delicious  cakes/cupcakes.  I usually go for the cupcake because the cake slices are enourmous.  Their hummingbird cupcake is one of my favorites.  It takes like a banana nut bread cupcake with sweet cream cheese icing to top it off. Since I work in the downtown area I almost always call in my order because like the other post said it can be very busy between 11:30 and 1 pm.   I have continued to be a long time customer of Wrights and I always keep coming there.   Give them a try.  They are definitely worth it!
I like Wrights.  The turkey and pecan salad plate was substantial and tasty. The pesto pasta was very good and the staff was friendly but it was so crowded well past lunch so we stood in line for a while. If the food was amazing, I could understand the line UnLess of course they were in line for their desserts. Now that's another story. Try the Hawaiian Princess!
What a great guy that owner Jeff Mount is. After reading my review, he personally emailed and called me for a chat on my opinion on ways to improve his customers experience. He listened to my case by case scenerios and so pleasant to speak with. He then explained his plan for the business as they have simply out grown the space . He went above and beyond to explain and apologize and definitely turned my experience around. Thank you Wrights for the feedback to my review and taking head of my concern.
Unbelievable!! Went here with 4 friends while we in town for a concert.....we all had amazing sammies. We followed other Yelpers advice and all got something we read a review for...spot on!! If you are in Tampa, save some room for lunch....and cake!!!
In the past I had experienced food catered from Wright's a couple of times and had heard others talk of the quality of the food.  I happened to go there for lunch recently and wow!  I have to say I experienced sensory overload as I stood in line taking in the sights and smells.  The food on display simply looks delicious and my biggest problem was deciding what to buy.  If you have a weakness for cupcakes like I do and you are trying to exercise discipline this place is your worst nightmare.  Needless to say I left there with one of their six packs telling myself I was going to share them with my wife to soothe the guilt.   Oh, and they are not cheap but if cheap is high on your list of determining factors don't go here because if you do and don't succumb, you will not only leave with your cheapness intact but will be frustrated and cheap.  The sandwiches and soups are of the highest quality and taste and generous portions are served.   I had the Monte Cris to and for some reason could only finish half of it which is out of the norm for me even at places that serve portions sizes for a NFL lineman.   And no, I had not consumed a cupcake before hand.   The dining area is a bit tight and was filled with people and it took about 15 minutes to get served.  But this is not fast food so if you go there during a time when the line is queued up patience is required but the wait is worth it.
Wrights is a hot spot in Tampa for sure, and its easy to see why with the reasonable prices and basic menu. The reason I give it a low review is it's staunch conservative political leanings. Think of it as a small business Cracker Barrel- the employees look miserable, the deep south social thought seems to fit, and they hosted Romney's wife toward the end of his campaign in liberal tampa lol. C'mon Wrights, know your surroundings your in the center of young professional tampa don't be backwards deep south on us! I can't push myself to support this place despite its value.
Everything is great and high quality at Wright's, but it's the desserts that motivate me to write a review.  Wright's has the best desserts I've ever had and I'm sorry I'm no longer living in Tampa to enjoy them regularly.  Every time I go back to Tampa, it is mandatory for me to stop in and have a treat.  Most recently, I went to pick up a whole cake to bring home with me on the plane and they packaged it up perfectly so that it could survive the journey intact.  Good job Wright's! Ps.  The Alpine Cake is my personal favorite.
Wright's is easily the best sandwich shop in Tampa.  The lines out the door are no joke, but the food is always worth the wait.   Everything on the menu, from the delicious soup to humongous salads to gigantic sandwiches, are perfection. You will never leave hungry or unhappy, and you will become a Wright's evangelist telling everyone you meet about your latest meal.  I love the Paris, California Reuben and Cuban sandwiches, as well as the Pesto and Veggie Pasta Salads.  I also never miss an opportunity to have a cupcake when I visit Wright's, and all of the flavors are divine.  Wright's also has great seasonal baked goods that can wow a crowd.   PLUS (as if it could get any better), they cater, so they're an excellent choice for any party.  Check them out immediately!
EDITED ON 4/18/2010: We have discovered DATZ! It makes Wrights look like a complete shitpail! *************************************** Here we go again... Starting to notice a trend - Someone moving to Tampa from NY and hoping to find food that really wows them is gonna be very disappointed. Sandwiches here are good, but guess what people? IT'S A SANDWICH! It doesn't take any skill to cook or create a sandwich. They're simply taking cold cuts (and not even Boar's Head I might add) and putting it on bread. You can go to any deli and buy the same stuff, and at least then you won't have to wait an hour to get it! 15 minutes to make a pastrami sandwich (it actually says this on the menu), are you serious?!? Try to pull that at the Carnegie Deli in NYC and you'll get your ass kicked. It takes less than 2 minutes to slice the pastrami and put it on bread. What's the 15 minutes for? Oh I forgot... I'm in Florida now, everything happens in slow motion. So the 40 minute line out the door is all due to SLOW ASS service, as usual. Had a piece of cake, now that was good :) Moral of this story? Go to a deli that sells Boar's Head, buy your own shit, then on the way home stop here for a piece of cake to go.
If you're looking for a divine birthday cake, look no further.  Wright's double chocolate cake willl make you swoon.  Best in town!
Wright's perfectly combines my two favorite activities: eating sandwiches and listening to housewives compare handbags.
If there were six stars I would give it to Wrights simply based on there Rum Cake. It ROCKS! There chocolate peanut butter cake, and cupcakes... absolutely indescribable could absolutely die a happy girl! All this coming from a girl that does not  "do" dessert. I am usually a meat and potato's kind of girl. Thank you Wrights for what you do....I may cry its so beautiful LOL!!!
Closest thing to a real NYC corned beef sandwich... delicious.  Hate the seating.
OK, I'll admit that this place is really good. The sandwiches, salads and especially the desserts are above average, but here's my beef: It is too crowded at lunchtime and if you happen to be there at this time, be prepared to wait in line, wait for your food and wait for a table. I have stood for 10 minutes before holding my tray waiting for a table. While I'm doing this, people who are eating are walking back towards the cluster of people waiting to sit, to refill their drinks at the soda dispensers, which happens to be located right by the registers, which also happens to be the only place to wait. I am not here to suggest business accommodation ideas, but when a place with such a good reputation refuses to reorganize its layout to benefit their customers, then I feel they are just taking all of us for granted. With the building directly adjacent having been empty for some time now, it leaves me to wonder why they wouldn't expand to serve more people, or at least make the experience better for the customers they already serve. The food is great, but a good sandwich is not enough for me spend the majority of my time at lunch standing and waiting.
This place will make you fat. The cakes are like nothing I have ever tasted before. I am blessed by their food once a week because my CEO has a fetish for their food lol and caters it in. One of the best Cuban sandwiches can be had here as well.
Good lunch food. Very crowded during lunch hours, come just before or after. "Monte Cristo"is the Best!
I love the carrot cake here, and the sandwiches make my mouth water. This place is way too good!
These sandwiches are legendary, and its easy to figure out why. I recomend the monte cristo!
This is the sort of place where you stand in line for a half an hour for a sandwich... not because you have to, but because it will be the best sandwich you have ever eaten. The sandwiches can be split between two people in order to save room for dessert, because trying their cake is a must. If you are good at planning ahead, call in your order ahead to be ready when you get there, but either way you will not regret going!
Holy cow, I can see why this place had a line out the door. I've been to the Wright's in Atlanta, and while the food is delicious, it has nothing on the Tampa location. The menu is extensive - definitely something for everyone. The veggie sandwich was light and refreshing - perfect when the weather is so hot (which I guess is all the time here?). I tried the broccoli salad and fruit salad as well. The broccoli salad had far too much dressing, but I liked the crunch of the peanuts and the overall flavor was great. Still not the best broccoli salad I've had. The fruit salad though was excellent. I was pleased that it included peaches and not just the typical strawberries, grapes and unripe melon. Now the desserts... I don't know where to begin. They provide generous portions - well worth the price and definitely easy to share (or portion out over a few days). I shared three with my parents over the course of the weekend. The red velvet was excellent - very moist, and I could taste the cocoa in it, which so many red velvet cakes are missing in flavor. The Hawaiian cake was very good but SO sweet. I loved the coconut in it, but I could barely finish my mini slice. The best was the coconut cream pie though. It was easily the best coconut cream pie I've ever had. The crust was flaky, and although the pie was rich, it was somehow light too. I will be making Wright's a regular part of my life.
Definitely my new favorite lunch spot in Tampa! I've been here twice now and have been so happy leaving! The first time my boyfriend got the beef martini because of the reviews on here and he loved it, I got a tuna melt, it was fantastic and big enough to take half home. We also got potato salad to share and it was delicious! We got rum cake and a piece of the alpine cake (my favorite) each were the best cake we've had. I will definitely be ordering all of my cakes from here! The last time we went my boyfriend got the cuban and said that he thought it would be better, but it was still good, just didn't live up to the beef martini. I got a greek salad with a scoop of tuna salad and dill potato salad on it and it was fantastic! The salad was enough for two meals (my favorite) The greek dressing was really good too. We got a six pack of a variety cupcakes and are still working our way through them but they are amazing as well! I also love the orange spice iced tea! The first time I spent about $30 and the last time I spent $40 (the six pack of cupcakes is more than a slice). Ill definitely be grabbing lunch here at least once a week!
I recently decided to visit this place since all of the wonderful reviews it received. This is actually a bit far from my home but lucky me I had to get a root canal and the office was right by Wrights. If this shows how good the food was, after I got the root canal I bought to-go from Wrights, the beef martini sandwich and a red velvet cake. It was delicious even after i brought it all the way home. Bread was so soft, meat was juicy, and the sauce on it was delicious. The red velvet cake was a bit sweet for my taste but i still finished the entire thing. The cake was SO Moist. this is a great restaurant and I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches!
One of my "go-to" places in town.  Very consistent and always very good.  Avoid lunch hour as the line is out the door but the food is amazing and very fresh.  Get the cake!
Huge delicious sandwiches!! Delicious cookies,cakes and breads. Awesome seasonal items! I love those place. Hands down best cake in the bay.
You can't go wrong with anything from Wrights!  The wait and parking can be a bear, but just call ahead and alleviate half the headache during the lunch rush.  Excellent staff.  They may charge a premium for their sandwiches and dessert items, but it's absolutely worth it!
This is an institution for great food! The sandwiches and sauces cannot be beat and they have desserts that will outdo just about any deli you will ever eat at! We always make it a point to stop here and I leave proud with a 'food belly' that was worth driving out of our way! It's probably a good thing we don't live close because I would be 300 lbs. all thanks to Wright's! ;)
Wrights, a great South Tampa spot. They have a variety of sandwiches to munch on and they are really good. Their Cuban's are mouthwatering and they also have very good red velvet cupcakes. The major downside to Wrights is the size of the place. It is incredibly crammed when trying to checkout. They could use a serious remodel to make it more spacious.
When you want something custom....different... and unforgettable this is where you order that great cake!!!!!  One of the best bakeries in Central Florida in my opinion. Try it for yourself and you will see why I am definitely a fan!
The food is amazing. Don't leave without trying the chocolate cake.
Hands down the best sandwiches in town. This place is not for the calorie conscious, though. I generally order a pressed turkey sandwich on Cuban bread with cheese, lettuce and tomato (and they're smart enough to put the lettuce and tomato on AFTER it's pressed so they don't get soggy, which should earn them a sixth star). Everything I have tasted here, from the pesto pasta salad, to the homemade potato salad, to the dessert samples, to the club sandwich, to the carrot cake is simply DIVINE. The service couldn't be friendlier, and they are quick and efficient. Be prepared to wait in a very long line that snakes around like Disney World, but it is worth every second. You order at the counter, wait for your food (pressed sandwiches do take longer) and then pay and sit down. There is outdoor seating, which is perfect for a crisp fall day. I have also ordered a birthday cake here, and it was moist and amazingly tasty. This is probably my favorite place in Tampa overall.....and they even close on Sundays like Chick Fil A, which I love. Their catering business seems to do extremely well also. Now stop reading and go to Wright's!!!
Holy sandwich, I gained 25 lbs. here while I lived in Tampa!    And yes, the desserts are better than, well, you know...!!!  I have never gotten a better Rueben sandwich anywhere else.  Beef Martini sandwich will make you want to move in and have it every day!!!    The chocolate cake and Hummingbird cake are worthy of  Food Network awards!  God, I wish I could go NOW!!!    The place is always packed and you better have your order in mind by the time you get to the register!  WRIGHT'S ROCKS!
Beef Martini sandwiches.  Nuff said.  I don't even live in Tampa and I always have to stop here on my way in or out of town!
Tried Wright's because of the reviews from yelp. I cant say I like cold sandwiches all that much but the reviews had my interest peaked. I expect a cold deli sandwich  and even ordered a cold sandwich. What I got was this gargantuan double with mango chutney (though I took a little off). I struggled to finish off even half and was pleasantly surprised with each bite. The bread was sooo soft and fluffy- whodathought that white bread could taste so good. It's 8 in the morning and I'm making myself hungry now!. I'l definatley be back to try it again but will bring others to share and so I can sample one of their massive cakes as well.... good dining
Mmmmmm....Wright's Gourmet is a South Tampa icon. My favorites are the Beef Martini with a slice of Hummingbird cake on the side and fresh brewed iced tea with fresh mint leaves. Though you can't go wrong with any one of their many sandwiches, salads, & desserts.
Delicious! I ordered their famous Cuban and have to agree with others that it is perfectly pressed. This place is great and I will be back there soon!
Best Cuban sandy in Tampa by far, and that's saying alot... Also the Hummingbird cake is f-ing ridiculous!!!!  Great food!!!!
Thick slabs of chocolate cake, giant slices of pecan pie, and always a line out the door. Need I say more?
I am really not sure where to start...the chocolate cupcakes the bacon tomato brie soup or the sandwiches...The day I don't know if chocolate cupcakes should come before food...well let's just say I never thought the day would come...but it has. I am a desert snob. If I an eating the calories then it needs to be a-freaking-mazing and better than my Mom's. Wrights cupcakes are worth the extra time on the treadmill. No question. My Mom agrees. Now onto the soup of the day: call ahead...go on a bacon, tomato, brie day...so I really need to say more? I have never had a bad sandwich there...get a 1/2 sandwich and some soup or some feta pasta salad deliciousness. My favorite is the Paris...toasted white bread, thinly slides apples, turkey, and brie (yep there is a theme here...if they make a cupcake with brie I'm done for). The boys fav is the beef martini. Don't want the carbs? (Want is probably not the right word...we all want carbs...) Try a tuna salad plate...it is delightful and you get veggies some olives...fruit...it's a lot of fun. Call ahead and if you go at lunch time be prepared to wait...but trust me all good things come to those who wait...well at least at Wrights they do.
I would travel here from my home (Portland,OR) just for the coconut cream pie! Fortunately I have an occasional business trip to Tampa so always make it a point to indulge. Worth EVERY calorie!
Wrights Gourmet House is a well-known Tampa staple for sandwiches and cakes.  I've only ever had one bad experience here and I think it was just an off day, possibly a new person making the sandwiches etc.  Every other trip has been good.  If you're coming during the lunch rush get ready to wait.  You stand in line, order at the counter and sandwiches are literally made in front of you (some take up to 15 minutes to press).   What I love about Wright's Gourmet House....they have fresh mint for their tea and water!  They have the best cake in Tampa.  We had 5 different cakes from there at our wedding (think chocolate chocolate, red velvet, carrot cake, yellow cake with chocolate frosting etc).  My favorite cake is their Alpine cake.  The yellow cake is moist and melts in your mouth.  It is two layers and is loved up in the middle and all over the outside with a delicious, yet simple chocolate frosting that is thick but not overwhelming.  Lastly there are white chocolate shavings on top.  You can buy it as a cupcake, a slice of cake (very generous serving) whole cake or sheet cake.  Make sure you save room to at least try something! I also love their California Reuben that is pressed with shaved turkey, Jarlsberg cheese, cole slaw and Russian dressing.  A tip...these sandwiches are huge and you can order them by the half which I normally do so I have more room for cupcakes.   What I don't love about Wright's Gourmet House....salad dressings are very heavy and the flavors just don't agree with me.  Soups that I have had are pretty salty.   Parking during the lunch rush can sometimes be difficult.
You must call ahead and order a monte cristo sandwich right now. If you show up and order a hot sandwich add 20-30mins to your wait. Best sandwich in town but crazy high in calories. Tell them no or light butter to save around 200 calories. They are real proud of their cakes(over $35 bucks) crazy expensive but good.
One of the best there is, call in your order ahead of time unless u get there early
Went this afternoon.  It was just okay.  I was a little dissapointed with no table service, and while the sandwiches were good, they weren't blow-my-mind good.  The Cuban was good, but again, I'm having a problem getting excited about Cuban food.  It's hearty and satisfying, but I just don't find it full of flavor.  My wife had the New Yorker: salami, corned beef, pastrami, red onions on grilled rye bread with mustard.  Again, good, but not WOW! good.    The Ari's Dilemma pastrami sandwich at Datz'?  Now that's WOW! good. Price was about the same as Datz.  I will say that the portions are more "right sized" at Wright's.   But I'd rather we'd gone to Datz' and taken half the sandwich back home with us.
I'm a huge fan of Wright's Deli. I always get the Turkey Club, and it comes out tasting the same every time, which I think is important. I also love the cupcakes and sides they have; there is always a great selection. During lunch time the line is very long, so be prepared to wait for 10-15 minutes if you go during that rush time.
I'm use to the mile highs of a new york deli, but Wright's have got the right formula for a sandwich.  The ingredients are high roller and you can taste it. The menu has some inventive stuff, but I'm an old school kinda guy. The feeling of medium rare roast beef melting away in your mouth is second to almost none. Then you wash it down with a a delicious moist red velvet cupcake. Oh what a joyous food coma. Same sentiment as one of other posters, its a good thing I don't live within the same zip code as Wright's or they'd have to add a few inches to the door frame to fit me through.
Love this place! So far everything I've had here has been excellent!  Ordered a chocolate birthday cake for my daughter's 3rd birthday party and it was THE HIT of her party!!  Best birthday cake I've ever had!
High quality and consistent sandwiches.  Might seem pricey for some but when you consider the consistent quality, not a bad place to indulge once a while to understand what a good deli style sandwich should be like.  I have tried the beef sandwiches and they are all real good.  The cakes, not something I care for, since I prefer my cakes not as sweet and French or Japanese style, vs the traditional over sweet American versions.  That said, just my own bias toward their cakes.  Avoid the lunch hour rush if you can, makes the experience more enjoyable and the sandwiches tend to be BETTER when the crowd is minimal.
Ive been coming here for years and its great to see that nothing has changed at all.  The sandwiches cannot be explained with words.  Period. End of story.  Oh and by the way, whenever you get there theres going to be a line..... just wait.  Its worth it!!!  The other baked goods are fantastic too!
One of my favorite lunch spots in Tampa. The sandwiches are huge and can certainly be shared between two people. I love the Beef Martini and the Rubin. I've also had the Cubin and it's a favorite among my family. They have some great desserts if you have room after your sandwich. I recommend trying the lemon pound cake because it's amazing. For the price and the portion there may be no better deal in town.
Not much you can say that hasn't already been said about Wright's.  An absolute Tampa fixture.  It's a must that we take any friend that is in town visiting us.  I love the Beef Martini... it's so good I never veer off course and order anything else.  My wife is constantly trying new things, and she's never been disappointed.  It's important to keep it in perspective, this is a sandwich joint.  Very good sandwiches, but nothing life altering.  It's also a necessity to include a piece of cake in your trip.  Some of the best red velvet I've ever had.  You definitely have to be careful what time you go due to crowds and the pain in the ass Dale Mabry traffic at that particular section (no middle turn lane).
after checking out all the reviews from this place, i had to come check this place out for lunch.. fresh out of the airport, we hopped on our rental car and trooped our way to wrights to have a satisfying welcome to Tampa. once me and my boyfriend walked in the place was packed, i guess it was because it was lunch time and everyone and their mother decided to lunch in Wrights. i had their version of the Cuban and i must say that i wasn't disappointed. I'm not a mustard fan but my bf said i should try it out anyways since this sandwich is known as the best for their type of sauce. for dessert i had the cream cheese brownies, and those were finger licking good. overall i indeed had a very tasteful welcome into Tampa.
As a vegetarian,  I am a little disappointed that Wright's only offers one vegetarian sandwich. That being said, it is one really good sandwich! Simple but delicious. Love the pumpernickel bread and the honey mustard sauce. The sandwiches are huge so I usuallly just get a half. The dill potato salad is the best potato salad I have ever had in my life! My boyfriend even loves it and he hates potato salad. The broccoli peanut salad is also very unique and delicious. Do not leave without a slice of cake! I have tried them all and think the chocolate peanut butter is the best. Also like the red velvet (and I normally am not a fan)  and the coconut. The line is always out the door and the indoor seating is crowded and a little awkward....but I think it is well worth it!
Great sandwiches and great deserts.  The quality of food far surpasses Datz.  A Tampa institution.
Exceptional variety of lunch options. Original sandwiches and salads. Cupcakes and giant slices of cake. Great outdoor patio.
Their cupcakes and cakes are always a hit...yum, yum, yum.......
Solid good sandwiches there, the quality is consistent too. Save room for the desserts, their cakes are good, sinful indulgences.  Friendly staff.  Comfortable place with comfort food.  That's why the place is a legend.
One of the best sandwich shops in Tampa a must go & the cake is great also (dont go looking for subway prices) but if u want quality u have to pay for that
I love deli sandwhiches and any place that specializes in sandwhiches, soups and salads.  I'm so glad we have a special place like Wright's in Tampa. Even though I lived in Palma Ceia and Wright's was practically walking distance from my home - I never noticed it until a coworker told me about it, speaking wonders of the chocolate cake. My husband and I finally made it there one Saturday when packing to move to our new and we needed a quick lunch break.  As I suspected the line was practically out the door, although it moved pretty quick. The menu is simple.  Lots of deli sandwhiches, home made soups and salads.  We shared the Cuban Sandwich, the Turkey Pecan Salad and a piece of the Alpine Cake.  The sandwich was HUGE and it was one of the best Cuban's I've ever had! I was not disappointed! I've been craving the Turkey Pecan Salad ever since we went and next time I plan to order the salad on a sandwich. Wrights isn't somewhere you go for atmosphere but it is very clean and organized and the staff is efficient and friendly. I had heard people go on and on about Wright's Cakes.  In fact, if you mention Wrights, the first thing people talk about is their cakes.  Personally, the cakes at Wrights are the only aspect that have disappointed me.   Although I've never had the chocolate cake, which I guess is the most popular, I have had the Hawaiian Princess as well as the Alpine. The Hawaiian Princess was not the best cake i've ever had but it was good.  The cake is rich, moist and dense.  It has tons of flavor and the frosting is sweet and thick.  It was a good cake, however, not the best I've ever had.  I had a slice of the Alpine with my husband and it was such a dissappointment I'll probably never eat any of the cake from there again.  The Alpine Cake is a white cake with chocolate frosting with a few slices of white chocolate on top.  I prefer white cake to chocolate which is why I opted for this.  Honestly, it takes just like a cake box mix. The Betty Crocker butter cake to be exact.  Its not particularly dense or rich, just plain, simple cake.  It almost taste as though it was made with water, too.  The frosting was equally disappointing and taste like it can from a can of Betty Crocker chocolate frosting. The cake was about one of the biggest disappointments I've ever experienced after all the hype.  It also cost $5 for slice and for under $3 I could have made an entire cake at home that taste just like it.   I do really like Wrights - but I suggest sticking to sandwiches, salads and I plan to try the soup next time.  The cake is overrated!
This place is amazing, a true Tampa staple! They have so many different kinds of sandwiches and everything is always so fresh!! Finish it off with a yummy dessert they make daily!
Great sandwiches! Fast paced atmosphere. Always packed for lunch. A Must try if you're in Tampa!
My mom took me to Wright's when they opened. It was an experience that I will always remember! Their sandwiches are absolutely the BEST...! Their salads & desserts are also primo......as are their take home entrees & desserts...!
I pick up a slice or two of the rum cake (packaged in single slices at the register) every time I"m in Tampa. Salty, buttery, rummy, sweet, perfect.
If you are in a hurry and go during lunchtime - call ahead.  They get very crowded during lunch and you will wait to place your order.  I waited for 15 minutes in line just to place my order.  That says nothing for how quick and efficient they were in getting people's orders placed and people moving through the line.  They are just THAT BUSY!  I have never had a meal there I didn't love - they are def worth waiting in line for.  We use the call ahead for client lunches and I have never had a bad experience.  My order is always ready when I requested and always right.
Awesome. Beef martini rocks.
Just driving down the street we picked this place.  So glad.  Very yummy, but pricey.  Well run, too.  They were very good at dealing with their (well deserved) crowd.
I have used wright's for take out lunch many times. I have not had a sandwich or salad that I have not liked there. The fruit and cheese platter is really nice for a group. Also they are known for their cakes. You can get an entire cake or just a slice. Either way it's AMAZING!
We checked out this place today for lunch. Very, Very good. We will be back
I had a fantastic lunch at Wright's Gourmet House - a freshly prepared sandwich (pumpernickel, turkey, lettuce, salt and pepper), the turkey pecan salad plate (sampler of fruit salad, turkey salad, and pasta salad), and a slice of the Hummingbird Cake (delicious!) - shared my meal with a friend and enjoyed every bite. I look forward to returning!
No matter what time you go here, this place is always packed. There are so many new trendy places in South Tampa but even with its simplicity Wrights is still one of the BEST places to eat. The sandwiches here are huge, literally the size of my head! So its probably smart to share or ask them to wrap half to go! There is no table service, you order at the deli and your food is usually done within 10 minutes or less, unless you get a hot sandwich they always ask to give about 15 minutes for those. I hate tuna with chopped eggs, but they make it so good, its always one of my top choices. I also love the veggie and paris. Regardless of what you decided to get, all of their sandwiches are made with love and so awesome! Now lets talk about the desserts here... OMG! The cake slices are HUGE but soo sooo good! The alpine and red velvet are my absolute favorites! The cake is always so moist and the frosting is never too sweet, its literally just perfect! Wright's will always have my heart when it comes to sandwiches!
This is the most expensive sandwich shop I have ever seen. However, I think its well worth it. I love thier tuna salad. Oh and the cakes are HUGE and incredible. I usually get the cupcake now to satisfy my sweet tooth. I would say the worst part of this place is the fact they are so expensive.
I have never actually been there but Wright's provided food for an event i went to. All I can say is yummy! The tuna is amazing! I would definitely recommend this place. Great for vegetarians!
The Turkey-Bacon Club on Rye is worth the wait in line! Just bring a bottle of water... the lunch line stretches outside into the heat most days!
I love this place. Top favorites are The Club and the Monte Cristo. The Alpine cake is delicious. Felt very welcomed here. Will return again.
Based on lunch today (my first visit), I'm hooked.  The place is bustling, even considering it was a late lunch, but it's not intimidating or crowded.  You can have a nice, private conversation and not feel like you're being overwhelmed by background noise.  Which makes it perfect for meeting a friend or having a business lunch.  There's nothing fussy about it, and the prices are excellent. The best part is the food.  It's made to order, and you can definitely tell.  I had a turkey martini (turkey, sauteed mushrooms, bacon, and some kind of herb mayo on homemade white bread).  It was different - quite rich for a turkey sandwich - but delightful.  The portion was perfect for an 'eater' - maybe a little more than I needed, but less than I wanted.  It's easily 20 minutes from my office, but I'll go back for carry-out often.
Greatest sandwich in Tampa, but you get what you pay for.
Very fresh ingredients.The mustard sauce is phenomenal.  I'm on a diet and this place is gonna be my cheat day place to go. I love the sandwiches. Great rum cake and if you call in your order then wait time is minimal. Very busy but obvious there is a reason since this place is amazing for a great lunch. Not a place to go every day otherwise you might not fit in the door. Lol
A friend brought me here and afterwards I was so mad that I didnt know about the place eariler! The sandwiches are delicious and there are so many different kinds to choose from... everyone in your group can easily find something on the menu to enjoy. They also serve, salads, soups and desserts. Along with your sandwich you can get the cliche chips or your get fruit salad or choose from a wide variety of pasta salads. I highly recommend this place!
I miss the beaches, Bayshore, authentic Cuban bread and sandwiches and deviled crabs AND Wright's. As a sandwich shop/deli, Wright's definitely deserves 5 stars. Generous portions, as in huge sandwiches and cake slices large enough for 4. The Golden Gate, Beef Martini, Bahama Baby are all fabulous and worth the wait. As a side or a sandwich, I have yet to find anything as good or fresh as their Turkey Pecan Salad. The only thing richer and more decadent than their soups are their desserts. A personal favorite being the Hummingbird cake but also enjoyed the Princess when the ladies at work would request it for their birthdays. The Red Velvet is proof that Tampa is/was part of the South, before the 80/90s wave of transplants. Complimenting the food is the service. Prompt, friendly, patient and accommodating.
I've searched the world over for great tasting Cuban sandwiches, and Wrights is by far the best I have EVER tasted. Whenever I come across a cuban restaurant I always make it a point to stop in because it's my favorite cuisine, but I never expected to find the tastiest cuban in a seemingly ordinary deli in South Tampa. If you've never had their Cuban you're only cheating yourself. I can't wait to go back to Florida and get another one of their pressed Cubanos.
I'd love to go all 5 for Wright's.  We were obvious first-timers and the staff was extra patient, even as the line grew ever-so-long before our eyes!  I also heard other parties ordering variations of menu items which was received with enthusiasm.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food.  I had a Bahama Mama, which was a great combination of flavors.  I also got to taste the Club and BLT.  All solid choices.  We also shared around 2 deli salads.  The broccoli salad was totally delicious and the hands-down favorite.  Now here's where we get to my ONLY ding : the Southern-style potato salad had waaaay too much nutmeg in it.  It took us some time to to figure out the mystery overpowering ingredient, but that's what it was.  Why is there any nutmeg in it, let alone too much ?  We ended up tossing most of it.   We didn't get any desserts, but it's easy to tell even by quick observation that they are sought-after.  Next time, and there WILL be a next time, I'll be slaying some Red Velvet cake!
This place was awesome, you can visit their website at wrightsgourmethouse.com - awesome food!
When I was in Tampa yesterday, they served the best Reuben I've ever had.  It's a testament to their business that the corned beef was sliced tender and thin with every bite.  And the portion was huge...we're not talking any ordinary sized sandwich.   I was too full yesterday to do dessert. But, I have previously tried one of their decadent coconut cupcakes, and brought one home to my wife.  They have an endless variety of baked goods. For desserts, like deli items, they knock the ball out of the park.  The volume tells the tale.  They really could use a bigger size parking lot, but their food is worth a parking hassle any day of the week.
Best sandwich shop in the city. Variety, portions and quality are top notch.
you can't go wrong with Wright's....great deli with cakes that will knock your socks off.
I used to love Wright's...but then they posted "Thank you Pam Tebow" on their sign. Like previous posts say--I can buy Boar's Head and make my own sandwich (without politics/religion being shoved down my throat).
omg love it !
I wish Wright's was in St. Pete. And I wish it were open later. If those things were true I would be broke, fat and happy. Yes, prepare to wait, especially if you've ordered a grilled sandwich. A lot of the hype is on their sandwiches which are pretty damn good. But almost every time we go, I get myself a turkey chef salad. It's MASSIVE, fresh and amazing. And the turkey chef is never offered as pre-made, so they'have to make it fresh for you. It's really filling, really fresh, and really good. As far as the sandwiches, they are quite nice. You really get your money's worth, so I would recommend getting a half sandwich and then sharing a deli side with someone. Or get the whole and eat the rest for dinner. Waiting can be a pain because it gets awfully crowded around the ordering/sandwich making area, but you'll just have to deal. If there's someone else in your group, tell them to go hold a table. After several visits to Wright's, we kind of figured out a system. As far as desserts go, I have a really big sweet tooth and I wasn't that impressed with the Alpine cupcake I tried. Don't get me wrong, it was enjoyable, but really nothing out of control good. However I've been dying to try one of the layer bars they have at the checkout. One of these days...
the most delicious sandwiches and cake in the world! and the staff are professional and nice :) love it!
hells yea this long standing spot is super unique - the banana cake is fuckin huge and forever delicious- mounds and pounds of homemade cream cheese frosting with fluffy, baked to perfection banana cake - lord that test kitchen is on point with huge freakin flavor savor
I went to Wrights yesterday after hearing about the "Amazing" sandwiches. I got a regular Club and my friend got a regular Cuban. Both sandwiches looked nice, but that pretty much was the extent of it. I can't really believe anyone in their right mind would consider regular lunch meat on an $8+ sandwich gourmet, but perhaps we have alot of people that haven't really had good food and follow others blindly. First, my sandwich had really good bread, but they put a tiny bit of lunch meat ham and turkey on it, and had problems finding the rock hard bacon, but found it when I bit into it and though it was bone it was so hard. My friends cuban was totally not authentic Cuban and the roasted pork really tasted pretty gamey with not much seasoning, but again the bread was really good. We paid over $8 a piece for two sandwiches with NO sides. On a plus side, they have a lemon cake that tastes like it was just picked off a lemon tree...freakin awesome... In the end, my search continues for a great sandwich, because I hate to say it, but I have had better sandwiches as Jason's deli, and they aren't great either.
