Very interesting place! I love the ipad style ordering, not because I like playing around with technology, but because it made ordering food quick and easy. I always hate the part where you have to wait for the waiter to come back to order your food, but with the ipads you just order it and it goes straight in and they come out with your food rather quickly. I also really like the atmosphere of the place. It's very relaxing. Go during happy hour for the best pricing (4pm-7pm)
LOVE Carmel Cafe! Wee Thank god for Mediterranean food.
I came here on Sunday for brunch and was pleasantly surprised. It wasn't busy at all and in fact, we were the only ones there at 11:30. It started to fill up after 12, but it made us second guess our choice at first. The brunch menu is small, but delivers some big flavors. I had the steak and eggs and both items were cooked to perfection. The steak was seared nice and dark on the outside and was a perfect medium rare throughout. The eggs were also cooked a perfect over easy and the hashbrown-like potatoes were delicious. Not bad for $15! My favorite part was the $9 pitcher of sangria. I'm too used to "pitchers" of sangria in Tampa being small and holding two or 3 glasses while costing over $25. It was a much different story here, though. It's not the best sangria you'll ever have, but the pitcher was enough for 7 or more glasses and was made with fresh fruit. At just over $1 a glass, there's not much to complain about. The service was also great. I know they were only dealing with a few tables, but our server was awesome and management came by to make sure we had everything we needed. This is a solid brunch place in Tampa and one you won't have to wait in line to try. At least not yet.
It's pretty cool that you order your food through an iPad. I've eaten here a couple times but the food has never wowed me. The food isn't bad but not a reason to come back- the REAL reason to come back is the Happy Hour on wines and cocktails! They also include appetizers so my suggestion is if you want to try this place out- come during happy hour from 4-7pm.
Carmel is consistent! Food, ipads, decor, service - yes, yes, yes and yes. We were regulars at the one in Sarasota (university park), mostly because it was close by and the kids liked it, but we ended up becoming fans after finding some consistently good items. The spinach gnocchi, the best! It's $10 and not on the happy hour menu, but it is worth every penny and every calorie. That cream sauce cannot be low cal or low fat, tasting that good and rich. Such is life. The mac and cheese is really good. Love the spirals and creamy center with crumb top. The chickpea fries and the curry sauce it comes with is unreal! I've had other items on the menu not worth mentioning, but they do a good job and food comes out lightning fast. Pace yourself if you want to. That's what the iPad is for! The server will still help you with ordering traditional style, get your drinks, clear plates, and answer any questions. Our server Olga was awesome. We also love wine Wednesday and $4 small plates for happy hour. Four of us had a smorgasbord and a bottle of wine for $52 tonight! Not a bad hump day.
I LOVE this restaurant! I came here for an alumni event the other week and I was incredibly happy with the food and the service. 1st thing is they have this awesome card that you can get, as soon as you sign up you get a free flatbread which was fantastic. On Wednesdays they also have a deal where you get bottles of wine for 50% off.....amazing, my wine was $11.00 for the bottle. I also got the goat cheese spread which was fantastic and I tried the edamame hummus and it was also great. The staff was super friendly and overall I was just really really impressed.
OK, so this is a nice place to go for Happy Hour or for a nice, simple dinner.  The service is good and consistent and they will make sure that you have refills and what you need.  You use iPads here to place your order and even to pay if you have a card.  Talk about convenient! :) As for the food, the spinach and artichoke dip here is awesome.  It is served with crunchy pita chips but they will provide warm, grilled pita bread if you ask.  The mezze plate is one that everyone should try.  Step out a little bit and try something new with the edamame hummus!  The roasted garlic on this plate was yummy!  It was so soft, it was spreadable on the chips. Drinks: try a glass of the Washington Hills Reisling and you won't be sorry.  And after 4 PM, they give you a discount on your drinks.  Well worth it to try it out. If you've never been, I say give it a shot.  You don't have to spend much and you can have a nice time in a relaxed atmosphere.
The atmosphere is made up of wood work & clean lines. They have many seating options from high tops, tables, booths and at the bar of course. Their menu is presented on iPads and traditional paper menu. The iPad is great because one you can see visual pictures of what you are ordering & two you can go ahead and place your order throughout your dining experience without flagging down the wait staff. The food comes out very quickly as soon as you place your order. Also there is a comment box in case you have special instructions for the particular dish being prepared! The cocktails are good. There is a favor and option for every taste. They also have a vast variety of wine options. Carmel has great happy hour offers & events throughout the week such as wine Wednesdays & $5 cocktails on Thursday. The food is good & decent. Like I mentioned the food comes out fast!!  We love the artichoke dip to start with. I also really like their basil salmon.
Absolutely love this place. I was afraid it would be a pretentious wine bar but nothing could be further from the truth. In our many visits the food and atmosphere have been excellent, but what keeps us coming back is the staff. Invariably they are truly fantastic-both knowledgeable and super-friendly, perhaps the best, most consistent quality of service of any local restaurant in my opinion. My wife loves their crab cakes and brunch french toast, I get the salmon and their very good chicken pita sandwich. And the pound cake is amazing. They have a great selection of wines served in 3 and 6 ounce portions, and nice happy hour and daily specials, too.  The iPad ordering is a nice, fun plus.
The ipad is legit. I love that you can see pictures of what you can order. They have a great happy hour before 7pm and also their deal on Wednesdays with half off wine bottles is amazing, especially when taking into consideration how cheap some of their bottles are already! Food here is very good- portions are not very large. Service can be variable.
Great place to bring friends and family to. The happy hour here is great! A full bar is also available. Drop in any weekday from 4 to 7pm for Happy Hour where a range of food, wine and drinks are available for only $4 each.  You don't have to wait for the wait staff to come and see if you need anything. You order directly from the iPad at your table and it goes straight to the kitchen/bar. Love that! Everything is illustrated on the iPad as well which helps with your decision making. :)
Great experience tonight at Carmel Cafe - especially loved the chickpea fries and the Moroccan Lemon Chicken.  Love the integration of technology.  Read more about my experience on my blog - Florida Food Lover: floridafoodlover.com/201…
Had such a great experience here for Valentine's day I wanted to update my review. We had the lobster tail and beef medallions. The beef was incredible and cooked perfectly! I ordered it medium rare and my fiance ordered it medium. Both were cooked perfectly which is sometimes hard to find. Wine was great, service was impeccable and the atmosphere was romantic. This is no longer just a happy hour place for me, definitely a new dinner spot.
Like the iPad menu option. Makes for a unique experience. Food is pretty good. Nice ambiance.
I picked Carmel in S. Tampa as the destination for my birthday dinner celebration with my boyfriend in tow. We went on a Wednesday, which is the night they offer $4 select plates and wines until 7. We arrived last minute a few minutes before 7 and were greeted by our server right away, so we ordered glasses of the chardonnay and merlot as well as the chick pea fries. I have previously been to the Clearwater location so I was already familiar with some of the items and the ipad ordering. I love this restaurant mainly for the chic and loungy feel here. The ambience is relaxing yet upscale and the music and lighting is just right. The chick pea fries with accompanying sauce is delicious, the merlot was also a great match with the food. Shortly after ordering a few more items, food was delivered to our table by mistake and was meant for the table next to us. We notified the server right away but they said we could keep the food due to the restaurant's policy, score! The plates we tried were the portobello with braised short rib flatbread, shrimp ceviche and a side of cous cous. We also ordered the naan's goat cheese platter with crackers, olives and peppers. All was fabulous, fresh and delicious. The service was excellent, although we ordered most everything through the ipad, the waitress was constantly stopping by to fill up drinks and check in. The bill was really reasonable considering the outstanding experience and delicious food and wine that we enjoyed. I'll most definitely be back.
A tapas bar! ... Not really.  I must say I was very excited first time I heard there was a tapas bar in Tampa since I have visited Spain many times and the name "tapas" comes from that country. Tapas are just yummy hot or cold appetizers to pair with wine or beers. However the appetizers I have tasted in Carmel are far from tasty and feel as if they been microwaved. They have iPads in every table to order food and drinks. Using an Ipad is a turn on for many people. It is actually cool. What it is not actually cool is that the food is brought to your table at Mc Donald's speed once you place the order and they keep on asking you if that is all you are ordering. Eating tapas is a experience that allows for conversation while you eat these tasty appetizers. It needs to be spaced out, it cannot be rushed. Maybe you will like it if you have never traveled to Spain. I have been there 3 times in this restaurant (not my choice ) and my opinion has not changed. I do not recommend.
Carmel is one of my all time favorite places to go for Happy Hour. They have amazing deals on apps and wines. While I love their regular menu, with the fun little bites and tapas, it's the Happy Hour that puts them on point. Everytime we sit at the bar the bartenders are super friendly and helpful. The manager usually swings by to say hello too! I'd recommend the hummus and goat cheese app with delicious olives and roasted garlic. If you eat all of your crackers, don't worry, they'll happily bring you more! The chickpea fries are outstanding as are the chicken and steak kabobs. It's not hard to fill up here because everything is so darn tasty!
I wish I could rate this a 3.5 because it's better than a 3, but not quite a 4, in my humble opinion. Situated at the corner of Himes/Henderson/Swann, the parking lot is small. We visited on a Wednesday night, where they had a private painting event going on, so maybe that contributed to the full lot, but I ended up in an overflow lot down the block. We did make reservations, so our table for 8 was ready when we arrived. Okay, the iPads are kind of cool, but there's also something in me that likes flipping through a menu. But it was efficient to be able to hit submit for my drink and have it come out almost instantly. The same with my salad. I ordered a red sangria, which didn't seem to have much wine and seemed to be more sugar than anything. I wouldn't order it again. I got the chopped chicken salad, with avocado, almonds, ginger, cranberries, and some other things, and it was pretty good. Not a large enough portion to be your meal, but a good side salad to eat with something else, such as a shareable tapas item or a bowl of soup. Others in my party ate the flatbreads and the chickpea fries (I tasted and it was okay). The dessert also looked fantastic, but I didn't sample. Prices are mid-range, and I would definitely check their website for their specials, such as $5 glasses of wine and tapas from 5pm to 7pm each night, and their Prix-fix menu on Sunday and Monday nights for $25 for two. Besides the parking, I also felt it was really loud in here. And the ambiance wasn't so great. It's one big room, not really sectioned off, so it gets really loud. It does feel like a chain restaurant. And if you are seated near the wine coolers, be prepared for a blast of cold air as the waiters go in and out of that thing all evening. They also had a hard time splitting our bill into separate checks. It seems that there is the capability to pay from the iPad but I guess because our party was larger that was more difficult. And why oh why is there not ice in our water?! Just a few small things that prevent me from oohing and aahing over this place. Service was great, though!
Awesome experience. The staff was very friendly. The tapas was amazing and the $9 pitchers of sangria were delicious. The French Toast L'Orange was to die for. Steve the bartender was very knowledgeable and the manager Chris made sure we had a delightful Sunday. This is a hidden gem in South Tampa.
Quick ordering system, moderately priced meals, unique offerings and fast service is what keeps me coming back. I've only been to Carmel for lunch but each time it's been consistent and creative. This past lunch visit was no different (although the portions have gotten a bit smaller).  I had the half flatbread/Ceasar salad combo and it was tasty. It's def worth the $8 they charge. Now only if they had one of these in St Pete.
My hubbie and I went to dinner here w/ family for a b-day. It's a neat concept where you're given the menu on Ipads, so you can either order from there (similar to shopping on Amazon) or old school from the waitress. Their dishes are tapas style, so we ended up sharing w/ the table. The menu offers a variety of items from flat breads, salads, sliders, wine, and dessert. My hubbie and I started w/ the margherita pizza, which was ok. He had a chicken dish (can't recall the exact name), which tasted similar to a chick Marsala. It was ok as well. I had a salad which was great and my father had the veal sliders, which he ordered seconds of. Guess he liked them! The staff was nice, not overly outgoing, The restaurant has a nice layout and can usually seat you w/o a long wait. So if you haven't tried it, give it a shot. We'll definitely return, just may not be regulars.
Nice place! This place delivers on all the hype. The iPad menus make ordering and timing easy. There was a glitch on ours, but it was fixed by the very attentive staff. I never had an issue that wasn't handled quickly and efficiently. The mark of a wonderful place is the twist. Many places try, and cant deliver. The Shortribs were wonderful, with excellent polenta. Chickpea fries are a new favorite of mine.  The crabcake was superb. The poached pear was prepared by a chef who know how to do it right. There are little things you can see when something simple is done. I am going back, and will schedule a longer time to walk the menu.
So, yeah, you order on an iPad. That's pretty cool. And the ambiance is nice. Lower lights and a more intimate feel. Good bar. Good spacing between tables. Service ends up being pretty good too, because you can order on your iPad and then your order just comes out! But despite the imitate atmosphere, I felt like I was at a chain and that I was just a number. The food was good. But not excellent. Chick Pea fries... a definite must! Overall, Carmel is a place I'd be ok to goto with a group just to not rock the boat. And it's a good place to give a try if you haven't gone. But I wouldn't take a date there, there's plenty of better options romantic dinning options around Tampa Bay. And it's not a place I'm excited to go back to explore the menu.
Had enough!  We are rewards members and have eaten there many times but it has really gone down hill.  Inconsistent food, service and poor management. Last meal was ruined. It was  in eatable . My girlfriend did pick up so I called. They said come back in and we'll make it up.  Keep you're dinner. It is overpriced. I don't really care about the decor or the computer concept. I want good food and service. I feel like we were taken advantage of. Save your money!!!
This location is my least favorite of the three Tampa/St. Pete locations I've been to.  Located in the rather trendy part of town, our experienced started with forced valet - as the 6-8 open spots in the lot were blocked by cones to reserve them for valet service.  In utter ridiculousness, I was forced to pay for valet so that they could park my car no more than 5 minutes from the front door.  Um, thanks guys.  I could have done that myself if you'd given me the option.  And I wish you had given me the option. Design-wise, this restaurant is a large box which is every bit as noisy as you might imagine a trendy, popular tapas and wine bar inside a big, echoing space would be.  I find it so odd as the other two locations I've visited are not custom built (they are in strip malls) and yet offer a dramatically better dining experience.  When left to design the space exactly the way they'd like it - this is what Carmel management choses? Odd. The food at this location was excellent - as we've come to expect from Carmel.  We wanted to introduce my mother to Carmel Café as we were considering hosting our wedding rehearsal dinner at the Clearwater location. We did the Braised Short Rib which was excellent as always.  The balance of flavors was WAY off in the Moroccan Chicken from previous times we've had the dish - too little lemon, too much salt.  We also tried the Roasted Beet Salad which was utter perfection - the deep flavor of roasted beets, the tart creaminess of goat cheese and crunchy pistachios.  We rounded out our nibbling with the shrimp and mango flatbread.   Final opinion - the food isn't good enough to put up with how loud, uncomfortable and crowded this location was.   I see no reason to ever go back to this location when other options exist.
Ok. Nothing to write home about. Bit overpriced for what u get. IPad service. No thanks. Small plates big price. Nice decor. Service ok. This place won't last.
The decoration and design of the restaurant are welcoming. The food was OK, but would definitely give it another shot.
Before I dive into the food, I have to get a little geeky on you: This was the first restaurant that I have seen use a MenuPad. MenuPad is tablet-based technology presented on tableside iPads, allowing guests to completely customize their dining experience. Photos and detailed descriptions are provided of food, along with giving you wine suggestions. My favorite part of this technology is that you control how quickly (or leisurely) your selections are brought to you, and make modifications based on diet, preferences and size. Carmel Cafe has everything from steak frites to braised short ribs to seared Atlantic scallops.  The most expensive entree on the menu is a large serving of Lamb Lollipops, which will set you back $22.99. PS - I love when restaurants do large and small portions! I am such a light eater that this works out very well in my favor.The decor of Carmel Cafe is very warm, modern and open. Their wine list is excellent, letting you choose between a 3oz, 6oz, 9oz or bottle which I feel is great for both wino's and beginner wine drinkers. Carmel also offers informal wine tastings, visit their website to see what they have coming up. Eventually, the South Tampa location will have brunch. You can enjoy a great inexpensive meal, get good wine and drinks while hanging out with friends. We started off with a Sangria French Press! How genius is that? It was one of the best Sangria's I've had in the Tampa area. We tried the Mezze Platter (trio hummus) and Chickpea fries, both were excellent. Next, we were served three flatbreads. The Braised Short Rib & Portabello, Grilled Lemon Chicken & Artichoke and a Seasonal - Shrimp, goat cheese, arugula and yellow peppers. The Braised short rib was my favorite of the three. It had mission fig marmalade on it. YUM. We were served a variety of gyros, one with swordfish and a mint cucumber sauce. It was excellent! Also tried we tried the Moroccan Lemon chicken, which was good, and the Steak Frites which I loved. Very tender. Finally the dessert. We tried the Chocolate Lava Cake and Pound Cake with Strawberries. I loved the pound cake. It was so fresh and amazing. The chocolate lava cake was excellent as well. I really enjoyed Carmel Cafe. I am looking forward to my next visit and cannot wait to see what they have for brunch!
This is such a fun place to eat! So you order with an iPad....the best part about that, is that you order as you are ready. So we ordered an appetizer and it came out within 5 minutes. We were able to munch on that as we looked at the wine list.  Ordered our wine.  It came out instantly too!   So as we are relaxing with our wine we look through the entrees and order those.    They came out super fast.  Almost too fast for my liking because it makes me wonder how long it was sitting already cooked if it can be prepared that quickly! I will definitely be back b/c I like the quickness of the service.  You don't have to wait on a server to take your information to the kitchen and then wait on 15 other tables.   What a great idea for a restaurant!
What a great place! I recently dined here with a few girlfriends the other night for their weekly happy hour (select $5 plates and drinks, cha-ching!) and I cannot wait to go back. I loved that you order from an iPad and can then pace how fast or slow everything comes out. I ordered the calamari frites and a chicken and lemon flatbread, both were great! My friends ordered spinach dip and a mezza platter and we all shared as there was plenty of food! Sadly, I did not order any wine. I did, however, try a skinny pomatini, which was okay. A good deal for $5 but don't know that I'd order again. I loved the atmosphere and will definitely go back.
This place is very cool looking, and the staff is friendly and attentive and fast.  The iPad menus make ordering fast and convenient. If only the food matched everything else, I would love this place.  Sadly, the food was passable at best and horrid in some cases. We started with the sangria and a skinny pometini.  The sangria was fine, but the pometini was super sweet.  We also had the calamari fries and the cheese and charcuterie platter.  The calamari fries were fine -- it was a hefty portion of crispy calamari that tasted like nothing.  The accompanying sauce was too sweet.  The platter on the other hand was pretty bad.  The cheeses were fine but pedestrian.  But the meats were not very good at all.  Save yourself $13.95 and try something else. For our entrees, my husband had the steak frites, and I had the lamb and veal sliders.  I liked my sliders.  They were totally fine if not especially remarkable.  However, the steak left a lot to be desired.  The meat was okay, but it was slathered in a "bernaise aioli" that didn't taste like a proper Bernaise and was just wrong.  The fries were pretty good, so at least my husband could fill up on them. We tried the poached pear for dessert.  My husband didn't like all the cinnamon, but I did.  The salted caramel sauce was good. I thought the prices were fair.  The wine list looked decent, not spectacular.  I might return for a glass of wine, but I honestly don't know what food would entice me to return. This place is all show and little substance.  It's too bad, I really wanted to find a new regular restaurant to patronize.
What a great experience here at Carmel Cafe & Wine Bar. From the moment we stepped into the restaurant, we were treated like royalty. The hostess ushered us to our seats and sparked up light conversation with my friend Nichole and I. She then proceeded to explain in full detail the whole iPad/ordering process. She took her time to answer questions and also give recommendations to us. We really appreciated her patience! Our waiter was wonderful as well. He made sure to ask if we had been prepped on the ordering process, and also gave us recommendations. We came on a Monday night and were elated to learn about the 4 course meal for two for $25! We were torn between two appetizers (chickpea fries and Nan's goat cheese). Our waiter suggested the goat cheese, and it did not disappoint. The goat cheese was tame in flavor, which we were happy about because some goat cheeses can be pungent and overpowering. It came accompanied with kalamata olives, roasted garlic cloves, sun dried tomatoes, and toasted bread notes. Fabulous! I then ordered the black olive Caesar salad, while my friend ordered their butternut squash soup. The caesar salad was crisp, fresh, and fiercely flavorful. The butternut squash soup was great as well; it was not your typical "lets add a bunch of heavy cream to it" soup... it was very organic in its composition. Notes of cumin and coriander assisted in elevating the butternut squash soup to another level. For our entrees, we chose the braised short ribs with creamy polenta and also the chicken Madeira. The short ribs were fork tender and the polenta was the best I've ever had. Just a wonderful marriage of the two! The chicken Madeira was ehhh/so so. I would not order it again, but the flavors were not bad... they just weren't memorable nor innovative. For dessert our waiter recommended the pound cake with strawberries, however, we opted for the chocolate lava cake and scoop of vanilla ice cream. Fabulous! Not the best lava cake I've had, but tasted great nonetheless. I was shocked at how much food you got for $25... a truly great deal. I will most definitely be back to explore their menu again and again :)
Perhaps I expected too much from Carmel Cafe after reading the glowing reviews???  The iPad menus were cool and the modern art on the walls was nice, but I wish the restaurant was set up a little more intimately.  The restaurant does not give off a cafe/wine bar vibe and feels more like we were eating at a cookie-cutter chain restaurant. The restaurant was almost empty when we visited Saturday for lunch.  Maybe noon is too early for wine???  The lunch prices were reasonable, but I thought the wine menu prices were really expensive.  The restaurant does offer $5 glasses of wine after 5pm, but since we were drinking at noon we had to pay full price.  Since it was cheaper to order a bottle wine instead of two glasses of wine we opted for a $22 bottle of Excalibur Cabernet.  I was quite disappointed that this was a screw top bottle of wine.  The wine had a strange after taste so I wouldn't order it again. Luckily the food was better than the wine.  We started off our lunch with a side dish of marinated vegetables and the mac & cheese.  The vegetables were roasted and nicely seasoned and the macaroni was cheesy with a hint of spicy goodness.  My sister and I ordered the soup/sandwich lunch platters.  I LOVED the tomato basil soup and thought this was the best tomato soup I have ever had.  My sister got the Pressed Italian Sandwich and I got the Curry Chicken Salad Sandwich so I got to try both and they were both really good.  I couldn't tell if the mixed greens on the corner of my plate was a salad or just there for color.  Had the chef thrown on a few red onions or vegetables it would have felt more like a side salad and less like an oversized garnish. Overall, I enjoyed our tasty, but pricey lunch.  Due to the hefty wine prices I would probably only drink here during happy hour.
At first I thought the IPad on the table was a lazy way to cut down on service.  The opposite!   We rolled our eyes when the hostess was wrestling with the iPad to set it up for two minutes and it kept opening up another check or freezing.  She finally got it. Then we combined our experience by ordering drinks from the very nice and attentive waiter to ordering food and dessert from the iPad.  The waiter was still there all the time bringing the spoon or fork we needed immediately.  The service was top notch!  Couldn't have been better. The prices were excellent and great value in the food side but I thought the wine prices were extremely high. Knowing the wines and the values buying by the bottle - they were marked up considerably more than normal for 6oz glass.   Maybe by $2 I would say.  The food balanced with the expensive wine options I guess was good.   Dessert was great.  It was the lava cake with ice cream.  We ordered one from the iPad and within 10 seconds of it coming to the table, the waiter had two plates and spoons for us.  It was very nice.   I thought the green beans looked nothing like what was shown on the iPad. Meaning - nice crisp green beans vs coming to our table very brown and over cooked and just the total opposite. The pumpkin ravioli was simple and nice - I thought using Kale was a little old school and a nicer more professional garnish should have been a sage leaf.   Far more elegant than cheap icky Kale. The dessert looked exactly like what was on the iPad. I'd probably give it three and a half stars - because of great service and atmosphere and prices very good.   The negatives were the wine prices, the beans, the sort of undercooked steak.   No wait on Friday night with ample parking too! All and all - we would go back.  I recommend checking it out.
Overpriced chain type restaurant that aims to be hip. Attracts a boring suburban wannabe crowd that obviously cannot recognize overpriced, bad wine or average food. Went there and ordered a bottle of wine and it was actually bad (one of the few times in my life thus has happened). Food is overpriced and service is average.
I'm writing this from the perspective of a large party (I frequent the Carrollwood location for 2-3 person dinners). I've been here with a "planned" party on a Saturday evening and one much larger one that was sprung upon them on a Thursday evening. The waiters were great on both occasions (better than the Carrollwood location)...attentive, quick, and nice. Also gave great recommendations. I always love the food here even though I can barely pronounce some (like whatever the red pepper hummus is called) or am unfamiliar with some veggies.
This is an interesting concept for a restaurant.  I felt like ordering from the iPad was very overwhelming, but quick. I ordered the Mediterranean Lemon Chicken and a side of veggies. Both were very good and just the right amount.  I had a glass of Riesling, nothing special.  I thought the service was good, except for when the waiter stated the fact that he makes $4.25 per hour. I think he was hoping for sympathy tips. He was very friendly though. We sat in the corner by the wine chiller - wish I had a sweater with me! It was cold.  Overall neat place, but no intentions to rush right back there.
I like the iPad menus, it's a nice touch.  Their small bites, such as the flatbreads and hummus, are pretty good as are the salads.  My favorite thing here is probably the panisse frites.  They are nice and creamy on the inside with a thing crispy coating on the outside.  Nice.  The couches are fun to sit at with the wife and just relax while enjoying some wine a bite.  Prices are reasonable and service is accommodating.  I would come back here in the future.
Carmel Cafe is the perfect place to go with a date or an intimate group of friends. The dim lighting, wine selection, and exquisite menu choices (you MUST try the chickpea fries - YUM) make it a perfect Friday night date-night spot. We arrived a little before 8 PM on a Friday night and had to wait for about 15 minutes, which wasn't a problem as the bar staff took great care of us and anyone else who was waiting by serving us drinks while we waited on the patio. I can't wait to go back for the $5 happy hour!
We decided to revisit the restaurant & were pleasantly surprised. The steak frite was perfectly cooked and tasted great with excellent seasoned fries. The salmon, perfectly cooked, was very good. The Wednesday happy hour is a bargain with half off on any bottle of wine. The Cote du Rhone was wonderful.
This place is just delicious!! If you are with a big group it's great you order on a iPad and everything comes out pretty fast. You can order as much as you want because it's tapas (small plates) so it's great to share. The service is great a nice atmosphere too. Decent beer selections but not a ton to choice from. You can't go wrong with the lollipop meatballs either they are a must!!
We had a polite valet, truly enjoyed the sangria, appreciated being able to pace our meal, and the people we took with us truly enjoyed the atmosphere. They thought the iPads were the coolest things ever (they're older and were a little apprehensive). For us, it's close to home, it has good energy, a lot of variety, and it's reasonably priced for excellent food. Definitely recommend Carmel Cafe in South Tampa.
My second visit to Carmel Cafe was to this location (my first being to the Dale Mabry location) and I have to say I enjoy this one much more!  The service was amazing I wish I remembered our servers name!  I really enjoy how most dishes come in small or large plates so you can still eat an entree like meal without going overboard on the size.  We shared a lot of small plates and everything was delicious but my two favorites were the goat cheese and the calamari frites. We went with a group of about ten people so sharing the iPads became a bit confusing since we were on separate checks and had to stick with certain iPads the whole time but they got our checks right at the end which is what matters!
Update: They have added some amazing new items for the Fall menu.  Check out my review here: tastingtampa.com/blog/po… I've long been a fan of Carmel Cafe, ever since the first Countryside location opened almost two years ago. But I think this one is my favorite of the three. I like that this one is free-standing (meaning not in a plaza setting, like the others.) Because of this, the outdoor seating area here is expansive, and the interior has super high ceilings. The space is beautiful and big, but it still has the same warm ambiance you find at the other locations. The South Tampa spot somehow just  has its own feel and character and seems like it embodies everything that Carmel Cafe is supposed to be. On to the food...We started with the calamari frites. I don't often eat fried food, so when I do, it has to be delicious and this certainly fit the bill! So flavorful and just lightly flash-fried, these were actually phenomenal. For my entree I tried the basil salmon, and that is a new favorite for me. I loved the pairing of the warm seared salmon with cold quinoa salad with kalamata olives, fresh tomatoes and capers throughout. Incredible. Paired with a glass of syrah, what could be better?! It's clear that a lot of thought goes into the ingredients and preparation of every single dish.  I can't forget to add, I always love ordering off the ipad. Aside from the convenience of it, I love that I can see a (rather beautiful) photo of my dish before I order it.  It's like Pinterest on a menu -- and my ideal dish is just a few clicks away. This way, there are no surprises with the appearance in any of the dishes, only in the amazing flavors that each one offers up. The fact that they offer seasonal items here means every time I visit, there will be something new to try. The shrimp mango flatbread is a seasonal item now, and it is amazing. On Wednesdays, 5 After 5 means the flatbreads and some of the wines are only $5. To finish, I had the molten chocolate lava cake, a dessert that will always hold a dear place in my heart -- it is a must-have every time. (sigh.)  Apparently this location will be serving lunch and brunch starting this fall and I heard there are some new and interesting items that will be on those menus. I cannot wait to come back!
Carmel is typically a great place to go, but we were so disappointed during our last visit. Our server seemed to have better things to do, no personality and certainly no sense of humor. Her trainee was more friendly and hopefully keeps it up. Food was fine, although I ordered the steak frites which was extremely tough. After confirming this should not be the case with the server, she took it back and brought me a different entree. The manager came over, but because he did not introduce himself, I actually though he was a fellow diner at first. He commented that he had watched the food come out all night but missed mine and agreed it was tough. When the check came, they not only charged me for the replacement meal, the waitress forgot to remove the problem steak frites. After pointing this out to her, I suggested they remove both entrees as they should have done to start. I will give it another chance, but hopefully they can work out their service kinks.
I have to agree with Megan! We went to a Yelp event at the North Tampa Carmel's some months ago and really enjoyed it, but it can't compare with the great crowd and energy a the new one on the corner of Swan and Henderson. We got there at about 6:30 and was told there was a 30 minute wait. They took our phone number and we got a few texts, one letting us know our table was ready...much better the than the plastic bricks other places hand out! While we waited, we enjoyed the house cabernet and the people watching. Ordering on the iPad was interesting and efficient, though I did miss a little of the personal connection with waitstaff..but maybe I'm just old fashioned. The meal went smoothly, was very tasty and not too pricey. I even tried their Sangria, served in a coffee press, which was also good. All in all, this is a really good date night or after work spot. Tapas, drinks, a meal, all good!
I went to Carmel on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch while in town visiting my family. There was plenty of open tables, so we were seated right away. The entire menu is on an iPad, which is a neat concept. You even send your order through on it! I ordered shrimp sliders, which were delicious. They came with the french fries, which had a little too much seasoning for my liking, but were still tasty. Good thing I am not a big eater, because two sliders and a small serving of fries would not cut it for a lot of people. The menu seemed like more of a tapas style restaurant, which would nice to go to with group of friends. The atmosphere was nice... a little bit trendy mixed in a casual setting. Since you order everything except for drinks in the iPad, it seems like the waiters don't have to do as much as a regular server would, but 20% tip is still expected. The staff seemed very nice too. I would love to go back for dinner and see what else is good on the menu!
First of all, I don't like ordering my dinner via an iPad.  Maybe if I was out with a group, but for an intimate occasion with the Mrs., we already have too much iPad in our lives and sitting there glued to the screen was too much like being stuck at home.  Why bother going out if not for the social experience? Oh, maybe for the food, but here Carmel disappoints as well.  I had heard good things from friends and tried a wide variety of items on the menu, but it went from decent to disappointing.  The best item was pomodoro meatballs -- but really, how hard is that?  The brussel sprouts were too large to eat in one bite, and the dressing too sweet.  Head to the Fly Bar if you are a brussel sprouts fan.  Edamame hummus was uninspired, an unhappy trend for the food here.  The grilled veggie plate was okay, second best to the meatballs. For dinner, one guest had a simple hamburger.  It was greasy and not outstanding.  There are many better entries nearby for the title of gourmet hamburger (Boca being one of my favorites).  Another guest had the Argentinian steak frites, which is always a great dish, but here it was just so so.  The steak was good, but the fries were pretty mediocre (compare Ciro's Speakeasy), and the addition of bernaise sauce does not necessarily help this dish.  Finally, I had the curried chicken, which was okay, but generally did not taste amazing. Most importantly, for a wine bar, the selections were overpriced given the pour size, and I resent having to "upgrade" to a 9 oz pour for $18.  Geez, guys, gimme a break!  There are several superior wine venues (the motherload being Berns) in Tampa that offer much superior selection to price to value ratios. I expect Carmel will remain popular with the North of Kennedy set who are attracted to the bells and whistles.  But for self-respecting Tampa natives, there are much better alternatives for the price and quality.  Very disappointing. The whole thing has a feel like a big chain franchise restaurant, with a misguided market approach.
I really like this place, casual atmosphere, lots of wine to choose from and delicious plates.
It was pretty bad for food.  Drinks were cheap enough but they said a couple times that they would fix my mistake with ordering off their ipad.  First time was fine 2nd was too much.   Calamari frites were....well we didnt eat them.   It was a bad experience and we will not return.  Sad since the the atmosphere is great btw.  Oh.  restaurant was empty on a thurs at 6:30 pm.
Atmosphere was adequate. Felt somewhat chain-like and not unique.  What one would expect of a wine bar for housewives, sorta felt like drinks at the Outback Steakhouse. It was deprived of patrons during happy hour. Service was mediocre at best, as my husband was served and I had to wait almost 10 minutes for the bar keep to show back up. Mind you, it was dead tonight. Overall, decent wines happy hour food specials were good but definitely not unique. We prefer the ybor city wine bar as the service is fantastic and incredibly personable.
I really have nothing but good things to say about this place. We went here Thursday evening for dinner with friends. They have a great wine selection at varying prices, including 5 choices for $5 each. The server we had was very attentive. We ordered a few small plates to share. Everything came out really quick and I really liked every single thing I tried. The calamari fries were to die for. The butternut squash bisque was also a great choice. The atmosphere was great, busy but not loud. I would go here again and again.
I am loving this place more and more!!  I've been to both locations (Carrollwood and South Tampa) and while the sevice left something to be desired in South Tampa, we received nothing less than top-notch at the Carrollwood location.  To be fair, the South Tampa location is brand new and we were seated in the loungey/couch area in the middle of the restaurant- I think there might have been some miscommunication among staff on who would be assisting us- once we moved to a hightop, we were taken care of greatly. I've had the opportunity to try a number of items on the menu: meat lollipop, spinach artichoke dip, steak, mashed potatoes, fries, hummus, sangria, calamari frites, chicken, and best of all, the Four Cheese Satchels. Mmmmm! The Four Cheese Satchels are seriously the best menu item and one of my favorite dishes of all time. The sachels are cheese-stuffed pasta that seriously resembles a satchel and mixed with arugula, tomatoes, pancetta, all in a tomato sauce.  It is seriously so flippin' good that I think I'll go back this weekend for a little tastey-taste. With our last meal, we tried the Riesling by Washington Hills, recommended by the bartender and since, I've made it a point to find the wine and I have the strong desire to keep it in stock at my house at all times. If you are unfamiliar with Carmel Cafe and how they work, each party is given an iPad to order off of (sometimes 2 iPads, depending on how large your party is). The Carmel Cafe menu is on there complete with pictures of each dish and suggested wine pairings.  Once you make a selection, you can send the dish to the kitchen.  At the end of your meal, you have the option of paying the check with cash or credit, splitting the bill, leaving a tip, etc.  Everything is done via technology and I loves it! Once you send your menu choice to the kitchen, be prepared to wait a grand total of 5 minutes or less- they are so fast! I recommend you space out your menu choices.
I recently had dinner at Carmel Cafe while visiting Tampa for a few days. Friends suggested the Monday night four course dinner for two for $25. A bit skeptical that a decent meal could be had for $25, I took the leap of faith. Thankfully, my doubts were misplaced; this was indeed an incredible deal. The food was very tasty, our server was attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere was certainly superior to any other restaurant you'll find for $25. Ironically my only gripe relates to a point of Carmel Cafe's pride. Instead of menus, all guests are provided iPads pre-loaded with interactive menus. It's the way of the future? Blah, blah, blah. Call me old school (I'm only 24, mind you), but I prefer a nice, leather-bound menu displaying all of my options. The fact that guests order food/drinks via iPad also minimizes interaction with the servers. Personally, I enjoy discussing a menu with my server. Perhaps someday those genius Apple engineers will invent an iPad that is superior to a server... but until that day, I'll be asking for traditional menus.
Disappointing. We went with high hopes that this would be a neat place with good food. Instead, the wine was overpriced and the food was mediocre at best. Our Caprese salad obviously had chicken- in-the bag on it and the Lemon Chicken and Artichoke Flatbread was over-saturated with Rosemary. The only high point was our waitress. Great service and she made the experience nice despite the food.
Mediterranean fare. Great wine selection, and prices. Innovative Ipad menu/ordering system.   Italian press sandwich Short rib mushroom flatbread Spinach gnocchi Seared Atlantic salmon with quinoa Carmel is the prodigy of one of the Outback  founders. This small chain has a nice interior, great for business lunches. The Ipad menu/ordering system is really cool, and speeds up your lunch. It gives you the ability to have your order to the kitchen before you even get your water.  The wine selection is excellent, and the menu lends itself to wine. The Ipad can list wine choices with each menu item. Fresh and moderately healthy Mediterranean cuisine at reasonable prices. I can see this chain expanding rapidly.  Although not everyone is a fan of the Ipad menu/ordering system , some people we noticed preferred the paper menus with the waiter taking the order, which they were happy to accommodate.
I came here for a girls' day lunch with my friend and we were so pleasantly surprised by this place. The food was great and the service was awesome. Adriana was a fantastic server and we'll definitely be back!
There are pros and cons to the ipad ordering service.  However, the food is absolutely divine. I dined here with a party of 12, which made ordering with an ipad extremely helpful.  It was really quick to get food once you order.  My boyfriend and I tried the prix fixe menu that they have every Sunday and Monday night.  This gave us one starter, two second courses (salad or soup), two third courses (smaller plates of main courses) and one dessert, all for $25.  You have to put in this order for the prix fixe menu with a server, not the ipad.  However, others at our table chose to order other dishes and used the ipad.   We used the ipad for drinks and I enjoyed using it, because it is easy to make sure your order is correct since there is no intermediary between you and the kitchen.  However, I miss interacting with a server and it makes for a more impersonal culture.  The other thing I didn't like, and this might just be because I'm technologically inept, was scrolling through an ipad to find what I wanted to order.  I don't like not being able to flip back and forth between different pages, instead having to scroll until I find the one I want.  The other thing is, the servers had no idea who ordered what off of the ipad and often had to come asking around for which dish went with which person. As for the actual food, like I wrote earlier, I enjoyed it immensely.  We started with the edamame hummus which was delicious.  My favorite dish by far.  My boyfriend who doesn't even like hummus loved it.  He wished there was more.  It comes with chips that are similar to Asian shrimp chips.  I would honestly eat this every day if I could.  We both had the Caesar salad for our second course.  It has a surprising kick to it.  I thought the croutons were well made.  Overall it was solid, but nothing to write home about.  Our third course was the Braised Short Rib and Chicken Madeira.  At first I was worried, because I didn't have a knife, but everything was so tender I could cut it with a fork.  The Chicken Madeira came with mashed potatoes.  The mashed potatoes were good, but a little oversalted.  The chicken was great and very tender.  The short ribs came with polenta.  In the past, I've had polenta that is more dense in an actual brick like form.  This polenta is more mushy, like grits.  I thought it was good.  For dessert we had the lava cake, which was absolutely delicious.  It came with ice cream and oozed with a chocolate sauce filling.  However, by this time in the meal I was absolutely stuffed. I think the prix fixe menu is delightful and the ambiance of the place is great for a date night.  I could definitely see myself coming back to try different dishes.
Perfect place. I say outside and the environment was excellent... The inside looks a little bit crowded but still looks great. We have great service by our server Marshall, his attentions were really really good. I will come back just because of the service that he provide. And the food was exquisite! One of the best places I have ever been in Tampa, if bit the best.
Great location, love the free valet parking. Visited for a girls night. This venue is very trendy and inviting, The staff were very helpful and food was delicious. The ipads made it very easy to split our checks. Also seems like a great date night spot. I may take the hubbie next time.
I was so excited to go to this restaurant because of the good things I had heard from the other locations. I was excited to check out what all the hype is about. Upon entering the restaurant I was a little disappointed. The decor was OK. I was expecting something more modern and trendy. I called ahead which worked out well. I like when places let you call ahead. We sat down at a table with an iPad - you order your food from an iPad and the waitresses bring you your food. You also have the option of ordering straight from the waitress. We ordered drinks while we waited for our table. Given how busy it was we were seated fairly quickly. After we were sat it was all kind of confusing. We didn't 'close' out our bar tab before we were seated and our waitress asked us to go chase down our bar waitress. I would think they need to find a way to let your bill travel from ipad to ipad. The menu is pretty small and if you don't order from the iPad one at a time you end up getting all your food at once (appetizer with main meal). We ended up just letting our waitress put in all the food for us and not even use the iPad. The food was pretty tasty. I liked the edamame hummas and the beet salad with chicken that I ordered. After the restaurant works out some kinks I think it will be a better experience.
I went to Carmel Cafe for the first time last Sunday night. We got in around 6:15pm, and made it in right before the rush! Just in time! The waitress sat us down, and explained the menu system to us. Everything is on the iPad - food, drinks, desserts - all of it. It is a pretty easy system, and even has ways that you are able to modify and change your food. We all ordered a drink, and it was out in no time! The waitress warned us that once you place an order, it is out in a flash - she wasn't kidding! We put in the order for our appetizer next, and didn't wait more than 5 minutes until it was delivered to the table. The menu is more so tapas style, even though they don't call it that. Everything is a small plate, unless you order the large option. Even with the large option, the portions are still somewhat small. I ordered the large crab cakes - they came out and I was pretty disappointed. I expected a large order to be large, but they were tiny! I got 4 on my place, but they were no larger than silver dollar. I got a house salad on the side, which was, in turn, quite big. Everything is pretty much ordered A La Carte (for the most part), so it can get a little bit pricy. I think that this is one of those restaurants that you need to know what you are ordering to get it right. I'm sure that there are better entree options to get more food for the price point - I just didn't order the right thing. My dinner tasted great, but I honestly left feeling a little hungry. I will be happy to go back, but I will definitely try to order something more substantial.
Great place for happy hour. Food and drinks are a bargain and tasty to boot. Larger portions than I expected, one or two small plates are plenty. Entrees come in small and large sizes. Large is adequate for two adults easy. I had the smoked red pepper pasta with bolognese sauce and loved it. Will have the leftovers for lunch tomorrow and definitely order it again if available. Poached pear with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream was delish. Service is attentive and congenial. Only negative is noise level when crowded if that bothers you.
I've been hearing about this place and was excited to check it out with the beau.  Sure the iPad ordering system is trendy, but sadly that's the only word I can use to describe our experience this time. First impressions upon walking in was good.  Dim lighting, modern space, professionals chatting, social scene, girl's night kinda place, trendy.  It was a Thursday night and we were seated right away.  We perused the cool iPad menu and I have to applaud them for the ease of use.  Simply select your item(s) and send the order to the kitchen at a click of a button.  Items are tapas style, so you can order the next item(s) at your own pace.  Food came out incredibly fast.  We also ordered a pitcher of sangria to share. Sangria: Served in a trendy french press and poured into wine glasses.  Taste was sweet and tasted like a juice.  Barely tasted any wine.  Trendy appearance, but missing authenticity. Smoked Bacon & Artichoke Flatbread: Surprisingly, it was on the cold side.  While it smelled good and served very quickly, it didn't taste fresh. Sorta like pizza under a heat-lamp.  A little too pricey to be serving food quality like this, no? Four Cheese Satchels: Loved that they used arugula!  This plate was most flavorful and was our favorite.  The crispy pancetta was perfect on top of plentiful arugula and cheesy pockets. Spinach Gnocchi Marseilles: This smelled absolutely amazing when it came to the table.  The sauce really made this stand out, but unfortunately, this was also the worst of the three dishes we ordered.  I had two muscles in the dish (I think there was only a total of 3) and one was sandy and the other tasted rotten (had to spit both out).  I'm not sure if muscles are in season, but I'm sorta embarrassed that this happened especially since I liked the sauce so much.  The shrimp and scallops were good though. Four items later, our bill with 20% tip came out to be almost $60.  So, basically it's a trendy restaurant/lounge without emphasis on the quality of food.  Which says a lot because, after all, it's a restaurant and food comes first.
AMAZING!!!  The food was incredible, so delicious, original, and fresh.  The drinks are delicious.  The service is so fast and impeccable.  I love how you can order on iPads.  It really enhances the dining experience which should be more about you, your guests, and the food/drink than the interaction with your waiter.  They were very welcoming too and gave us a gift card to come back.  Also it was my husband's birthday and I brought in a cake and the waitress helped me cut it, plate it, and serve it to everyone.  I'll definitely be going back.
Food - 5 stars Atmosphere - 4.5 stars Staff - 1 star I sincerely hope management reviews Yelp from time to time. This place could have earned 4 or 5 stars from me if the training waiter wasn't such a jerk. Food: I'm a vegetarian, and didn't try the food my friends had. However, I loved the edamame hummus and the pistachio apricot quinoa. They are different and tasty. The portion size is great because you aren't stuck with a great deal of leftovers. I can't remember the wine that I ended up ordering. I remember liking the wine list, though. Atmosphere: The atmosphere was hip, chic and modern. When you're seated, an iPad is handed to you with a menu app opened. The waiter/waitress will describe how to use the menu. Guests can select what they'd like from within the app and send their own orders to the kitchen. Alternatively, guests can speak with their server to place orders. Obviously, the app should improve ticket times and decrease room for error with mixing up tables/forgetting orders. We put our order in at least thirty minutes before getting our food, so I'm not sure what the benefit of the device really was.  I guess the ordering system is neat if you've never used an iPad or are easily amused. Staff: Our waiter (who was a trainer) said that he was a "wine fiend" and rambled off a list of suggestions. I was in the middle of asking my first (and only) question about his suggestion when he looked me in the eye and turned on heel. I was left me asking my question to nobody. It was the strangest and rudest thing I'd ever experienced. I said loudly "Hey!" to his back as he was leaving, but he just kept zipping away. He stopped at a nearby table to chat with a waitress. Had I driven there, we would have left then. I've never called after a waiter in my life. I was so mortified at my reaction to his childish, inattentive, ridiculous behavior that I wanted to leave immediately. Had I driven there separately, I would have left. My company laughed at my baffled response and made fun of me for the waiter's reaction. My boyfriend was put-off by the waiter's behavior, but he and his friends had assured me that the food was worth it. I can't say it was "worth it" though. It was good, but not good enough to erase the experience that I had with the waiter.
$5 Happy Hour! Super worth it. After that it can get a bit pricey...But the food is delish and the drinks are even better (but I'm partial to drinks). You have to valet (which I do not care for...just let me keep my $5 and I'm happy to park my down darn car thank you very much). Back to the food...which you order form an ipad at your table...or you can be old school like I am and order from the menu...our waiter was cute...so we just ordered from him. All in all a fun place with amazing drinks and scrimptions dishes...I felt like I was on a cooking show when they brought them out.
I really enjoyed this place. The good was amazing and our waiter Sam was suburb! I had the short ribs that just melted in your mouth. My favorite was the lamb sliders! So good!! They have a really nice wine selection as well. Overall, I would defiantly recommend Carmel's to anyone and I will absolutely be back!
I loved the atmosphere on this place! Great wine selection and the Mediterranean style food is delish. The iPad ordering and complimentary valet parking is so convenient.
Went with friends and the meal was wonderful. Interesting use of technology with iPad menu's at the table. My wife and friend ordered the 2 for $25 which was wonderful and the price was right. I had ad the steak and frites  (not exactly the Belgian kind but good enough) and it was very good. Interesting what popped up in the old neighborhood near where we were raised.
Carmel is just okay. We went during happy hour and it wasn't busy at all. I'm not sure how I feel about the ipad ordering. A different person brought out our food/drinks every time. At the end, however, we were told our server had to bring the checks. I wasn't even aware we had a dedicated server. The food was okay...nothing amazing. And the wines were just okay too. I had heard so many good things about Carmel, but I wasn't that impressed.
The service was great. The food was delicious. The timing was great. The only thing missing is the RANCH dressing. Sorry folks, they don't carry ranch!
I really like this place!  The iPad ordering system can be a little confusing at first but once you get the hang of it, its really nice.  Every time I've been there our food has been delivered very quickly and its always good! We go for Happy hour with $5 menu of food and drinks, which is great!  I've also done the Price Fix menu at dinner and that was really inexpensive and lots of good food. The atmosphere is great and casual.  I have had a great time every time I've been there!!
I love the Chicken skewers - I sub green beans for eggplant
Very cool place beginning with the iPad menu. Service is prompt but a little bit on the intrusive side. Still, the experience is wonderful and the prices are very reasonable. The ravioli was amazing. It's one of those places I look forward to visiting again very soon.
Well if you're really hungry I would not recommend this place. Small portions like Tapas style. You spend more for what you get. I ordered a large plate and my friend had the small plate we compared the two and it's not much of a difference maybe a little more but I was still hungry. What you see on the menu on the ipad that you place your orders in makes it look big on the menu but when you get it you will be disapponted at how small your food is portion wise like everyone at our table was. Service is good and you do get your food quick. I think from now on if I do decide to come back it's only going to be for drinks and that's it.
The ipad was fun and good way to get your meal just right - BUT you can't get your drink orders through it.  Waiter explained that the drinks don't get flagged to the waitstaff, so you won't get it if you don't ask a human about it.  Menu was very trend-oid and taste was not as fabulous as it could be.  Enjoyed the experience, though.  Not sure if I could take it on a regular basis.
Great food and food and drinks came out very fast. I liked ordering on the ipad-great for tapas where not everything needs to come out at once. My only gripe is the server could have come around a little bit more to answer questions about menu items (size, what's in the dishes). However, the pictures of the food on the ipad were very accurate. I also liked the pairing suggestions. Very busy on a thurs night so I recommend reservations.
Great food.....but spicy....
Somewhat interesting concept with the Ipad angle although wine bars with tapas are so overdone and annoying. Hate leaving a place spending @$50/person and wondering where the closest fast food place is to get full. For non wine drinkers, it pretty much sucks beverage-wise. Food is pretty much blah and uninteresting and not great. Not bad, but generally not good either. If I wanted to eat with pretentious and annoying people I'd prefer to do it a more independent type establishment than a place catering to the "Stuff White People Like" crowd. Not in a rush to go back although I'm sure I'll be dragged there by others. Service was pretty friendly. Definitely not a bad experience at all, just nothing that made me excited to go back.....ever.
I think I found my favorite restaurant in the world! The food strives to be local and organic, it is fresh and very exquistely prepared and presented. Service is excellent. What I love is that you can order your food on an ipad and leave the chef special requests on it which he actually reads. Our waiter, Kyle, was excellent and friendly and very sensitive to our needs as we were requesting as few GMO ingredients as possible. I am very happy that this restaurant is expanding and thinking of opening another one in Philly. If I could give this place 6 stars I would!!
If you want a trendy place full of hipsters with an overpriced menu then this place is perfect for you.  If you want  quality food and solid service then avoid Carmel.  Our french fries tasted like they were frozen or reheated in a microwave and the ingredients on my cheese platter tasted old.  My friend ordered an aweful mojito made with wine and my sangria was weak.  Most of the ipads at our table messed up our checks causing a lot of confusion.  I will probably not eat here again.
Really like this place, would have like to have been seated at the time I had reserved even though it was Friday.  Attention and service were excellent and although food preparation could have been better (my husband's dish was delicious but my shrimp was raw)it is still a place to come for a good time.
I wanted to like this place after stopping by the one by Ruth Eckerd Hall for pre-drinks before the Elvis Costello concert.  Unfortunately, my dining visit was less than stellar, and I left disappointed. The iPad ordering system was kind of cool, though I think it is wise that you can order from the wait staff to for the less tech savvy patron.  The star was the Chick Pea fries, which came in a stack that resembled the game of Jenga.  The curry aioli and tomato jam accompaniments were perfect to a light, almost custardy bite of deliciousness.  From there it was all downhill however, and everything seemed to be dumbed down, lacking seasoning and and flair of flavor.  The Brussels sprouts were OK, primarily because the dish included bacon, but nothing I could not whip up my self (with proper seasoning) in a matter of minutes at home.  The butternut squash bisque is not a bisque at all by definition, but more of a puree that should come with a Gerber label.  The beet salad was nothing special and the field greens used were coarse cumbersome.   The braised short rib and polenta was a decent plate of meat and grits, but was devoid of flavor, and seasoning.  The decor is nice, and the wine list is good (though a little on the pricey side).   If I were to return, it would be for a glass of wine at the bar and an order of the Chick Pea Fries... and that's about it...
Bad service and the manager will was very rude!!
So my boyfriend and I walked in at 9pm on a saturday night to grab a few apps.  We sat at the bar, which was about half full, and sat unnoticed for a full 5 minutes while the bartenders were running around doing sidework (washing glasses, cleaning countertops, etc).  I had been to the carmel cafe in carrollwood, and was really excited to share the experience with my boyfriend, as this was a new restaurant for him.  We stopped the bartender after 5 minutes and asked for the ipad menus.  He handed us an i pad and told us this is not something we use at the bar and rolled his eyes.  Within the entire 10 minutes of sitting at the bar, we were not asked if we wanted waters, a wine list, or anything of the sort.  We finally ended up walking out due to the lack of customer service at this establishment.  What was really sad is that the restaurant was about 75% full, and far from closing.  The bartender was more focused on washing glasses then serving guests and making revenue fo the restaurant.  I will NOT be wasting my time or money here when there are hundreds of other great restaurants in Tampa.
