Good bar, good atmosphere, good location. The management and staff are top notch. I will continue to come back regularly.
An ugly environment and poor customer service experience. From the outside it looks like a dive bar and then you walk in and that's what you get.  I recently called to speak to a manager about a charge on my credit card and Megan who answered the phone put me on hold and did not come back. This establishment will probably not stay in business if they continue to run it this way.
One of my favorite bars in South Tampa! I have been frequenting here since it first opened in February of 2012. Plus, it is walking distance from my townhome. Jeff and the staff here are always very pleasant and fun to be around. It has a great outdoor patio and very pet friendly. For a fee you can have your own personal Patio mug made and they store them under lock and key for you. Plus, one of the perks to having a mug is their drink specials! Only downside to The Patio is that they do not serve food. But, they are more than happy to allow you to have something delivered in.
Four Stars, simply because if you're looking for plentiful outdoor seating and a beverage, The Patio is your place. Appropriate in moniker, The Patio is just that. From the outside, the establishment kind of resembles a small dive bar. Enter the property and TADAAA! A nice, paved patio surrounded by foliage backed fences and tall palms throughout. Hi top tables consist of the majority of the seating, aside from the high seating at each of the 3 bars. Beer & liquor are the only things served here, so if you're famished... Pull up Yelp for delivery or be prepared to come with your food. Pet friendly during the day & very early eve, the staffers at here offer up water for your thirsty pup. We like to frequent this establishment for the laid back atmosphere when we can. Parking is kind of a pain, but after 6pm the bank across the road is designated Patio parking.
Nice outdoor South Tampa bar.  I have come here a couple of different times.  One time it was extremely crowded and one time it was pretty empty.  I didn't have the best time at the crowded event as there was nowhere to sit and it was difficult to get drinks.  This past weekend when I went was a completely different experience:  very chill. The Patio has a great atmosphere and cheap beer specials.  I haven't ever come for the night life (both times have been during the day), but I'm sure it is pretty fun at night.  Is it my favorite bar?  No.  Do I like it enough to come back?  Absolutely.
Not a thing I like about this place. Plastic cups..no food.... Drunken college group. ..obnoxious football fans...dogs everwhere..which hey I like dogs but not when there drunken owners are hardly caring for them. This place is primed for stupid human tricks.   I'll pass on any future visits.
I've been here on various occasions and very spread out time periods. All very different experiences. The first time I went here, I was dressed to have a grand night on the town. I found it to be really fun and the fact that there were so many different bars makes it easy to get a drink. The second time I was there, it was during a Gator game. While it's not The Patio's fault the Tampa Gator Club watches it there, I found it hard to watch a 2+ hour game there. There weren't very many places to sit, and there was an extreme lack of food. When I watch football games, I want at least some french fries. I was told that you can have anything delivered there, which is nice, but I think anyplace that hosts games, should have a kitchen ready for it's guests. The third time I was there, it wasn't very crowded and the bartenders I spoke with were very kind and friendly. Since I've been here for so many different reasons and have had so many different experiences, I have to say that I can't give it more than 3 stars. I am definitely willing to try it again!
I used to like this bar, until tonight.... I am a Ravens fan living in Tampa Fl. I know, few and far between. I came to the patio thinking I would get some audio with the game. Well, I thought wrong. When I asked for audio, I was told rudely by the manager no. No reason, no nothing. This is the only game on tonight! This place needs to get a grip, and attend to their customers!
Parking is a nightmare.  Once you get past that though, the place is just fine.  No real frills here though.  Lots of televisions, a huge bar that starts indoors and extends to the outdoor area and a bar in the back of the outdoor patio.  The majority of the seating is on the patio, hence the name.  Decent bartenders, a little slow at times, but decent nonetheless, fair prices and a lot of space.  Perfect place for large groups. Not sure I'd ever go back though.  There are a lot of fine watering holes that provide more extras than The Patio.
It is a neighborhood bar, in Palma Ceia. It differs from the Frat bars available on Howard ave. because this is the Frat crowd that has already graduated, and has had a 9-5 for at least 5 years. The crowd is older. They still put on a tailgating vibe with corn hole and ping pong (aka beer pong table) always available to patrons, and  free bar-b-que on some nights. They also put on theme parties to remind you of the good old college days. They have 3 bars available (one currently being built). Be sure to get there early or take a cab because parking fills up fast. The place next to it is available  for parking after 4pm and the Cuban place next door allows parking after 8pm. Music consists of a jukebox, although it would be a really cool space to have bands playing. Also be sure to tip the bartender very well on the first drink, so she will make the second one a bit stronger. They tend to wimp out on liquor drinks. The beer selection is somewhat limited. If they had a single IPA on draft they may have gotten another star. Oh and one more thing, NO FOOD! Overall a cool place to go with your buddies after an afternoon on the golf course, or a hard day at work.
It's cute that you can design and house your own beer mug here. It's pretty douchey however, so I'm not certain if I'll ever go back since it's not really a destination kinda place. It's mostly outdoors and I'm far too fat and old to deal with being uncomfortable for long spells while hanging out here. I really wish they had kicking a/c and a huge comfy couch infront of a tv for game-watching, but like I said, it's not that kinda place. Meh.
I probably didn't get the best experience of what this bar is typically like, since I was here during a Florida football game and this is now where the Tampa Gator Coub meets. I'm sure I'll be back to watch more games, but I think to really enjoy this place the best time to come would be during the day or on a nice evening. The deck area is HUGE and the foliage is very lush. Sitting out there with a drink when it's not crowded would be awesome. I also liked that this was an older, less douchey crowd than the typical South Tampa bar. And whoa, the drinks are CHEAP! I was shocked when I closed my tab after being here for hours...Bud Light is just $2. Here is what's not so great... 1) No food. If you're coming here to watch a 4 hour football game, you will probably want food at some point. However, there was a stand out front selling hot dogs and burgers. You can also have food delivered here (like World of Beer). 2) Not enough parking. There is a gravel lot just down the side street the bar is on, just drive down that road a little bit and it's on the left. If you don't get one of the few spots right at The Patio, that is your best bet or otherwise you have to park along the street. 3) Not enough bathrooms. There are only two women's toilets in the entire place. As you can imagine, this was not very pleasant when the bar was full of hundreds of people watching football. 4) Not enough seating on the deck. They definitely need more seats if they plan on accommodating the TGC. Standing during an entire football game is kind of rough, and the majority of people out on the deck did not have tables or seats.
I always have a great time when I come to the Patio. There is a huge range of people, from much younger to even an older crowd. It is a very low key place, and the perfect place to hang out and enjoy nice weather. There is plenty of cover, so even if it is sunny or raining, you will be protected from the elements. There are 4 different bars, so you never have to wait long for a drink either. Sounds like a win-win to me!
I'd like to try this place at night. We came for a  couple drinks before a USF football game and had the place to ourselves. There were a few parking spots up front- not sure what they do at night when I'd assume it's a lot more crowded. They had four people working I believe yet it was difficult to get them to focus on taking my drink order- they seemed more interested on catching up with each other. Several nice tv's showing the football games and the layout was great. Prices are probably what you'd expect for this area- $5.50 for a Cigar City pint.
This is definitely my favorite bar in the area. It is much more grown up than the Howard avenue spots. If you are in your early 30s you won't feel like you are visiting a preschool while here like at macds. But, take it for what it is, a bar. It's not a restaurant. We come here for the great outdoor patio atmosphere, consistent good drink specials, good live music (go when will Ericsson is playing) good service ( manger Jeff is awesome) and fun theme events. Just eat before you get here.
The Patio is the new host to the Tampa Gator Club. While I like the bar and have always had a great time there I am not sure about this location for football viewing. I managed to get a table but they are hard to come by. The beer is cheap ($2/budweiser products) but the big complaint I kept hearing was the lack of food. They had a guy cooking small hamburgers outside but it was expensive and not enough variety. I think they should have a real food truck out there. That is what Cigar City does and it works great. There were also complaints about the size and lack of TV's. For a football game this is critical and I could only see the TV because I have good vision. Most of the bar is outside but it is shady and even though it was a hot day the misting fans and the shade from trees made it not so bad. I would give it a try but go with a full belly!
The patio is great if you're not in the mood to bring with (supposed) 21 years in affliction tees. The former gay bar has been opened up in to, get this, a large outdoor patio. The landscaping is nice. The trees are so pretty that my brother and I had an argument on whether they were real*. The drinks are reasonably priced. There are a bunch of fans but it can get hot. Be sure to wear shorts or a dress! They crowd is still very South Tampa. It falls in the mid to late 20s range which makes it a bit younger than the Irish 31 crowd. I grew up here so I was through going to McD's on a regular basis by the my 22nd birthday. This place is like a breath of fresh air! *I won this argument. They are real! :)
Cool place! All outside. Full service bar and liquor.  Even the bathrooms are outside protected by privacy fences(for the guys anyways). TV's all over the place. Awesome hangout, as long as its good weather
Surprisingly, this new drink-only bar is thriving in a location pretty far from the beaten path of South Howard Ave. Then, it is surrounded by rental condos filled with the very peeps who fill up Soho most nights. I like what they have done with this former gay bar location: opened up the main bunker-like building and built multi-level decks all over the entire rear. Landscaping is very nice, and lighting is just right. The place was packed on a late Sunday afternoon early evening. They don't seem to serve any food, so the attraction is purely people-watching. They do have the pretty south Tampa peeps coming here, so far. Besides the usual liquor, they have a full rail of taps, but I saw only one that a beer fan would want to drink: Sierra Nevada Torpedo, an IPA. The rest were all corporate. Everyone seemed to be downing the $3 Coronas, so this is not a place for a real beer fan. They have live music on Sats and Suns, so that would be one attraction for me. I wonder how long the buzz will last here?
Laid back and huge outside seating area.  Good for a chill afternoon or evening.  You can bring your pup, always a plus.  Random side note, no exposed shoulders for dudes after 8 PM, lol.
Heres the deal.  I actually really like this place, it has a great outdoor Patio bar area.  Its huge and has great tvs and a ping pong table.  But the last time I was there on the weekday, this wanna be owner was harassing my table and it almost seemed he wanted to pick a fight with us. He was completely boomed out of his mind and was causing trouble for a lot of the guests.  But it was very strange how often he harassed my table.  He said he was one of the owners but I doubt it by the way he was acting, maybe it was a manager.  Either way this Gator wearing ass fake manager makes me not want to go there on the weekdays anymore.  I have not seen him on the weekends.  They were also severely understaffed and the bartender told me you probably wont get serviced at a table.  They need to fix a few things before the "cool new" feeling runs out and people stop going.
The Patio is a terrific outdoor venue in South Tampa, where you can enjoy drinks with friends on a very well-done stone paver patio, with multiple levels, large palm trees & nice landscaping, which are really nicely lit up at night.   The staff is great and they foster a friendly neighborhood hang-out location where you can enjoy meeting fiends & neighbors.  It's also a great place to watch the big game, to include being the South Tampa Gator Club location where every Gator game is very well attended.  They offer good happy hour & game day specials and while they don't have a kitchen, they do have on-site BBQ food during peak times and during games.  In summary...Great place with a great staff & patrons!
great place for a beer in south tampa. i love low key, non-trendy bars so this was a place for me. nice change from the miami "scene".
nice place, a lot of cool outside space. our bartender told us that they had no draft list, but have 30 taps. really? she suggested two mainstream beers when we asked for something hoppy and was of no further assistance. probably acceptable if they were busy, but they were not. at least it's nice ambiance.
