The bacon wrapped dates are amazing and a must try! It brings together the unique awesomeness that is salty and sweet! We enjoyed the $5 patron shots too! I don't recommend the lobster tacos. They were deep fried and tasted closer to grouper. I hate anything fishy, and they def had a fishy taste. The truffles fries made my taste buds dance! We chose the truffle aioli to dip them in. Amazing!! The service, however, was fantastic, attentive and friendly. They have multiple TVs and the football crowd was in full spirits. It's slightly off the SoHo strip, so I feel like it gets overlooked often.
This is exactly the type of bar I like going to.  It has damn good food, no children,  and art everywhere.  Their bourbon selection is fantastic.  It's one of the few places that serves Angels Envy. Try it!   3 of us were always served quickly. Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with goat cheese. Truffle potatoes wedges Lobster tacos. (doesn't taste anything like lobster and deep fried) gross! Next time I go I'm sneaking in chalk.
A great local bar for South Tampa. It's not overrun by students and they serve decent food. The atmosphere is fun and laid back. It's a cozy bar with dark walls, red, gray, black decor, and interesting photographs. There's outdoor seating, a semi-open kitchen, two bars, and a few cocktail tables and half-booths. Thrilled the dart board is up! The food is okay. Better than any other bar, not as good as a restaurant. I'm okay with that, because everything tastes better after alcohol. The grilled salad was good, wings are great, crab cakes are okay...and a couple other items I can't recall were edible and satisfactory, Bartenders and staff are pleasant and make the experience a pleasant one. This is a great starter to a raging night or a great way to relax and have some drinks with friends.
Teriyaki Duck wings and cheese stuffed figs with bacon around them... Absolutely awesome... I want to eat that everyday of my life.
I have given Soho backyard my business three times in the past three months since they have opened & it's more than they could ever deserve! The restaurant itself is in a horrible location on Howard. I guess the owners couldn't afford to be directly on Howard and major roads in soho!!? The atmosphere is nice & it's great to have access to two separate bars. Their chairs however are very uncomfortable. Service is not good. Tip: Being attentive & smiling at me right before placing the bill in front of me does NOT fool me, nor does it do much for that extra tip!! Drinks are watered down & not good! I have tried from the simple vodka tonic to more speciality drinks. Food is interesting on paper & not great once you get it on the table! Once their fryer was broken & they couldn't even accommodate our orders. The waiter forgot my Caesar salad for an hour which ended up being absolutely terrible!! It's really hard to mess up a simple Caesar salad. The taste has been underwhelming & for people who actually care about what it is they are eating & understand how it was prepared; they use a lot of canned food, items with long shelf life & not enough fresh ingredients in prepping the food. Just take your $100 for the night & spend it at another bar.
Good food selection and tasty. Nice atmosphere, but they overcharge on a regular basis. This is now the third time I've been overcharged compared to the specials that we are told when we sit down. Today was told it's "flatbread Friday" and all flatbreads are only $10. when I received the bill - the flatbread was regular price. To top it off - my friend and I ordered a salad to split along with the flatbread. We ordered a lunch sized salad which according to the menu was $8 - and I asked with one exception, to have a mango vinaigrette dressing instead of the Caesar. When I got the bill - my salad was $15 and a $2 upcharge for the dressing change - which was a rip off because there was so much dressing on the salad I didn't even eat most of the salad because it was over-dressed. Needless to say after being overcharged 3 times it's the last time I'll be visiting there.
I've been here twice since the place opened. Had a good time. It's off the beaten path and doesn't at track the usual gaggle of STD's. The staff is friendly and prompt with service. The food was good and not your usual bar menu. Over all it's a pretty cool place.
Great service and atmosphere! Half off all drinks for happy hour and Taco Thursdays are great! Chicken taco was awesome!  I just wish they had prosecco :)
SOFT OPENING REVIEW I was lucky enough to attend their soft opening (aka first day open) and what first hit me was the decor and the layout. It was laid out in a very welcoming way with the main bars on the side or in the back and plenty of different seating options throughout: bar seating, 2-person high-tops, social high-tops with stools and booths, outdoor seating, and a couple booth tables as well. Very cool. As I centered myself and found a seat at one of the high-tops, I saw something...people with food..a quick gaze and omg...they have a kitchen. So, I grabbed a menu expecting the usual burgers and chicken fingers fare. No way Jose. This menu was serious: Tapas, Salads, Flatbreads...what the? They have duck wings...DUCK WINGS. Must order. First things first though, I needed a drink. Super-friendly bar-staff had me hooked up and ready to go in less than a minute. I was surprised to see an opening-night bar staff so on-point and knew what they were doing. I followed up with asking for some suggestions on what to get...I knew I wanted the duck wings..but what flavor was the best? And I knew I wanted the flatbread, but which would they recommend? Duck Wings with Asian Chili sauce. OUT OF THE PARK. These things were huge. These things were crispy. These things were cooked perfectly. These things will be hard to keep in stock if all the flavors taste as good as this one. I even converted a few people that gave me the "duck wings? uh uh" look and made them try one. Must have. (I added a pic of these) White Shrimp Flatbread. Good but not great. I can see where they were going with this and it was ALMOST there. The shrimp wasn't the star of the show unfortunately as it was just steamed shrimp on the flatbread. The star of this dish was the bacon. Bacon is just too powerful of an add-on on most dishes that its hard to up-stage it. I'd suggest cajun seasoning the shrimp or maybe a scampi to set it apart to truly make it the star of its namesake flatbread. (I added a pic of this) Overall, I'm diggin' it. It's my type of place that had good prices, a menu that screams "taste me," and an uber friendly and helpful staff. I'm not saying other soho places don't have what Soho Backyard has...but the other places better step up their game if they wanna compete.
Excellent service! Came in on a Sunday and Hana was our server. She was very attentive and provided excellent food and drink selections. Although not crowded, the atmosphere was welcoming and would definitely recommend. I also like how its South of Swann, and brings in a crowd that is 25+ years so most of the college crowd doesn't frequent here.  I would recommend for good drinks with a relax atmosphere.
The duck wings are fabulous. I couldn't get enough of them! Do yourself a favor and order them! Tell Bo Anna sent you!
I have only been to brunch. Their salmon cake Benedict is tasty and you get all you can drink mimosas for $10 from 11-2pm which is a great deal. You can also build an insane Bloody Mary with sliders, duck wing, lobster, etc (see picture). They don't have nfl package but will have a game on that's on the main channels. I have also had a burger on pretzel bun and blt club which were good. I wish their brunch menu was a little larger but the unlimited mimosas are a good deal.
This place is not a cocktail bar.... they dont have a cocktail list, but yes they have a full bar. The atmosphere is really nice and the bartender did the best she could to serve the entire place by herself. But the food is bad. The duck wings I did not enjoy and the flatbreads were more like very sad pizzas. Its such a shame because I really wanted to like this place. Its just a good spot to have a beer in a chill envrionment not crowded....but thats it. Dont believe all the hype.
We got out first round of drinks and everything was fine. Then the 4 of us wanted to order food and after taking the first 2 of ours order the bartender asked to hold a card, in a very rude way, so rude that one of our party didn't order food because of it and the 4th person commended after about how rude it was.  Also we ordered the crab cake appetizer and it didn't come out until AFTER all of our food. I was drinking slow but the 4th friend had to wait for over 20 minutes with an empty drink before the bartender came over to ask if she needed anything AND it wasn't even the bartender that had been serving us it was this other nice red headed and bearded bartender who noticed.
This is a cool spot off the beaten path of SoHo...a lot of people don't know where it's at because it's so hidden. It's a good spot for some food and a beer. Atmosphere is super hipster and chill. The hummus and homemade pita is the best thing on the menu!! A must try!
Cool little new place behind cvs on Armenia. Read the reviews and figured I'd check it out. The menu is fairly small, and directed towards foodies (don't be afraid, just try it!) and the service was great and very friendly. Everyone raves about the duck wings, and they truly are amazing. You gotta try em. The kitchen knows what they're doing. You can see them back there prepping the food and getting down to the music, a true sign that they're happy about what they're making. I gave it a 4/5 only because I feel that the prices are a TINY bit high, but it's a new place so they don't know what to expect yet.
My beef with Soho: there are so few good, chill bars with a good atmosphere- not filled with an overwhelming amount of... well South Tampa's finest 21-40 somethings. (i'm trying to word this as PC as possible). The solution: The Soho Backyard. SUCH a great atmosphere, a little gem on a stretch of road filled with overcrowded jerky BS. Food: Awesome (You've gotta try the tuna tartar. Seriously. I cannot say enough about the tuna tartar. It's drool worthy.). Serivce: Beautiful. Drinks: Alcoholic. ..And by Alcoholic, I mean Awesome.
This place is the literally the definition of a "hidden gem." It is literally hidden in South Tampa, hard to find but once you get in there, it's great. Superclean and trendy, with attentive quick service. what sticks out?? The kitchen is open and you can see how clean and fresh your food is!!! The only reason I don't give this five stars, because the drink mixes are not spectacular and the prices are a tad bit high.
I love this place, it's my favorite bar in Tampa!  The menu is very eclectic and I have probably tried 75% of the menu and have liked everything. My favorites are the duck wings, goat cheese-stuffed figs and the sesame seared tuna! Also, their brunch menu is awesome. And finally, the male staff and the owners are all hotties...so ladies, go check them out! :)
Came in for food and drinks on a Sunday evening. It wasn't too packed...several people drinking at the bar but only one other party there for dinner. The service was extremely slow to take our drink order, food order, and to bring out the food. They didn't really apologize for being slow and didn't even come to ask if we were doing okay. Since it's newly opened I would try it again.. Hopefully their service improves! On a good note...The jerk chicken kabobs are amazingly tasty and not overly spicy!
One of my favorite places for good cocktails, original eats and my two most important factors: a good patio and great service. The crowd is fun and it's away from the typical hot mess of S Howard. How refreshing.
Everything starting off fantastic minus the 3 bartender service, but some random girl thought our group was talking about her and she got a fake security guard to come over And make a big stank out of the issue.  Long story short we ended up leaving because of the people... Have fun and enjoy your experience
Went here for the first time tonight and really enjoyed it. Got the duck wings and shrimp/shortrib flatbread, all three were delicious. Big thank you to Hana!
Such a great bar! Free barking, great cocktail, food is amazing. Service is great; can't wait to come back.
The staff is excellent - capable, friendly people - and a very interesting menu. As others have said, the Duck Wings are a must try, the figs wrapped with bacon are brilliant, and the gator skewers are excellent as well.
AMAZING!  Food was incredible...I mean who servers duck wings?  Can't wait to go back. :)
Had an opportunity to check out this new Soho bar tonight and was very impressed. Amazing food and great drinks. I will definitely be back!
Had the chipotle chicken flatbread and my party had a few drinks. The drinks are on the expensive side for soho but the atmosphere is nice. The flatbread was good but very spicy.
