Maybe I'm just getting old. Since I haven't been an undergrad in years, I'm probably being (or at least becoming) an old geezer. But ugh, college bars are usually a no-go for me unless it's off-peak hours. I've been to MacDintons three or four times now, and each time was enjoyable because it wasn't super packed. If there had been huge crowds during any of my visits, I'd have been miserable. The venue itself is huge. I love that there is no shortage of either indoor or outdoor space. The staff is generally pretty friendly, and the drink specials are awesome. The food is also really good, albeit a little on the spendy side. There are large screens everywhere, so catching sports events makes for a good reason to check MacDintons out.
Disclaimer: I am writing this review as if I were MacDintons' target clientele - a 20-something year old, beer-drinking, party-going, single person. This is exactly where I'd go if I recently graduated college, had lots of beer money now, and wanted to hang out with fraternity or sorority friends or co-workers, or was looking to hook up. It definitely turns into a meat market at night, so all the single people, go to mingle! The venue is really nice. It's HUGE. The patio has multiple sections with seating at tables or cocktail tables. The inside has numerous rooms as well with multiple bars in each section. There was a game room, a cozier room; it's all a blur now, but it was a place you could possibly lose people if it got really crowded.   The wait staff, bartenders, and even the restroom attendant were all really helpful and nice. I was really impressed with the bathrooms as gross as bar bathrooms can get. The attendant was on top of things and had a counter full of items to sell. She gives out hand towels instead of paper towels to dry your hands - a nice touch. There is valet to park your car and security to keep the drunks in check. Big guys were positioned around the bar, so I'm assuming they are needed as the night goes on. If this sounds like your kind of place, you will have a great time.
Quick Summary: A great high energy place to come and have some drinks with friends. The outdoors seating is plentiful and indoors is quite spacious too. The crowd is out for a good time, whether it is karaoke night or a World Cup game! Who goes out on a Tuesday night, really... people who have to work on the weekends! So that's why we ended up here... When you come here you have to know what you're getting into, and when you accept that at face value, it's pretty good at what it does. Let me give you an example... the beers are all served in plastic cups... cause well figure it out. This is place to go out and party...  it's a great location for your tweens to have a good time and not worry about embarrassing yourself, though at my age... I'm closer to 'that guy'... There's a lot of social energy, the sort of place you need to stay agile and mobile. Definitely not somewhere you'd hunker down with old friends to catch up... unless your definition of catching up is going one for one, and stumbling back to your buddy's house around the corner. Normally I wouldn't be so impressed but here's why I liked them: good selection of beers on draft. And, the food is pretty decent... sticking out of my somewhat hazy memory are the Irish Nachos; served with thinly sliced crisped potatoes instead of nacho chips... and they were delicious.... the  potatoes kept a great crisp to them and had the strength to support a load of toppings without going soggy. So if you're looking to let loose and have a few drinks with few of your 'friends for the night' this is the place to go!
Let me start off by saying- I WANT to like MacDintons- I really do. But everytime I go here I just have to say, ugh. First of all, it's always packed. Like, PACKED. And I can't move around, and outside I'm getting smoke blown in my face and it's just a big animal house. Inside I can never hear the live music, the dance floor is WAY WAY WAY too small and they take away all the places to sit practically (not cool, man). I think I would've liked MacDintons in my college years, but as I age I would rather have somewhere to sit and enjoy the live music. Now, I did go once when they had live music on a weekday and it was a MUCH better vibe. I think it just turns crazy on the Friday/Saturday nights. They are a good venue for Gasparilla and soccer games though- so keep that in mind. I also hear they have a medical professionals night where people in medical field get discounts? Check the website.
I like it on the off hours the best. When the crowds are smaller, this place is more enjoyable. When they get busy it is pretty much wall to wall college kids. That can be fun also, but not my scene.
The food was good, the beer was cold, the waiter was good. However, it's kind of chaotic in there for new people. I had never been, and I think they just assume everyone is a regular because when you walk up, there's no hostess, no one greeting you. You sort of have to go find someone to let them know you're there and that you want food - at least for the outdoor seating anyway.
I've only been here once but I had a good time. My friends and I went out last Friday during their crazy happy hour from 6-8. With $10, you get a little plastic cup and you can drink any draft or bottom shelf liquor. Two of the bartenders I got drinks from were nice but one was stuck up.  Of course the nice ones were guys and the stuck up was girl so ehh, I wasn't too ticked off. We watched the Chile and Australia soccer game on a huge screen in the foosball and darts room and the people there were cool. Yes, it does look like I walked into frat house because the majority of dudes there were white but I had fun. Probably will be back.
Macdintons is good for 2 things:  scoping out frat boys and partaking in $10 sink or swim. If either of these 2 are not your cup of tea, then I would suggest picking another watering hole. Located in the heart of SoHo, Macdintons is probably one of the busier bars on the strip. I'm not going to try to be something I'm not, so I will admit, 10 years ago, Macdintons was a favorite destination for me and my friends. It's one of the many places we would find ourselves on a Saturday night (or a Thursday and Friday for that matter).  As I've gotten older and my bedtime has drastically changed, Macdintons doesn't really fit into my schedule. BUT, if you're looking for the 2 things I mentioned, then this is the place to be.
Yogi Berra would describe MacDintons on the weekend as being so crowded and popular that no one goes there anymore.  Or at l0east not me, mainly because I am decades beyond the average age and decibel tolerance.   Probably would have been a regular in college, but for the cover charge.  Have enjoyed food and drafts with family on a quiet weeekday afternoon.  They do have geriatric (Irish-themed) specialty dishes like Shepherd's Pie Must you can eat with or without dentures.
Nothing like going somewhere as a 25 year old woman and feeling like an old, used up corpse. All the patrons here on a weekend night are like 5 years old (by 5 I mean 18/19).  It took 20 minutes to get a beer, a drunk girl fell off the outdoor patio ledge and twisted her ankle, and I saw more butt cheeks hanging out than I did employees. Never going back.
D-Bag central.  The bouncers are dying to get into a fight so they watch you like a hawk, waiting for any false move.  They do have a good 90s band on certain nights or at least they used to when I was young enough to go here.  The last time I went I felt like the old creepy guy at the party...but maybe that wasn't the bar's fault. Be warned: when colleges have their breaks (thanksgiving, xmas and spring break) - this place has more popped collars than a fat priest convention.
I really liked this place...when I first moved to Tampa...and I was 25...and drank a lot more.  Here's the deal:  McDintons is a great place for a certain demographic.  Once you cross the other side of 30, the chances of you enjoying this place start to diminish - kinda like your testosterone levels.  The food is really good bar food and the drinks are relatively well priced for South Tampa.  The live music, DJ and karaoke all allow for a dynamic atmosphere that keeps the crowds coming in.  The service is good, but word of caution:  don't test the security.  They're not afraid to get "hands on" if necessary.   B. Major Grade:  B
I give it 2 stars because surprisingly I enjoyed my sandwich & chips. But sitting outside on a beautiful evening was ruined every time the stench of dumpster wafted through every minute. It was so disgusting. We were there from 6-730, not when the party crowd would be there but it was a promo thing for rec sports. Sure it was early & an event but I swear I was at an ugly people convention. The clientele there were so ugly it was awkward to look beyond the table. World of beer was a much better place all around except they were out of every beer our group requested. Seriously. A better name is "A beer , maybe two" I think. And Yard of Ale had plenty of clones in boat shoes, but both places were cleaner and better than Macdintons. Macdintons St Pete is much better though, IMO.
Okay, I gave this another shot at around 8pm on a Saturday night. It was fairly empty, and we were able to get drinks and have a prime seat on the patio and talk and it was quite nice. The DJ moved in just before 10 and the speakers were pounding right behind us. Apparently our table was ON the outdoor dance floor, haha. My first clue was the scantily clad chick behind me, who thought she was in an MTV video. No one else in the place had drank as much as her, so she was the only one dancing. I'm just upset that it was behind me so I could laugh, too! The service was great on this visit, prompt and helpful, both from the bar and from the girl coming to our table. The food we ordered wasn't the best, it didn't come out as ordered and took a REALLY long time to get to us at a time when most people were drinking and not using the kitchen. The place really picks up around 10 or so, as the people start rolling in. They offer valet parking, and there's no cover. Drink specials were decent, as they often have $6 vodka/red bulls. We went inside to dance some and enjoyed the first couple songs, but then they started playing music that wasn't really the type you dance to. This is when we cashed out our tab and headed elsewhere. Very entertaining crowd, but they will definitely affect your experience, so choose your time to visit wisely depending on the experience you desire. Seems likeone of the better places to dance in the area, but there has to be somewhere even better. But this place is large, has nice ambiance, and the people watching is second to none!
I felt really out of place here because it is filled with tons of undergrads. A total college bar so keep that in mind. I'd probably opt for a different place in Soho if I was going out. It gets pretty packed on the weekends. Just okay to me.
When I was 22, this was my favorite spot to party.  That is mostly who Macdinton's caters to:  a younger crowd.  As for the layout, Macdinton's is huge with bars around every corner.  Some of the bars get really crowded but there are a couple "hidden" bars that you can find for a more chill spot. Macdinton's often has good drink specials and on Friday there is an all you can drink happy hour (DANGEROUS).  Over all, I like Macdinton's but it really just depends on the night and how crowded it is.
I am from Miami so it's very rare to find a bar as spacious and great as MacDinton's. Me and two friends went on a Saturday night and it was jam packed. We really did have an amazing time. The drinks were cheap, which is a big plus in my book. A drink that size easily will cost you $10-$15 back in Miami. I got a sex on the beach which was great. The atmosphere was one of a kind, jam packed with people of all ages and good music: MacDinton's is one of a kind and I can't wait to come back to Tampa to visit again!
Honestly, I used to frequent this place a lot. It has It has 6 different bars around, it's very spacious, they sell food right outside the entryway and if I'm not mistaken there is also live music on the outside and the inside. That being said, as I get older I realize it's definitely more of a younger crowd spot. Certain nights are less crowded than others, if that's what you are looking for. It's a fun place though and they also have AYCD Friday HH! make sure you have a way home if you go to that;-).
It pains me a little bit to see the "Yay! I'm a fan." as I click 4 stars here because 89% of the time I'm not. HOWEVER, MacDinton's serves it's purpose perfectly. It's a college-esque bar that is a great place if you're looking for that experience. When I was away at Auburn, the first place I wanted to come when I got back was McD's. There was practically a 100% chance I'd see someone I hadn't seen in a long time and they always have a fun band playing on the weekends. After I moved back, I went to McD's at least once a weekend. Now, I've been home for 2 1/2 years and realize that I don't want there to be a 100% chance of seeing someone I haven't seen in forever because there's probably a reason I haven't seen them in a long time. Still, once every couple months I still head to MacDinton's with some friends from high school and we have a great time. On weekends it will be crowded, you will see Jersey Shore wannabes and girls wearing very little clothing. If this annoys you, you probably shouldn't be a popular bar. If you go to MacDinton's with a group of friends who like to have fun and dance, MacDinton's is a blast. If you want to throw back a couple of drinks and talk without being bumped into, head to Yard of Ale across the street.
Terrible. No parking unless you want to pay, way overcrowded, food is tasteless unless you like salt, hotter than hell, and the staff is the same age as the clientele which explains the bad service. Went once in college and hated it and tried it again a couple years later and literally nothing has changed. The drinks are very watered down and half the beers they advertise are not on tap. It's definitely an amateur bar in an area with much nicer choices.
"I didn't fall. The floor just needed a hug." "Dude, are my eyes seeing what my brain is telling my eyes that they're seeing?" "Dude, where is my car?" That is MacDinton's in a NutShell. Oh yeah, my brothers live at the back patio bar. If there is some loud, drunk and obnoxious guys  yelling at a bartender called Misi... tell them to shut up and go home. You have found my younger brothers.
I've been looking for a place to watch European soccer games and boy did I hit the jackpot ! The place was absolutely mobbed for the big Real Madrid vs Barcelona game and for good reason. Plenty of TVs so you won't miss a single kick. Service was excellent for the amount of people who were jam packed in the place. Clearly there not enough servers to accommodate everyone at once but the staff did do an excellent job of getting to each table in a timely fashion. The burger was delicious and there were plenty of drink specials going on during the game. I'll be back for a lot more games as the atmosphere can't be beaten.. My only complaint was that Madrid lost, but can't blame the bar for that!
1) MacDouchebag's 2) MacDumbasses 3) MacD-ckwads 4) MacDDImplants 5) MacDeadinsides ......Shall I keep going....???
What would be a proper slogan for this place? MacDintons: I am only Irish in name and nothing more. OR Macdintons: I am a terribly overrated, overcrowded college bar OR Macdintons: Home of the diluted alcoholic drink Hmm... after careful deliberation, the winner is all of the above. Yes, Macdintons: The overrated, overcrowded college atmosphere Irish bar that is only Irish in name and wildly popular for serving diluted alcoholic mixed drinks. Save your money and just go for shots here. Seriously, I think i drank coke on the rocks. I would not be surprised if I was drinking RC Cola from Winn-Dixie they are so cheap. The ambiance reeks of a college bar, so be warned, but if that is your thing then you might like this bar. It really has no Irish pub charm, so if you are looking for that, look elsewhere. Its saving grace is the big patio area. I wold prefer not to come back to Macdintons again. FYI: If you leave your card over night, they will destroy it. You are warned.
Everytime I'm in Tampa, we end up here. Whether it's a nice night in November and we want to chill to some live music and cruise the meat that is the band (how you doin', bass player?) or we want to just be outside (January, when Chicago is 10 degrees withOUT wind chill) or when my friend wants to show me how she got my airfare for $100 round trip in July (they have MISTERS out on the patio!)*...this place does not disappoint. Love the giant patio here.  There's lots of seating and a huge bar outside for easy access to a frosty beverage.  There always seems to be something fun going on here, and it's a great place to just relax without being all fancy. No doubt, I'll be back! * This "Florida-in-July" incident led us to midnight swimming which led to a passive aggressive note in my best friend's housing community prohibiting "swimming after dusk."  Jerks.
I am ashamed to be considered a regular. Sigh. This place is frequented by a younger yuppie crowd... and Ed Hardy crowd. The decor of the place fits the name. It looks like an Irish pub. They serve the Guinness, the Harp, the Magners, but stay away from the new trend of craft beers. Not that they care, most of their income is probably from liquor. Don't eat here. I got a craving for Shephard's pie and they had a wing special so my boyfriend and I decided to go. It was a Monday, so it was slow which is unusual there, and great for us. The pie was overly salty, their wings had more bone than meat. During the World Cup I went there for the games, despite their lack of TVs. For the Super Bowl, they didn't even show many games. What made me swear off the place was the DJ for Karaoke. On many occasions my boyfriend and I went there since he likes to sing. The DJ is going through a midlife crisis, friending young patrons, hitting on other girls while his wife is present, picking favorites to skip the line. On my birthday my boyfriend asked guy if he could do anything to move him up in line. He suggested my boyfriend put $20 in his tip jar. Our song never played. I was angry and asked for the manager. A bartender said he'd be right by. The manager never came. So that is how much they care about customer service. The place must be ran by the same hollow headed idiots that frequent it. I avoid it at all costs.
Stopped in for St. Patty's lunch celebration and it was hoppin' at 1pm. It's a pretty large place and there were a good amount of TVs so we set up near a TV to watch some BBall. There was a buffet with potatoes, cabbage, shepards pie and corned beef. I went with ordering off the menu instead, went with the chicken fingers and potato chips. I should have went with the buffet. The chicken fingers were very overdone or maybe they just sat there for a long time cause they were like rubber. My boyfriend got the buffet and the shepards pie was to DIE FOR... or just bathe in, SO GOOD!  I have to say though, my chips were delicious, the fresh Irish potato chips, so good and salty. They did have Magners! #FTW  So maybe the food would have been better on a non-crazy day but I am stickin' with just A-OK for now. Our server was a sweetie too!
Basically I hated this place. Honestly I can say I didn't go to MacDintons with the best attitude; I had a preconceived notion and well...it completely lived up to it. The only reason I went was because I was hanging out with old girlfriends from high school that I hadn't seen in a couple of years and these are the type of places they enjoy. Every person that goes to these kinds of bars isn't a douchebag (my friends aren't), but the ones that are are so boisterous that it's easy to lump everyone together. First off, it took the bouncer like 5 minutes of back and fourth before he let me in. Then, I immediately got bumped into by a girl that proceed to murmur something like "does she not know who I am?" No girl, sorry I don't. My drink was way more soda than vodka and cost me like $5 for a single size...dumb! A handful of guys tried to play the "what race are you?" game with me - my favorite! I argued with a couple of them for almost 10 minutes about the fact that I am NOT Middle Eastern or Indian. Seriously? Even when I tried to walk away they called me something along the lines of a "suicide bombing bitch" - real princes. Not to mention whoever was singing karaoke BUTCHERED my favorite Pearl Jam song, but that doesn't  really have anything to do with the bar itself...I just wanted to put the rancid cherry on top of the freezer-burned ice cream cake. All in all, I don't know what it would take for me to EVER step foot back inside this douchebag-infested establishment...but it would have to be a big something.
Just not a fan of Irish pubs, and this place is no different.  We dropped in last night as party of our St. Patty's day affray and I was underwhelmed.  The layout of the place is large and could accommodate a nice size crowd, but I just wasn't feeling the frat kid clientele. The food smelled good, but by the time we worked up a hunger, they were completely sold out of everything. Probably won't return unless invited for a function/party/etc.
Some of the best times. Some of the worst times. A 6-8pm Friday Night at MacDintons is part of the quintessential Tampa experience...so do it (just don't plan anything after oooohhh say 10pm because you may be crawling to the cab). This place is a love to hate (not love or hate). It is trendy without a velvet rope. It is cheesy without tourists. It is huge, yet will eventually get you shoulder to shoulder. If you haven't been for a Thursday, Friday (6-8 All-U-Can-Drink) or Saturday night, then you are missing out. If you are into rugby and soccer, then it is the only place that I know of to catch European TV. And the hamburger stand in the parking lot is awesome.
I'll start by saying that MacDinton's is a good bar.  They have a great variety of booze and beer and the staff is generally pretty good about helping you out with your beverage selection.  As a soccer fan (kind of) I think it's nifty that they're willing to show matches and that they carry a lot of the EPL , UEFA, et al.  Even during prime drinking hours (after 9pm on weekends) they'll often have important matches playing throughout the inside of the bar with sound.  Again, there's not much you can knock this on their ability to serve quality drinks.   If only that were the whole story.  In my opinion this bar mostly suffers from being so popular.  Hear me out now. On weekends this place is absolutely packed, as in call the fire marshal packed.  At this point there you'll likely have trouble doing a lot of things, among them being: getting a drink or any kind of attention from a bartender, getting to the bathroom, walking around and forget about the ability to communicate with your companions.  As a non-douche I can also say that it is in fact filled with douches, they flock flock to this place.  But that's not without reason though.  Some of the most beautiful women in the Tampa Bay area also frequent this bar, so I guess they're just following the scent...
WTF?  I'm the first person to review MacDinton's?  This place is a great bar, and they even have some good food to boot!  The crowd is 21 to 35 year olds for the most part, with a peppering of some older folks to keep it interesting.  Great Thursday $10 all-you-can-drink special  from 6-8pm similar to Whiskey Park, but MacDinton's includes all the great beers they have on tap, and they give you pint glasses to drink.   Nice outdoor patio and plenty of room inside as well (live music too!), if you're in your twenties or thirties and haven't been here, then go...go ahead...right now!
Came to MacDintons last night (Wednesday night) to start the celebration of finals being over.  This will be the 1st of many nightlife reviews to come. We showed up around 9ish for their Open Bar (lasts from 9-11). I didn't drink from anything except the well so I can't really say much about their liquor.  We got our first drinks and the bartender was friendly to us. There was some people karaoke-ing inside and most of the peoples voices were decent enough to still enjoy being inside. There wasn't many places to sit though even though it wasn't packed. Outside they had heat-warmer poles which was nice because it was freaking cold! They had a beer pong tournament, but I didn't participate. Overall the place looked pretty nice and cozy. The crowd was alright..not too wild just chill really. We stayed for about an hour and a 1/2 then got bored and decided to head out. BTW as an FYI: since I recently turned 21 they asked me for 2 forms of identification and wouldn't let me in if I didn't have had my college id or debit card on me...so come prepared .
I dont even know where to start on this place. It fronts as an 'irish' bar. The name is as far as it goes with trying to be celtic themed. Pros: -Girls walking around with free samples of the featured liquor of the night -Several different bars and areas makes gettting a drink and changing scenery easy   Cons: -Gets packed -Meatface, sorority college crowd -Overpriced drinks -Area is terrible for parking This is a college bar, with college clientele. It gets packed to the point of NYC subway status on weekends. Going to this bar will be like revisiting all those frat parties you went to as a freshman. This place is saved from a 1 star just because i was there with people i liked. -
While I was a student at USF, I never went to MacDinton's. I came back to Tampa a few months ago to go to a football game. We went to MacDinton's one night because we heard from a few friends living in Tampa that it was a fun place. I was a little disappointed. They had an event going on outside where people could bring their dogs. I thought that was cute, but I was on vacation, so my pup wasn't with me to enjoy it. We sat inside near the bar. We ordered a few things to share from the menu- typical bar food, not the Irish fare I was expecting based on the decor. It feels like a cave inside. It's a little drafty and really rustic. It definitely gives off the Irish pub vibe. Food was average. They had a limited selection of beers. I think we asked for a few different pretty popular beers, and they didn't have most of them. Service was slow, but friendly. There was also valet. For a place like this, I would've preferred self parking, but we didn't see that as an option unless we found street parking. When I'm back in Tampa, I probably won't have MacDinton's on the top of my list for places to go. I've heard they have great happy hour specials, so that would be the only thing that might bring me back when I'm in town.
If you enjoy waiting in line at amusement parks you will love the wait at MacDintons. Wait to pay your cover, wait to get your drink, wait to get into the bathroom... this place is a zoo! The $10 happy hour is a great deal, but by the time I manage to get my bracelet and stand in line at the bar for a drink I am lucky to get 2 drinks. Not to mention the happy hour rum & cokes taste like rubbing alcohol!  My suggestion is to skip the bracelet line and just order a beer. MacDintons is a great scene for the poor college student, but I have outgrown this crowd. There are so many better bars in South Tampa for young professionals.
I am kind of glad I didn't yelp much before. Let me say I am not a big fan of macdintons. That I feel is the most important thing about a review. I can give credit where it's due. They have done alot in the last couple years in relation to crappy bathrooms, space and bars. It's exactly what I used to expect. The bathrooms are great now, the bars are plentiful and there's lots to see. I don't go there for food. I go there for good drink specials, to see friends and to make fun of people. I like the way they managed to expand the bar, without expanding the bar! They opened all these little nooks and rooms which still gives you that dubliner feel from place to place. On that note the humidity in the dubliner is disgusting always. "back to dintons" It is cool how you can walk around the bar for an hour and then the next day realize you totally missed someone you knew. Its a good thing because you might have only saw your friends once, but you also only saw that douche bag guy once. Onward. The food might be good. I don't eat it but J's grill is great late at night.  Dress as casual as you want. The mix is jersey shore to flip flops and tank tops "which I am not a fan of at all" but again its what it is, nobody touts it as a trendy hot spot or anything outlandish. It's just good deals, mostly normal people and BRING BACK URINAL SOCCER GOALS!!!
"Meh". Whenever I say "meh", its not gonna  be a good review. I've been here quite a few times and still I'm not a fan. I've always said this is the place to go if you want to find 9,420,395 frat boys in one spot. In other words its always crowded to the max and its not the classiest crowd. you have to wait an excessive amount of time to get in the door and again to get any drinks at the bar, as is the case in most places in south Tampa. Outside its hot and gross even at 1 am. Inside is packed and only slightly better as far as temp goes. The drinks are pricey. The music sucks unless ghetto rap or top 40 crap music is your preferred genre. It also really ticks me off that they require 2 forms of ID to get in. Give me a break. I've been over 21 for quite some time now and don't feel obligated to provide multiple forms of Id anymore to get in somewhere that isnt that great to begin with. The bouncers act cocky as if they are the hottest thing around. Last time I went with boyfriend they gave him a very hard time about only having his drivers license and no second ID (and let me just say he clearly does not look anywhere near the age of 21 or under so I can't imagine why they would make such a problem). Really I'm just not a fan overall and only plan to return if my friends absolutely insist on it. And even then I probably still won't go
I came to Tampa on Friday afternoon for a Bachelor Party. We flew in all around the country. I heard so much about MacDinton's and its $10 happy hour special. I thought this was such an amazing deal, i had to bring the 17 dudes. The happy hour started around 6pm but we arrived at 5:45 and there was already a line around the block. 6pm rolled around and they were still not letting ppl in... 6:10 rolls around and then they started letting ppl in. The deal was amazing but soon I found out it was too good to be true. The first bar we hit up outside for drinks, the bartender demanded a $1 tip for every drink or else he wasnt going to serve us.... This was BS. Sure i am glad to tip a bartender for great service and attitude but to demand it up front and not serve us? that's a little ridiculous. Im glad after we went inside the bartenders were nicer and didnt demand a tip. The mix of the bar was good. I would say the ratio was a good 50/50. Big groups of girls and big groups of guys but unfortunately for Tampa that weekend you had a HUGE group of 17  dudes destroying every ratio of every bar we walk into. The 2 hour happy hour was fun. Our bachelor got pretty sloppy and we moved on to our next stop after this... the lodge. Thank you MacDintons for a sloppy time. O yea the girls were good sports. We got them all to take pictures and joke with the bachelor
I was here for the American Outlaws pre-day game and Euro Cup watch parties when Tampa hosted this year's first United States Men's National Team World Cup qualifier in June against Antigua. The bar was pretty large and successfully fit the needs of around 200 people in our group seeking food and drink. My first night I had a very hard time receiving the proper long island iced tea. I asked a bartender (bar on the left as you walk in) to make it twice, and he failed both times. Finally I went to the other bar (bar on the right as you walk in), and an Indian guy made it perfectly. I gave him a 100% tip both days/nights for taking care of me. I did have the macaroni and cheese, which was deliciously baked. It was perfectly creamy and oozing with cheese. I realize you're asking, "How can you mess up mac and cheese?" but it is possible. Thankfully a mistake did not occur, as carbs were much-needed after the night-before party. Friday night after the game we decided to return to the bar, and that was a mistake. especially since there was a cover charge. Thursday night and Friday all day the bar appealed to the soccer crowd, showing the matches - allowing us to chant mercilessly, etc. Friday night was a totally different story. Friday night the bar turned into a hip hop wannabe night club, appealing to the plastered, air-headed girls with short dresses and metrosexual guys. I felt like we were in middle school when people huddled in cliques, stared at each other, and judged. It was just very odd because there were obviously two very different types of groups attempting to exist simultaneously. I would have given this bar four stars (especially due to the bartender saving me from bad long islands), but the atmosphere Friday night was such a drastic change that we were uncomfortable. We left. I would definitely come here again with the soccer crowd.
Terrible. No parking unless you want to pay, way overcrowded, food is tasteless unless you like salt, hotter than hell, and the staff is the same age as the clientele which explains the bad service. Went once in college and hated it and tried it again a couple years later and literally nothing has changed. The drinks are very watered down and half the beers they advertise are not on tap. It's definitely an amateur bar in an area with much nicer choices.
Nestled in the heart of douche baggery is an Irish flavored bar in Soho that my sisters can't get enough of. Smelling of a mixture of dank beer, and puke, the noise level kind of reminds me of my high school cafeteria. Fist pumping and meat marketing galore, the only real difference I can detect from this place and any of my go-to dives is the frat kid clientele. It must be said that when I have been dragged to this veritable swamp known for corralling large groups of hot sweaty sardine packed kids - they have been nothing but kind. And that's all I have to say about that.
1) MacDouchebag's 2) MacDumbasses 3) MacD-ckwads 4) MacDDImplants 5) MacDeadinsides ......Shall I keep going....???
Basically I hated this place. Honestly I can say I didn't go to MacDintons with the best attitude; I had a preconceived notion and well...it completely lived up to it. The only reason I went was because I was hanging out with old girlfriends from high school that I hadn't seen in a couple of years and these are the type of places they enjoy. Every person that goes to these kinds of bars isn't a douchebag (my friends aren't), but the ones that are are so boisterous that it's easy to lump everyone together. First off, it took the bouncer like 5 minutes of back and fourth before he let me in. Then, I immediately got bumped into by a girl that proceed to murmur something like "does she not know who I am?" No girl, sorry I don't. My drink was way more soda than vodka and cost me like $5 for a single size...dumb! A handful of guys tried to play the "what race are you?" game with me - my favorite! I argued with a couple of them for almost 10 minutes about the fact that I am NOT Middle Eastern or Indian. Seriously? Even when I tried to walk away they called me something along the lines of a "suicide bombing bitch" - real princes. Not to mention whoever was singing karaoke BUTCHERED my favorite Pearl Jam song, but that doesn't  really have anything to do with the bar itself...I just wanted to put the rancid cherry on top of the freezer-burned ice cream cake. All in all, I don't know what it would take for me to EVER step foot back inside this douchebag-infested establishment...but it would have to be a big something.
Some of the best times. Some of the worst times. A 6-8pm Friday Night at MacDintons is part of the quintessential Tampa experience...so do it (just don't plan anything after oooohhh say 10pm because you may be crawling to the cab). This place is a love to hate (not love or hate). It is trendy without a velvet rope. It is cheesy without tourists. It is huge, yet will eventually get you shoulder to shoulder. If you haven't been for a Thursday, Friday (6-8 All-U-Can-Drink) or Saturday night, then you are missing out. If you are into rugby and soccer, then it is the only place that I know of to catch European TV. And the hamburger stand in the parking lot is awesome.
I'll start by saying that MacDinton's is a good bar.  They have a great variety of booze and beer and the staff is generally pretty good about helping you out with your beverage selection.  As a soccer fan (kind of) I think it's nifty that they're willing to show matches and that they carry a lot of the EPL , UEFA, et al.  Even during prime drinking hours (after 9pm on weekends) they'll often have important matches playing throughout the inside of the bar with sound.  Again, there's not much you can knock this on their ability to serve quality drinks.   If only that were the whole story.  In my opinion this bar mostly suffers from being so popular.  Hear me out now. On weekends this place is absolutely packed, as in call the fire marshal packed.  At this point there you'll likely have trouble doing a lot of things, among them being: getting a drink or any kind of attention from a bartender, getting to the bathroom, walking around and forget about the ability to communicate with your companions.  As a non-douche I can also say that it is in fact filled with douches, they flock flock to this place.  But that's not without reason though.  Some of the most beautiful women in the Tampa Bay area also frequent this bar, so I guess they're just following the scent...
Came here during a conference weekend. This place is an ode to the college days. Huge outdoor area with crowded tables and people standing and drinking idly. This place is something like a mega bar with both indoor and outdoor areas.  There is a DJ outside playing Top 20 hits and some dancing occurs on the small makeshift stage.  All in all this place is reminiscent of the ultimate college experience with massive amounts of mid twenty individuals getting liquored up under the stars and throwing caution to the wind.  Parking can get ugly, but if your lucky you can bribe a parking attendant in the strip mall next door with a $5.
WTF?  I'm the first person to review MacDinton's?  This place is a great bar, and they even have some good food to boot!  The crowd is 21 to 35 year olds for the most part, with a peppering of some older folks to keep it interesting.  Great Thursday $10 all-you-can-drink special  from 6-8pm similar to Whiskey Park, but MacDinton's includes all the great beers they have on tap, and they give you pint glasses to drink.   Nice outdoor patio and plenty of room inside as well (live music too!), if you're in your twenties or thirties and haven't been here, then go...go ahead...right now!
I dont even know where to start on this place. It fronts as an 'irish' bar. The name is as far as it goes with trying to be celtic themed. Pros: -Girls walking around with free samples of the featured liquor of the night -Several different bars and areas makes gettting a drink and changing scenery easy   Cons: -Gets packed -Meatface, sorority college crowd -Overpriced drinks -Area is terrible for parking This is a college bar, with college clientele. It gets packed to the point of NYC subway status on weekends. Going to this bar will be like revisiting all those frat parties you went to as a freshman. This place is saved from a 1 star just because i was there with people i liked. -
I am kind of glad I didn't yelp much before. Let me say I am not a big fan of macdintons. That I feel is the most important thing about a review. I can give credit where it's due. They have done alot in the last couple years in relation to crappy bathrooms, space and bars. It's exactly what I used to expect. The bathrooms are great now, the bars are plentiful and there's lots to see. I don't go there for food. I go there for good drink specials, to see friends and to make fun of people. I like the way they managed to expand the bar, without expanding the bar! They opened all these little nooks and rooms which still gives you that dubliner feel from place to place. On that note the humidity in the dubliner is disgusting always. "back to dintons" It is cool how you can walk around the bar for an hour and then the next day realize you totally missed someone you knew. Its a good thing because you might have only saw your friends once, but you also only saw that douche bag guy once. Onward. The food might be good. I don't eat it but J's grill is great late at night.  Dress as casual as you want. The mix is jersey shore to flip flops and tank tops "which I am not a fan of at all" but again its what it is, nobody touts it as a trendy hot spot or anything outlandish. It's just good deals, mostly normal people and BRING BACK URINAL SOCCER GOALS!!!
I came to Tampa on Friday afternoon for a Bachelor Party. We flew in all around the country. I heard so much about MacDinton's and its $10 happy hour special. I thought this was such an amazing deal, i had to bring the 17 dudes. The happy hour started around 6pm but we arrived at 5:45 and there was already a line around the block. 6pm rolled around and they were still not letting ppl in... 6:10 rolls around and then they started letting ppl in. The deal was amazing but soon I found out it was too good to be true. The first bar we hit up outside for drinks, the bartender demanded a $1 tip for every drink or else he wasnt going to serve us.... This was BS. Sure i am glad to tip a bartender for great service and attitude but to demand it up front and not serve us? that's a little ridiculous. Im glad after we went inside the bartenders were nicer and didnt demand a tip. The mix of the bar was good. I would say the ratio was a good 50/50. Big groups of girls and big groups of guys but unfortunately for Tampa that weekend you had a HUGE group of 17  dudes destroying every ratio of every bar we walk into. The 2 hour happy hour was fun. Our bachelor got pretty sloppy and we moved on to our next stop after this... the lodge. Thank you MacDintons for a sloppy time. O yea the girls were good sports. We got them all to take pictures and joke with the bachelor
If you've been to Tampa, you've probably been to MacDinton's. It's expanded a lot in the past few years, so it's lost a bit of it's "Irish Pub" charm. It's still a fun place with a lot of specials to check out, and it's pet friendly during the day. Even when MacDinton's is busy (which is often) the service is great!
Soooooo.... its been many, many years since I darkened the door of this joint... and yeah, it seems about the same as ever... although they have cleaned up the parking lot (with mandatory valet) probably to control who parks there in an area with never enough parking. Happy hour drinks were cheap, but really a little weak - OK - a lot weak actually. Meh. Allegedly they have food but I've never even considered ordering any. I've never been able to figure out the interior decor. The ceilings are too low and the maze of stone faced rooms makes me believe they lifted the place from the Shire and added a bar. I guess if I wanted to hit on passably attractive former sorority girls and drink beer I'd be a huge fan... but yeah, not really my thing. Now I remember why I haven't been here in a decade or more...
It is what it is... which is a fun college/post college bar that has great weeknight drink specials. If you're looking for authentic Irish culture, go to Dubliner, Four Green Fields or O'Brien's. But if you want a fun gathering place with a group of friends that's often packed and where you might run into anyone that lives in Tampa, it's a great place to be. It has a large outside bar, three smaller outside ones, three more inside as well, and sometimes you still have to wait for a drink. The inside stage has different acts (some nights karaoke, some nights a DJ, but usually a live band on weekends), and gives you a different vibe from the almost tiki bar feel when you're outside. And the portable heaters make the rare Tampa coldsnap tolerable even if you're outside. If you're a soccer fan, it's a great bar to check out EPL, UEFA, and big La Liga or Serie A matches during the day. Some of the big English matches draw great crowds, as well as the Old Firm, even with 10am kickoffs. On some nights you will see more than your fair share of Ed Hardy and Affliction shirts, but you'll also see some young professionals sharing a beer or two after work. Since a big portion of it is outside, the dress ranges from business casual to flip-flops and board shorts. It's probably South Tampa's signature bar, for better or for worse. I vote that's for the better
This bar is great for groups! There's the inside bar with a live band playing soft rock covers, affordable drinks and a fun college crowd of Floridians and out-of-town revelers. We hit this Irish pub after the Gasparilla Day parade, so dipsomaniacs were out in droves. There was a $10 cover (BOO) and a line to get it (I'm assuming these factors stay the same on most weekend nights, but call to confirm the cover) They also have a grill going outside if you need nourishment besides frothy suds but there's a shopping center right next door with Jimmy Johns and awesome pizza too. All in all, pissed I paid a cover but a great place to start before heading to the Tampa Hard Rock Casino!!
MacDintons is all about volume and has become the ultimate college bar in S. Tampa.  If you're single in Tampa and want to rub elbows with some good looking people, then this is your place. If you don't like massive crowds, then stay away on Fridays during happy hour.  The vibe is MUCH more laid back in the afternoon on the weekend and it is an excellent place to catch a soccer game on the tube. If I were 25, I would probably give this bar 5 stars.
MacDinton's is a great little melting pot in the heart of South Tampa. It gets pretty packed on the weekends, but you can usually still manage to find somewhere near the bar, even if it's standing room only. I prefer to hang out at the outside bar or at the tables if they're available. The thing I like about MacDinton's is that so many of the bartenders are actually Irish. It just lends a more authentic touch to the venue. And, I'll be honest; when it comes to someone pouring my hard cider, I just trust the Irish more. The large outdoor patio area is really what keeps me coming back. I'm not much for squeezing into a crowded room of sweaty 20-somethings (and a few 50-somethings with creepy eyes - you know who you are), but if that's your scene, the indoor area is also pretty large. The food is actually pretty good, too. I once took a gamble and ordered a late night tuna sandwich and it was delicious. They always have my Magner's cider on hand so they won my heart a long time ago. If I'm down in South Tampa, MacDinton's is usually where I end up.
I am way too old to be hanging out at this place. Typical college, young 20's hangout. Guys with a chip on their shoulders, girls who dress like they are going to the prom, women wear clothes that they fit in 30 pounds ago, terrible parking, warm beers BUT excellent people watching. My gf, her sister and I had a good time making fun of everyone and just chilling out. Gets very busy on Fri/Sat nights.
The beer selection was wonderful.  They had something for everybody.  My only complaint is that the size of the bar was very inconvenient for the crowds it gets.  I am aware this is a bit out of their control, but it still left me with a possibly skewed opinion of the place as it was elbow-to-elbow.  But at the time I went there, they were one of the few Florida bars to carry Brahma Beer, so I thought that was pretty cool...
Yeah, you could say I am a fan.. or need to go to an AA meeting. This is my tried and true place to go to hang out and have a couple drinks. On a warm summer night, this place can't be beat. Good music, drinks and food. Um yeah, I wouldn't say it's the classiest place in TB and yes, there are "bro's" and "ho's" but it's a fun time, every time and I don't think you can ask for much more. Oh yeah, and I can walk home.. maybe I am a bit biased ;)
I like this place but I'm not crazy about it. The drinks were really pricey and our bartender was rude. I'm not sure if I'd go back. May try to find another Irish pub with friendlier staff. The best part was the outdoor bit with the lighted tree.
If you are looking for a cool bar to hang out, this is a great place to go to. The prices won't kill you and while it does get a bit crowded, you are not getting the newbies in college. A better crowd than what you'll find in Ybor.
MacD's isn't bad if you're one for crowded/loud bars, which for me can be a lot of fun if I'm with the right people. My nights in Soho usually end up here (if not, we at least always stop by for a drink or two). They've always got a cover band and that can be hit or miss depending on what songs they're plaing. A decent selection of beer is a great perk too.     There always seems to be a very mixed crowd there but, for the most part, young; so don't be a creeper if you're hitting 40!
I can totally picture this place being packed on the weekends! This past Monday night we sat on the expansive deck, chatting with friends, meandering inside only when the need overtook us. It's a great area to hang out and, being right on a popular bar street, great for people watching. I CAN say the beers were cold and the drinks were good; and service was quick and friendly. We'd already eaten elsewhere so perhaps we can savor their menu next time. Yes, I want to be there on a busier evening and (perhaps) update my stars :)
The place was fine.. I LOVED LOVED LOVED the price for VALET PARKING 3$ !!!!!!!!!!!! Specially bcs the area sucksssss for parking. It gets really crowded.. like really.. The thing that will make me go back there: They have Karaoke!!! and well that is always fun. Prices are ok. nothing out of the world. same as other bars. The people meehhh... I don't think I saw one girl with dark hair.. I think there was a sale in peroxide in Tampa. My friends from SoFlo were really surprised. Beings latinas it was kind of weird, but nothing we have not experienced before. The music was okay. There were two or three songs that I felt like dancing to.. Other than that.. A lot of rap.. (and im not a rap, hip hop, r&b, soul, reggae kinda person) Overall it was ok.. a good place to chill.. and I guess to sing too :)
MacDinton's is the spot to be on Friday nights. They're $10 all you can drink special is amazing and draws in a crowd. One would think the After work special would brig in professionals ready to relax, instead you get the college crowd dressed to impressed. For $10 you get a pretty nice selection of hard liquor and whatever is on draft (Guiness, Newcastle, Heinecken, etc.) which is a nice selection ranging from popular brews to International brews. Granted this place might not maintain the traditional Irish pub feel, but it does have the "friendly" feel that you find in Irish pubs around the globe. So got nothing to do on a Friday evening, then head Macdinton's good brew, a lot of people, and be sure to try the Irish Nachos, they are on point.
I'm not a beer person, nor am I a outside frat bar type of person. I don't know if it was the weather or the fun people around but this place was pretty awesome. I adored the amazing BLUEBERRY BEER! This was my first encounter with this tasteful beauty.  I loved the fresh blueberries that reside on the bottom.   There is an interesting crowd of people ranging from grown up frat boys to business men to weed smoking hippies.  It seemed to need more seating.  But above all I enjoyed it and will come back.
Came here for lunch with the family...this is about as average as a bar gets. Food was okay - not great, and the appetizers came out with the rest of the food so there wasn't room at the table for everything.  The place was pretty empty but I suspect that's just during the day.  Very dark and dingy...also they could use a more impressive beer list considering they are an Irish pub.
This place gets 5 stars for the 10 dollar all you can drink happy hour from 6-8pm on Fridays. By the time that's over, the place is irreparably crowded and it's time to go eat some dinner and chill out.The beer selection is perfect, they've got all the right mixed drinks, but it's just too crowded. The crowd is 25 year olds. Well, that means college freshmen who are trying to look 25 and that also means 40 year olds trying to look 25, so that interaction is entertaining to be certain. But, if you're looking for a place to hang out and take it easy, this is probably the last place you should look.
I always come here when I visit Tampa because it seems to be the place to be. I probably wouldn't come here of my own volition. Not that it's a bad place. As a devoted Boston hipster, I really want to hate MacD's, scornfully, over a pair of horn-rimmed glasses and a big pint of Belgian beer served in the proper glassware. And I kind of do hate it. For its inherent frattiness, for the gleeful crowds that flock to its various cheap beer and liquor happy hours, for the fact that a local professional athlete "iced" my little brother here once (ok, that actually makes me love it more). But I can't hate a place that allows, nay encourages, puppies on their patio on Sundays. Puppies! Puppies and beer! And TVs with sports! Oh my! It's a good soccer bar, by the way. There are "football" scarves all over the wall. Anyway, in short: cavernous and strange inside, nice patio outside, darts and flip-cup tables, cheap booze on "special nights", gets super crowded, karaoke, smart enough to schedule karaoke on aforementioned cheap booze nights. Good times are, more often than not, always had here.
I like MacDinton's... a lot. It is easily my goto bar in the SoHo area. The have to the $10 bottom-less cup, all you can drink special and it certainly draws in a wide range of people. There are many areas inside and out to hang out; not to mention there's dancing and good music. I really like MacDinton's because it is extremely reasonable in terms of price and there are some very nice looking ladies there.
I don't understand why this place is so popular.. If you're down to hang out with a bunch of "Bros" or classless women then MacDintons is your place. I'll break it down for you all: Are you young and looking to party it up, possibly hook up and make questionable decisions while spending too much money that isn't yours because you don't pay rent in mom's basement? You'll love it here! Are you a responsible adult who likes to have a few drinks, talk with people (friends or the people sitting next to you), and not blow the bank because you actually have adult purchases in your life to budget for? You'll hate it here. You make the choice. Me? I'd rather pay my bills on time, save for some vacation and not become an unlucky victim of some bouncer on a power trip. I love my wallet and my sanity, so I hate MacDintons. If you want to go out in Tampa,  there is so many other places this town has to offer!
I would not recommend this place to anyone. The female bartender in the main bar and the security are very rude and immature. You will see from their ignorant comments and arrogant behavior that they confuse  doucheness with authoritativeness. Oh, and don't think the manager will assist or appease any issue(s) because he is unprofessional and unreasonable as well. Just stay away from this place.
This place is horrible. It pretty much is the symbol of the worst of everything in Tampa, a city where there is actually a lot of good. Looks like Ed Hardy threw up, and the women (I'm sure there is a hidden exception here and there but still...) are plastic and dumb. Harsh but painfully accurate I promise.
This is the spot to be if you don't want to drink alone. that's for sure.
It's a decent club but really overrated to be honest. For years this has been lauded as one of the "it" places in SoHo and I just don't see it.
This review is regarding Macdinton's burger. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger (medium) and got an overcooked dry burger. The toasted bun was more like an almost burnt bun. I would definitely suggest ordering anything else on the menu. Regardless of the burger the place has a cool atmosphere during happy hour.
MacDinton's is a decent pub, but its far too crowded. Its great Irish ambiance is lost with the wall-to-wall, elbow-to-elbow, SO-HO crowd. The bartenders are ok, but the bartenders at O'Briens and Four Green Fields are much more friendly.
Ugh.  I went here for Saint Patrick's Day and had some of the worst drinks of my life.  If the only good beer (Hacker Pschorr Weisse) hadn't gone out five minutes after we got there, the night might have been better... i.e. I would have been boozed up enough to disregard the fact that the crowd was full of annoying fratboys who wouldn't know good beer if it bit them on the ass.  Also, we couldn't find a place (table, stool, high-top, etc) to settle in the entire night.  Granted, it was Saint Patty's Day and we were at an "Irish" pub, but still... it sucked... like the bad margaritas I was forced to get.
Slam-ass-packed, full of dbags, over priced & hotter than hell. Also: Drinks are overpriced but for some reason everyone always wants to go there.
I love MacDinton's and I always find myself there. This is the popular spot. It can be a different experience depending on where you go. They have a ridiculous happy hour on Friday nights and Wednesday nights with $10 all you can drink and it can get really packed with lots of beautiful young ladies and anyone who likes beautiful young ladies. If there is a big soccer match going on, you see a good crowd of excited soccer fans. On a kickball night you see lots of WAKA Kickball players enjoying themselves in their team t-shirts. The Karaoke scene is also pretty entertaining. Even if you aren't into Karaoke you can still be at MacDinton's and hang out in their outdoor bar area and not have to listen if you don't want to. They also have live bands play fairly regularly. If you are hungry the food is pretty good too. Nothing fancy, just good well prepared pub style food. If you are looking for a true Irish pub, this isn't it (try Four Green Fields) but its definitely one of the better bars in the Tampa Bar area.
I guess it is ok - on a Friday or Saturday night it can get pretty pretentious.  Like Suzanne said, its a bunch of frat boys and sorority girls who like to sport the pricey drinks like an accessory.  Also, the crowds on the weekends are way too big.  If you don't mind being shoulder to shoulder all night, then I'm sure it can be a riot.
MacDintons has a $10 all you can drink so that's always nice. The only bad thing I have to say is that when it gets really crowded, there isn't much room to move around. There is an outside patio people can go onto, but there is still not much open room when it gets filled, especially on the weekend.
Oh God. $10 happy hour from 6-8 on a Friday? Are you JOKING me? One drink in Boston will set you back $10. I had to take advantage of this and boy... did I take advantage of this. Drinks were good, drinks were STRONG. I obviously also bought some shots which were literally three shots in one. They served them in regular plastic cups and were more than half full. Vegas Bombs! The scene was cool, laid back, good music. I like the outdoor area too with the misters! I wish we had places like this in Boston.
Fun place to have a drink.
MacDintons came recommended by a local we had met at another bar in Tampa and so our group of 9 went to check it out one Saturday evening for some Bachelorette festivities. We had a fun time, mostly spending our night at & around the "Tree Bar". The drinks are served in small plastic cups and if you stand too close to the doors going inside, you're caught in a crossfire of competing jams from both areas. Way too warm to stay inside for longer than a bathroom break...maybe since it was only mid-April they hadn't cranked the AC yet? Place was hoppin' though!
Will say this definitely more of a 25 and younger than anything else, but they have great music and a delicious Amaretto Sour.  It is mostly patio which if you hate crowds and humidity, then you will be displeased.
This is a good bar in the South Howard area of South Tampa. Its pretty much jam packed Wednesday through Saturday nights. Good place to watch a soccer game or any game for that matter. They have atone of televisions and a huge outdoor deck that is great during the cooler months but they have installed misters now to ease the heat a bit. Food is your typical pub fare with some traditional Irish/English dishes
Food isn't that great but Thursday nights are good if you and your friends just want to get a beer and sing kareoke. I had a great time with the $1 miller lites. The open bar on Fridays is great too.
fun in the afternoons to watch soccer and Sunday afternoons on the patio.  5 stars. Weekend nights too crowded and meaty for me.  2 stars.
We went here for drinks on a Saturday night.  I did not read any reviews prior to coming here but was given the recommendation from a local Tampa resident.  Overall, the bar was a lot of fun.  Definitely a large place with many different rooms and outside areas.  The crowd was the 20/30 something crowd and it was a fun place to enjoy drinks, music and meet new people.  Definitely worth returning too.
Great happy hour spot with a young college crowd.
I really like to go here for karaoke night (wed). They offer an indoor and outdoor area, but what places doesn't offer that in Tampa. The happy hour time is great. On the weekends though, it is super crowded...like body touching to get through the crowd. On the plus no one ever gets crazy about it and you just say excuse me.
The SoHo area is really convenient for me and my friends but MacDinton's is easily my favorite spot around there. Thursdays are always a blast. Weekends are fun, but then again, what place isn't fun on weekends?
Average bar...nothing great, but nothing terrible....I know it's not the bars fault, but the fact that there are so many people smoking left me feeling grateful to leave and breath in fresh air.
What do I think of Macdinton's...hmm.  It reminds me of a hangover.  You hate a hangover because it makes you worthless and feel like crap, but at the same time you welcome the hangover because it gives you an excuse to eat really greasy food and watch movies all day. Macdinton's is good because they offer $10 all-you-can-drink for two hours (which just happens to be a lot), but sucks because they have only one tiny bathroom but let in around 800 people (no exaggeration) to stand shoulder to shoulder with you and do battle at the various bars around the venue. The bartenders are less than friendly, and not afraid to let you know that they work for tips only during happy hour( ALWAYS take care of your bartenders and waiters by the way). They have a decent beer selection...better than average anyways. When it's not so crowded, the place is nice, and has various places to sit and drink and talk and drink and play darts and drink. Prices outside of  Happy Hour are nothing special, but the location of the bar is reason for this. Speaking of the location, it's good. Plenty of restaurants and other drinking options are around. There are always a decent amount of cuties around! If they added another FREAKING bathroom this place would easily get bumped to a 4-star rating. Do I want to go to MacDinton's again...not really, but I know I'll be back, and not just once, but probably twice a month. MacDinton's = a Hangover.
I have a special place in my heart for MacDinton's. When I first moved to Tampa, it was the best place for happy hour - lots of young professionals and plenty of room to move. By the time we moved from Tampa 3 years later, it had been overrun with college kids. Not so great for your single friends that might want to meet a guy or two. It just gets so freaking crowded, which made me never want to go, but the outdoor patio (and live band) gets me every time. Thursday is karaoke night, which is amusing to say the least. Don't eat the food here, though - it's really not very good.
We went there to watch a soccer game. Very crowded but fun! The screens could be a bit bigger, and better located, but the enthusiastic crowd made more than up for it. On the downside, the 2-for-1 beer special did not work for us: They declared themselves out of the particular "special beer" (Peroni/Urquell) when we came back for the second one. The air conditioning also lacked seriously, but I guess that is what you get when there are ~200 screaming and sweating soccer fans in the same room. Free valet parking was a plus, but they lost our keys and it took a while to recover them.
I purchased a coupon worth $30 in food through Crowd Savings.  On the coupon it said that you could only redeem the coupon from Mon - Thurs from 4-7 PM and they would give you a gift card.  We found ourselves in the area on a Saturday for Lunch.  I asked my server if there was any way we could use the certificate before we ordered drinks.  The server took it and then came back to take our order, no mention of the certificate.  We ordered drinks, then appetizers, the lunch.  We were there for 2 hours.  Only at the end, right before I asked for the bill did she come back and tell me that the manager said we couldn't use the certificate.  They got me!!!  It only got worse from here when I told the waitress that we were going to split the bill and she came back with 100% on my card.  Ridiculously bad service and a terrible way to make a new customer ever want to come back.  Now I have a $30 certificate to a restaurant I never want to set foot in again!  Great Job MacDintons!!!!!!!!!!!
