We snagged a table by the window on a chilly Saturday night and about an hour later there was a line. Despite filling up it never was loud, and the tables weren't on top of one another like many restaurants. It was intimate but not pretentious. We started with salads: the small caesar for him and the small cafe (hearts of palm, black olives, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and croutons) with balsamic for me. Both were decent size for their small price tag (4.50). The croutons were crunchy and airy. From the appetizer menu he had the veggie quesadilla and the sauteed veggies with cheddar and feta were packed with flavor. Sour cream and salsa accompanied the four wedges. I had the Neapolitan pasta: fusilli pasta with sauteed mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, black olives, walnuts and artichoke hearts tossed in a pesto olive oil sauce and topped with ricotta. It was delicious and enough for two meals. The sauce was a bit oily. Nice vibe, cool bar area and nice artwork. Nothing overly special, but a decent meal in Hyde Park Village.
She's a Keeper! I found the Wine Exchange to be a refreshing place for a lite mid-week dinner and glass of wine. Looking for something different, I tried the "Numanthia Termes / Tempranillo / Toro" red which came from a 50 year old vintage.  I noticed that this particular wine had many hidden flavors and depth of  taste vs. the more moderately priced Malbec on the menu.  If you're a Pinot Noir drinker, I've enjoyed the "Matua / New Zealand" red in the past which was also delightful. The soup of the day was a cajun black bean and it was really fantastic.  Just the right amount of spice with carrots and other vegetables to add texture and flavor versatility. Looking to pace myself with my entree, I ordered the Portobello Stacker from the appetizers section of the menu and added grilled chicken which turned out to be a perfect portion for an entree.   I am newer to the area and I'm always surprised at how desolate the Hyde Park downtown area is with Timpano and the Wine Exchange as exceptions to this observation.  Does everyone stick to Howard / Macdill during the evening? Why are there so many storefront vacancies? Tip: Staff seems to be GLBT friendly!
I have been to Wine Exchange several times now and feel like every time I go back I leave more underwhelmed than the last. I do like that it is a nice yet casual place where I can grab a drink, sit out on the patio and even bring my dog. Unfortunately I haven't had great experiences with servers. They were either non attentive or very much lacking personality. Food wise nothing has really blown me away and I don't like how limited the options are for sides, not to mention the rather expensive up-charge to do a side salad instead. All in all not a bad place, I wanted to love it but unfortunately I can't say I do.
Only stopped in for a few drinks before Music Fest, but will for sure come back and try the menu. Drinks were quite reasonable ($3.50 flavored Smirnoff and whatever to get you in the mood for some live jazz), and the atmosphere was bustling but still quiet enough that you could hear a conversation. The wine list was quite extensive, and the staff friendly. Hyde Park needs to make a comeback and I hope places like this are what can rally the neighborhood. There's so much great space down there that's not getting used presently, and it's in such a wonderful location. Looking forward to a more extensive review once I can see what's on the menu!
Nice little place for a date night or a girls night out, or even with a group of friends. Most of their seating is on the patio, which at this time of year is enclosed. It's cozy out there, so you don't really feel like you're on the back porch, and they are equipped with fans and these sweet heaters that keep you cozy. I've been here twice; once with friends and once for a date night. When with a group, we also sat on the patio, and the service was great, food was satisfactory, but it got a bit loud and echo-y, so not the best location for like a book club, or if you're getting to know people in a large group. When I went with my man for date night, it was perfect for being able to talk to each other. As luck would have it, we were actually seated at a table right next to a table where two of our friends were sitting, and we had no problem conversing with them from our seats. So I guess noise level depends on the time and the size of your group. Heck, our group could have been one of the ones making all the noise! Nice wine and cocktail selection, but the food menu isn't that large. However, it is diverse. They have some unique appetizers, limited soup selection, but several salads and sandwiches. The entree selection is pretty good, ranging from pastas to chicken and steak and seafood. Many of the pastas looked really good. Entrees range from $12 to $18 (most of them) with a steak at $24. The pizzas are around $11 and DELICIOUS. We ordered an Athenian and a Wingin' It and both were scrumptious. I'd go back just for those. The artichoke hears were full of flavor and the crust was definitely to my liking. My mango martini was alright, and can't be beat for $5. I've also had their moscato which was pretty good. I just have a hard time ordering glasses of wine for $8 or $9 knowing I can get a whole bottle for a few dollars more at the liquor store. But indulging every once in awhile is nice. Service was pretty good when with a group of 10, but last night on our date night, it was just okay. The manager was there and seemed attentive, but no one really checked on us for drink refills and things. My glass sat empty a few times, and I just felt a little abandoned. They were semi-busy, but there seemed to be lots of servers and the manager, but maybe we looked a little too content to bother. ;)
A favorite for my wife and I.  We visit a few times a month, at least.  The wine list is constantly changing, and it's nice to have a place that can get away with not having the same mass-marketed wines as typical places.  If you don't drink wine, they also have some decent beers on tap (Dogfish 90, Bells Two Hearted Ale, etc). The food specials are also constantly changing, and are typically excellent.  I've had everything from orange-glazed duck, to grilled fish sandwiches with some type of banana sauce on top, to cheese stuffed pork chops (amazing).  Their salads are enormous and you can tell they use extremely fresh ingredients.  The baked brie appetizer is solid... more than enough food alone for two people having a small lunch with a glass of wine or beer. Another great thing about Wine Exchange is the outdoor seating area.  They allow dogs out there, usually have fans on during hot weather, and are very quick to bring your dog a water dish for your table. Ask for Thomas to be your server.
If there is a god, she eats here! My first experience at Wine Exchange was a memorable one! A friend from work recommended we try it for our May meeting and I'm so happy she did. It's located in cute "Hyde Park" with garage parking just up the street. We arrived first for lunch and it was a good thing - it got full fast! I loved the inside decor, very edgy and cozy, if that's at all possible. The front seating is set next to full wall windows - the natural lighting gives it a clean-crisp feeling. Put it this way, I usually only snap a shot or two for a reveiw but I ended up posting 5! I could've even shot the bathroom it was so pretty but I figured I'd spare you all my nerdiness. Bread and olive oil is served. 2 of us ordered the fantabulous grape-pecan chicken salads, 1 ordered french dip (she loved), and 1 ordered a lunch special - pork chop with roasted garlic mash, corn saute & strawberry sauce (I sampled this & can't wait to go back again to order it). Prices were very reasonable for the size dish you receive. Service was very friendly and ultra fast (per 1st review-server broke up the bill). Wine Exchange has moved to the top of my list -yay!
I've been to the wine echange twice now and would recommend it to most people, whether you are into wine or not. The bar itself is pretty cozy and you can sit and enjoy a drink while watching a game on one of the 2 small flatscreens. The decor is sleek and modern which is a little unique for tampa to begin with. There seems to be a slightly older clientele in the evening hours (40's-50's) rather than a younger single crowd, however I have heard their happy hour is quite good 4-7 but have not been myself. I would recommend this place to guys as a date place, to ladies for a girl night out, etc. The food is great and reasonable in price (12-20$) the chili rubbed flank steak is my favorite. EXTENSIVE wine list as well as wines by the glass is a big plus. There's an outdoor patio which is also a nice change of pace on cooler tampa evenings. Overall i think its a place to enjoy over and over again.
She's a Keeper! I found the Wine Exchange to be a refreshing place for a lite mid-week dinner and glass of wine. Looking for something different, I tried the "Numanthia Termes / Tempranillo / Toro" red which came from a 50 year old vintage.  I noticed that this particular wine had many hidden flavors and depth of  taste vs. the more moderately priced Malbec on the menu.  If you're a Pinot Noir drinker, I've enjoyed the "Matua / New Zealand" red in the past which was also delightful. The soup of the day was a cajun black bean and it was really fantastic.  Just the right amount of spice with carrots and other vegetables to add texture and flavor versatility. Looking to pace myself with my entree, I ordered the Portobello Stacker from the appetizers section of the menu and added grilled chicken which turned out to be a perfect portion for an entree.   I am newer to the area and I'm always surprised at how desolate the Hyde Park downtown area is with Timpano and the Wine Exchange as exceptions to this observation.  Does everyone stick to Howard / Macdill during the evening? Why are there so many storefront vacancies? Tip: Staff seems to be GLBT friendly!
I have been to Wine Exchange several times now and feel like every time I go back I leave more underwhelmed than the last. I do like that it is a nice yet casual place where I can grab a drink, sit out on the patio and even bring my dog. Unfortunately I haven't had great experiences with servers. They were either non attentive or very much lacking personality. Food wise nothing has really blown me away and I don't like how limited the options are for sides, not to mention the rather expensive up-charge to do a side salad instead. All in all not a bad place, I wanted to love it but unfortunately I can't say I do.
Only stopped in for a few drinks before Music Fest, but will for sure come back and try the menu. Drinks were quite reasonable ($3.50 flavored Smirnoff and whatever to get you in the mood for some live jazz), and the atmosphere was bustling but still quiet enough that you could hear a conversation. The wine list was quite extensive, and the staff friendly. Hyde Park needs to make a comeback and I hope places like this are what can rally the neighborhood. There's so much great space down there that's not getting used presently, and it's in such a wonderful location. Looking forward to a more extensive review once I can see what's on the menu!
A favorite for my wife and I.  We visit a few times a month, at least.  The wine list is constantly changing, and it's nice to have a place that can get away with not having the same mass-marketed wines as typical places.  If you don't drink wine, they also have some decent beers on tap (Dogfish 90, Bells Two Hearted Ale, etc). The food specials are also constantly changing, and are typically excellent.  I've had everything from orange-glazed duck, to grilled fish sandwiches with some type of banana sauce on top, to cheese stuffed pork chops (amazing).  Their salads are enormous and you can tell they use extremely fresh ingredients.  The baked brie appetizer is solid... more than enough food alone for two people having a small lunch with a glass of wine or beer. Another great thing about Wine Exchange is the outdoor seating area.  They allow dogs out there, usually have fans on during hot weather, and are very quick to bring your dog a water dish for your table. Ask for Thomas to be your server.
Nice menu selection of pizzas, salads, entrees, and pasta at dinner. Good drink specials. I love their lunch menu which has some awesome sandwiches. The patio is a cool place to sit and relax most nights. On my last visit, I had the BBQ Pizza and the Cafe Salad. The BBQ pizza had chicken, honey-bbq sauce, onions, bacon, and cheddar cheese. It's not a huge pizza but the toppings are piled on, so it was very filling. The Cafe Salad comes with artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, black olives, croutons, tomatoes, and a vinaigrette dressing. Very nice! Meals are served with warm sliced bread and seasoned olive oil. The last time I had a dessert here it wasn't the best but you can walk around the corner to the sweets shop in Hyde Park Village for chocolates or ice cream.
Great food every time I go:) the Mahi was AMAZING. I also enjoy their pasta. Great mix of flavors and piping-hot. Love this place. It's also nice to go after the Hyde park village fresh market: tampabaymarkets.com/fres…
Try that jalapeño margarita! It hits the spot....The food is the bomb diggity as well!
I remain a fan, and have been since they originally opened. The new location is actually far superior in both size and layout to the old digs. We came for cocktails and ended up ordering a pizza (Athenian 11$) ZOMG so good noms. Our first round was delicious and in the ups glasses, second round was off the Saturday night tequila 5$ special menu - I ordered one I absolutely hated, and they replaced it with the same as my lovely drinking companion without hesitation. Need to go back for dinner soon... nice staff too.
I love everything about Hyde Park (Anthropologie, Cinebistro, walk-able outdoor shops and Indigo Coffee). The Wine Exchange is no exception. We take out-of-town visitors here and they always love it.  It's a very pretty, comfortable restaurant.  I probably gave it an extra star just for the ambiance. Have a seat outside on the patio and you'll get some great people (and dog) watching as shoppers stroll past.   For lunch, the Roman Chicken Sandwich (chicken breast with pesto) and Georgian Chicken Sandwich (chicken salad with grapes) are both good.   For dinner, try one of their pasta dishes.
The Wine Exchange is a good restaurant that doesn't stand out in a crowd. It has decent offerings on the menu, but there is nothing that really jumps out as being a featured dish or something that you can only find at the Wine Exchange. The menu is huge, and I almost think it might be a little. There are ample appetizers, salads, pizzas, pastas, and main dishes to choose from, but again, none of them are that special. Of course, the feature here, as the name would suggest, is the wine list. It's a multi-page book that has at least 20-25 options for glasses of red and glasses of white. There are then hundreds of bottles to choose from. I ordered the fresh spinach salad with ahi tuna on it. The salad had bacon actually on it, which I don't remember saying on the menu, and the dressing just felt like it was bacon and oil It was way to heavy for such a light salad. I didn't pour it on top but dipped my fork into it to get as much as I wanted. I'm not sure I would go back here again. It's just not that great, and it ended up costing $45 for two glasses of wine and that salad.
Decent menu, nothing truly exceptional but a pretty consistent level of quality and a wide variety sure to please most palates.  I have eaten here twice and both times have dined outside on the patio.  The inside decor is nice - cozy and intimate - would be good for a date, I think.  The patio is dog-friendly and covered so you can still sit out there even when it's raining outside.   The dinner menu has a selection of pizzas, pastas and entrees in addition to some various appetizers, soups and salads.  Portion sizes are large and prices are about average (entrees $15-$25).  For lunch, the menu is similar but with a bit more variety as they have about a dozen sandwiches available in addition to the same appetizers, salads and pastas/entrees, just served in smaller portions for a correspondingly smaller price.  They seem to have 2-3 daily specials to choose from too, on any given day, which I appreciate. Dishes we have tried and enjoyed include the Grape-Pecan Chicken salad, the Hummus appetizer, the Vineyard pizza, the Neapolitan pasta and a special Cajun pasta with filet tips. I really enjoy wine but am certainly no wine expert.  With that being said, I have found several nice wines available by the glass that I have enjoyed here, and they also have a pretty good selection of specialty cocktails available, although I haven't tried any of them since I usually stick to wine.     Service has been good on both dining occasions, with the servers being knowledgeable about  the menu and happy to make recommendations.   All in all I like the Wine Exchange.  It's certainly not the best restaurant in Tampa but definitely worth a visit and a nice spot for drinks with friends or a date night out.
I would give it 3 1/2 stars.  Also, the restaurant is on Snow, not Swann. The restaurant doesn't have any extensive menu, but there is plenty of choice between pastas, salads, and steak.  They also have a decent selection of beers and wine. We had the fish tacos as an appetizer and I ate the Cajun pasta for my entree.  Both, the tacos and the pasta, were flavorful, but the "wow factor" that would make it 4 stars was missing.  My husband and I were unable to finish our pastas, as the portions are pretty significant.  Also, while the wait staff was nice and helpful while present, they weren't as attentive as they could have been. I may go back if I am in the area, but I wouldn't drive out to the Old Hyde Park Village especially...
Horrible service.  Food was just ok.  Took one hour to get our appetizer and dinner took another 15 minutes.  Waitress disappeared for 20 minutes at a time, not to be found.  Had to keep asking other waitstaff to refill drinks, get our check, where our food was.... To make matters worse, it was 3pm on a Saturday and there were only about 10 other tables occupied in the restaurant.  I won't be returning to this restaurant anytime soon!
Really uninspired and bleh. Spinach salad was ok, it seemed really oily though. Had the veal chop special and it wasn't a great piece of meat, really fatty. it's too bad...but I wouldn't bother.
Shitty service and unimaginable food for unreasonable prices.
I probably wouldn't go again. The service was horrible, but I got the impression it was just our server who was bad, and they are not all like that! The food was plain jane, nothing too exciting. I ordered nut crusted mahi and it was bland. To be called the "Wine Exchange" the wine list was average, and the server didn't step up and say anything wonderful about their wines. Definitely overpriced, they try to be something more than they really are. If you are not too finicky and are simple when it comes to your food, go for it, I think you would enjoy it. But I would have rather spent $50 and make it better myself!!
If you are looking for a great, huge meal and a even better drink this is the place! The cuban salad I crave every day, but living so close by I have tried basically everything on the menu. Everything has so much flavor it is to savor, definitely not run of the mill chain food. The specials are always great, except they sometimes run out of them. I would say if you are looking for a great date place this is it!! it is moderately priced, great food, great wines, and great waiters that will answer any questions and are very knowledgeable about the wine list.
I was very disappointed with my experience with The Wine Exchange recently. My girlfriend and I went for some wine and dinner on a weeknight because I purchased a CL Deal and wanted to try it out. We were seated in a timely fashion, but it wasn't very busy. We ordered a bottle of wine to only watch the bottle sit at the bar for 8-10 minutes. I finally got up and asked for it from the Hostess claiming to be the Manager named Angela, we will get to her later. She apologized and said our waiter had a table with a large group of people. I thought to myself that doesn't prevent someone else from the staff, even the manager from bringing it over like other restaurants do! We watched two tables that were sat after us receive their drinks before us and began to order there food. So after drinking a glass and a half of our wine the waiter finally came to get our order. When we received or food we noticed right off the bat the flatbread's bottom was soggy with hardly no flavor. The other to items we ordered were good but nothing to rave about. So we finished or food and waited for the bill. We didn't see him for awhile. When he finally came I gave him the credit card immediately so we wouldn't have to wait again for him to come back. We sat for a good 15-20 min. People that got there checks after us were already leaving. So I got up again to ask what the hold up was. The manager said the waiter would be there after he finished with the bigger table, he only had to tables. I told her we were disappointed with our experience and Angela the Hostess/Manager told us she was sorry about waiting for the wine, but everything else was on point. I said really, on point. What manager tells the customer that?!?!? I will never go back! Now I know why The Wine Exchange issue a CL deal almost every week!!! Too Bad, because the place has potential. Thanks Angela and The Wine Exchange for the not so much "On Point" experience!!! Aaron
If you want to feel like crap, are inconveniencing your servers and be hurried out of a restaurant - then come here.  We have tried several times to come give this place a chance, because it is in walking distance from our home and we would love to support local businesses especially in the village, but are met with frustration.  The food is also mediocre.  Sorry I said it.  The owners and management must be out to lunch and are apparently ok with every other seat open at the bar and every other table vacant.  They are really missing out on some local potential.  We have tried to come here with our son early on Saturday evenings and other evenings during the week but feel animosity from the servers as soon as they see a kid.  We won't be back for a while.  Disappointing. We go out several times a week - and go to places that wholeheartedly welcome children - so will continue to take our business elsewhere.
The new location looks great and food was as good as I remembered it! It seems they have increased the portion size, I could have made a meal out of my cafe salad that was listed on the menu as "small" and bread on the table that tasted home made. Extensive list of wines by the glass and interesting selection of micro brews on tap. My only suggestion would be to bring back the flights of wine.
Great food, fantastic wine menu, but the beer selections are a bit limited.  Especially draft. We go here often, with typically great results. Enjoy the service and the atmosphere, but the prices are on the high side. Their gnocchi a la porky is the best!
I love Wine Exchange! Wine Exchange was one of the stops on the Discrawl Hyde Park tour where we were served the chicken salad and cuban salad. I was in love with the Cuban Salad and wanted to eat more and more. I've also been to Wine Exchange on several other occasions and always opt for something with mushrooms because for some reason, their mushrooms are so amazing, more so than at other places. The inside is small but not too crowded- you just feel like you're hanging out with a bunch of friends. The patio is a great size and perfect for those great Florida nights.
This place was just okay.  We ordered a bottle of wine, which was probably an 8 dollar bottle getting sold at wine exchange for 28, and we also ordered the cheese plate. The cheeses were okay, nothing fantastic, and they came with ritz crakers which was a big dissapointment, the fruits that they came with were actually nice and fresh.  We asked for water crakers instead of the ritz crakers and we were told that they didnt have any, then towards the end when we finushed the ritz and still had plenty of cheese left over they bought us some extra crakers which were actully water crakers this time.  Also, what disappointed me was that other tables were given complementary bread and oil, which actually looked really good, and we weren't given this!!! We may still give this place one more shot since its so happening, now that we know what stuff that they actually have, it could be enjoyable next time.
I went on a Monday night and there was a cool art painting class going on! Inward able to mingle with cool people, yet go back to my intimate patio table. I thought the food was comparable to most of the local restaurants in portion and fresh. I tried the quiche which was very pleading to my pallette.... Happy hour or a Monday I recommended if your flying solo, if romance is on your mind an evening trip and patio seating may just be what you're looking for! Say hi to Saandra for me- I will surely be back again and again.
Wine Exchange used to be my Saturday night "Go-to" date night staple with my lad.  We had our favorite server (Dionne) who never failed us and food that was consistently tasty.  Though it never knocked our socks off, we never had a bad meal and were always so impressed with the incredible hospitality.     In the last year or so, we have begun to sing a different tune.  Sure, Wine Exchange's location is bar none.  The ambiance is awesome too.  However, the food has been so hit or miss-with more misses along the way.  Due to our failure to plan properly this New year's Eve, we settled on a reservation for our group of 8 to go here.  With the exception of two friends in our party, there were issues with everyone else's plates.  Overcooked, undercooked, cold, or warmed by the heat lamp, it was rather horrendous.  With sincere apologies from our server, we were still brushed off by the manager who offered a $20 discount from our $400 bill.  I haven't been back since and plan on keeping it that way.   I gave Wine Exchange 3 stars because it truly has never been THIS bad. The service is always flawless too.  It is the cuisine that has taken quite a hurtin'.  The few times before NYE that we visited, we did notice a difference in the chef's creativity for the Specials menu and also noticed quite a decline with the tastiness of our meals.  Yet, it still wasn't awful.  We would've continued visiting sporadically had the New Years Eve incident never occurred.  Perhaps they wre much busier than they had anticipated.  Maybe there was an absence of a line cook or two.  Whatever the case was, it was so disappointing and I can only hope that our favorite server is still reaping the benefits of the restaurant's prime location in Old Hyde park.
This is a small dining restaurant around the bar and small tables and couches with pillows but I believe they had an outdoor seating area also. Our party of 12 was for a birthday and we were a few minutes late but our table was set and waiting for us which was nice. Our waitress did not tell us her name and she did not split the check for us at all. There were 4 check that we had to divide ourselves. As soon as we left they were quick to lock the door. The waitress was very chatty to the men in the group and only ID'ed my sister and I because "we look so young" and said she needed botox? The manager sat us at our table and a few different waitresses delivered our food. I enjoyed the atmosphere although I would have liked some music playing. They were very patient with everyone and the food was very good. There was an appetizer with cheese dip and delicious warm/soft little quesadilla like bread in triangles. I split the penne for your thought that came with shrimp and scallops which was delicious. I also had the rose' flight which was only $9 and comes in 3 glasses. I enjoyed my time here and hope to come again. Great parking for free in the garage just a short walk/block away. Beautiful location with shops all around, although they all close at 7 and only the chocolate store next door was open (it had free chocolate samples). Beautiful scenery and fountains around the shopping center.
I don't get the mediocre reviews. I really love this place. It's nicely decorated, and I've always had a great experience with the food and servers. I especially love their mango margarita ($5 on Saturdays) and hummus amongus.
I used to really like this place and was a frequent customer, however a few months ago I had a terrible experience while eating at the bar.  The female bartender (with long dark hair) was rude and inattentive from the get go, but seemed very attentive to her male patrons. When we finally got our bills (one for my friend and I, and the other for my other friends) I paid and then left to go to the bathroom. My other friends bill accidentally had one of our dishes on their bill and she pointed it out to the bartender who started asking her where I had gone, and that she was going to "Call the cops". Mind you I had already paid my bill and it was her mistake putting the food on my friends bill. I came back to the bar and the other bartender was clearly embarrassed by her co-workers crazy outburst and apologized profusely. We settled the bill and I called the restaurant the next day to relay what had happened. The manager acted like she cared and stated that she was going to "talk" to the bartender and send a gift certificate. Needless to say I never received the gift certificate and two months later when I returned to the restaurant (not by choice but for a friends graduation party) the long haired brunette bartender was STILL there, and was inattentive and rude per usual. However, in addition to the rude bartender, another rude waitress rolled her eyes at me when I got the wrong drink and brought it back to me saying it was the right drink in a very aggressive tone. I ordered my usual dish there the Steak Chimcurri medium rare and it was medium to medium well (my friend also ordered the exact same thing and his was overcooked as well). Our male waiter was nice and a good server. But the past two times I have been here have been so utterly unpleasant I will never go back. After the first incident with the bartender I refrained from writing this review, however when I saw she was still working there it became clear to me that the management is perfectly fine keeping unpleasant people on their staff, even one's that irrationally threaten to call the cops when she was the one who messed the bill up.  I worked in the restaurant and bar industry for 6 plus years and I understand it is stressful, however the behavior of some of the staff here is downright ridiculous. If you don't want to serve people drinks then find another job.
We keep on coming back to the Wine Exchange because it is in our neighborhood and they have a very pleasant patio that is pet friendly. They have an excellent wine selection and great cocktails, but the food has proven mediocre.  We've tried several things on the menu, but have yet to find a dish worth repeating. That being said, the menu is diverse and good for group dining.
Couldn't love this place more if I tried! The food is unbelievable, but of course I have to comment on the wine. The selection is vast and spectacular. Check out the sparkling Pinot Noir they have. Very refreshing. Like a party in my mouth. Yum! And the outdoor terrace is Devine in the winter. Perfect date place!!
Love the wine offered her and the food is yummy too! A bit pricey but it is what to expect for a trendy modern chic bar in Hyde Park. A great bar area, with seating outside if you have a largetr group and want to eat. Happy hour time it can get crowded. Great lunch spot for a quick meeting or place to grab a glass of wine before other evening plans.
I love coming here. The food is very good. They have an extensive wine selection, the name gives it away. Also, on the outdoor patio they are dog friendly which is a definite plus for me as there are very few places I can bring my dog with me. Servers have always been great; as has the service.
I love the atmosphere of Wine Exchange. It is a great place for a date night, or even just a girl's night out. I love meeting friends there to share a flatbread pizza, and just talk over a glass (or 2!) of wine. The menu has a lot of variation, and ranges from budget friendly to some more expensive items. I recommend sitting inside if you can. I just like the atmosphere better, and feel that the service is better too. However, the patio is dog friendly, which is always a fun perk! The staff is very knowledgable about the wine that they serve, and will even let you try some if you ask. I really enjoying coming here for a nice, low key evening.
If waiting 1 1/2 hours for a turkey sandwich is your thing you will love this restaurant.
Love this place. Great date place. Honestly, I don't know how to describe how perfect this place it.  The food is awesome.  The mash potatoes-- I would literally stab my date in the eye if he tried to try them. OMG. Amazing. The steak I ordered. Perfect. Wine was perfect. And the drinks strong. Like I said-Amazing.
The outdoor patio at this restaurant is one of my favorite places to eat in Tampa. The food is very good, and the service is sufficient as well. Wine Exchange isn't fancy, but it's a cool, laid back place to grab a bite to eat. The last time I went I ordered a salad (and added grilled chicken), and it was more than enough food. Almost everyone left with take home because the quantity is probably a little too much. This is a neat date place, but it's also wonderful for a group of friends. You can linger and just enjoy yourself after your meal is done, which I love. You don't feel rushed at all... The only thing that bothered us was that the waitress insisted on doing one bill (and not splitting it up), which ended up making things far more complicated than they needed to be. She should have just accomodated our request because there was no way we were ever going to be able to itemize the bill with 8 of us there. We laughed at her and forgot about it a few minutes after leaving, though.
Deserves way more than its rating. This place just exudes class but it's still got a pretty laid-back vibe. Due to the atmosphere and selection, it's one of the best places around to drink, cocktails too. The food is really awesome too so no issues with this place at all.
One of my favorite places to go.  Love the atmosphere, the food, and of course the wine!  Service is always friendly and efficient.  Great place for dinner with friends.
Duck meatball & mozzarella hoagie special was incredible. One of the best sandwiches I have tasted. I am never disappointed when eating at this place. I will go back again and again.
Okay wine list.  Very cute and open ambiance.  Service fair.  Crab Stack app is a fried crab cake on some publix seaweed salad.  Blah.  Cafe salad was good - scallops yummy.  Bread was great!  Dessert - chocol. icecream/mousse was so so.  Not worth it going back unless I was just going to eat the salads.  Don't go for a full on nice dining experience.
Way too slow. It was a good 45 minutes for food on a Saturday afternoon.  Not even rush hour. Waited 30 minutes for baked Brie.  Food was ok. Sigh.  Not sure if I'm ever going back.
My husband and I had lunch here. Both of us were very pleased with our meals. The waitress was very attentive and we enjoyed sitting outside watching people walking by.
I only had a few glasses of wine and desert here.  I don't think I'll go back for lunch or dinner.  A decent wine bar nonetheless.
A' local' Tampa joint that's run as though it's a chain.  The menu is as overdone as the food and the drinks will run you dry.
Cute Italian restaurant in the Hyde Park area. Plenty of outdoor seating. The food had good flavors and I had a great wine pairing.
Cute restaurant in Hyde Park. Excellent food and wine selection; will definitely go again! If I lived closer:)
Good atmosphere and wine selection, friendly service, above average food.  Need more places like this in Tampa.
The best service, wine & steak I have had in a long time.  The wait staff was beyond attentive.  I would definitely recommend and return again when I'm in Tampa!!
Well, I hate to say anything bad, especially in this economic climate, but I wasn't impressed. The service was not good at all. The food was OK, but nothing to brag about. The beer selection was modest. The only thing I can see going for this place is there's very little competition in Hyde Park. Don't waste your time.
This is my favorite restaurant! Not matter what time of day I come, I am greeted by a friendly staff and a lovely atmosphere. The food is delicious and has me returning time and time again for any occasion I can find.
All was enjoyed - tasty food and drink with reasonable prices too.  Suggestion to mgmt. take a look at sandwich buns situation.  Why serve a heated bun with cold chicken salad?  Are buns always heated on all sandwiches?  Why? - No acceptable reason since setting a cold sandwich up under the heat lamps isn't acceptable nor is heating all buns to save against loss of less than fresh buns. Chicken salad great - complimenting bun - not so much. Service fine and over course Hyde Park always pleasant.
The specials are even better than the standard menu. Ambience is perfect: casual and intimate. Service is decent; food is satisfying. I had pepper rubbed flank steak and it was genuinely tasty. I've been and will be back again and again.
Good food, nice waitress, but omg service slow as s**t.
The service was very very disappointing & management rude. Took a long time just to put in our order. Then when it came time for getting our credit cards back to sign, we waited 15-20 minutes.  Our food just sat there waiting for "to go" containers.  Finally I went up to manager & asked why it was taking so long. She GLARED at me and said "YOU HAD SEPARATE CHECKS". Like it was my fault. They knew ahead of time & already had the bill rung up. They only had to run 3 credit cards through. Was shocked that management would handle so poorly.   Food was good, not great.  But did not make up for the poor treatment.  The rudeness of the staff completely forgetting us and blaming us was unacceptable.  There are so many other restaurants.  Why go back?
this place is great! located in the hyde park area. not quite "fine" dining, but close enough. certainly way better than many places who do call themselves fine dining. this place is kind of small, seating about 30 people inside with a patio area outside seating about the same. its quiet and lovely and normally has chill vibe music playing at a level where carrying on a conversation is not a problem. everything ive had has been good, if not great! their chicken salad sandwich is spot on as well as their potato salad that comes with. there is no one way of doing things so appreciate the dish for what it is, whether its good or bad, not what you expect it to taste like because thats the only way you know of it. be open minded to your potato salad tasting differently than the way your mom makes it. theyre gnocchi a la porky is AMAZING! ive only been here for lunch so the prices seem perfectly reasonable for what you get. dinner seems to be a few dollars higher, but double the portion. so if you want to try this place, go for lunch. ive been here over a dozen times and if i didnt live an hour away i would sure frequent this place a lot more. its awesome. not spiffy. not stuck up. unpretentious. awesome.
Wine Exchange has great food, an interesting menu, and fantastic service. While I love this place for lunch, I don't know if I would suggest it for dinner. With so many other restaurants recently opening (as well as new ones in the works) in the Village, I'd prefer another restaurant for a dinner. Outside patio is nice but can become cramped very quickly. Give it a shot, you might be surprised.
Love the wine selection and back patio.
Live in Sarasota and get to Tampa here and there...Went to Berns Friday and then  a bit more casual Saturday to Wine Exchange. Love Wine Bars so thought would check this one out. After a incredible Glass of Uppercut Napa Cabernet and chill atmosphere...Thought would look at the menu..Bartender recommended trying the Brie Appetizer. Great recommendation! After that impression decided to dine here...Well again she recommended the "Blackened Filet"...Being a huge "Pepper Crusted Steak Guy" thought I would give this a try. Considering dined @ Berns the night before not only was this Filet to die for the price was just as amazing! Great Job!
A solid 4 stars for my lunch today.  Me and my friend decided on WE for our monthly lunch. We were greeted and sat immediately.   While a beautiful day, we opted for inside seating (they do have a patio). Our server was on point, (I believe his name was Greg) and had our ice-tea on the table quick. WE has a large menu and they do also offer a smaller special menu. So, it took a little bit for us to decide. My friend went for the roast beef sandwich and I ordered a salad from the specials menu_ greens with grilled shrimp, sliced almonds, tomatoes, onions and a few other things I asked to be removed. Both of our lunch entrees were good. I especially enjoyed the Cuban dressing on my salad. It has been a long time since I have been to the WE_and after today_i can't recall why. I don't lunch often but I will absolutely remember to come back.  When I do, I promise I will be able to offer more on their wines! ;-)
The atmosphere is nice and there is a large window seating area right across the bar which I'm sure is nice for people watching. We sat in the patio area in the back & it was a pleasant spot. The food and the service not so much. Our waiter had more opinions to share with us than we appreciated. Frankly I don't necessarily want your smarty pants opinion on girl talk we are having. I didn't find this professional. On top of that he was terrible as far as taking our orders and checking on us as we would run out of drinks etc. The food was just ok. Honestly it was a hair above chain restaurants like Applebee's or Chillis!! I ordered mussels and a salad with grilled chicken. I've had better mussels and the salad was ok, didn't generate much interest for me. This restaurant has it's location in the heart of the village going for it & that's about it.
Service...............................took this long. Regardless, pizza was a soggy mess and cheese plate was thrown together by a 5 year old with a terrible palette(tropical fruit with cheeses, crackers were soaked, and apples were past their prime). What's going to keep us coming back is the Five Star water. Ps. Usually take my parents here for a good time, not anymore.
Went here after a Yelp event next door.  Strawberry lemonade martini was delicious.  I ordered potato pancakes, but got jalepeno poppers and had to wait a long time for the right order to come out.  Had a few bites of jalepeno cheese with pretzels that was very good.  Atmosphere was great and staff was nice.
I've been here several times. They have a great wine selection and lots of tasty food options. I'm usually just here to enjoy the wine and patio, but the desserts and snacks I've had are good. I tried the cheese plate the other day which was fine overall. The BBQ Chicken Pizza was tasty. I really liked the onion compote with the BBQ sauce. They are also very accommodating for large groups. Alex was an AMAZING server for us!
I have been here several times and I really like the outdoor patio, again, because I can bring my dog, Zoe.  Much more kid friendly than other restaurants, and although I don't have kids, I think people should be able to go out to dinner with their kids sometimes and not be treated like a pariah.  Food is good, somewhat french bistro but the last time I ate there they had pierogies.  Yum!!
I love dining here and decided to change contact the restaurant about pricing and availability for 40 guest in December... I Want to pay, not have a dinner for 40 for free. I get a rund around Everytime by these employees?! Why won't they help me!? I suppose I'll take my businEss elsewhere!
Excellent food and service. Good selection of wines and beers. I enjoyed the crab cake salad from the lunch menu. It was excellent. The white wine flight was very good. 3 wines to equal one glass. All were excellent choices. I will definitely be back when I return to the area.
This is a cute place for a date or with friends, but make sure you like the person you are with, because service can be slow! When you go on a girls night, you are ready to talk a lot so service didn't bother me.  However, if I was with anyone I was expecting to get in and out with, I would have been a little peeved.  I'm not sure where our server was half the time and he got our checks all wrong, twice!  And this was on a Wednesday night!  That was my only complaint about this place and it could have just been this one server on this one night. This is one of those blink and you can miss it places.  It looks small from the front, but has a great patio out back!  It started pouring while we were there, so they had to lower the sides, but we didn't get wet! I thoroughly appreciate their cocktail menu.  I do enjoy wine, but some nights I just feel like a cocktail.  I started with the Royal Gingersnap and was pretty disappointed.  It tasted too strongly of orange juice, as if I could have mixed it myself.  I switched to wine after that.  Even so, there are enough choices on the cocktail menu that I would come back and try something else. I got the Vineyard Pizza and it was very good.  It was a great size and I ended up taking half of it home.   I really enjoyed this place and think it is a great girls night spot.
I have to bump Wine Exchange to a four based on the experience I had there tonight. Since I was kind of full from a pretty big lunch, my boyfriend and I decided to just split some appetizers. We took a look at the specials menu and decided on the portobello mushroom appetizer as well as the filet tips and the cheese plate. The portobello appetizer was really good! It had melted cheese, zucchini and peppers and the mushroom itself was really flavorful. The filet tips were excellent. The meat was very tender and the sauce with the sundried tomatoes was to die for. Seriously so delicious. Not too saucy but just enough to give the meat some juice. The cheese plate has to be where I give the most praise because it is full of food and it was only $11. It comes with a LOT of cheese. Other restaurants around here scrimp on the cheese and then charge $18 for it and they only give you like, three grapes and a strawberry. Wine Exchange gives you a good bang for your buck in appetizer world. Lunch was the same story.The other food looked excellent and my lunch experience was decent, but this place is really growing on me.
Everything we has was delish. Great helpful service. Beautiful restaurant. Great selections of wine. Really interesting entree choices.  The Gorgonzola mash was dynomite ! Chocolate bomb was THE BOMB!!
Saturday night in Hyde Park Village and my date and I planned to have a drink and then go see a movie at Cinebistro. We walked around HPV looking in the store-front windows, and eventually ended up at the Wine Exchange on Snow Avenue. Unlike other bars in the area, Wine Exchange was not overrun with a bunch of foul-mouthed Spring Breakers, and we were able to get a seat at one of the high-top tables in the bar area and each ordered a glass of wine. The atmosphere is casual, yet elegant, and there's an indoor bar area with a small indoor café, and also an outdoor patio with space heaters and fans. The atmosphere is reminiscent of a European sidewalk café, and it's a terrific place to people watch while sipping a nice glass of wine. I ordered a glass of Argentinian Malbec and Britt had a glass of Sonoma County Sauvignon Blanc. The descriptions of the various glasses of wine on the menu is a little too "cutesy" for my tastes, so it helps to ask questions of your server to be sure that you get what you like. Even though we had just eaten dinner down the street, we took a look at their menu to see what they offered. I expected to see a lot of tapas / small plates, but saw a lot more full entrées, pizzas, and pasta dishes. They did have some appetizers, but I thought that in general the prices were high. This is a place where I would return to people-watch and have a glass of wine, but I'll plan to go elsewhere for dinner.
I just love the wine exchange love to just run in here to grab a drink before doing some shopping. All the drinks are so delicious they have a decent beer selection on tap huge wine list & Saturdays they have $5 Jose tequila specials. The pizzas are just so yummy too. Can't go wrong with the food. The service was great too all of them were just attentive and friendly. It's just not a big place so you may have a wait.
Although pricey for a Sunday funday, I was really impressed with the food selection and preparation. Service was very good and the Bloody Mary and Moscow mule were both really well made.
Let me respond.   My degree is in Culinary Arts, 1988 from Johnson and Wales.  I'm also 43 and Italian, and just came back from Italy for three weeks in July.  There was peas in it, in Florence. With that said, peas are far more common than onions.   More importantly,  when you finish any dish, there shouldn't be sauce sitting in the dish. That is called soup.  Maybe your chef was off that day, but the sauce was thick and soupy. Secondly, your waiter failed this time to bring or ask for bread.   That and was extremely slow.   With that said, the atmosphere is nice.  Watch ANY cooking show or attend culinary college and dusting a plate with parsley is not elegant.   It's old school. I highly recommend revisiting the dishes and focusing on the main element of the dish / not everything around it.
Overpriced for what you receive, I've tried to really like this place, but I just can't. Yes the wine selection is good, and yes their menu is interesting, but I can't wrap my head around how a glass of wine (with a tiny pour) and a salad without any type of meat, put me back $30. Like I said, it's good but not worth the price.
Wow! Came to dinner with girlfriends to dinner for a second time here and yet another bad experience.  I dont recommend this place if you are looking for hospitality. Poor service and sassy attitudes.  Spend your money elsewhere.  And white wine should be served chilled...right?
The Wine Exchange is descent at best. I've been twice, once for lunch where I had the au jus sandwich. Very flavorful and didn't need the extra sauce that came with it. The Brie and berries app was okay but could easily be made at home. For dinner I had the mahi. VERY bland. The bacon mashed potatoes were also extremely bacon-y tasting. For an app we had the breaded jalapeños. There were okay but again, nothing to write home about. Happy hour drinks are generous and descent size. Overall, a little pricey for mediocre food but a good, casual vibe for a weeknight dinner.
For this year's anniversary celebration I didn't tell J-Fur where we were going to eat. As I drove she mentally tried to figure it out. First she thought it was Cilantro. Then it was Sawatdee Thai. Then it was The Loving Hut (I know she believed that one even though she insists she didn't). Finally, when we were a block away, she said "Are you taking me to that wine bar?" I smiled. The look that crossed her face was priceless. I had the same reaction a few weeks ago when I went to the Wine Exchange Bistro and Wine Bar for a party. I pushed through the doors thinking anything with wine in the name is automatically not a good place to eat. I figured I'd eat a small appetizer and then go home to cook my own food. But I was famished after my early morning run and I needed to eat something. I ordered the Gnocchi without bacon. One taste and I not only knew I'd be back but I knew J-Fur would be with me. So here we were. On this evening we started with the Hummus Amongus. For eight dollars and some change you get a small glass that has a layer of white cannelloni beans and black bean hummus. It is topped with salsa and served with a ton of pita bread (take note Acropolis). I wasn't too excited about the hummus, especially at that price. Yes it was unique and there was enough pita to eat it all, but I expected it to be amazing. In a perfect world one would be able to take the Acropolis' hummus and combine it with all the pita that that Wine Exchange gives you. Now that would be an appetizer that I might pay seven dollars for (but not eight). Next up our waitress brought out some bread and olive oil. Slightly crusty and warmed the bread and olive oil combo was amazing. It melted in your mouth. The spices weren't overly strong to drown out the olive oil, allowing the taste of each (bread, oil, spice) to shimmer and shine. For the main course I ordered  J-Fur ordered some spinach ravioli while I went with the Gnocchi. The ravioli is stuffed with spinach and ricotta and then covered with olive oil, garlic, onion, tomato and basil. It was a bit of a disappointment. She expected more from the spinach-ricotta filling. It didn't really have much taste. The highlight was the olive oil, garlic, tomato and basil topping. Slightly sweet and smooth with more than a hint of garlic the topping took a sub par ravioli and made it good. If this were a concert the Gnocchi would be the headlining rock star act. To start with the gnocchi is slightly toasted. This takes something that can, in the wrong hands, be slimy or soft and creates a subtle chewiness instead. It is then topped with garlic, olive oil, pine nuts, basil and tomato. The result? A nearly flawless gnocchi. The biggest downfall for the Wine Exchange is the price. It isn't the type of place I can go anytime I want as it costs too much. But for those special celebrations, I'll certainly be back.
Headed to Hyde Park on a Thursday night after having some small bites at another place and wanted to get some wine with a friend. We decided to swing by The Wine Exchange for a glass or two and some appetizers. It was chilly outside, but we were able to get the last table available in a corner tucked away behind the bar. They have a fairly good selections on their wine menu, but I thought the by the glass pricing was a little high. We had the tequila lime shrimp and scallops and the chorizo potato balls (basically a large papa rellena). Both were good and each paired well with a white and red being consumed at the table. We really enjoyed the complimentary bread! It was light and sweet, along with a very light olive oil for dipping. I also ordered the mushroom soup, and even though I enjoyed the texture and thickness of the soup, thought it was a bit on the salty side. We came in late, just 30 minutes before closing time, but were not rushed at all--if anyone was rolling their eyes, we did not see it! After paying our bill, we headed towards the door, but we were locked in (and obviously they let us out)! Not really complaining; it wouldn't be the worst place to have to spend the night, surrounded by wine! Can't give it a full 5 stars as I wasn't able to try out any lunch or dinner dishes, the issue with the mushroom soup, and the per glass pricing could have been better. Maybe next time! :)
Such a cute and great place to eat in Hyde Park. They never disappoint with amazing food and great specials. I have never had something here that wasn't delicious. I always find myself craving more of whatever I have. The raspberry sweet tea is out of this world. The service is great and the atmosphere is wonderful.
I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time, especially considering its convenient location - a mere three blocks from my house. When I finally got around to trying it, it was during creative loafing's restaurant week. The aforementioned detail may have impacted my experience... My friend and I went with the pre-fixe menu for $30 each (the price was not advertised...) and a bottle of Cabernet out of Napa. Fair pricing, nothing too fantastic nor too horrible. Excellent vibe, nice crowd on patio and a trendy, modern feel throughout. Food was good. Very good, was the jalapeño poppers my friend ordered and the flank steak I had. Also, the mango sorbet was served in a very cool mango shaped tin with actual mango throughout and lining the tin. Presentation was definitely thought out. However, here is where they lose points. The Caesar salad was one of the worst I have ever had. Croutons were good but that was it. It was barely dressed...almost seemed like they tossed it in a table spoon of light vinaigrette. Tons of lettuce, no dressing but clever croutons. Overall, Carrabbas does a better Caesar, which isn't saying much. Service....umm I have served before, so I have a bit of knowledge regarding the process; as does any regular restaurant-goer. Our server did not know anything about wines by the bottle. My friend asked for a recommendation (even offered specific key words regarding flavor, tone, etc.) and our server flat out admitted he did not know anything except for wines by the glass - not even an apology or an attempt to send someone over who could assist us in reviewing the extensive menu. I'm sorry, and I often sympathize and/or pity ignorance, but if you are going to hire a server at a wine restaurant, you should make sure that they receive a training on wine maybe?? Additionally on that note, he did his job, but he wasn't very friendly. I felt as though we were a nuisance and not very welcome. The hostess was kind to us and so was the woman who delivered our salads, but this guy just killed it for the whole place. One last note, for the owner/serving staff: when your table has not finished their appetizers, it might be best to hold the salads; and if they're not done with the salads, you definitely should not pile on the entrées leaving each patron with three plates in front of them... The food runner simply suggested we move our plates down...wha?!!! This was the most ridiculous thing I have ever experienced. Either they've never heard of pre-bussing and timing, or they're trying to send a message to patrons who bother coming during restaurant week.
This restaurant has sunk from mediocre and convenient to below average and slow. Hyde Park Village is in dire need of more restaurants. At least Cactus Club is a distant memory.
I don't know why it took me so long to eat here but I finally had the opportunity over lunch. I love Hyde Park Village so the location is great - local feel with indoor and outdoor seating, smack in the middle of South Tampa. The lunch crowd was very light which surprised me why service was slow. Both my guest and I ordered salads and by the time it came out, we had to rush and eat to make it back to the office in time. My friend had the grilled shrimp salad which smelled and looked amazing. I had the grilled, mesquite steak salad. The flavor was overpowering and the steak overcooked. I could only eat half because all I could taste was the mesquite flavor. Not enough to turn me away but I had high expectations.
Disappointed in this place, let me say Hyde Park is not exactly may hangout but I would expect better from that area. My waiter seemed like a mechanic as in personality and his experience and knowledge on food? You should know the menu of the place you work. I ordered the Country Pene, Pene was over cooked and sauce was not tasty very oily and bland. The sausage was actually quite good adding the only spice and flavor to the dish. I had to ask for bread, the grouper salad special came on a bed of purple spinach which tasted and looked like leaves from a Autumn oak tree? I Will not go back again, as my gf was also dissatisfied with her meal also, I'm assuming they stay in business because of their location and they add gratuity to your bill.
So I will warn you... I'm a bit biased. My friends and I used to go to their old location like once a week, so I was so happy when a friend suggested it while I was visiting Tampa. Wonderful Sunday afternoon.... I had quiche and a great glass of wine. The service was fantastic and the food was every bit as good as I remember! Their vinaigrette dressing was unexpected and really great. Better location I think, also. Not right against the street and movie traffic anymore.
Ate here for lunch on Sunday. Service was excellent, we had Jen as our server. The rest of the staff was extremely pleasant as well. Great wine selection. Shared a french dip and orecchiette pasta special. French dip was mediocre, came out cold. The special orecchiette pasta with chicken was amazing! Very cool ambience, good people watching, and the special was excellent. Will definitely be back to try some more stuff on their menu!
First time here.  We only had two drinks and a couple apps but they were all tasty. For drinks we had the kapparinha and kappa punch - it was like juice!  That's always a plus for me.  Okay, maybe they were kind of sweet, but still refreshing.  For apps we had the chevre and tuna sashimi.   The chevre was prepared in a tomato sauce with pine nuts and topped with pesto.  It was delicious BUT we say no to pine nuts!  They just got in the way. The sashimi was seared nicely and came on a bed of pickled onions and a seaweed salad.  This was just a standard sashimi dish - it was well prepared and tasted good.  The chevre had it beat. Service was good and attentive.  This place seems nice and chill.  Wouldn't mind being a regular here.
We met some friends at the Wine Exchange last night. None of us had eaten there before. We thought it was EXCELLENT! The atmosphere was ideal. No blaring music.....just right for conversations with friends. I have to eat Gluten Free due to Celiac disease and found our waiter extremely attentive. I asked about several dishes on the menu and he double checked everything. When appetizers arrived, I asked about my dinner mates dishes to see if I could try them. He let me know the Gluten status of everything that landed on our table. And today I am healthy and know for sure I did not got any gluten. :) The mussels in spicy coconut broth was AMAZING! Everyone at the table clamored for them. Drinks were served promptly, water was kept topped off and my husband said his red wine was WONDERFUL. I found myself getting full after the appetizers, so ordered their chicken/pecan/grape salad and found it fresh and light which was exactly what I was looking for. My husband's steak was DELICIOUS too. The only negative I have is that gluten free dessert options were sparse. They had a chocolate bar from a Chocolatier next door, but I had already popped in their and had purchased truffles. So I just ate one of those while my dinner companions ordered dessert from the menu. My husband got the chocolate cake/mouse and said it was o.k. He tasted one of the truffles from next door and was drooling for the rest of them. They did not know the gluten status of his dessert because they do not make it on site. A chef made (on site) flourless chocolate cake would have made this a perfect experience for me, but it was still top notch and we are definitely going back soon!
Wine Exchange gets 5 stars from me primarily because of awesome but also because of a wonderful food and wine menu.    This was one of the few places we've been where once the waiter knew we were vegetarian, he actually started suggesting vegetable substitutions for their meat entrees.  That kind of understanding of the menu is very impressive and very welcome. Their wine menu boasted a plethora of options in every type of wine so I chose to start with a light prosecco and my wife had a really delicious sparkling shiraz that was worth every penny. Dinner for me was a grilled portabella mushroom layered on top of a parmesan seared potato cake on a bed of spring greens.  And yes, it was even better than it sounds.  My wife had gnocchi with spinach and broccoli.  Originally it came with anchovies but the waiter suggested the broccoli which worked well with it.  All of our food arrived quickly and was presented beautifully. The dessert menu was also great, but after dinner and wine we had no room left.  But that's ok, because we'll definitely be heading back here to sample more of everything.
This is a cute little place in Hyde Park Village with great ambiance and reasonable prices. The patio is lovely- definitely recommend getting seated on the patio on a nice day. This place has THE best chicken salad I have ever had. The chicken salad itself deserves like ten stars. I crave their chicken salad all the time. I've eaten some other dishes here before too... A pasta dish over a year ago that I remember being fairly average and the Cajun lobster tail they had as a special recently. I'd give the lobster about three stars... Lobster is always delicious but I've definitely had better. The veggies that came on the side with the dish were very good. I've also had the lime shrimp and scallops appetizer which were very interesting... Flavor was unique and light but seemed to be missing something. Oh, also- LOVE the free bread here! Warm and fluffy served with a delicious dipping sauce. Some good happy hour specials here too- they have a $12 bottomless wine night and $5 Absolut cocktails on Sundays. Got the strawberry lemonade cocktail and it tasted just like one of those strawberry lemonade freeze pops.
I have lived in Tampa my whole life but always thought of the Wine Exchange as a place for older people. I was wrong. The smells walking up to the place made me hungry! The atmosphere is modern and clean. I went Mid-July so sitting outside on the patio was not an option!  My friend is pregnant and asked for ginger ale. They make it in-house! She loved it. Our waiter was super nice and helpful. One of my friends ordered the Paris sandwich. She completely deconstructed it but the waiter was patient and even told her that she would rename it and they would put it on the specials! My mom had the cafe salad. It was nice and light! I did discover that heart of palm is NOT for me. The dressing on the salad was delicious! I had the spinach ravioli and was very pleasantly surprised! It is super fresh and perfectly portioned for lunch. I thought it might be a little heavy but in a light garlic butter sauce the spinach and cheese filling really shined. My only complaint is they run out of things. I heard the waiter telling people they didn't have a couple of different menu items. It is a common problem that smaller restaurants tend to experience so it's nothing to be to upset about! Overall, I really enjoyed my meal. I will definitely go back and try it for dinner!
If there is a god, she eats here! My first experience at Wine Exchange was a memorable one! A friend from work recommended we try it for our May meeting and I'm so happy she did. It's located in cute "Hyde Park" with garage parking just up the street. We arrived first for lunch and it was a good thing - it got full fast! I loved the inside decor, very edgy and cozy, if that's at all possible. The front seating is set next to full wall windows - the natural lighting gives it a clean-crisp feeling. Put it this way, I usually only snap a shot or two for a reveiw but I ended up posting 5! I could've even shot the bathroom it was so pretty but I figured I'd spare you all my nerdiness. Bread and olive oil is served. 2 of us ordered the fantabulous grape-pecan chicken salads, 1 ordered french dip (she loved), and 1 ordered a lunch special - pork chop with roasted garlic mash, corn saute & strawberry sauce (I sampled this & can't wait to go back again to order it). Prices were very reasonable for the size dish you receive. Service was very friendly and ultra fast (per 1st review-server broke up the bill). Wine Exchange has moved to the top of my list -yay!
I've been to the wine echange twice now and would recommend it to most people, whether you are into wine or not. The bar itself is pretty cozy and you can sit and enjoy a drink while watching a game on one of the 2 small flatscreens. The decor is sleek and modern which is a little unique for tampa to begin with. There seems to be a slightly older clientele in the evening hours (40's-50's) rather than a younger single crowd, however I have heard their happy hour is quite good 4-7 but have not been myself. I would recommend this place to guys as a date place, to ladies for a girl night out, etc. The food is great and reasonable in price (12-20$) the chili rubbed flank steak is my favorite. EXTENSIVE wine list as well as wines by the glass is a big plus. There's an outdoor patio which is also a nice change of pace on cooler tampa evenings. Overall i think its a place to enjoy over and over again.
