The atmosphere, food and service are great! They have a new menu featuring Lebanese inspired Mediterranean cuisine. It's nice on the weekends especially because they have live music outside and a belly dancer both outside and inside. Also, if you're into hookah they have a good flavor selection and they are a great price, only $15 each! The inside is all redone with great decor and a beautiful new bar! Everyone there is very friendly too which makes for a great dining experience! Definitely recommend checking it out!
Friday, 8pm, 10/3/2014. Pros: lamb curry entree had a good gravy.  I will say it was the best falafel I've had outside of Lebanon itself. Cons: Ignored upon arrival, slow service.  Music was ridiculously loud.  It was 85% humidity outside and the misting fans were running, making it worse.  Moved inside hoping to stop sweating -- hardly any better.  Music volume was then turned up louder.  Had to yell at my dinner companions all night to have simple conversation we otherwise could have had at the Irish Pub two minutes down the road over a Guinness. No plans to return.
Really kind of a bummer. I have never actually eaten here because the past few times i went for drinks with friends the service was very poor. Ive been to fountain square probably 3 times and every visit has been drawn out because the service is aloof. All three times i have been the restaurant has not been busy yet they took about 10 minutes to take our order and then about 15 to 20 minutes for our beers to arrive! This location has so much potential but it really falls short. They have a good selection of beers but their cocktail menu is uninspired and bland. Really hope this place turns it around.
We were promptly greeted and seated.  The menu had so many great selections we  decided to order the mezze platter since we wanted to try everything.  The dolmas were fabulous- the rice was perfectly cooked, not mushy like most places make it.  The baba ghannoush was creamy with just a hint of smokiness.  The hummus was almost as good as I've had in the Middle East (almost; but then I've never had authentic Middle Eastern hummus in the USA).  The kibbeh with labneh for dipping was excellent.  The felafel was some of the best ever- crispy not greasy, really flavorful (as you know, felafel when poorly made is dry, cardboard-y, bland).  But the tabbouleh!  It was amazing.  One bite and I was transported back to a sidewalk cafe in the Old City of Jerusalem... It was more parsley and mint than bulgur, just like it's supposed to be.  The lemon brightened the tabbouleh instead of overwhelming it.  Even the pita was good- served warm in a basket, it was soft and slightly chewy, not hard or dried out.  I knocked off one star only because the place had some redecorating going on and looked a bit like a work in progress.  I'll be back!
This couldn't be a better location.  Nothing here in the last 10 years has been successful and I can't tell you why because I had enjoyed other businesses here.  But this place - I can tell you why: I haven't had the food. But, the service and speed of the bartender was pitiful. 'Nuff said.
Horrible, HORRIBLE SERVICE. Stood at the bar, which was barely busy, and never had our drink order taken. The two bartenders were running around like they had a packed house (Maybe 20 people in the whole place). As our group stood there, we kept our selves busy by people watching. A few people trickled in, and were served. We even tried signaling to the bartender (a guy) to no avail. Frustrated after 10-15 minutes, that we were invisible to the staff, we left and went next door to Yeomans. There we were served within minutes of walking in the door. Not a good way to get repeat business. I guess you must have to know the bartender or be a regular to be served. Not a good business model. We will not be back.
Awful food. The only thing they have going for them is the live music and drinks. Everything I've tried on their menu was horribly inedible.
This place is fun. It's located on a really happening corner of Davis Island in Tampa. Added to it is the amazing outdoor seating area and space for live bands to perform. The outdoor bar was pretty cool, too. I wasn't entirely pleased with the service, but since I was there with a race crowd, this could be why it was not up to par. Also, my waitress was new. However, the bartender who served us before we had ordered food was pretty great in helping us make drink choices. I also thoroughly enjoyed the food I ordered. The inside was clean and so was the bathroom!
I happened to be apart of a race crowd that was there to eat afterwards.  Instead of choosing a table, we sat around the bar in a shaded area.   There were fans blowing near the bar area so it was possible to stay cool and sit outside on a very hot day.   We were treated to live music and  the fountain was beautiful.  You could sit in the fountain area but you would be in direct sunlight. The food was delicious  and service was decent considering that there was a special event taking place at the restaurant.  The chicken and gravy was awesome!!! The drinks were also good.
Excellent ambiance and location, decent drink specials, the food I had was delicious, but the service was blah. And I was fooled into visiting by thinking they were helping a charity. No bueno. We attended for a Ronald McDonald house charity night, where the print ad said that $1 of every drink purchase goes to the Red Shoe Council. A friend works for this charity and set up this event, so we invited some others and gathered here on a Thursday evening. When I asked for my check, I found out that it wasn't that Fountain Square was helping the charity out by taking $1 of their profit from each drink purchase and giving it to charity, they were CHARGING an extra $1 on each of our checks. What a bummer. I was pretty disappointed in this. If this were the case, I could just put a dollar in a hat. Way to go the extra mile for charity, Fountain Square! We had no problem pulling some tables together and enjoying the summer day. There was a musician playing, they have fans to help cool you down on the hot patio, and two bars that you can sit at if you please. The drink specials were great, and ranged from rum, vodka, bottled beer, draft beer, shots, etc. I enjoyed my Buffalo Chicken Flatbread, although the flatbread was pretty flimsy. My friend also said the shrimp appetizer was great, as well. Definitely a unique place and easy to get to with ample parking. I'll try it out again!
An absolute disaster from start to finish.  Sat for at least 10 minutes before anyone noticed us.  we ordered a beer and a glass of Malbec. and a glass of water.  waiter returns to say they are out of malbec.  We ordered the shrimp and grits and the grouper mediteranian.  Then the waiter comes back and says that the kitchen is suggesting not to get the grouper, how about the chicken picatta? BF enjoyed the shrimp and grits, although it was a very small portion.  the picatta was another story.  I recieved a plate of spaghetti topped with some breaded chicken breasts topped with a small spattering of diced tomatos and a few capers.   I thought the menu said it was supposed to have a light lemon sauce, but i couldn't find any. the pasta was so dry it stuck together.  Unable to catch anyone's eye, and running out of time, as we had theater tickets, Ate the chicken and left the pasta.   When we were almost ready to leave, the waiter finally comes over.  I ask him about the missing sauce, tell him the dish was horrible.  He states,  "why didn't you tell me".   In their behalf, they did take the picatta off the check. But there is too much competition for this low level of food and service.
Fountain bar looks like a cool place to hang out and have a nice meal and drinks on their outdoor patio. Well, you're good as long as you stick with drinks only. The food is terrible. And I don't use that word freely. I had a grilled cheese and their fried Mac n' cheese balls. The grilled cheese was good, not great. But I haven't met a grilled cheese that I thought was bad, so they don't really get any points for not screwing up grilled cheese. The Mac n' cheese balls were disgusting. Literally. Everyone at my table agreed that they tasted like vomit. Actual vomit. First of all, it was not MACARONI and cheese as they stated, it was ANGEL HAIR and something that they chose to refer to as cheese. Had they stated on the menu that it was an angel hair pasta ball, I would have passed. It was seriously repulsive. Ugh, I shudder just thinking about it. My friends, on the other hand, both ordered the california / southwest / something-or-other chicken sandwich and I quote "I can't even be repulsed by this because it's just so bland". Both parties agreed that it was like eating cardboard, so I didn't bother even trying it. Fountain Bar gets two stars because the atmosphere and service is good, and the drinks aren't bad either. But stay far far away from the food!
Living in FLorida we have the Luxury of enjoying a meal outside at most times without any interruption from mother-nature. The atmosphere and the music is all very soothing. Unfortunately I can't say a whole lot for the food. A few of us have heard about their Shrimp and grits and compared to some other local restaurant it's lacking. The menu was adventurous, but with the 6 of us, we all decided that it is more suited for happy hour. Will try again possibly.
We decided on this place after our initial location was on a 45 minute wait. We were greeted and sat promptly, however the server was obviously inexperienced in every aspect of service, although very nice and apologetic. Our appetizer took over 30 mins to arrive, and it was burnt at that, which we asked a different server if the order had even been sent. They blamed it on a computer error. When our entrees arrived after another 20 minutes, the grouper was over cooked, the salad was way overdressed, and the mussels were cold and broth less.  The server again was very apologetic and even comped almost the entire meal. Not sure if I would try this place again regardless of the server's attempt at persuasion that this is a bad transition period. The only good thing I could say about this place is the location.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon after walking around the Davis Islands restaurants for a few minutes. We sat outside. It was not crowded and we were helped by a waitress after a couple of minutes. I love the space at Fountain Square.I've dined here when it was several other places. I've always loved the patio, the Spanish style building, and the cool fountain in the front. Too bad in Florida, there are about 3 weeks were outdoor dining sounds like a good idea to me. We ordered drinks and spinach dip to start. The spinach dip was served with tortilla chips but was lacking in flavor. We both felt like it needed something and ended up adding salt and pepper. We then moved on to chicken wings and fries for our main course. We ordered two styles of wings: medium buffalo and sweet and spicy wings. The buffalo wings were definitely not medium as they had hardly any flavor at all. The sweet and spicy wings turned out to be wings with a combo of BBQ sauce and wing sauce. These were actually really good! They were both served with the usual- celery, blue cheese and ranch dressing. The fries were decent. They are a thick, steak fry. The ketchup was the weird vinegary ketchup, not a normal Heinz or Hunt's. Guess I'm spoiled but as I ate the fries I kept tasting the weird tang of too much vinegar. Overall, Fountain Square was meh. I would be willing to give it another try but I'm not going to be rushing back.
While the atmosphere was cozy with nice warm, inviting colors the food was awful and the service was mediocre.  There was not much to my lamb schawarma and it was quite dry.  Someone in our party ordered fish and it was rank!  At one point, I literally had to excuse myself from the table to get away from the overwhelming odor of the fish.  I sure hope the guy who ate it didn't get ill!!  I don't have much hope for this place.
2 for 1 well drinks. All day every day. You can't beat sitting outside on a cool evening; the heaters glowing, fountain flowing and live music surrounding your ears. To make it even better, they have cushioned bench seating as well as table seating. We only went for drinks, but will try their food menu soon!
We went here with a group of about 15-20 people for a charity event.  I liked the atmosphere, very nice setting with a fountain on the patio and live music.  They had lots of happy hour specials, definitely something for everyone.  Service was just ok - a little slow, but probably because of the size of our group. I ordered a rum drink, which was a little strong on the cranberry and the coconut shrimp - it was delicious!  Might have had a second cocktail, but was never offered one.  Added Bonus - There was not an added gratuity even with our large group. Would like to try this place again with a smaller group in hopes of better service.
Don't come hungry because the food is disgusting. Like...the worst I've had in a looooong time.  Sitting outside on a nice Sunday afternoon listening to live music was nice but the horrible service and nasty food killed it.  Four of us came for brunch and half the meals were incorrect but all of them tasted bad.  I ordered my daughter chocolate chip pancakes off the menu but they were buttermilk cakes with a little chocolate syrup on to. When I mentioned it to the server he went back to kitchen and was told they don't even have chocolate chips. Why are they on the menu??!!  If you're teetering on whether or not to order food just walk to the bathroom first.  I wish I had! You will get the roaches in the kitchen vibe. Eeeeeewwwwweee!
I struggled with deciding whether to give Fountain Square 3 or 4 stars. The food left something to be desired but the place is absolutely adorable. The restaurant is located on a corner of Davis Island. It's got a fountain babbling in the  center of the dining area and a small stage for performances. We went at night and there was a guy playing Jimmy Buffet and Jack Johnson. I imagine that in August or even now (May) that dining area might be a scorcher! The area feels like something you'd stumble across on your way home from the beach. There were three of us and between us we ordered Fried Chicken, Greek Salad, and a cheeseburger. All of which where bland. I wouldn't call it bad food. It was edible but in the way that the cheap place in the airport sells edible food. The only thing that stood out was the corn that was served as a side to the Fried Chicken that had ham in with a sort of creamy sauce mixed in. Regardless of the food, the drinks were good. In my opinion the atmosphere made up for the lack luster food. I wanted to take my shoes off and sway to some island tunes. I remember seeing something about a happy hour. I imagine I'll be back for that as it's a great place to get some drinks with friends. Maybe the food will taste better after a couple of cocktails!
I tried this place despite the poor reviews, and it was really much worse than I expected. At first, it took 20 mins for someone to talk to us. By that time we were prepped and ready with good and drink orders, but they would only take drink orders. The server that ended up waiting on us was actually really helpful and nice. After our appetizer was delivered late, he said it was on the house. Then the creepy owner came to the table and coldly and briefly welcomed us only to ask who brought our appetizer in a rude and gruff tone and then walk alway with a frustrated and toxic air about him. And that left sour taste that the subpar burgers couldn't wash down.
Good food, nice portions, great atmosphere. Huge patio with bar for outdoor dining/drinking. Huge indoor area too. Pretty good service, but a bit slow at lunch time. Will be back again.
Sat on the patio and wasn't greeted after 5 minutes. Moved to right next to the bar and still wasn't greeted. Had to go to the bar to get drinks and menus and order food. Bartenders face looked like she hated life and wanted to watch the world burn. Ordered a flat bread that didn't come out for 35 minutes. Closed out and left. I'll never go back.
Very bad service. The older ginger blonde Sunday bartender sucks.  The owner must not care that employees deliver on service. Must be banking on location. Wings/fries took over 20 min and fries heat lamp chewy. We sat in front of him at bar. Took 10 min to get greeted. After $8 shorts & food we didn't get checked on til we were about done. He must be new to hospitality. You check within first 3 min. Very simple. Will make sure to warn anyone that they will be disappointed. Too bad. We had high hopes for something neighborhood nice.
Food was ok- service was good though.  Staff was really nice.  I would come back again.
I took my mom to Davis Island from New York. We decided to go to Fountain Square because it looked like it had a cool fun atmosphere. However it took us 15 to be greeted, and then we got our drinks, ordered and after an hour left because we still had not received our appetizer. Horrible service horrible everything. I was embarrassed that I brought my mom here bragging how lovely Davis Island was.
This is a real life "Cheers" atmosphere where everyone knows everyone's name! The ambiance can't be beat, especially when it's not summer time. 2 outdoor/covered bars, and indoor game room with a juke box and a beautiful courtyard fountain. Drinks are well priced and "strong". The menu is varied and everything I have tried has been delicious. I particularly like their boneless buffalo wings, which are not breaded but lightly dusted with flour and not too greasy. The Squash boats and the grilled cheese are both delicious and they have a really tasty brunch menu on Sunday. I go here often and will continue to! Ask for Jimmy (at the actual corner bar) and tell him Jen & Tonic sent you :)
Do not go here! My card was charged twice and when I spoke with the manager he blew me off and would not return my call. My card was not credited and I had to dispute it with my credit card company. I will never go here again and would caution any customer to check their statement after charging anything here or pay cash.
The food is great and so is the atmosphere! The only thing that could be improved is the service. We have eaten here quite a few times and every time the service is pretty slow. I've also had an experience when I was grabbing take out from the bar and I told the bartender I didn't need a bag because I was only going across the street. She went to get me some extra condiments and another bartender came up and started complaining about the other one. She put my box in a bag and said " I'm sorry she didn't give you a bag, she is new and doesn't have it together."  I explained to her I didn't one but was kinda shocked she was speaking badly about her coworker. Another time my daughter and I were going there for a quick meal and we sat at a table for about 10 minutes. After being ignored I went up to a male bartender that was working and asked if there is a server who could take care of us. He looked at me blankly and asked if we were dining in and I said " yeah that's why we've been sitting at that table for 10 minutes." I had made eye contact with him quite a few times during that 10 minutes of waiting so he knew we were there. Other than the slow service and obvious break down of communication from the front of house staff it's a fun place to hang out listen to great music and drink with friends. As long as you don't want refills or fast service your good to go.
Great location but horrible service and not so good food. The managers/owners don't care about your experience.
Food was ok. Limited menu items. Frozen  grouper on menu, tasted REALLY fishy, i.e. old!
Love the atmosphere, but have tried on two occasions to dine here and both times it was ridiculously slow for average (generous adjective) and never over lukewarm food. I think they had enough time to work out the kinks, so we won't be back.  I'd rather go to Yeomans for friendly people and a great burger -- or any of the other restaurants on the island. Such a shame since it has such a perfect location for al fresco dining.
Had drinks, then appetizers, then dinner. This is NOT bar food. Everything we ordered was phenomenal, not only in taste but also in presentation. A little salty, but excellent. Definitely better food than lots I've had. Worth a stop. And live music every night.
Best sliders in town. Try the combo to get three different iterations on one plate -- addictive.   Flat breads are good, too.  And the black bean hummus dip is a healthy choice.  Pours are generous and inexpensive.  I echo the reviewer who said the food is great and so is the atmosphere.  For those who like a sports bar (flat screens abound and surround) with live (and good) music, this place can't be beat.  And if you live on DI, this is a great place for locals; there is no need to go over the bridge -- just walk, ride a bike, ride in your golf cart, or drive and park in the dedicated parking lot on the west side of the building.  Fountain Square is under new management, so give it a chance to show that the service issue mentioned in past posts has been cured.  I believe you won't be disappointed.  The World Cup competition is a great excuse to try it out, and so are Rays games.  The crowd is friendly, too.
The only reason they get 1 star is because I can't give zero.  I was there on a Saturday night (3/1) with 10-15 friends.  The restaurant area was busy and the bar was relatively crowded but not out of control in my opinion.  I was able to get to the bar with ease and the bartender (a guy in a dumb hat) saw me and said "it's going to be a few minutes" in a pretty rude tone of voice but whatever, not a huge deal.  After about 10 minutes he finally got to me.  I ordered a beer for myself and asked "do you make mojitos?" for my girlfriend.  He looked at me like I had just kicked his dog or something and said, with zero sarcasm in his voice, "you're going to be that big of a pain in my a$$ when we're this busy?"  I'm sorry, but if you're a bartender, your job is to make drinks.  And honestly, if it's going to be that difficult for you to make one you can say "sorry man, we don't make mojitos" and I would have quickly ordered something else.  Instead, 10+ people immediately left his bar, went across the street, were served immediately and stayed there all night, spending hundreds of dollars and providing great tips to friendly bartenders at Islands Pizza.  He not only lost out on a ton of business for that night, but he lost a bunch of customers for life.  If you've lived in the area for a while then you know that location on Davis Island has been a bunch of different bars and restaurants and I won't be surprised to see yet another business fail in the not so distant future.  Good riddance.
Good food reasonably priced.  Service is a little slow.  Too loud to talk and most of the outdoor seating is covered so it is dark.
