Stopped by this place on my way to CT. I wanted to get a climbing session in and chose this place for the ratings. Overall, the gym is on the better half of ones that I've been to. The top roping is pretty serious and the boulder problems are unique. What I noticed with the boulder problems was that most of them required interesting moves that I hadn't been forced to do in a long time. I would have liked to meet the problem setter because there was clearly a lot of thought and creativity that went into setting them up. The grades were also fairly consistent which is greatly appreciated. The atmosphere was laid back and relaxed as it should be. The problems were getting slightly on the worn side but they might be up for a reset soon. They definitely weren't in a bad state yet. If I lived in that area, I'd definitely be returning to get a membership. The only down side was that there was a massive birthday party going on with screaming kids in the background. I suppose that's what I get for going on a weekend.
Great place for climbing if you are a novice or expert lots of exercise by climbing and helpfull staff
My roommate and I purchased a two person Groupon for a climbing 101 class and a month of unlimited climbing time and rentals  back in September of 2013. After several rescheduled classes later, we finally activated our Groupon earlier this month. Although I think that the quality of the climbing class really depends on the instructor and number of students in the class, I do think that Cliffs does a very good job of ensuring that every new climber learns the proper techniques and knows how to keep themselves safe. Since we got belay certified, we've been to Cliffs several times, both to top rope and to boulder. I like the openness of the gym, and the fact that everyone is friendly and willing to share the equipment/space. There is a broad range of climbing routes, from the most elementary to the most expert, which - as a climbing novice - I really appreciate. Also, everything that you need to climb (shoes, harness, ATC, carabiner, chalk, etc.) can all be rented, and everything seems to be sanitized/cared for properly (although the shoes do tend to smell bad after a while). Depending on how the rest of our trial month goes, I'd definitely consider a monthly membership here!
Fun time with a knowledgeable guide.  DH and I took a three hour beginner's class with two other couples.   The time passed quickly, because the course was well timed.  The instruction was very clear, and we had lots of practice with safety harnesses, etc. Overall, a really positive atmosphere, filled with enthusiastic climbers. We still need to go back to pass a ropes test, before being able to climb without supervision.  Looking forward to it!
I'm very new to the sport of rock climbing so I don't have anything with which to compare, but I think this is a great facility. Located just off the Bronx River Parkway between North White Plains and Pleasantville, it's quiet on Saturday and Sunday mornings and pretty busy on Weekday evenings and Weekend afternoons. I recently bought a package for the 101 and 201 classes. The package also includes a free month membership. The 101 course was great. I completed the class with a nice foundation of basic climbing knowledge and took and passed the Belay test so that my husband and I can come and climb on our own/belay each other without supervision. The staff is friendly and welcoming.  The space is large and there are many walls for climbing and bouldering. It's pretty amazing to sit back and watch the folk who are seasoned climbers. People weightlessly scale the walls like they're Spiderman. And even though, as a new climber I feel a bit like an outsider looking in, the Cliffs seem to foster a true sense of community and comaraderie among its members.
Not bad as a climbing gym from the previous generation (one step above wooden plank boards for walls). Much like a lot of the previously established gyms from around the turn of the 21st century, Cliffs at Valhalla has rough-texture climbing walls (probably old-Rockwerx), blue padded floors, and big crash pads to pull around for landing areas. The gym's atmosphere is also very much reminescent of the growing climbing gyms: dimly-lit, chalky air, and aged climbing holds on walls erected in a warehouse. That being said however, it's a decent gym. The layout allows for a lot of the climbers to be relatively close together (boulderers and rope climbers) without overcrowding, allowing for a very social atmosphere. Simple campus board system and training area is there for those that want it (although having a system board right next to a cubby wall probably isn't the best of safety practices). The shop is also a good size, featuring a lot of merchanidse that you can't buy from REI, EMS, etc., such as Organic and Verve products. The most important factor, for me anyways, that determines if a climbing gym is worth staying is the route setting quality. I have yet to try the rop routes, but the handful of boulder routes I've tried are pretty good. Clever beta, and many that tests your movement limits. Setters do tend to over-crowd the walls a bit by putting on too many holds and tons of multi-taping, so quality may suffer in some cases, but if you pick your routes, you'll be sure to find some gems. Overall this gym isn't bad. For what you get though, $18/day for a pass is a little steep. There are similar gyms that has is similar in size and quality that charge only around $12. They also don't have separate pricing for boulderers and rope-climbers only either - it's $18 flat for everyone (not including rental gear). I'll update my review as I visit there a few more times, but so far the route setting and the friendly climbers there are enough to keep this gym on my list of neighborhood-places-to-climb.
My wife got me a "learn to climb" package almost a year ago. This place has officially replaced a conventional gym for me. The staff couldn't be more helpful, generous and genuinely stoked to have you there.  Al and Roger were my two teachers and  I can't say enough positive things about them.  Routes are very regularly re-set, but not so fast that you don't get a chance to master the toughies. Some weeknights get crowded, but I have never had to wait in a line to get on the wall. Bouldering problems are fun and a-plenty. As an added plus, the jerky they sell at the front desk is really damn good. If I ever move I will really miss this place as it is the standard by which all other climbing gyms I go to will be compared.
Not bad. The belay test is more intense than the ones i've taken because it was a pop quiz along with the usual belay stuff. REMEMBER TO ANCHOR YOURSELF IF YOU ARE BELAYING! I got pulled up a foot or two (I'm short) because I clipped on the last loop. Boy did I learn the next time to clip lower down the anchoring loops. A little disappointed that they rope off a section (which can be a lot considering the size of the area) for parties. So we just rush over when we see it free. Otherwise you have to wait around. I suggest you rent the shoes if you don't own a pair. It's sad to watch people not getting the maximum grips for an ultimate climb when they're in street shoes.
I took my son there for their "Friday Night Rocks" Kids event.  I did it to see if my son wanted to have his 7th birthday party there...well we have been back every Friday since.  The staff is fantastic and super friendly and more importantly KNOWLEDGEABLE.  He loves going and is really looks forward to it every Friday.  The price is great for a 2 hr drop-off.  We will be having his birthday party there for sure.
The climbing walls here are fantastic - there's a huge variety of levels and a really nice section for bouldering. Add a few auto-belays and you have a winner. My complaint is with the staff. They were severely understaffed on the Friday night I went there and the result was confusion checking in and getting equipment. The few staff they did have didn't seem helpful or eager to answer questions. Once we got started climbing though, everything was fine.
I must be dumb. Valhalla is clearly the best gym in new york besides brooklyn boulders. They have so much bouldering it's ridiculous. Why would I even think the roc club had more? That place sucks so bad. I've only been climbing for the summer (almost 3 months) and I'm working V5's. Everyone here is so friendly. A lot of the people that work here I've become friends with. The problems are so good that I don't even mind climbing them over and over. There's also a little section in the cave with maybe 10 bouldering problems (a little hidden gem). Kootz is the best setter ever. PJ sets good shit that he thinks are V3's and V4's but they are really V5's and V6's. Don't worry the music is good. Don't go anywhere else (besides BKB) because Valhalla is the bomb. Plus if you had a summer membership then you get one month free off  a yearly membership.
I just started climbing, got my belay cert here through their 101 class. Immediately took up a fascination with Bouldering. I have been going every few days for the last month. The staff knows what they are doing and the instructors are really patient and have a great grasp of their craft. The atmosphere is friendly and most of the people will help you with anything that is on your mind about climbing even the people that don't work there. Whether you are a beginner or an expert this is a great place to be. I saw plenty of kids parties and classes being taught and they all seemed to work out well. This is also a great supplement to any type of training you are doing. Best place in the area.
Awesome vibe, clean facilities and great space.  It's located at the end of a brick school building in the middle of nowhere (watch out for those potholes).  There are several climbing walls of various difficulty, with a max height of 60 feet. It's great for groups.  I've seen everything from 4-year-old birthday parties to marines training for puzzle solving under stress situations.   Most of the staff are students.  They're helpful when asked but a bit lazy and slow other times.  Can get crowded but people are generally respectful.  Though as in all exercise facilities, you have some jocks and people who don't know how to share. Be sure to reserve ahead of time for a class, because the teacher won't show up if there are no students.
I've been to my fair share of Rock Gyms and I can say this one by far takes the cake.  There's no bad vibe! Everytime I've ever gone everyone, both staff and members have been friendly and encouraging.  The walls are reset rather frequently, which is a huge plus in the off season.  I've never been stuck climbing or bouldering the same route because there weren't any new ones. There classes are frequent and full of great info. V.C. they fixed the potholes and I've never experienced laziness from staff or the typical gym rat hoarding the area.  I'm sorry you did! C.S.They've become a bit more receptive with el musico, lol. I digress, When it comes to climbing gyms and rating them I give this place a full 5 stars. From features, to staff, to facilities, to parking, to merchandise.  It all adds up and flows.  Rest ashure you I am but a regular member, I have no ties to the owners or staff other than climbing.
My family and I decided to check out the Cliffs at Valhalla after my nephew expressed an urge to try out rock climbing. The location was a little hard to find (don't Google Maps it, it gives you 15 Wall St.), but once we got there it was smooth sailing. For around $40, you get 4 climbs up a wall of your choice and someone there to help you out. The climbs kicked my ass, and I was sore for 2 days afterwards. Don't worry if you forget to bring the right shoes, they have everything you need to rent. There were some serious climbers there, but there were also kids trying it out and having fun. Great impromptu way to spend a Saturday!
Right off the bat let me say that I am NOT a climber.  My friend and I took the Rock Climbing 101 class to try something new.  We had a lot of fun and though most of the class was on how to tie knots I got a great workout.  Everyone seemed very accepting of us and the instructor's enthusiasm for the sport rubbed off on us.
If you're stuck in Northeast for the winter, this is the best place I can suggest in the area.  The Cliffs has great bouldering areas (yes, that's multiple bouldering areas!), wonderful top-rope and sport routes, and even an upstairs with shorter, easier climbs for newbies and/or parties.  The routes are alternated regularly and the place is managed by knowledgeable, friendly staff.  If you want a place to climb without egos, go here!  As a student, I think you can get $50/mo memberships if you sign up for one year.  Otherwise, I think it's $60/mo if you sign up for one year.  And they've got some cardio and other climbing equipment (rings, campus board) so it actually could be your one-stop gym, especially in winter.  The only bummer is the high-priced $16 day pass.
Had a blast rock climbing at The Cliffs at Valhalla.  Wasn't to happy about strapping the harness on BUT hey safety first.  Watching the kids (and some adults) climb up like superman was a bit intimidating but I gave it a try and glad to say I made it to the top! Lots of family fun!
I go almost every day with my membership. Their prices are great for an annual membership of about 60$ well worth it compared to other gyms in the area. I drive about 25-30 minutes from my home to go but again, well worth it. The people there are extremely helpful with everything from gear to technique on the walls. They offer classes, parties, and daily rates if you just want to try it out. I started with their summer program of 150$ for the three months and got addicted to going. If you are looking for a great work out that's a lot of fun with fantastic friendly people this is the place to be. Its kid friendly but there are definitely more adults that are just having fun!
Horrible. If you want your kids to get hurt, bring em here!  'Safety expert' took five minutes to remember how to tie a figure 8 knot, and still did it wrong. Really really terrible knowledge of how to properly belay, tie knots or take general safety precautions.  Also, multiple anchors were lose, but the 'safety expert' noted how they had tape on them so people would know not to use them...
great for parties and for the whole family.
I am partial! But this is my favorite climbing gym.  It all started for me at this locale.  The have the best climbing class I have ever seen anywhere.  They staff is very helpful and they are on top of people being safe at all times. They have a great climbing store, good snacks, rest area and show some fun videos.  There is a great variety in climbs and a whole area just for kids - adults can climb there too!  There have a great deal of instruction here all very useful.  I recommend going even if you are not in the area!  It is worth the drive.
