great burgers and onion rings!!! the best mudslide i ever had in my life...
I've tried this place on two separate occasions. First time was with a group of eight people, all of whom got their food except for me (waitress forgot my order). Was turned off for a few months, and tried it again more recently. My order was incorrect, and again the service was less than desirable (and borderline horrible). Good restaurant in theory, but fails to deliver. Better burger joints in town, and al are at a more reasonable price...
to be fair, i wasn't too hungry when i was here, and i had a few things on my mind;  i would've eaten whatever appeared on the plate in front of me. but two things i do remember from this place: pretty dang decent bloody marry. and the decor: hip and outdoorsy. i'd love to come back when it's not so hot and humid outside and just relax with a burger and a beer or two my friends.
if youre lookin for a good burger, you wont want to go anywhere but here for one after you go!
Glad I found an awesome place for burgers! The service here is 5 stars - friendliness, polite and helpful. They really have their act together especially the cool chicks that run the curbside pick-up (just awesome)! The Kobe beef burger with fried egg is so good. For an Angeleno who's used to IN n Out and Father's Office - Square 1 are definitely one of my top 5!
A little pricey but well worth it.  I'm not too fond of all the crazy choices they had, so I went with the Classic burger and was very satisfied. One of the best I have ever had. Nice outdoor eating area
Tried to go to Square One for lunch today. Usually I can navigate a restaurant's menu with some clarification questions and changes to accommodate my gluten intolerance; however, for the first time since I went gluten-free a year ago, I was told that Square One has NOTHING on the menu that's gluten free, so my friend and I had to leave. Too bad.
We always get the same thing when we go here. We get the Old-Fashioned burger (mustard, onions and pickles). It is SO good! We usually split a chocolate milk shake too, you know, to make it super old fashion. Also, the staff is always pleasant. Definitely recommend!
I really would wanted to rate them some where between a 3 and 3 1/2 Stars but the service was great and the owner/manager coming to check up on us pushed them to a 4 Star Burger Joint. Classy looking place with a lot of nice little booths with a "cow skin" back for many of the booths. Appetizers: - Smoked Wings: Good Taste but a bit on the dry side. We had the Buffalo and BBQ - Onion Rings: Nice fresh batter, very good size quantity of homemade rings but they just needed a little more taste. If it was for the fresh chipotle mayo they send out it would've been really bland. - We had 3 different burgers: Pablano Pena Burger - Very messy and hard to eat. Mine came out a bit over charred but a good size 6 oz patty. South of the Border Burger - Also a bit messy but still good tasting but also a bit over charred. All American Burger - Cooked perfect, not so messy and hit the spot. Price was ranged from $9.50-$12 for their 6oz patty almost anyway you want it. Sides: Fries - ok Mac-N-Cheese - pass on this one next time. YES, I would go back!
This place was okay. I was expecting a lot more though. Inside was nice and our service was really good. Just didn't have the taste I thought it would. One of my kid's burger was undercooked and the manager took care of us. We didn't  complain, she just happened to see us looking closely at a pink center of the kid burger. So, kudos to the manager for coming by and taking card if us.
What draw me into this place initially was their lamb burger, you know, I am a sucker for lamb, and  oh boy I was in for a wonderful treat! First of all,  the burger  was huge, juicy, and has plenty of flavor. Their sweet potato fries was Also a hit!! Now let's move on to the decor, it simple and RED. They have nice outdoor eating area. In all, I had a great experience at Burger One, that I brought my husband with me a week later.
Ok sometimes you have to suck it up and say "oops" after a tremendously disappointing dinner due to poor service, Dylan the manager, assured us he was on top of things and making changes. The food is always consistent and great quality. Tonight the service was exceptional. And Dylan greeted my son, Dylan, and I warmly. Kids love that, and any parent knows if they are happy, so is the parent. However, my 12 yo, future yelper is the biggest critic and forgets nothing. He says "thumbs up"...Kudos Dylan for making the extra effort, great management, and overseeing everything coming out of the little meets your expectations.
Quick Summary: Thick and juicy burgers, that are excellently cooked to perfection. Onion rings are huge and have a nice flaky breading on top of them. It's a good place to go if you're looking for a burger that has a bit more umph to it. It has been a while since I've had a good 'fancy' burger and decided to give this place.  It's a bit unfortunate that they're located near my I believe is the worst intersection of Tampa (Dale Mabry & Henderson)... but if you approach on Henderson from the East, it's not too bad to get in there.  The parking lot is a bit oddly shaped, but there seemed to be a plethora of spots. Wednesdays is $3.00 onion rings, I highly recommend getting them, but be warned it is a plate to be shared! They're handcut onions and the breading is a very nice flakiness to them. The sauce that comes with it is a pretty standard zesty sauce, but complements the rings quite well. I like a spicy burger so I went with the Poblano Peno, medium rare. Now this can be tricky in some places, but they did an excellent job here. Very nice red center... juicy as ever.... The brioche bun was a bit small, but that could have been placement of the patty... however it was expertly prepared... good toasted crust on the inside and soft on the exterior.  I got a good flavor of the poblano pepper, but did not overpower the good burgerness. Not as spicy as I would like, but it did have a solid kick; good for someone that doesn't regularly burn their tastes buds off. The service was excellent here, very friendly and checked up just enough. I often dine alone and usually people just come and go, which is ok with me, but it was nice that my server engaged in *just* a bit of conversation, gives a nice break from my otherwise silent meal. Overall, I enjoyed my meal here. The burgers were nicely prepared and they had a decent variety on the menu. The interior is bit contemporary feel to it, but with a lot of screens around the room; so it may be a good place to take the family out for a nicer burger, but still catch your game :)
I've been going to square 1 burgers on/off for the last four years. I've always had good to excellent customer service. But after last night, I felt the need to log on and tell about our wonderful experience. We were out celebrating an early birthday, and in the course of dinner my father-in-law, who is a diabetic, realized that his insulin pump had run out of batteries. Now this wasn't a huge deal, he could of easily drove up to the local cvs and back in less than ten minutes. We decided to ask our waitress to see if they have a spare battery laying around, after scowering the back of the restaurant they were unable to locate a battery. So they then scavenged batteries from the remote to the televisions. This was above and beyond the call of duty, and then some more. I cannot express how wonderful the service is at Square 1 burgers. Also, the food is excellent. Seriously some dammed good burgers...even if they did get rid of build a burger.
I know, it's weird...the vegetarian loving the burger joint. I cannot deny it! One of the best veggie burgers I've ever had! I order the veggie patty prepared like the 3 mushroom burger...it's heavenly. And the fried pickles- there are no words to describe the deliciousness! The ONLY reason I hesitate to give it 5 stars is the service is hit or miss. Some servers are magical and some could really use some work but I think that's everywhere. The food is totally worth the shot. Super cute atmosphere too! Definitely save room for a milkshake!
This place was awful. My friend and I are in the restaurant industry so we understand mistakes, but this was overbearing. The server took over ten mins just to greet us then another ten to get us waters. We sat outside for our dogs since they have a menu for them but it even took them to get waters too. After waiting twenty minutes she finally came back for  our orders... just so happens forty minutes later the server says the kitchen lost the ticket. Once we finally received our meals, my friend's came out smothered in sauce that she specifically asked for on the side, twice. A manager should've at least came out before we paid. It caused our 30 min dinner to turn to over two hours. Safe to say we will not be returning.
Stopped in on whim for lunch last Saturday. We were sat in a mildew smelly room close to the bathrooms. I wish this would have been the worst of our experience, but sadly no. Ordered a Kobe' burger, my gf got the sliders. Our waitress asked what we would like our sides to be, we chose onion rings and fried jalapeños. The burger and rings were average, very salty like other reviewers have stated. The bill..$60!! Two margaritas a beer sliders and a hamburger!! They charged us extra for our sides!! Our waitress failed to mention that and it was NOT on the menu. Service was poor as well. Won't be back.
Ordered lunch for our office from square one today. Very specific details on the order were handled to perfection. The burgers were tasty the fries were just right. The service was very professional and the manager greeted me warmly.  A good old-fashioned take-out order with delicious food and warm professional staff.   We've found our new favorite lunch take-out spot!............ Dr. Y. C. Leon
The burgers are good but not worth the money. They are 6 oz. size.  The French fries are nothing to write home about.
Food is good. There are some appetizers that are questionable such as Frito lays bag opened and with chili, and the breaded pickle. The first couple times I went there they had delicious mushroom egg rolls, however after that they decided to discontinue them. The server recommended a breaded pickle and it wasn't that good.  Manager asked me about everything and I told him that I was disappointed about not having the mushroom egg rolls and he said, "we make great hamburgers." I told him that I didn't come for hamburgers and there are already enough places making them and that I came for mushroom egg rolls. I don't know if they reinstated the mushroom egg rolls because I have not returned.  I was so disappointed with that decision to scratch that dish that I figured I don't want to know what other bonehead decisions they will make.
So...where to start. I'ma little disappointed in the review of my fellow yelpers after eating here. I read a bunch of review for this place with the overwhelming ones being pretty good. But honestly it's not that great. The burgers here are good, but not the best, comparable to burger 21, maybe even not that good...but don't get me wrong, it was still pretty good. The appetizers here are so small....just so small. I paid $6 for the woo hoo fries and they were just not up to par. While I'm on the topic of fries I'll say there sweet potato fries are easily the worst sweet potato fries I've ever had. It's nice that they are fresh and hand cut, but still, there was apart no flavor. The wings here are definitely a thumbs down. There was an ok amount of meat on the bones, but it was just so greasy and it tasted like grease and not chicken. The servers here are also not the best. I was really disappointed in the service here. Getting seats, finding our seat, waiting to order!!!! waiting for food. Out server was almost non existent. Ok, but on a happy note the shakes are actually pretty good. So if you get a burger, regular fries and a shake, you'll be happy. You won be happy with the price, but you'll be happy with the food....for the most part...sortof. So all in all, I'll prolly never come here again, it just wasn't worth how much money we spent, but the burgers and shakes are still pretty good, that's why it got three stars instead of two.
When you're in the mood for a burger that's not just any burger, this is the spot you have to go. It's nicer inside than any burger joint you've ever been in, and the food follows right along with the look. I don't mind a hole in the wall, but I also like places with a unique look and feel. This place fits the bill. Even more unique than the look is the food. I absolutely love the Drunken Pig and Bull which has pulled pork on top. I haven't had it yet, but I've heard the Lamb Burger is out of this world as well. The sliders are fantastic too. They bring some by where I work (ClearChannel Radio) as well as to some of the live events we do and people always go crazy for them. A couple of days ago a co-worker fo mine brought home sliders with pineapple on them. I'm not sure what they were, but I could have eaten 100 of them!
This restaurant is owned by the owners of Bella's and they are doing a fine job here also.  Located on Henderson Blvd, just off Dale Mabry. Went for a burger at lunch and ordered the Wednesday $3.00 onion ring special as an app.  The onion rings were on a dinner plate and over a foot tall, very good but the two of us could not finish and ended up ordering a salad rather than a burger. Do have good burgers and good atmosphere.
This place is a good spot if your in the mood for a burger. They have a variety and different proteins to choose from if you don't like red meat. It's kind of hard to choose if you are not a picky person. I got the juicy Lucy it had cheddar cheese in the middle it was great. I had it with a side of sweet potato fries. My boyfriend got the mushroom and I had a bite of his. It had a lot of flavor and wasn't dry. I only gave it 4 stars because the manager walked around and checked on every table but ours.
Stumbled upon this gem on our first night in Tampa. It is a MUST visit! Great drink specials under $5, draft beer under $3. I ordered the "GREEK" burger and it was delicious!  The fries are amazing too I'll probably go back again this trip
Awesome variety of great burgers. I ate lunch here 2 days in a row I was so impressed the first time around. Hit this place during happy hour for great beer specials. The "Greek" lamb burger was pretty awesome and cooked perfectly. The second day I had the Kobe bacon and blue, it pretty much melted in my mouth. The onion rings are worth the upcharge and come with a spicy sauce that has just enough zip to get you to say "wow!". The sweet potato fries have some brown sugar sprinkled on them and were cooked perfectly. Hats off to the cooks. Bartender was great and gave us the whole rundown on the place/menu since we were first-timers. I'm hooked!
I am usually not in this area, but found myself in this direction and pulled up my trusty "nearby" section on my YELP appetizers and discovered this gem. The decor is all animal print booths, deer, elk and cow busts on the walls and antelope antler hanging lights, quite unique. It made me think it was a chain from another state, but in talking to the manager this was their fornication and now they have a total of 7 in Florida. It was Wednesday,  so onion rings were $3.00. OMG this big and I mean BIG plate of beautiful onion rings appeared at the table, they would have been a meal all on their own. The width of most of the onion rings was about 4 inches and about 20 or so were mounted very high. They were very lightly battered, very crispy, not greasy and abdolutely delicious.  They were served with a side of re moulade sauce that had a bit of a bite, but nothing too overwhelming. After 2 of us not being able to finish the onion rings, here come the burgers. Let me note here that the burgers are served with fries, baked beans, broccoli or coleslaw.  For a dollar or so more you can get sweet potato fries or onion rings. I got the rise and shine burger. A perfectly toasted chabatta rolll, with crisp pieces of a pplewood smoked bacon, some raw onion, the medium, perfectly cooked and seasoned burger, a perfectly cooked fried egg and melted gorgonzola cheese. What a burger and them the heavens sang! Note you and add , subtract, switch meats, buns make most changes within reason, that was a happy surprise. My friend has been restricted to no red meat so had a chicken burger, with bacon and accoutrements and did not even miss the beef. They had classic french soup, beercheese soup, fried prickles and do much more, but after the onion rings, we both could only force down half a burger bevause we were so full! They had all kinds of milkshakes made with Blue Bell ice cream and they even had beignets. I swear there Is  always room for ice cream, but I had to pass. That's just fine, next time I will just go for desserts great idea, yes? My grandparents were from Michigan and always had to have Vernor's ginger ale and thry had a ice cream float made with this, that brought back many childhood memories. The staff was great, ambiance was unique and nice, service and food was great.  It would have been a 5* experience, except for the fries. Unfortunately the fries were a disappointment. They were not crispy and that just ruins the whole fry experience.  What is it with these restaurants and fries. We all know double fried fries are the best, fries make up half the equation of eating a burger and fries and they really are easy to cook in your deep fryers...I am confused, a dive bar gets an A on fries and a burger and fry restaurant flunked on the fries. The burger and onion rings were so good, I am only going to take away 1*.  If I hadn't ordered the onion rings, I would have had to remove an additional star. What's a girl to do? I can give classes in the proper cooking technique for fries.
I had some appointments in South Tampa this afternoon and decided to check out Square 1 Burger for lunch. You'll find this high-end gourmet burger bistro along Henderson Boulevard, just to the east of Dale Mabry. I usually roll across Kennedy and then drop south on Himes, and then turn right onto Henderson. Otherwise it is tricky trying to turn left across traffic and get into the parking lot. There is quite a large covered patio area with tons of outdoor seating before you set foot into the restaurant, and there's a big sign saying that "happy and friendly dogs are welcomed on the patio". Those of you who like to dine al fresco with Fido would likely appreciate knowing that. Inside this place the theme is best described as retro-cowboy-chic in a tongue-in-cheek, playful way. The walls are painted red, and the decorations include a mock steer's skull, genuine authentic cowhide booth backs, and a variety of humorous kitschy Western decorations. The servers are very friendly and attentive, and great for answering questions and giving you their suggestions off the menu. I started with a cup of incredibly delicious spicy beer cheese soup which came with a packet of oyster crackers. The soup was made with Monterey Jack, Parmesan, and sharp cheddar cheeses, and of course a healthy slug of beer. You could taste the different cheeses and the beer, yet nothing was overpowering. With the help of my server I settled on the Angus Toga Party burger with homemade onion rings instead of the usual fries. The burger was fantastic, and it featured feta cheese, grilled tomato, sun-dried tomato mayo and basil leaves on a whole wheat bun. Ask for a bib and extra napkins, because the burger is juicy! You can choose to swap out the standard Angus beef patty for Kobe beef, Buffalo, Turkey, Lamb, Duck, Portobello Mushroom, or Vegan style. All burgers are also available on a bed of greens for those who are counting their carbs. The burgers are normally served with French fries, but you can also choose from steamed broccoli, baked beans or cole slaw. For a slight upcharge you can substitute Sweet Potato Fries, Fried Jalapeños, Mac 'N Cheese or homemade double-dipped Onion Rings with a delicious creamy horseradish sauce for dipping. The burgers are pricey (anywhere from $8 - 13), but the food is good and you have the ability to customize your burger with any number of toppings and sides.
Never again!  I've given this place so many chances and the bad definitely outweighs the good!  Poor service and cold food!  Sorry!
Square 1 had some really nice features which would have pushed the rating closer to 5 stars, but also some big misses which pulled it back to mediocrity.  On the plus side, the service was friendly and attentive, particularly when our server spilled a drink.  It was a simple accident and handled without skipping a beat, which was nice since we were a large group.  In addition, my group had a room in the back which was perfect for privacy. The food, the real reason to come here, was hit or miss.  My personal pet peeve is a place that claims they serve Kobe anything, since we haven't had real Kobe beef in the US for years - Google the Forbes article for more info.  One in our group had what was supposed to be a salmon burger, but tasted like anything but.  On the plus side, the onion rings and jalepenos were lightly dusted and fried which made for great sides. The burgers are definitely creative, but certainly not a good value.  If you are an OU Boomer Sooner fan, you will appreciate all of memorabilia throughout the restaurant.
Absolutely delicious burgers! Parking can be a beast here, but there is random grassy areas where people seemed to park with abandon.  That's what we ended up doing. The decor of this place is definitely strange, but in an odd way charming.  There are random cow skins all over the place and a cowboy theme.  The walls are dark red and the chandeliers give it a more upscale vibe than the rest of the decor.  It is definitely strange but works in an odd way.  The sinks in the bathrooms are pretty neat so I would suggest checking it out.   There are tables and there is a bar area.  They also have a private area near the bathrooms that you can reserve for a large group.  It is not a completely separate area (meaning it is not a room on its own with doors), but it is pretty removed from the rest of the dining area.  It is definitely less noisy in this area and there is one t.v. if you still want to watch a sports game. On to the food, the burgers are absolutely delicious.  I got the Rise and Shine Burger and I could not have asked for anything else.  Juicy burger, sturdy bun, and delicious toppings (fried egg, bacon, and caramelized onions).  I was pretty hungry when I ordered, so I dove right in.  I didn't even stop to think that I could get it on a bed of greens instead of the bun.  Honestly, I will probably do that next time, because this burger is super filling.  I go the onion rings for my side.  They are delicious.  They were saltier than I expected, which I loved, but for people who don't like salt, look out.  The sauce that was for dipping was spicy.  I would have liked it a bit less spicy, but it gave the rings a good kick.  I couldn't eat all the onion rings I got.  It got to be a bit too much grease for me, so even though I loved the onion rings, I'll have to try another side next time. The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars was the service.  Our waitress was so slow.  I ended up getting menus for people at our table myself.  I'm fine if she disappears after getting our order, but when we are ready to order, I don't like having to wait ten more minutes to get it in.  It already takes long enough to get food when you're hungry.   When you have a hankering for a burger, this is definitely your place.  I would just suggest you look at the menu ahead of time or else you will spend a lot of time debating what you want to eat!
Solid 4 stars. I wasn't expecting the concept to be seated and served, but I was thrilled with the experience. Great draught beers Killer apps -- fried jalapenos, onion rings, fries with mushroom gravy. All great, all unique, and worthy of mention Great service Kitschy and fun interior Ample seating Lax atmosphere I ordered the pablano burger with bison. Holy mess it was awesome. The flavors were smoky, cinder-y, balanced, and murderously divine. It was essentially a fork-n-knife burger, but I forwent the silverware. Shared with the family and loved the substitution of bison. We passed and sampled a few of the burgers from the menu and the only ones, sadly, that weren't worthy of mention were the veg burgers. They were pretty dry, blah, and lacked flavor. We finished by sharing a shake with the table. Overtly sweet, good flavors, and what I'm sure would be heavenly for ice cream fanatics. The beignets were decent, but the chocolate dipping sauce was less than thrilling. Definitely dig where they're doing with the burgers here. When in Tampa, I'll look forward to returning.
I love the burgers at Square One.  They even have a Juicy Lucy ala Minneapolis style.  Try the onion rings as well.
I think I've found my new burger place -- there are so many options here. Where should I start? We had fried pickles as an appetizer, and they were REALLY good. Not too fried that I couldn't taste the pickle part of them, which is always important. I ended up getting a turkey burger which had fried jalapenos, bbq sauce, and cheese on it, and it was awesome. The problem with this place is that there are literally so many options that it's hard to choose just one burger. The service was great, our waitress was super friendly and speedy too. I'll definitely be back to make my rounds on the menu! ;)
I came to Square 1 Burgers after it first opened several years ago, and I remembered it being all the rage.  Then Five Guys opened and everyone was all like "forget square 1- it's way overpriced".  Well, I have to say, I'm glad I came back. They've recently redone all the decor- it's very country american themed now (read: cow print and american flags).  Can't say it's my taste, but it's cozy. The onion rings are AMAZING.  Like. I could have eaten 4 plates of them. Get them as an appetizer to share with the table.  And mix their dipping sauce with ketchup.   But make sure you save room for a burger.  What I love about here is all the different options.  I had a steak the night before at dinner so i wasn't super keen on having beef again. No worries, there are veggie, chicken, and various other burgers- I like that every meat is ground up and served burger style (as opposed to getting a grilled chicken breast).   If you like cheese make sure to get the Juicy Lucy burger.  It's stuffed with cheddar cheese- and normally I find that burgers like this don't ever have enough cheese in the middle. This is not the case with the Juicy Lucy- cheese is oozing out of it in every direction.   For dessert, definitely have the square 1 zepps.  Deep fried ricotta. Need I say more? To top it off, the manager came out and asked about our meal and how we liked it. He told us they're expanding into Orlando soon and then over to the east coast.   Overall a very very great experience.  Are there other places to get great burgers? Of course.  But do they have as many options? And is it a full service restaurant?  For choices and service, definitely go to square 1.
I've never been to a Square 1 before so I was excited to try this place out. Went here for lunch with my mom, who is a vegetarian. Luckily they have a vegetarian section on the menu! She had the veggie burger, which looked freshly made and not just a frozen patty they dress up. Thumbs up for that! I had the Firebird turkey burger. Loved the toppings, but the burger itself was pretty uninteresting and flavorless. The fries were very good. We split a brownie sundae for dessert, which was amazing. Best brownie I've had in a LONG time. Great atmosphere with very cool decor. Music is a little too loud for my taste. We could hear each other, but I could feel the music vibrating the booth? Our waitress was very nice and gave great service. Although the burgers weren't as amazing as I was expecting I definitely want to go back at some point to give it another shot.
A well maintained place with good burger and beer selection. Service was good for a Sunday at 1:00pm, our overall experience was great.
This place was EXCELLENT! My husband is an onion ring connoisseur and he pronounced these as "the best" he's ever had. Service was excellent and the burgers delectable. VERY happy with our find!
6 of us went on a Friday night. Girl hostess told us it was a 25 min wait when it turned out to be 50 minutes. Guy host gave our table to the wrong group of people then crammed us into a booth. Servers were so busy you barely saw them. Food was excellent. Go during the week and you should be fine. Food = 4 stars Drama in the beginning = 2 stars Noise level = 2 stars (so loud)!
I had a lamb burger and some broccoli. The burger was good, although super messy. Broccoli was good also. What I enjoyed the most was the mudslide shake! I've never had anything like it and was very surprised at how good it was.
Great food, quick friendly service, and fair prices.  This is a great spot to grab a burger or a drink with friends.
Amazing....I tried the Toga with lamb on a brioche done medium rare. This burger was topped with feta, basil, and sun dried tomato. The taste was as perfect as I imagined when I ordered it. The onion rings side were also delicious and tempura fried with Sooner sauce (ranch and habanero mix).  I also got to try some of my wifes fried mac and cheese which was crunchy on the outside and soft and cheesy on the inside.
I'm always skeptical of gourmet burger joints, but Square One is pretty solid. Their patties are juicy, the decor chic and the service on point. There is a signature menu at Square One, but I went with the build your own burger options, letting my random burger building skills go wild. There are all types of options on beef, cheese and veggies. I went with a sesame seed bun, peppercorn ranch sauce, gruyere, caramelized onions, peppers and God knows what else. The burger was messy, but I am going to attribute that to my own shoddy burger building skills. So yes. . . I think someone mentioned it's kid friendly. Loud, boisterous, where are your parents, kid friendly. So, . . . maybe not a quiet place. I can't say it's routine either--just letting you know. Overall, I enjoyed my Square One experience. The burger was juicy and cooked pretty perfectly and like I said before the service was on point. Ambiance, despite its sleek looking interior just wasn't what I was looking for. I'd give it another run though.
Our first visit! The manager happened to come over and he welcomed us & sent free dessert. Super nice guy, very attentive, shook our hands and thanked us on the way out. We had: Buffalo Bob (loved) All American (customary, but good) Nutella & PB Shake (A-Mazing) We will be back!
Why 4 stars?  Because it's neck and neck for the best burger in town.   ---   ---   --- In terms of the deluxe burger spots in town, I think Square One and Burger Monger are pretty even.  Square One does have cupcakes though, which may separate them from the pack. The burgers are very juicy and flavorful, whether you get the standard or the kobe beef.  I still haven't made up my mine if I can taste a difference or not with kobe beef.  One day, I will discover the truth. We have had iffy service from a couple of times at Square One, but overall, I have been pleased with my experiences and will be going back when I am in South Tampa and in the mood for some luxurious cow on bread.   Cow on Bread...that would be a great name for a burger shop.
What you need to order: buffalo burger & sweet potato fries. You can sub any regular burger with buffalo or angus or what-have-you, or build your own. So whatever you want with your buffalo, get it. I cleaned up house on my food, and normally, I don't do that at burger joints. I don't know if that's to say I was super hungry or the food was super good. I'm gonna go with the taste factor. However, it IS a bit pricey, as can be expected for a "gourmet" burger spot. I think I felt better paying the price because it wasn't your regular beef patty... and because I had a Living Social deal.
I find that I keep being disappointed by Square 1 in general.  The waitress and staff were extremely friendly attentive and willing to swim anywhere to make sure that I have anything that I need which is where the 2 stars come in.  A lunch burger and a glass of Iced tea shouldn't run $15 especially when its a rather small 5 oz burger at that.  The toppings were wonderful, but burger fat drenched fries and the bottom bun were a severe letdown.  I ordered their Poblano burger expecting fire in my mouth like the menu had described, yet the heat was missing.  At this point in time, I think I'm going to swear off of Square 1 burgers.  Good luck you guys but I'm going down the road to another competitor of yours... Fire.
*Lots of men in fighter pilot outfits sitting outside, and no wait (+ 2 points!) * I was over dressed...I expected more of a hipster/bar scene and it's a little more family restaurant than that *We had Blue Moon, Onion rings, and I had the 3 Mushroom Burger with coleslaw...all very, very delicious! The onion rings and their dipping sauce was so good I couldn't stop munching, and the burger was AMAZING.  Very mushroomy (in a good way...I did order the mushroom burger afterall) and juicy and the wheat bun was flavorful. I ate every single bite! *Service was fast and friendly *My husband ordered the hummus appetizer..it wasn't great. But I was so busy with the onion rings I barely noticed! I wanted to give this 4 stars because it lacked a certain something...but then I realized everything was fantastic, and I was probably just uncomfortable in my heels.  Next time I will come in jeans and flip flops and be ready to relax with some good eats!
Square One is a lot of fun. The food is great, the atmosphere is fun, and it's a great place for a decent meal at a reasonable price. Tampa kind of lags behind in the culinary scene, and I think Square One was the first independent gourmet burger place that opened here. The concept is well executed, though in classic Tampa style it's maybe a step or two behind effortlessly cool. Nevertheless, the burgers are great (I order the veggie, but friends tell me the beef/turkey are good.) and it's fun to pick your own toppings. Some of the offerings are a little bit of a better value than the build-your-own burgers. (The veggie comes with guacamole without an extra charge, but if you build your own, then you have to pay for guac.) The fries (potato or sweet potato) are delicious. Full bar, if I remember right, decent beer selection, and cupcakes for dessert round out the offerings.
Welcome to Good Burger, home of the good burger, can I take your ooorder? Yes. I'll build a burger. I'll have buffalo meat, on a kaiser bun, american cheese, sooner sauce, caramelized onions and sweet peppers. And I'll sub sweet potato fries. Oh it's happy hour? I'll take two for one draft Blue Moon and a two for one scotch and coke. Square One is your posh burger joint with a full service bar and fancy burgers. I mean, buffalo? (I wasn't feeling ostrich-y) Seriously! Don't expect a typical $10 burger meal here. Though, for having 4 drinks with my meal, $30 with tip sounds about right. The service was on top of the game. Our waiter answered questions about the menu adequately. If you haven't had a buffalo burger yet, do it. There's just a slight hint of gamey taste if any at all really. It just felt like a healthy eat as it's a lean ground. The sweet potato fries were yummy. Not the best I've had but I can no longer have those since that place closed so this takes the cake for me. They're seasoned so perfectly, it's just absolute delight in my mouth. The drinks were tiny. The two for one deal sounds very enticing. But it ended up being a $4 20 oz beer? It works out for me since I'm not a huge beer drinker anymore but I can see it being a problem for those who enjoy drinking volumes of it. Overall, taste is excellent. Service is great. Ambiance was good. Price.. not so bad if you're expecting to pay extra for all the posh. I still can't find it in me to be ok to be paying prices like that for burgers. Perhaps, I'll get used to it eventually. My only substantial concern was parking. I ended up parking on the other side of Henderson because there were not open spots. Of course, two happen to open up as I cross the street. Just my luck huh?
I opted for the "Build A Burger" option on the menu.  It's a bit more pricey, but I knew exactly what I wanted -- essentially an ostrich version of the "Rise and Shine" burger. I ordered an ostrich burger on a kaiser bun with a sun-dried tomato mayo sauce, caramelized onions, fried pineapple rings, applewood-smoked bacon, and a fried egg... with sweet-potato fries on the side.  Mmmm! As others have commented on, the prices here can be a bit much if you're just looking for a basic "burgers and fries" experience.  For the quality of meat and options, though, I think it's worth it. I might not go here all of the time due to the overall costs, but I'll definitely come back for lunch every now and then.
I don't eat beef and I'm reviewing a burger place, so take this review with a grain of salt.  I really like eating at Square One Burgers.  The variety of burger options they have is really impressive ranging from standard fare to unexpected choices such as salmon.  They even have several vegetarian options, including a vegan veggie burger.  I always end up getting the turkey burger.  It is delicious.   I love that instead of white bread I can get a wheat bun and instead of fries I can get broccoli instead.  You can really go crazy with a wide variety of toppings.  Who would have ever thought that pineapple on a turkey burger would be good?  Believe me it is!  It's kind of a bummer that they don't have cupcakes for dessert anymore.  I used to enjoy getting one once in a while.
Slowly eating my way through the menu...and haven't been too disappointed yet. But I have to note that burgers have tended to be more underdone than over. Not to be pick but one time, it had to be sent back twice! I like medium but the first was rare in the middle and the next one was still practically moving but I was getting so hungry that I was eating around the edge. The server and manager was truly apologetic and the third was the charm plus he personally brought it over. (He even took it off the bill.) Mushroom, Rise and Shine, Decadent Daddy, lamb...  All good. Toga chicken was my latest one. Good but I think I'll stick to burgers for now.
Ok, first. Parking is terrible. I purchased a LivingSocial deal for Square1 and the first time I went to use it I actually left and went elsewhere because parking was just so, so bad. This same situation almost panned out today, but fortunately after lingering a few minutes I got lucky and someone pulled out of a spot. Now onto the food: In order to use my full LS amount I ordered 2 burgers- the lamb burger, and the mushroom gruyere burger- one to eat there and one to take home for lunch the next day. When I took my first bite of their lamb burger, my eyes rolled back into my head. Holy shit- best burger I've ever consumed ever in life. It's absolutely a five star burger, easily. For a side I ordered the mac & cheese. It was good, but not worth the $2 up charge. Now here is where they lose a star: When I got home I figured I may as well at least take one bite of the mushroom and gruyere burger so I can rate it while it's fresh. I took one bite, and into the trash it went. The mushrooms on it were black and shriveled- like the chef started sauteeing them and then just forgot about them. I wasn't even sure if they were mushrooms or really dark caramelized onions at first glance. Major disappointment. I also tried their baked beans, which had really good flavor, but I got a huge piece of pork fat in my first bite, which just grossed me out. Fortunately for Square1, the lamb was delicious enough for me to overlook their other short-comings. I just know to stick with the lamb burger and fries from here on out.
I love the creative gourmet burgers at Square 1 Burgers! So far the appetizers have been hit or miss for me.  I love the fried pickle chips, but the onion rings are terrible.  The onion rings are a fried mess of batter and grease with very little onions. I prefer the less traditional burgers on the menu such as the Wild Bourbon Pulled Pork With grilled red onion, pepper jack cheese and cole slaw.  Soooo good!!!  The Decadent Daddy is also very good, but it's also one of the most expensive items on the menu. Buffalo Bob is also tasty, but be prepared for cardiac arrest! The combination of bacon and beer cheese is very intense!  If you prefer a more classic style burger try the The Old Fashioned and the All-American burger. if you are looking to splurge on a burger check out Square 1.
Sadly disappointing. I've ordered takeout from here twice and both times the food was not good, particularly the burgers. The first time we ordered, the bottom buns were completely soggy and mushy by the time we got home (a five minute drive). We decided to give it another shot and hope it was just a one-time fluke. Unfortunately, this experience was worse. I ordered a burger done "medium", which you would expect to be pink throughout (maybe a bit red in the center). What I got was a burger completely RED throughout the entire patty. I took one bite and immediately felt sick just looking at the color. The bottom buns were again soggy and mushy. We won't be ordering takeout from here again. Maybe it's better fresh if you eat in, but I'm not brave enough to try.
Decided to give Sq1 another shot.  My burger was delicious, after all - it was the service that brought my review down to 2 stars as well as the average quality of sides.  I didn't decide on the star rating until after I finished writing because this is truly a case of mixed feelings. Instead of dining in, I opted for a takeout this time.  Can't comment as far as the service, but my takeout was being boxed up right as I walked in so that's good.  Went with the Juicy Lucy and a side of baked beans. First off, the beans are awesome and they completely blow away the fries/sweet potato fries/fried jalapenos that I had before.  They have more of a bbq sauce taste as opposed to a 'bean sauce' taste, if that makes sense.  Less like Bush's, more like beans should be.  While the individual components of the Juicy Lucy were good - the caramelized onions and dijonnaise were just right - the burger itself really let me down.  When I worked my way to the cheesy center the bites were delicious, but the bites of just meat before I got there were honestly disappointing.  The patty didn't taste seasoned at all.  Again, the bites with cheese were fantastic but the ones without tasted like ground beef that had been tossed in a pan and cooked without anything further done to it. Combining the two trips, I would rate Square 1 as follows: Service - 3. Bad first time, good second time. Burgers - 4.5. The Toga Party is wonderful and The Juicy Lucy loses a half star because the beef could use a little love. Sides - 3.5.  Both the regular fries and sweet potato fries did nothing for me and it didn't help that they were brought out cold.  The fried jalapenos were good but the peppercorn ranch they serve is awful.  The 5 star beans really elevated this rating. That breaks down to 3.67, which I'll round up to 4 because the burgers are the main event and they are tasty at Square 1.  If you could break down ratings further I would stick to my guns with that 3.67 -- it's definitely better than "a-ok" but I'm not sure I'd say "I'm a fan."  It's a touch expensive for my liking, but the more gourmet options can't be beat if you're looking for a different twist on a burger.
Square 1 Burgers was a little over hyped for my liking. The interior is similar to The Lodge on Soho (a notch too douchey) with the addition of cow skin lined booths...not my thing but it's a burger joint so I guess that makes sense. We got the Woo Hoo fries (Ya Hoo fries? Wa  hoo Fries? Something like that) and they adequately addressed our gravy requirements. I got the 3-mushroom burger and the SO got the lamb burger. He really enjoyed his but it was gone in 4 bites. I'm usually not a Stingy Stanley but I really don't think the burgers were worth the money. They are between "okay" and "good" but for over $10 I was expecting either more flavor or more food. Overall, this place was too shiny...does that make sense? Um okay, it was too glamorous for what I have decided in my warped little mind, a burger joint should be. Maybe that's a failing on my end but I wasn't picking up what they were putting down ya know? You know. P.S. Good service, if not a smidge salesy.
They were out of ostrich when I went, so I ordered a Kobe burger (Decadent Daddy). So juicy and soft. Partner ordered the new SRQ Dog; the red pepper paste tasted like a cigarette butt, but all together, it was decent; it was no Mel's, but good. For the appetizer, we ordered the Chili Cheese Fries; those were underwhelming mainly because there was no seasoning for the chili, so it just tasted bland. For dessert we has the petite red velvet sundae. The red velvet part is a variable cupcake (they have different sizes for cupcakes, which is great since I don't like the huge desserts that some places have. Dessert was tasty, but difficult to east the cupcake inside of a glass without gushing the ice cream out of it. Overall, this is a burger place, just order burgers as they do that best. BTW: Feel under your table when you are there.
The setting was fun, the beer list looked impressive, and the milkshakes are good. Otherwise, I was disappointed by the food.  And the service. We were in the mood for burgers, so we decided to check this place out.  I've had buffalo burgers in the past and think they are a great beef alternative.  My husband had the All-American Square One burger and substituted the Angus with buffalo.  The meat was bland.  Fries were fine.  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  I liked the pork but found the coleslaw runny.  Also, I wished the sweet potato fries weren't covered in cinnamon.  I like them plain with ketchup and hotsauce. Maybe their Kobe burgers are better, but the ostrich disappointed me.  The pulled pork was good in flavor but didn't have enough... bite?  I don't know.  I just didn't leave feeling satisfied, just full.
ho-hum, another "upscale" burger joint......like finding artisan doughnuts.  This is a very nicely decorated place, not to be confused with the high-volume chains.  You pay a premium for cache, I guess.  The burger are good, but let's get real.......there are not dramatic variations in ground beef and the degrees of separation between average and exquisite are very subjective from what I have seen.   The fried sweet potatoes are an nice variation.   So if you have a burger-lust and you can't face the McD bedlam, here is a more civilized option at a bit of a premium.  And having paid more, just keep telling yourself  "You get what you pay for" and then it will taste superior.
This is not nearly as good as burger 21.  I had the turkey burger and it was not as juicy as burger 21.  It came with avocado and bacon on top. Nothing special or memorable. The sweet potato fries were good and you could tell they were hand cut. Monday's are sloppy joe night but the description was not very appealing. IMHO, square 1 is overly priced. I ordered the turkey burger with a side Of sweet potato fries and 2 magic hat #9 and it ran me $30.  Pretty pricey for what I got. Honestly  I'd only return if someone was paying.
If I craved a burger, this is where I would come.  This place has a large variety to choose from as well as cuts of meat. But don't come here with your die hard vegetarian friends because the burgers are juicy..  Big, juicy, and did I mention juicy? While taking a bite of these burgers you will have delicious meat juice dripping from your lips. To me, that is like having a cherub, sing, dance and rub my feet at the same time. Yes... Bring me to my happy place square one.... If your curious why I would talk highly of this burger joint and only give them a 4 and not a 5... Well I know there has to be a better burger place.... I just haven't been lucky enough to find it YET....
Great spot. The waitress gave us great recommendations!  Food gets 5 stars, service 4, things were very slow to reach the table.  Had onion rings, Kobe burger and the rise and shine, beans and sweet potato fries. All were excellent(beans weren't anything special).  I'll be back with my dog!
Overpriced AND Horrible service. We were a party of 4 (including a kids' meal) and waited over 55minutes for our dinner and the waitresses excuse was the kitchen just got slammed and "everybody has had to wait that long." It was so not worth the wait- if they had that many orders in, and were cranking out the food, then why were the fries soggy and cold? My buffalo burger was greasy, and tasted "Gamey"- and I typically love buffalo burgers! After we paid our bill, the waitress asked he manager for a coupon for our next visit- even with the free app coupon and $10 coupon for our next visit, we won't be back.
Finally tried Square One and cannot wait to go back! The service was excellent. The waitress explained the whole menu and her recc's knowing it was our first time. This was very helpful as the menu is slightly intimidating. We had the traditional and pulled pork sliders, both were melt in your mouth! Fried pickles, onion rings and sweet potato fries were very good as well. I want to try everything on the menu. So happy to find a great, close place to take friends and family to:)
Got take out from here for dinner. I was impressed with the ease of the curbside to go. I am a huge fan of house made veggie burgers, and Square 1 has a great one. I love the fresh avocado on top and the whole grain bun. It's a large portion also. They have a lot of options for side items, even veggies. I went with the sweet potato fries. They were also house made and delicious. I am a veggie burger kind of girl, but the menu has tons of creative burger and shake options. I will have to go back for the Nutella shake! My only knock is the price. $12 for a veggie burger is a little steep, but then again that's South Tampa!
Kudos to Square One for cheerfully accommodating my mom's special order, and charging a fair price for it. Oh, and the burgers and chopped salad were delicious.
Amazing burgers! If you're the kind if person that likes to build your own burger with a bunch of different toppings, this is the place for you. They have different burgers to choose from (beef, Kobe, bison, lamb, duck, salmon, chicken, turkey, veggie....) and on special occasions they even have things like elk and gator burgers for all you adventurous eaters! Different cheeses, toppings, buns- the combinations are endless. The burgers were very juicy and cooked perfectly the way we wanted (medium rare). Hard to find a place that won't over cook a burger when you ask for medium rare. They do get a little messy with all the burger juices and cheese dripping everywhere but to me, that's the fun part of a delicious messy burger. Service was very attentive. We sat outside and usually it's the #1 spot of a restaurant that gets ignored but we were not ignored at all! A waitress was at our table offering drinks within 2 minutes of us sitting down. Even the manager stopped by right away to see if we had been taken care of. The outside seating area is directly on a main street so you would assume the traffic would be noisy but it didn't bother us at all. (Maybe because we were so into enjoying our burgers we didn't notice it.) Service was great the whole way through and at the end if the meal the waitress had us sign up for the newsletter to get coupons, specials and birthday gifts. Thumbs up on marketing! Overall a great experience, can't wait to go back! PS- don't listen to the reviews from people ordering take out. Ordering a burger like this to go? You're just asking for a mess in a bag. Some things don't travel well and unfortunately these burgers are one of those things. Go, relax, enjoy your burger the way it's meant to be eaten and you won't regret it.
It was lunch time and I was craving a good burger. And no way in hell was I going to swing by Burger King (grossssssssssss)... I came here about 4 years ago when I got the worst service imaginable, but I remembered its gourmet burgers and wanted to stop by again. Fried mac and cheese is to die for! And I got the pablano pepper burger. My guest had just a regular hamburger. Both were delicious, but incredibly messy. But there's no harm in that. I thought it was very good, but my boyfriend absolutely loved it. Seeing as it was my suggestion that we go there, I now feel like the king of the castle. Props to our server, Abigail. She was prompt and polite. Good service makes me come back and I surely will.
I'm a huge fan of their burgers and sweet potato fries. Love the outdoor seating and although pricier than other local burger joints, I believe it's totally worth the money.
Came here for lunch and got the BarBQue Bacon burger and my Aunt got the Decadent Daddy with a fried egg. Everything was cooked perfect and very tasty. It definitely satisfied our burger craving. We also got the Brown Cow shake and that was AWESOME. Definitely will be back.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet!  Two words: Kobe beef.  Where else in Tampa can you build your own massive burger of Kobe beef topped with Garlic Wasabi Green Goddess sauce, gruyere cheese, and grilled pineapple rings? Square One Burgers has the most innovative menu I've seen in the Tampa Bay area.  With 8 different kinds of meat, 10 sauces, a dozen cheeses, and more than 20 toppings, you're sure to please your palate. Not to mention theirs is the best grilled cheese I've ever had and I consider myself somewhat of a grilled cheese connoisseur.  Between the 2 different types of cheese, beefsteak tomatoes, pickles, mayo, and texas toast, you might actually forget to chew. You can even design your own delicious sundae for dessert.  Take my word for it, though, you'll want to share as these desserts are big. If you're looking for a one-of-a-kind burger at a reasonable price, stop in to Square One Burgers.  You won't find anything else like it.
Great bison burgers and food! Burgers and food are a bit pricey but for the quality of food its good. They have a very trendy atmosphere and excellent selection of food to choose from. Good for a first date or a relaxing dinner to hang out grab a drink and a bite to eat.
Wow... Where to start with such a horrible experience? How about with the fact that when we walked in, there was no clean tables to sit at. We had to sit at a dirty table and wait for it to be cleaned. How about with the fact that the air was either broken or turned off? It was hotter than the devil's nutsack outside, and the climate in Square 1 Burger was BARELY a relief. How about the fact that we were never given napkins or silverware? Once our food was dropped off by THE COOK, our waitress never once came by. Our drinks sat empty for the majority of our visit.  Maybe they have a no refill policy?  How about the fact that I ordered my burger medium well, and received something VERY WELL done? The burger was overly salty, which only added to my thirst. How about the fact that when we were done eating, the waitress walked past our table multiple times and never once asked if we were done, wanted dessert or a check? In fact, she pretty much ignored us.  We had to ask another waitress to get our check. When our actual waitress came over, the chica complained about her lack of attention to us, and she had a smirk on her face as if she didn't have a care in the world. She asked if we wanted to speak to a manager, and we said "yes." She came back with our receipt a few moments later and told us the manager would be over when he had a minute because he was busy in the kitchen. Again, wow. Other observations, we saw one person get up with their plate and walk it to the cook because their order was wrong. The gentleman next to us took one bite of his burger, and returned it and didn't order anything else. And there was just a general look of dismay on everyone's face in the place. This was by far probably one of our worst dinning experiences ever. We wouldn't entertain the idea of returning even if the meal was 100% free. Shame on this place and their staff. I left a rare $0 tip.
Sundays are my designated beach days. Yes, my lily white ass goes outdoors, fools! So, when beach day is over, I am inevitably starving to death. This past Sunday, I had a particularly nagging desire for a burger. My friend told me that Square One would fix my cravings, but that we should wait until 9:00 PM to arrive, because they had $5 burger and beer specials. Dubious, I checked their website, and it confirmed what I had been told. Burger and drink specials until 11:00 PM. So I waited with baited breath for the moment we could leave. We arrived at 9:10 and the parking lot was pretty suspiciously empty. We were seated immediately and also told  that last call was in 15 minutes, and that the establishment was closing. Too starving and shocked to point out the discrepancy from what I had read on their website only hours before, I ordered a drink and a burger. Our server was pretty cool, and I didn't view at as her fault that they weren't offering the special. She asked me if I wanted my Bloody Mary spicy, and I concurred that yes, hell yes, I did. It was one of the better Bloody's I've had, to be honest. It was nice and spicy and packed a good nutrient-rich vodka punch. I ordered the Toga Party burger. Yes, smarty, you guessed right! It had feta cheese and tomato on it. And I decided to be a rebel, and I got the fried jalapenos with it. The jalapenos were much more interesting than my burger, which was making a valiant effort, but just wound up falling flat on it's face. Not quite enough flavor. My friend got the Rise and Shine burger which was basically a heart attack on a bun. Eggs, bacon, and a defibrillator. It tasted pretty good. It was certainly more flavorful than my burger, but it was freakishly greasy. But, like I said, good service goes a long way. And the restaurant looks nice. I'd like to come back sometime in the day and sit on the patio.
We came here for a group dinner. We had the back room. The staff was friendly, but it did take a while to get our bill after dinner (but that is pretty common when you are with a large group). Both the Turkey Cobb Burger and the Aloha Chicken were excellent. My fiancee and I got them and shared. The ambiance inside the restaurant was very cool. There could be better parking. Nevertheless, this unique burger joint is a must try for burger lovers.
Yum Salmon slaw burger tons O flavor, me want another next time though bc it was filling +a side of fresh steamed broccoli which made me say oh yeah baby! Great decor and service was nice and welcoming! Also the bathroom had fun pictures lol! Sangria amazing for a burger spot.
Tasty burgers were on the agenda for my going-away dinner with friends before I headed to Asia. Square One Burgers delivered quite nicely, with timely burgers and excellent sweet potato fries. Although the parking lot is certainly an issue with such a mob of people visiting frequently - planning large parties here may be a little difficult. The waitresses seemed a little aggravated with our large party, but still took good care of us during our stay and accepted our discount coupons for being part of their e-mail club. Located conveniently close to Tampa Karaoke - it makes for an easy way to plan a night out with friends. I look forward to trying many of their other burgers now that I am back in town :)
I am a huge burger fan and was very excited when Square One opened in Tampa.  Finally tried it and must say that I'm a fan!  I had the lamb burger which was cooked to perfection, wonderfully seasoned and definitely satisfied my craving.  The fries left much to be desired though.  We tried the spicy eggrolls as an appetizer and they were just ok.  They were not spicy at all and the bbq inside didn't have much flavor.  I was thoroughly impressed by the drink menu considering it is a burger joint after all.  I ordered the Jazz Fresh which was awesome!  Extremely refreshing with just the right amount of alcohol.  Really complemented my lamb burger.   Others at the table enjoyed their food but there wasn't really a "wow factor" for any of us.  The two who ordered the All American burger said they were fine but they've had better.  Not much seasoning on nor flavor to the meat.  The fourth person ordered the bacon cheeseburger and said it was good but nothing to write home about.   All in all, I enjoyed the atmosphere, the drink selection and the food.  I will definitely return and try something different every time off of their impressively extensive menu.
Square one had 2 things going for it today for my business lunch: 1. Coolness - it's a very hip atmosphere, great decor. We sat at a small corner table and still enjoyed the ambiance. 2. Service - really good service for a busy lunch time. The server was friendly and helpful without hovering. 3. Options - okay, it IS a burger place, but they had 3 dishes on their menu under Vegetarian (I had the grilled cheese) and enough options on the burger side to make my associate  happy. Lot's of choices = happy customers in this case. On the down side, I actually was a still a bit hungry after the meal. Maybe I'm just used to the mounds of fries or over-sized buns that I get on other burgers and sandwiches. But I actually had room for desert..which I RARELY get. The desert options were a bit different...I had a chocolate cupcake that was small, but pretty spectacular!
First time square 1 customer yesterday. Went with my fiancée and her parents. Amazing food, awesome atmosphere, not too loud or rambunctious and the waitress was very kind! All in all a great place and we will certainly go back.
It was perfectly OK, but I would think a specialty burger place should be even better. Got the Square Deal, and it came out temped at medium as I had ordered. The seeded bun was very good, but nothing lifechanging. And the lousy yellow mustard on your table is a crime if you're trying to be an upscale burger place. If you're going to try and corner the market and be THE burger destination in a city, it better be something to write home about. What I had didn't pass that test. In fact, I might even argue that Five Guys is better. The sweet potato fries were very good, but those are usually better when served with a sugar sweet sauce on the side. My milkshake was excellent however. Really tasty and not so heavy that it weighed you down. And as someone else mentioned, the screaming kid factor does seem a bit higher than it should be. Not sure why that is, but i did go on a Saturday afternoon so that would be prime time for rug rats. It's perfectly acceptable and certainly nicer than most burger chains, but nothing obsessively amazing, especially i f you weren't feeling adventurous enough for the ostrich or something similar.
Dear CheeseBurger Lovers, Now we all know that the best way to a Woman's Heart is by way of a Juicy Burger accompanied by A suitable Helping of Fries! I'm just saying. There is a certain way you should feel when you leave a burger joint. That is well taken care of, full, relaxed and ready to Get Moving. Square One hits all of the above. A bit of Class infused in Red White, Black and a Bar, womanned by the ever Beautiful Flower Princess! (she always has one in her hair). I'm just saying. Take it to the NEXT Level .. you get What you Pay For! GO TEAM! SQUARE 1 Burger... Back to Basics! Can I get one of those AWESOME TSHIRTS?
Attentive service from the beginning to end, quality food, and a great atmosphere. Will def go back and most def recommend. Our server Gigi was the best!
An upscale burger joint. Since there are not many upscale burger restaurants around, this one gets three stars. If I see worse places in the future this may get bumped up to four stars. The restaurant is immaculate. The variety is robust. The sides are average. The desserts are forgetable. The beer selection is good. This is a great place to bring business associates who dine on a budget.
Everything was nearly perfect on our visit today: burgers--beef and lamb--both cooked how we liked them; fried jalapeños fresh; onion rings crispy; and, French fries spiced just right. Service was a bit awkward to start, but our server finished strong. It won't be so long between visits!
We went here on Sunday, June 22 for an early dinner.  We both ordered off the list where you can create your own burger by choosing the meat, the bun, cheese, sauce, and many different toppings.   I ordered an angus burger, medium-rare with blue cheese and bacon ($7.99).  My boyfriend had a kobe burger, medium-rare with american cheese and a spicy ketchup (can't remember the exact name of the ketchup) ($13.99).   We shared an order of fries...half regular and half sweet potato. It was not the biggest burger and definitely was pricey but THAT WAS  ONE OF THE BEST BURGERS THAT I HAVE EVER HAD!!!    The order of fries was huge and they were soooo good...seasoned perfectly.  They come with a chipolte ketchup.     The service and atmosphere was great!     Overall a great dining experience.
Good burgers, but not great.  It's a good place to bring the kids if you have them.  Stay away from the supposed Kobe beef burgers.  Their prices for that beef are TOO low for comfort. You can get a WAY better burger at Mad Dogs & Englishmen or Ella's Americana Cafe.
Really reasonable food, big portions, pretty good overall. Great happy hour prices, unfortunately the times I've been at night have been pretty rowdy and loud. Great stop for lunch or a late night dinner at the bar. Tons of menu choices, there's something for everyone.
I've eaten here for years and its always been good. I've never been disappointed. I've eat at the location in Tampa and Brandon and both have been great. I love their sweet potato fries.
One of our local faves. I usually get the portabella burger with sweet potato fries and I am never disappointed. A good  place for a casual meal.
This is  a great place to go for really good burgers.  The concept is to build your own burger by picking from a variety of options, including choice of toppings.  In theory, this empowes the diner, but from a practical perspective, the average person isn't going to know what combinations of toppings work best.  This is why restaurants hire chefs.  People have enough decisions to make in the course of the day. I wasn't sure what toppings to choose, so I asked my waiter and trusted in his judgment.  I can't remember the exact combo, but my burger was really, really good.  However, my partner took it upon himself to pick his toppings and wound up with a messy burger with competing flavors. The french fries were good, but they should be included in the price of the burger. I gave the fried pickles a try and found them to be crisp and tangy, but very salty. For dessert, we were presented with a choice of different cupcakes.  While I give Square One credit for originality for taking a cupcake route, they really weren't that good. Service was highly professional and fast.  Very nice interior design.
This one is difficult for me, I've been to Square 1 a handful of times and have had fairly positive experiences. But something was just off this time. We made a reservation for a party of 9, which was great, but their "private room" that can accommodate that size group they failed to mention is in the back right in view of the restroom. It was pretty gross to watch people come in and out AND see in to the bathroom during our entire meal. Wish I would have known that in advance. We ordered some beers, had some appetizers which were great and then ordered. My sister in law has a very serious gluten allergy and after telling the waiter, her burger still appeared on a bun. That is extremely dangerous and he didn't even seem sorry. I had ordered a chicken burger. I expected a piece of chicken, not a patty, but that is not what arrived. The toppings were all wrong as well. On their menu some items say ground chicken, and some say chicken, maybe that is my bad that I assumed they were different. When the manager came over she explained that they were the same. To me that makes no sense and maybe it's a marketing problem for whoever designed their menu. I would suggest being more consistent. We were celebrating a few birthdays and the dessert they brought was two bowls of melted ice cream. It was yummy melted ice cream, but nothing to write home about. I give it 3 stars because I do like Square 1, it's a go-to for us. just this visit was disappointing.
I have been to Square One a few times since moving to Tampa. The first visit, I think I was a little wowed at the fact that this was a gourmet burger restaurant. I have gotten different burgers every time and it just isn't worth the money. $14 for a Kobe Burger is a little whacked. It is bothersome to go on a date night and spend $40+ on burgers and fries. It's a great place to visit if they are doing a Groupon or a Living Social.
The burger was absolutely delicious. I don't think I ate a burger that fast. The fries were also very good. What was really special was the mac & cheese. Great crust on top and a perfect compliment to the burger and fries. Overall, it was a great meal.
I've been here several times. I've never been disappointed. Delicious!
I had a great meal at Square 1 Burger. The service and the food was great. You can customize any burger and opt for a bed of greens in case you do not want the bun. We ordered the Mary's Lamb Burger (I thought the name was in poor taste but oh well) and the pork sliders. Everything was delicious. The atmosphere was cool and comfortable. Large bar area and TV's scattered about. I wil be back!
Square 1 is my hands-down winner of the burger wars, though I will admit the battle is ridiculously subjective.  There are three main reasons I rate Square 1 tops over BurgerMonger.  One - I really like the feel of this place.  Great place to dine - by which I mean sit a while, nosh, talk, and enjoy the eclectic music selections.  I love that the tvs at the bar are far enough away I can ignore them and the booths and tables I've been at are comfy and well-spaced.  They are at slightly odd angles, because of the slightly odd shape of the building -but I have found this actually helps give even more "sound-proofing" between you and the folks around you.   Second - Square 1 has great sides and most of them come standard with your burger (not the usual "pay us more for  1/2 a pound of fries" game).  Their regular fries are good, but not world-changing.  I really like their sweet potato fries (available for an upcharge) - lightly sweetened and perfectly fried.  I can normally take or leave baked beans but Square 1 has found a great balance between sweet and savory with theirs and anything with snips of bacon in is fine by me.  But my hands down favorite that I am always happy to pay an upcharge for are the onion rings.  They are lightly battered in a flaky coating that gently enrobes the just-cooked-enough onions inside with deliciously tangy Sooner sauce on the side. I am making myself crave their onion rings just writing this review. And third - but reason #1 in terms of importance - the burgers!  I prefer some variety in my burgers and never order "just a cheeseburger" in a place like this.  Square 1 has a great selection of beef, turkey and chicken burgers and each creation can be made with a patty of your choice, including buffalo for those obsessed with that.  The BarBQue Bacon Burger is flavorful with thick strips of bacon on top.  I added mustard at the table as I felt it needed a little something.  The standouts here are the more unusual burgers.  Mary's Lamb Burger is AMAZING - well seasoned, juicy, with the richness of lamb wonderfully complimented by a schmear of goat cheese.  I was really impressed with the Aloha Chicken, since a chicken burger done badly can be just about the saddest thing in the world.  This one was moist and savory with a teriyaki ginger sauce and a mouth-watering ring of grilled pineapple.  On a recent visit, I had the chance to try their new Chili Cheese sliders.  WOW.  Now I want anything and everything topped with that chili.  Meaty and rich, with just the right amount of "zing".  Also, my little Texas-bred heart sang to see not a darn bean in sight (as any Texan will tell you beans have no place in chili).  My other half professed his undying love for their special burger of the day - Mac Attack - which involved bacon and mac and cheese atop (per his request) a perfectly medium-rare burger. Square 1 also offers a number of unique appetizers (and drinks - but I haven't gotten my drink on here yet, so I won't mention those).  The mushroom eggrolls are packed with a three mushroom mix and two cheeses (including goat).  They were good, but honestly a little too rich for me.  Whereas the Fried Mac N' Cheese was just rich enough.  Is there anything more decadent than mac n' cheese - fried, with bacon, and breaded with Panko? I think not.  The fried pickles are quite good, if those are your thing, but our new obsession is the Frito Chili Pie.  Presented in the actual single-serve bag of Fritos - Square 1's delicious chili, cheese, sour cream and scallions are scooped in atop the chips for something that calls to mind the sort of calorie-bomb summer snacks served at local pools or parks or camps that had your taste buds dreaming all winter.  As if they needed more temptations for me, Square 1 also offers a banging Pineapple Upside Down cake.  It's a small, individual cake topped by a single pineapple ring - but do you really need more after all the other amazing things you've probably eaten here?  They claim "better than Grandma's" and - all apologies to my Grandmother who could turn out a number of amazing fruit upside down cakes - it really is.
I've been meaning to try this place for awhile and I finally went there the other day. I had a Brown Cow shake for $4.50, it was a mix between chocolate and caramel flavoring which was quite good...even if I wish the serving was bigger. One of my friends got the Chicken Sliders which were 3 small sliders about the size of the palm of your hand. It had lettuce, sun-dried tomato mayonnaise, and tomato (I didn't taste the sauce or lettuce that much). He also had fried jalapenos w/peppercorn ranch sauce...it was a good appetizer while we waited for the burgers. He got the Beep Beep (ostrich burger) and my girlfriend got a custom portabello mushroom, swiss cheese, bbq sauce, avocado, fried onion rings on a kaiser bun. It came with sweet potato fries which felt more like dessert. My friend for desert, had a giant goblet of ice cream with various stuff like hot fudge, caramel, and brownie. It tasted real good even though he practically ate it all himself. The ambiance is pretty nice, it's dimly lit, with the decor dominated by red/orange walls and sports TV all over the place. One section has the standard booths and tables and others are cutaway sort of booths (think half-circles). There's a full bar too.
Love the portabella burger bc the bun actually fits the portabella. Just the  right bread to shroom proportion. The flame cooked edemmame is delicious (kids actually eat it) and my husband  always gets the onion rings.
I don't know if it was the fact that this place was REALLY hyped up for me or because I didn't go with the Kobe beef, but I didn't think this place was extraordinarily delicious. I got the mushroom and smoked gruyere burger, which I thought was more unique than usual, and while I enjoyed it a lot...it was nothing to write home about. We got the macaroni and cheese as an appetizer and that was really good. I guess i am going to have to give it another try with something a little more "exotic" for lack of a better word, but for now - it gets 3 stars.
I love the ambiance of this place. It feels cool and hip. It's a great place for a causal date, guys/girls night or a spot to grab a bite before hitting the town. I have to be honest. I was teetering between 3 stars and 4 stars for this review. Here's why-  The spicy Egg Roll is pretty much out of this world. According to the menu, it's stuffed with pork, slaw and pepper jack but I'm pretty sure it's stuffed with yumminess and good feelings. The "sooner" sauce is good enough to drink. If we had not ordered this appetizer I would most likely given it 3 stars.  I had the Decadent Daddy burger and added the fried egg. It was a solid burger. I enjoyed it! The fried egg was overcooked but I know there's a fine line there because you don't want yoke all in your sandwich. The burger was cooked just right. The meat itself had a decent flavor but adding the caramelized onions and brie really added layering of flavors.    This place is really good. I have been there before and will go back again. The only thing holding me back is the price. I know it's a speciality burger place but drinks were pretty pricey and $9-$15 dollars for a burger seems pretty steep.  Overall, as yelp says, "Yay! I'm a fan!"
FOR MY 500th review..... Square One. Yum. Kinda nice to have this one be number 500... I've been a fan of Joanie & Bill Shumate (who also own Bella's on Howard) since I first met them as they were opening that now venerable provider of tasty victuals. So, having been a fan of this place for a while, today it gets a full review. My body was craving food after a few days of restricted diet (details unnecessary) and a burger seemed like the answer... Square One! Yes! After a bit of time absentmindedly wandering the menu - I finally settled on one I have never tried before: The BBQ Bacon burger.  What a damned tasty sammich. Burger (cooked perfectly medium as ordered) sliced red onions, lettuce, thick bacon strips, tangy sauce... oh yes. Sweet potato fries on the side (+1.00) always superb here. I got the tomato on the side, as I expected it to be the usual sad gassed industrial farmed lump of terrible - and it was. Bleah. They need to upgrade to better fruit (Fresh Market IS across the street after all) or just give up on these things. Of course, this problem afflicts most restaurants, so I don't take points off anywhere for this - I do add points if they use better. Only other quibble is the bun - the sesame seed bun is really crunchy/heavy on the sesame... and I'm not a big fan. I need to remember this and order a normal bun next time. Its a great bun for what it is - but not totally my dealio. My waitress (I was sitting at the bar) was quite good. Personable, perky, efficient. The high back bar chairs (which I usually hate - bad back) are actually comfy. I sat for a moment to decide if I was going to do the bar or go get a regular table, and darned if these don't suck. I was amazed actually. All previous visits have been with others at a table or booth. The shakes are sublime, but I didn't have one this visit... didn't want to overorder ... next time, again, for sure... also the mini cupcakes are a wonderful post meal sweet bite option. Considering this place was once an equipment rental joint, it is amazing what a little imagination can bring. Bravo Shumates for another unique S Tampa place to nosh. I'd like to do 4.5 stars, but rounded up.
Really cute place appropriately named after my favorite vodka choice of poison, which they had readily available! Unfortunately, I couldn't have my usual Square One vodka with ginger ale since I had some driving to do but don't say I wasn't tempted. Matt was my server for my lunch and he was really attentive.  I ended up getting the mini SQ original burgers with the mac n cheese.  I wish I ended up getting the broccoli so I could have gotten the petite Red Velvet sundae!! The burgers were cooked just right, nice and juicy but the buns were just way too much.  The bun was good but in my opinion it masked the taste of the burger. So I ended up picking around it.   The place had really interesting decor, paintings of lettuce, tomatoes and burger buns all around and the booths were comfy and it looked really sheik. All together, it was a great experience and I would go back just to try out the other burgers they had.  I was totally tempted to try the alligator meat burger (I think it was alligator or was it crocodile).
My wife and I ended up here only because the two other restaurants we visited first that night -- Skipper's Smokehouse and Aguila Cuban -- both surprised us by turning out to be closed on Mondays. So our friends recommended we meet them at this, their favorite burger joint. The onion rings and my Bacon BBQ cheeseburger were above average, though my all-time favorite burger remains the Thuman Burger at the Thurman Cafe in Columbus, OH, which is my yardstick for burgers. I wasn't disappointed in anything we were served, but my mind wasn't blown either. So while I was pleased by the meal, I wouldn't put it in the "I've got to hurry back there for more" category. It was "merely" satisfying, but not that OMG experience we all seek.
$12 for a small piece of portabella and 5 pieces of tiny broccoli.  Took a long time too.   Parking was a disaster and restaurant was half full.    For the price, go to five guys and your burger is ready in 10minutes.  Or burger 21 if you want a nicer bite. I do not get the attraction.
I personally feel that they have the best burger in Tampa. Amazing variety on the menu - including buffalo, kobe, or ostrich burgers and every imaginable way of putting together/topping a burger. I usually stay closer to the classics, and I've never been disappointed there. Fried pickles are a great app :)
I went here with some friends for my birthday after checking out some reviews for it. The place is in a nice location, but their parking lot is often full at night, forcing you to park on the grass by the road. We started off with some fried pickles, a personal favorite of my own. They came out in this nice cone shape, which looked good, but due to its design, made the pickles at the bottom rather soggy. For our burger choices my friends ordered the Juicy Lucy, a burger that is filled with cheese while I ordered the rise and shine. They loved it, saying it was very moist and flavorful, but my burger was just average. Overall, I had a good experience and would probably go back if my friends wanted to go, but I had a lot higher expectations for this place since it had so many good reviews.
In its heart of hearts this is a burger joint.  Chose your meat, pick a bun, chose some toppings, and hit the results with your face.  There are a good selection of combinations are worth considering, I personally like the Firebird even though it's Turkey, and Iove the "Mary's Little Lamb" burger. The meat selections (angus, lamb, buffalo, turkey, chicken, vegetarian) and toppings are varied and well-executed -- you can get the meat cooked medium rare here, which adds a star above my normal 3-star rating. The sides (I'm a fan of the cole slaw and sweet potato fries) are very good, and the fried pickles are a favorite hangover cure for me.  The menu has recently been revamped, so perhaps this speaks to a bit of adjustment of the restaurant -- once stellar, then good, perhaps returning to their former glory? My one gripe:  The food, especially the meats, have shown up under-seasoned over the past few months.  Seriously -- grind on some pepper and salt onto the meat before digging in, it simply needs it.  Also, the kitchen can get in the weeds sometimes, but the food always shows up hot. Is this the mythical ultimate burger?  Not recently, but it's still very good, and worth the journey.  They are a solid 3, with a +1 for execution and earnestness. EDIT:  The $10 burger has arrived in force at the local wineries and gastro-pubs.  I've been finding more reasons to go elsewhere, as the $12-15 offerings here are starting to pale in comparison for a place named after the dish.  It's A-OK, but I'm not the fan I was a year ago.
First, I want to say mayonnaise on a burger is NOT an American classic and it should not even be offered as a condiment at a burger joint. This was our 2nd try here, each time a different burger.  I first had the All American Square Deal burger.  It was disgusting because it had mayo on it, it was my fault for not reading the menu closer.   My second attempt was the Old Fashioned Burger, which has no mayo, and it was tasty.   Though, I would say, 5 Guys burgers do make a better tasting burger. As for the bartender, ordering drinks was like waiting at the DMV, it was a long wait. The restaurant was not busy, there were 3 people sitting at the bar and a total of 15 customers on the floor. The waiting time did happen at both visits. Bottom line: I would return only if someone else drove the car.
the beer wuz gud. i liked the beer. also the food wuz gud. i liked the beer. 5 stars. beer.
Average burger joint. Worst honey mustard I've ever had.
This place has every type of burger you may want. It's a quick casual restaurant with wait staff. I had the old fashioned cheeseburger and fries and my husband had the Buffalo bob with sweet potato fries. They were both cooked to our medium and very juicy. I am a fan! We have only been to the South Tampa location but will try the new Brandon location soon. They offer email coupons and deals also. The cost is a little more than a regular burger place, but definitely worth it.
Ordered the buffalo burger, done medium. Was really good. I love burgers and this was one if the really good ones I have had. The disappointments are the price and the size of the burger given the high price. Total rang in at more than $15 with a soda. That makes it a one visit place rather than a regular lunch haunt.
I love this little place! I bought a Groupon and we went there recently and it was great. Tasty burgers-nice atmosphere-clever bartender--can't find any real reason to complain. The bar area (we bellied up) got SLAMMED 10 minutes after we walked in and as such the bartender's fellow coworkers didn't have his back like they should have (they were busy lounging at the service end of the bar) this resulted in a light lag in service but it wasn't his fault. Extensive menu-if you can't find what you want here-it doesn't exist! OHH and we had the Red White and Bleu! Awesome.
Sweet Potato Fries - yum yum yum! Also any kind of juicy burger you can dream up! I love this place. They have a full bar and lots of Big Screen TVs to watch different sports. They also have a private room in the back that I think can be reserved -  I've seen a birthday party there.
I went in on a friday evening to the place being pretty dead with horrible 90s country music playing.  A buddy and myself each ordered a Kobe burger ($5 upcharge) making the burger and fries $18 and each ordered one beer.  Both of our burgers were definitely less than a half pound, but I would think for $18, I would get more... On top of that, the bottom bun was completely soaked with grease, so we BOTH had to remove it in order to eat it... i could go on with my ranting, but long story short, I will definitely not be back after spending almost $60....... unless you're making six figures, this is not your place. We're not in Miami.
A restaurant in Florida that makes you feel like you're in a very swanky, big city hangout! Excellent service, good crowd and the kind of variety we can only dream of when choosing a burger! Don't miss the gourmet sauces that are not only yummy on your burger but delicious on your fries!
Okay pretty damn good burger. PRetty superior service and the prices were taotally cool!
Good place to satisfy your burger craving. Great quality with variations on your traditional burger, if you like onion rings then definitely order them here. Will be visiting again.
mMmmm... I love me some good burgers. I'm definitely a huge fan of meat. Yeah... I said it. I love meat. Pretty inappropriate but true. The idea of burger boutiques make my heart flutter and the fact that they are opening in all major cities is a great idea. Ok so back to square one. Me and a friend went later in the evening because  we were super hungry and he read some good reviews about it. All he had to say was burger and my eyes lit up. No deciding necessary. It was done. Walking in the door, the welcome was very nice and wholesome. The service was above and beyond. I actually even asked my friend if it would be creepy of me to ask the waitress to be my friend. (Mind you, I'm new to the area and I'm desperate to meet people). So there. We stared with fried pickles. Probably the best I've ever had. The batter was light and I didn't feel like they were weighing my stomach down prior to the main course. I got the Rise and Shine Burger (Kobe). Wow... was it soo soo soo good! My 3 favorite condiments on a burger are bacon, a fried egg, and avocado/guac. Together I probably could be the happiest woman alive. Though there wasn't avocado on the burger, bacon and egg is A-ok with me. I like my burgers cooked medium and it was perfect. It also came with carmelized onions and gruyere. Seriously. This burger should be called the Dana Burger. If I could concoct a perfect burger it would included everything that this burger has. The only thing that could make this better is if it had a slight amount of horseradish on it. Woo! I just got excited. Dessert was the cupcake sampler. Not the best cupcakes I've ever had. But I won't lie, I laid in bed with a fork and a glass of milk later that night and had a delightful time with my cupcakes (get your mind out of the gutter). Overall great experience with great food.
4 star burger, 4 star service, 4 star prices.
Food was awesome, but seriously has to be the worst service I've had in a very long time. Waited over 10 min to be greeted, Server would ignore table for 20 min stretches, had to flag down manager to ask where dessert was (FYI...it was never ordered and had to be fixed on the fly), had to ask where drink order was ...also never put in.  I get that we all have bad days...but this was ridiculous.
Had the onion rings for an app lacked some seasoning but the dipping sauce and the breading was crunching and yummy...also had the old fashioned sliders with sweet potato fries .. Sliders were cooked perfectly and tasted great ... They also brew their own sweet and unsweetened tea which was perfect! I will definitely be coming back.
Great flavor, ordered the avacado turkey burger with blue cheese crumbles, i really enjoyed it and will probably go back again, My husband ordered the drunken pig and he also enjoyed his very much, the only problem i had was i though it was a pretty expensive burger and the portions didn't seem that large, and i was NOT a fan of the real cow skin they used to line the booth of the table we sat at, it was itchy and kind of made me a little upset to get to pet the cow while my husband ate it..just a hang up i have..Def a pricey burger though
There definitely weren't burger places this great in Tampa when I lived here a decade ago. Well worth it: the decor is fantastic, the burgers are delicious. Only downfall... don't take anyone here that has a difficult time making a decision. There are a LOT of options on the menu, but the staff are friendly and helpful enough to help you choose between the kobe or the ostrich.
Excellent. Different from a lot of the burger shacks that  have popped up lately. Apps- spicy pork eggrolls - for the money, not a very good deal. Overfryed, with too little filling. If it had been a few bucks, fine, but not at that price. Not enough to share. Onion rings - perfects. Excellent, light, not "refried" in terms of texture/flavor  Obviously cooked to order. Main burger - had the lamb burger as a recommendation of the "morning bartender A". Awesome. Don't see that on a menu frequently, was as good as expected. Chocolate shake - could have been a hair thicker, but I didn't ask either, so... Still a good flavor. Unknown "famous ice cream" brand but didn't matter. Waitress was excellent, just the right divide of watchful but not overbearing. Definitely recommend. Not as cheap as a 5 guys/smashburger/etc., but a much better burger (not in same class)
I don't mind paying up for a burger, I just don't think this place is worth it.
Very disappointed with this location.  I ordered a carryout on a Monday early evening.  No issues with placing the order online.  I waited in the outdoor carryout area for more than 5 minutes, from the time I started counting so I know it was much longer, and no one ever came out.  I saw a girl jump and peek out the window to see if there was a car out there but never actually brought my food out.  I went inside and the gal at the bar and my food was sitting there.  When I placed the ordered I asked for a cup with ice water as well.  As I was paying I just peeked in the bag and no silverware, no ketchup, no napkins and no water.  Seriously?!  This was a carryout, if you go to any other restaurant they include these times in the bag and you don't have to ask.  The gal at the bar acted like I was being a B for asking for reminding her about the water and asking for these times.  Now for the food, I love the X rated grilled cheese, this was terrible, the cheese wasn't even melted.  It's not that it just got cold from sitting at the bar, it literally just wasn't cooked long enough for the cheese to melt.  I will not go, back to this location.
AMAZING!!! Best burger I have ever had and that is saying a LOT!
I'm a burger guy.  Square one has never disapointed me one bit with the food quality or service.  I have been there 5 or 6 times.  Always get seated promptly and get in and out quick and easy.  Drinks are a tad pricey.  I like to go when I have a coupon, but the value is still ok without one.
Food was excellent. Cooked the way I requested it. Service was great. Great place to meet a group of friends.
Square 1 is coming to Brandon!!  I can't wait!!  Woo Hoo!!
This was our first time at Square One and I have to say that it was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in years. The restaurant was dirty and in disarray, the food tasted worse than McDonalds and the prices were outrageous. We spent $50 for three hamburgers that were dry and flavorless. The food was really, really bad. I could have gone to Outback and have purchased 3 tasty hamburgers for way less than $50. I'm upset I lost the $50 I spent on yucky food. In these hard economic times, throwing $50 away is so disappointing. Needless to say we won't ever go back to Square One.
If you're looking for a dollar cheseburger with pickles, keep driving. But if you're looking for a fresh take on burgers, Square one is your place. This is one of those restaurants that is a truly hidden gem in Tampa Bay. I've never seen them advertise, so they're generally not on the top of my mind - but if I'm ever in the area and happen to drive by, it's a great place to stop for a bite to eat. Want a basic hamburger? They've got you covered. Want mushrooms, swiss cheese, or onions? They've got you covered. Want your burger made with Kobe beef? Yep, you guessed it. There more burger combinations on the menu than you can count, especially if you take the Build Your Own Burger option. The last time I went was with some out of town guests who were new to the south. Our server recommended the fried pickles - dill pickle chips, battered and deep fried to a golden brown, served with a parmesan peppercorn dipping sauce. They were great. And just because it's a burger joint, don't think you'll be stuck drinking a cherry coke - an impressive bar and beer selection is on hand to match the menu. I normally try to balance out my reviews with both the positives and negatives of a restaurant, but honestly I'm having trouble finding a downside to this place... Maybe the parking - it can be tight, especially if you're there over lunch time. But well worth parking half a block down the street for a bite to eat.
When you hear 'Burger Joint' you generally think fast food, but Square One couldn't be further from that. They have a HUGE selection of burgers including Kobe beef, Bison, Chicken, and even Ostrich! There are a lot of options for toppings too and the fried jalapeno appetizer/side is excellent. The staff is friendly and attentive. there's not much more you could ask of a place that specializes in America's favorite food, hamburgers.
I had the burger with the green chili. I really had my hopes up for a burger like I got in NM. it wasn't spicy. it wad a hood burger. cooked a real med rare which is unusual. drinks were good but expensive.
Very good place with a wonderful beer selection and build your own burgers.
I was so happy tonight that we chose to go to Square One. The gourmet burger is not a myth. The service was quick and the  server extremely friendly and helpful. I ordered a Chili Cheeseburger that was unbelievable, and my husband died of happiness eating his Buffalo Burger. Fries are exceptional as well. I can't wait to go back!
One of the better burger spots in South Tampa. They have a lot of options that you can choose from as far as turkey, beef, veggie etc. and then you can either order one of their signature burgers or build your own.
Last night twelve of us went to Burger Square before going to an event.  The service was very good, the atmosphere was very nice.  The food was awful. My wife and I each ordered the American Burger.  Hers rare and mine medium. Hers was cooked more to medium rare and mine was unevenly cooked and was very dry.  Not juicy at all,  The onions and tomato was sliced paper thin.  It was hard to tell that they were even on the bun.  My burger had so much yellow mustard on it that I had to scrape it off with a knife.  I didn't understand the excess of mustard because there was a squeeze bottle of it on the table.  The sweet potato fries were tasty but cold.  Apparently everything must have been kept under a heat lamp so that all of the twleve dinners could come out at the same time.   This was our second and last visit to Square One. There are better choices in town, Burger Monga or Five Guys to name just two.
We started coming here because my fiancee is a vegetarian and he absolutely LOVES the black bean veggie burger! With that being said, I am NOT a vegetarian. We have always ordered delivery through mealcab, so maybe the experience for a non-vegetarian would be different if we dined in, however, the meat-burgers are nothing to write home about. The coleslaw is awesome, soups and salads are ok; I have eaten a wide-range of burgers here and if I were going to recommend one it would be the BBQ burger. The Decadent Daddy is a waste of money - $15???? and I thought it would be an explosion of flavor in my mouth, and it pretty much tasted like Kobe beef from McDonalds. Don't spend too much money here and you will leave pretty satisfied.
Love the Burgers there!!
Most of the time, the food here is amazing. The Angus burger is actually better than the Kobe.  The Angus is always juicy and perfect, the one time I ordered a Kobe burger, it was dry.  Amazing toppings, you can get brie, a choice of sauces, or even a fried egg on your burger! The desserts are really good too.
Fun place with great food.  The veggie burger is amazing!!
Food, beverage, and our individual server would earn 4 stars.  The staff as a whole seemed a bit overwhelmed by a Sat. afternoon rush-rest rooms and dining room floor needed attention and they were slow to get tables cleared for parties after ours, pulling my overall rating down to 3 stars.  The Phillie Cheesesteak Burger I had and my companion's Poblano Pepper Burger were done to perfection and the best burgers we've had in a Tampa full service restaurant.  Sweet potato fries-a must.  Onion rings were very lightly breaded and tasty.  Worth the $2 substitution charge?  Probably not.  Ordering them as a side to share would have made sense.  That's what we'll do next time, because there will be a next time.
Only good things to say about this place. I ordered the All American Square Deal with Kobe beef, and my boyfriend ordered the Decadent Diva. They were both delicious.  The portions were not HUGE which I like because I didn't leave feeling miserable. I got the fried jalapenos for my side.  Loved them! I also loved the fries that the boyfriend ordered. A little pricey for 2 burgers but  I will definitely go back!
Amazing place for gourmet burgers. They have so many unique meats to choose from (buffalo, ostrich, kobe beef) and the build your own burger idea is awesome. I also loved that it has a full bar and great appetizers. I definitely will come again!
On this visit I actually opted for the pulled pork sliders instead of a burger.  They were well prepared and tasty.  I enjoy going here for a gourmet burger as well and plan on going back.  My only criticism is that their prices are a little high (which is why I don't eat here more often) and parking is a little sparse.
My son's a big burger eater, so we went here. He loved his burger. We shared edamame, which with the smoked sea salt, was SO good. There wasn't a whole lot of it in the appetizer, but it was quite tasty. I got the Portabello Burger, which was a big mushroom cap (I know, no meat!), and it came with greens, a beefsteak tomato slice, and I got blue cheese crumbles on it, and no bun. Yum! That was like $9. That may sound like a lot of $$, but we were both way full.
excellent burgers! I had the kobe burger with fried egg on top, although short of a heart-attack, it was amazing! My friend had their much healthier tuna burger with brocolli and he really enjoyed it. They have a good selection for the healthier people, so don't let the word "burger" run you off. A must visit.
We have stopped in occasionally for some burgers. I prefer Datz's burgers, but neither my girlfriend and I can stand Datz's current ambiance and noise level. I would say the burgers here are alright, 50% of the time they are cooked correctly and the buns are nothing to write home about. If you do stop in go for their home made onion rings, they are half off on Wednesdays and I find I enjoy them more than their burgers.
Service has gone downhill. Food is now mediocre, once was one of favorite places.  Not anymore.
I would reccomend this place to you Only if you have alm night and a great sence of humor. Because this place is a joke.  What we thought was going to be a quick dinner turned into an hour and a half of wondering if we were going to get fed. Our server, who ratteled on about her personal life, really didn't know how to handle the cascade of events that befell our experiance. The were out of the beer we wanted- she gave us too long before she took our dinner order that our apps were finished and when she noticed finally just how long we were waiting with nothing on our table-  she sent a manager over to us who covered her butt.   I'm not saying I won't eat the food there because the burgers turned out to be good.. Just seriously disappointed in a place that will let it's staff hang out in front of your table and not notice what is going wrong.  Thumbs down.
Best burgers in Tampa that I have had.  No where else has a Kobe burger.  Every part of the burger is top notch, from the meat to the topping to the bread.  I always get the Decadent (Kobe Beef) and I have never once been disappointed.  Very juicy and flavorful. The fried jalapeños are a great appetizer and the beer selection is decent. Could be a little pricey for a burger but it is worth it. I always sit at the bar so not sure how the regular service is, but the bartender is always friendly and quick.
Square One Burgers was a suggestion by a friend to visit so i decided to give it a try.  It was very good and the burgers to choose from were decent. i also decided to be adventurous, i had never had fried jalapenos nor ever seen it before and i tried it and was hooked, im a huge fan of spicy and that did it for me. I also had the ostrich burger, yes ostrich and it was really good. They have angus beef and kobe beef plus many others. the only thing is that its a little pricey for a burger place but i guess your paying for the quality of beef. The decor is really nice. the booth tables are really small for big guys like my self but it wasn't too bad.
I was craving a good burger and wanted a place i could bring my dog and sit outside and eat. I had the bison burger which was pretty pricey but good! For two burgers our bill was $30, my boyfriend had the aloha chicken, which I actually preferred over my bison burger. Overall, I would definitely go back, especially since they allow dogs and have awesome sweet potato fries!
The burgers are great! Has a modern feel and decor. You are paying for a "boutique" burger, but they are so good. I've had good service there too.
Square 1 has been one of my favorites since it opened.  The burgers are awesome and there is a great selection.  The appetizers are really great too and they have some unique options.  Bar area is cool and the service is always great.
good lamb burger. great rings. good service. used a Groupon to visit for the first time. Will come back
