Spa Sudeva (formerly Spa Sundara) is a fantastic spa located on MacDill Ave. On the outside, Spa Sudeva does not stand out among its neighboring businesses. However, once you step inside, it is like you have stepped into another world. The entry lounge is small but sufficient enough for its purpose- to house spa goodies and a check in area. You don't stay at the entry lounge long enough for it to require any more space than what it has. When I walked in, I was immediately taken aback with the change in atmosphere inside the spa doors. Asian-influenced music playing softly and dimmed lighting- it was all so soothing. The front desk assistant was calm and peaceful, speaking in a hushed tone, not hurried at all, bare-footed and completely natural. I knew this was going to be a good experience from the get-go. Once I gave my name, the front desk assistant walked me back to the spa area. I was transported yet again to another hidden lounge of dimmed lights, soothing music, perfect temperature and scent. She showed me where to place my belongings- in a private locker that had a plush robe for me to wear in the sitting lounge- and a bathroom and shower area should I wish to use them. The sitting lounge itself was so lovely. Comfortable seating, light reading, dimmed lights and candles lit, Eucalyptus scented, draped tapestries decorating the ceiling, healthy treats to eat and delicious tea to sip on. I was in love with the sitting lounge and felt completely relaxed before my session. Christa was with me for my massage session. She was very nice and seemed kind and positive-minded. This allowed me to feel comfortable with her from the start, which is always a good sign when you are about to receive a full body massage. We briefly discussed my problem areas before the session began and it went fantastic! Though we were the same body size, Christa really knew how to work my problematic shoulder blades, getting deep into areas of knotted tissue. I also really appreciated the calf and foot massage. Who knew how much pressure these areas received? Thinking about it reminds me that I should make another appointment in the near future... Check out was a breeze. I received a discount card for Christa, where I receive a free massage session after I complete a few more sessions with her. Awesome! I was sad to go home but I went home and loafed around, in pure bliss and relaxation. Overall, it was a wonderful, relaxing experience and I encourage everyone to make a visit at least once. You will fall in love!
By far the best spa in the Tampa Bay. Such a relaxing atmosphere, wonderful service. Can't wait to come back!
I just had a marvelous facial at this spa.  I have had facials around the world and this was absolutely the best facial ever!
Truley amazing place! The staff is absolutely wonderful and the energy there is so welcoming and calming.  I would recommend spa sudeva to anyone and everyone.
What a beautiful place! I showed up on a Friday afternoon to see if they could squeeze in appointments for the same day (hers & his) and they absolutely made it work without fuss. Inside of those magical doors that provide entry to Spa Sundara reveals the most amazing ambiance and scents, gorgeous decor, plush, almost sinfully relaxing environment. Perfect! The massage was fantastic. Every aspect was great...pressure, smells, etc. His massage was great- he had lower back pain and had none upon departure and felt great for the entire weekend following. A job well done, doubly. At the end of the services, the tea room was nice to sit in and quite a treat in my warm, fuzzy robe with wonderful hot tea....I would have been happy to spend the remainder of the evening there. Visit; you will not be disappointed!
Very cold and unamenable. I bought my girlfriend a gift certificate for valentines day and she spent weeks finding a good day for an appointment. Once settled, she was looking forward to her experience because we had heard great things. But I made her cancel her appointment because of the death of a family friend, and she left a message a few hours late after their "cutoff" on Saturday  (since they're closed on Sunday and Monday), with her appointment being on Tuesday the following week. She called and was charged for half of the price of her facial, presumably because they could not fill her spot for the cancellation. Perhaps their spa is great, but their stringent adherence to cancellation policies has made us both so upset that she nor I find no reason to use the remaining half of the gift certificate money. In fact, the associate I talked to on the phone preposterously made it seem as if she was doing us a favor by not charging my girlfriends credit card, using my gift certificate money to cover the spa's  misconstructed  framework for covering their own liabilities. The bottom line is that dealing with the staff is more like talking to a legal textbook than talking to an employee of a business that was established to take away the stresses of its constituents. I wonder, if at all, there could be a time when my girlfriend or I could go to this spa without being embittered by their callous and unsympathetic treatment of us during the death of a friend. Anyone who wants part of a gift certificate, I wish I could offer it to you. But I don't think you'd want it
THIS IS WHAT EVERY SPA SHOULD LOOK LIKE, SMELL LIKE AND BE LIKE. I have very very high standards for spas. They must be DARK DARK DARK, they must be clean, they must have aromatherapy happening in the rooms/lounges and you must be treated like a queen. This spa meets and/or surpasses all of my standards. I have been to 5 star spas all over the world, and this place has taken all the best hints from those spas and put it together in one small yet beautiful package on Howard Ave in South Tampa. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you get inside, you are transported to a 5 star spa in Dubai. Congrats to the owner for getting it soooo right. We are lucky to have a spa like this in Tampa. Btw I had a massage with Caroline. It was perfect. Highly recommend her.
Spa Sundara has amazing customer service. After a hectic day at work, I accidentally arrived 30 minutes late for my actual appointment, but 30 minutes early for the time I had made up! They had even called to tell me the time the day before! I felt horrible, and was completely willing to pay the cancellation fee. They allowed me to reschedule my appointment at no cost even though it was completely my fault. I can't wait for my rescheduled appointment.
Just had a massage here... Same great experience as facial. Phenomenal spa-- quaint, relaxing, peaceful ambiance!!
This is truly one of the best spa experiences I've ever had, and I'm REALLY picky. I have a very hard time relaxing and as soon as I walked through the door, all of my stress melted away. The girls are not pushy about adding extra services but when you check out, they do mention things you might like. I've never been disappointed by any of their services or suggestions. The staff doesn't rush through your services either, and give you ample time to relax and recharge. This place is also SUPER clean.
One of the best spa experiences I've ever had. From the moment you walk through the front doors, you are transported into serenity and entranced with peace. Everything inside this spa, from the lighting, decor and aromas, adds to the ambiance of this spectacular spa.   The waiting area is fully loaded with teas, infused water, a pumpkin seed trail mix (my interpretation) and comfy lounge chairs and couches.     My facial was running behind schedule so Emery offered to let me wait in the sauna room.  It was lovely to sweat it out for 15 minutes before my scheduled facial and massage.     During the facial, my senses were enlivened with the aromas of fruits scrubs and serums.  The all natural products used were a treat from my usual mundane creams and scrubs.   Emery was attentive and offered a narrative for every step of the treatments.   I will most definitely be returning to this incredible retreat tucked away in South Tampa.
Boyfriend and I went here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. We work hard in the service industry and our backs hurt. I thought it would be a great gift for the both of us to get swedish massages. After our visit, my back felt looser and I was in complete euphoria. Lovely, polite service. I may have drooled a little :( If you really want to check this place out, get the Yelp deal FOR SURE. And go to their website and check out their packages. You can get an additional service for free or half price. Why not 5 stars? Believe me, it does deserve five stars. But two things brought it down for me. The place is really small... I mean really small. Skinny hallways and tiny locker room. The pictures on here are accurate, but do not capture the cramped feeling you may get. Secondly, there was a huge disappointment in our reservation. I called to make our appointment a week in advance. In addition to our massages, I scheduled a 'zen for men' package for my boyfriend. He's older and works so very hard and I wanted him to get an additional neck massage and facial. The night before our anniversary, a nice lady called and confirmed our appointments. The next day, three hours before our appointment, another lady called and said that the 'zen for men' package was cancelled. I was really disheartened that on such short notice (and after a confirmation after a week)  the service could not be provided. My boyfriend didn't care (cause he's a dude) and he probably didn't need it anyway, but I really wanted him to walk out of the place feeling like butter. I was just so very sad by the unprofessionalism. Oh well, thats my cry baby fit. Will I be back? Meh, maybe. Oh who am I kidding, f*** it, the massage was great. Four stars.
I was treated to an epic bachelorette weekend getaway and this was our first stop. This is easily, hands down, no question, the best spa I have ever been to. Ever. The staff at Spa Sundara truly understand and appreciate what relaxation means and they took it very seriously. The aromas in the spa are unreal and the services were phenomenal. I didn't want to leave! It's a damn shame that Spa Sundara is so far (I'm in Orlando) because I would make an effort to book an appointment every month. Truly a wonderful spa experience!
Spa Sundara Surprise! I actually visited the Spa to surprise my girlfriend with a massage there and the service and information I received to properly do it was amazing! Once you step inside, the aurora hits you and the peace that will come is amazing! I will definitely be back for surprises, and, who knows, maybe even for myself!
Flawless, caring, relaxing, effective. I can't imagine it getting much better than this...it made an immediate and measurable difference in my health both times I've had massages.
The minute you walk in, you know you are in the right place to unwind and relax. From the soothing smell of lemongrass and eucalyptus oils to the dimly lit sconces and earth toned walls, this place is the definition of zen. I'm a very picky spa goer so I notice all of the minor details that this place addressed. I also judge a spa by the quiet room and this one did not disappoint, draped with silk fabrics on the ceiling, herbal tea and healthy snacks, I was completely in a zone while completing the paperwork. Also, the massage and the scented oils were nice and afterwards the infared sauna was extremely relaxing. This spa has only been opened since September 2011, but they have mastered the experience like a veteran day spa. I will be returning.
Once again, Spa Sundara delivers! I went in for a basic facial service using their 1/2 off "love your body" coupon. Edyta did an incredible job. Atmosphere was incredibly relaxing, the service was conscientious and soothing. Afterwards, Edyta took the time to explain all of their products to me (only after I asked about them) and gave me tips on Do It Yourself techniques I can do at home! I truly cherish this place and the women that work there. Couldn't ask for a better resource for the days I want to pamper myself.
This was my first visit at Spa Sundara for the classic, European facial with the lovely Edyta. I can confidently say, this will not be my last time at Spa Sundara. I am usually very picky and particular about beauty services, and like to only go to individuals who are knowledgable and passionate about their craft, who are capable of answering my questions, who confidently provide their expertise and suggestions, and who are not pushy on selling me things that do not apply to my needs. Edyta and her staff were all of the above during my visit. The atmosphere of the Spa is perfect - relaxing and calming. The entire establishment is very clean, and smells beautifully without being over powering or "chemical-ly." The staff was very welcoming and pleasant, never making you feel rushed or uncomfortable. The facial was fantastic! Edyta did a great job of helping you relax, while also educating you on your skin type, providing suggestions on how to best take care of your skin in making it healthy and youthful. The products she uses are top quality and smell wonderful, and I came home glowing and refreshed. Edyta was very helpful with all of my questions. I very much look forward to going to Spa Sundara on a regular basis.
I visited Spa Sundara because I had a gift card for a 60 minute Facial. Trying to make an appointment was very difficult because almost everyday was booked.  I actually took that as a good sign because I assumed everyone really enjoyed their facials. I finally booked an appointment, and was told if I need to cancel, to do so within 24 hours of the appointment time, or half the gift card was taken. Wow! When I first entered the Spa, the front counter staff was on the phone. I sat and waited for about 10 minutes until she got off the phone with a customer. She led me to the back to change and into another room where there were refreshments waiting (water, coffee, tea). The woman doing the facial then greeted me and we began the treatment. I explained to her that I had a head cold, and breathing through my nose was pretty difficult. I think it was a mixture of the cold and her continuously covering up my mouth that made the facial difficult to enjoy :( Also, there were several times she would lay a hot towel on my face, which felt very nice. I assumed that while the hot towel was doing it's magic to my pores, that she would focus on something else, like my neck or shoulders, but she would just sit there and wait several minutes. It just seemed like time spent wastefully. Also during the facial, there was no extraction performed. Every facial I have had in my life has had some type of extraction, which in my opinion is the best part of the facial because you are able to get blackheads and dirt you normally wouldn't be able to get at home. I looked afterward at the definition of services, and they covertly state "extraction performed if necessary". Interesting....! Once it was finished, they alloted 5-10 minutes of the facial for you to just sit in the room and relax. Yes it was nice to relax, but I'm sorry; if I pay for a 60 minute facial, I would like a 60 minute facial. Further the day after, I had a sore neck from the quick neck message I was given. I grew up in the Miami area, and I'm not sure if I have just been spoiled with great facials or what, but this definitely was not one of them.
I don't post a lot and I am kind of nervous that this post will make more people go but I just have to give kudos to Spa Sundara....it is AMAZING! The lighting, the smell, the quietness, the tea room, the staff.....I could go on, literally the best. I moved down from up north and could not find a place like the spas back home, but finally I found Sundara and my own little slice of heaven in Tampa. Get the yelp deal....you wont regret it!
I love this spa! From the moment you walk in, you can't help but feel calm and relaxed. Christa is one of the BEST massage therapist I've ever been to and I've been to a lot! She's LEGIT! I need to come back for a facial, which I heard is AMAZING! Love, love, love this place!
Got a facial here as part of a bachelorette party. Facial was awesome, and the spa was relaxing and really did their best to accommodate a bunch of noisy, giggly women who hadn't seen each other for ages. We did't feel rushed at all, weren't upsold, and it was awesome that even though we were a big group, they let each of us use a yelp deal!
Wonderful experience! You would never think that this type of environment would be right behind a closed red door on MacDill, but it is. Highly recommend it for massages, in particular. Brenda was fantastic. It will be my little local oasis. Can't wait to go back.
I was visiting Tampa for business and was in desperate need of a spa treatment. Per the reviews on Yelp, I decided to go here. I have no regrets.  I love the way the spa is decorated. Moreover, the services were awesome.  I was snoring so loud during my massage, I woke myself up!  If/when I return to Tampa, I will add Spa Sundara to my itinerary.
I wouldn't change anything about my visit. The massage by Christa was amazing and the spa itself is a beautiful oasis. I have already made an appointment to go back.
I have been to Spa Sundara four times now. I love the healing therapy massage. Christa is terrific. The facials by Edyta are the best I have ever had. I would not go anywhere else. My skin felt tighter, moist, and healthy. This is my go to place. Love it. Thanks!
I love this spa! I immediately felt relaxed as soon as I walked in. It's clean, comfortable and the atmosphere feels really luxurious...  however, the prices aren't crazy.  I really enjoyed the extra perk of using the dry sauna. I've gotten a facial and a massage there and both were amazing. I will definitely go back.
Wonderful place to get facials and massages.  Edyta is wonderful and does amazing things for your complexion.  She really listens to your issues, and gives you advice for your skincare regimen.  I feel so renewed and relaxed after I get a facial or massage here.
I cannot begin to say how much I LOVE Spa Sundara. First of all, let me start by telling you that in the past, I have never enjoyed getting a facial or body treatment. Aside from a spa in Fiji, every other spa I have every visited has had a stuffy, sterile feel to it. and the facials have been uncomfortable. I thoroughly enjoyed my facial with Edyta. So much, that I now come back once a month. The spa is warm and inviting and you truly feel like you are on a retreat. For me its like taking a little journey back to Fiji, except its just a few blocks away! Edyta pays special attention to the little details, and never leaves me wondering what she is putting on my skin or makes my skin burn or feel uncomfortable.  Plus, the products are organic, which I LOVE! Not only is my skin looking better than ever, my mind and body are getting rejuvenated as well. Thank-you Edyta and Spa Sundara!!
Today was my first day visiting this spa (which I found through other reviews on yelp). My spa experience was amazing! I got the coffee detox wrap and it was great. It is a very relaxing atmosphere and it was a great way to spend my birthday. I also liked how the treatment was explained to me so that I knew fully what I was getting myself into. I will definitely be back.
Walking into Spa Sundara is like walking into a retreat. The lighting soft and music softer...the people that greet you are calm and happy to see you. This is all very nice, but the real experience starts when sitting with Edyta, the owner and discussing the direction of treatment. She sees each person as an individual and caters the experience to your needs. This is much more than a spa treatment. This is creating balance and harmony in your body, skin, mind, soul....I have never left without feeling completely at peace - and my skin feels better for weeks. I must not forget to mention how good it feels to have natural products on my skin, and Reiki mixed in. This stands out as my best spa experience ever! Thank you, Spa Sundara!!!
Such a welcome oasis! From the soothing music and decor, to the meditation Room and infrared sauna, the experience was a pleasure!  The staff was welcoming and professional. Such a nice relaxing time - I will definitely go back when I am visit Tampa again.
What a relaxing experience! First of all, the decor is gorgeous and very soothing, and the atmosphere puts you in the right mind for your spa experience. They offer some time beforehand to enjoy their infrared spa or relax in the lounge with some tea or water.  I had a facial done with Edyta and she was very nice and knowledgable.  We discussed my skin and it's needs and she explained everything she was doing, giving pointers on breathing techniques and skin care. The products felt nice and seemed to do their job and I left looking relaxed and glowing. I highly recommend getting a facial here as well as seeing Caroline for massages.
I won a certificate at a charity auction for a massage and facial. The staff made sure I was very relaxed and the spa was calming. My services were superb and I definitely recommend them to anyone!  Edyta did my facial and explained everything to me and gave me recommendations for my skin.  I had the service before elsewhere, but I felt Spa Sundara and it's employees really went above and beyond.
This place was amazing. I don't think I have ever felt more relaxed in my life. I love their ambience. Everyone should get a massage from here at least once.
Perfect place to relax and have excellent service. Highly recommend. I had the European Facial done and loved every minute of it. I am going back next week for a massage and bringing my fiancé along to get the same facial.
This is such a relaxing place! The Zen fusion massage I got was phenomenal and I will definitely be back! I have pain and tightness in my shoulders due to a postural condition and my massage therapist, Christa was very knowledgeable. She was able to customize my massage to fit my needs and I felt like a new person afterward. I highly recommend Spa Sundara! The staff are kind, unpretentious, authentic people. You will not be disappointed!
This was a very bad spa experience from beginning to end. The services were low quality.  They did not treat me very nicely at all.
Wonderful experience! Great service, awesome massage and facial. Friendly and kind staff. Awesome atmosphere and aromas. I will definitely come back! Amazing place to celebrate an anniversary with your significant other.
Spa Sundara is the REAL deal!!! As a resident of NYC, I have enjoyed my fair share of luxury spas, and was utterly impressed with all aspects of my experience at Spa Sundara! All of my senses were touched the moment I stepped into this relaxing sanctuary. I was transported to a far away exotic land....the lulling music, the delicious scent emanating from the candles, and soft light radiating from the chandeliers above. I was immediately embraced in a world of relaxation, and all of my stress and negative energy instantly slipped away. And, most importantly, my facial was truly the BEST treatment I have ever received! My skin was glowing, and the organic products used are amazing. Every single detail has been considered! I have never written a review before, but this spa and the owner, Edyta, deserve an applause for creating a respite for those that need to escape their stressful lives, and be healed by her magic touch. I only wish Edyta had a location in New York as I would be her top customer!
Loved Spa Sundara. Edyta is so knowledgeable as well as willing to share any and every word of advice. The ambience is so soothing and she truly cares about overall wellness, not just selling products. Worth every penny!
Absolutely amazing! From when I walked in the door to my last cup of tea, it was an incomparable experience. The customer service was impeccable and the treatment itself was equally fantastic. The entire site is built like a retreat: comfortable furniture with warm robes, tranquil rooms and resting areas, etc. I had an hour long massage with Brenda, who was fun, cheerful, welcoming, and so professional. At the end, they even honored the special I had seen on their website with no fuss about needing to see any coupon or anything. Seriously so spectacular! Highly recommended if you are looking for that special mental health break!
I had my first experience at Spa Sundara yesterday. As soon as I walked in, I was immediately impressed by the calm, soothing atmosphere and was warmly welcomed in by the staff. Caroline, the massage therapist I had an appointment with, led me into a back room where she had me change into a plush terrycloth robe and slippers and then into a sauna room where I stayed for 10 minutes or so as a warm up. Afterward, I was led into another room, had all the different types of services explained to me in detail and selected an antioxidant/exfoliating coffee bean body wrap for myself. The smell of this wrap was amazing and it left my skin feeling super smooth and moisturized. After Caroline applied the wrap and had me all bundled up, she cranked up the heat on the massage chair and put two warm, damp towels over my feet and began massaging my neck and scalp, followed by a foot massage. I was then led into another back room with a nice shower to rinse off (the towels they have for you to dry off are sooo soft too). After my shower, I went back to the room where I had my wrap and received the most amazing hour long, full body massage I've ever had. I almost fell asleep a couple of times! ANYWAY, words can't describe how much I was impressed by this place. I've already recommended several of my friends and family to come and I'm planning on coming back in with my cousin in the next couple weeks! Do yourself a favor and come by to unwind. You will be addicted! :)
This place is like no other! By the time I walked into the front door & slipped into their comfy slippers, I couldn't believe how relaxed I was already feeling! Edyta, the owner & esthetician, is absolutely amazing! Best facial I have ever had & I will definitely be back for more! My skin was glowing & radiant right away! The products are amazing & TRULY holistic. Many places here in Tampa like to jump on the "organic" & "green" bandwagon according to trends but Spa Sundara is TRUE to their own philosophy. If you want to experience a real spa service, Spa Sundara is the place for you! You really feel like you are transitioning into another world as soon as you enter & I can't wait to go back! 10 stars!!
I've been trying to find the "perfect" spa experience ever since I moved here ( 4 years ago).  Today, I found it!  Spa Sundara's atmosphere is peaceful and relaxing without being pretentious.   The staff is warm and genuine.  Their services are unique while being best in class.  I recommend arriving a few minutes early, so you allow time to slip into the robe/slippers, sip on tea or water and if you'd like, taste a few of the snacks in the waiting area.   Also, allow yourself "extra" time afterwards, as the sauna (complimentary with any service) is the perfect way to top off a wonderful experience.   I have already booked another appointment and would recommend this to any/all people I know!
Spa Sundara was excellent.  I got the european facial and Edyta did an awesome job.  The whole environment is so calming.  I will be going back and I live all the way in Largo but very well worth the visit.
The staff was helpful and kind. Everything was very clean and peaceful. My massage therapist was terrific. Would highly recommend to others.
My wife used a Yelp deal here and really enjoyed herself.
Great service!
