Clean. New equipment. Friendly staff/trainers. Great Hours. For $15-$20 a month this is a great deal. Everyone minds their own business when working out and the trainer, Ray, is very good. Only thing, no towels, napkins available and a $45 annual fee for updating their facilities. Great Deal. Definitely there 4-6x a week! I lost my wallet and the staff helped me find it, so I was very appreciative of that!
Great gym for $15/month. The staff  is always courteous, the gym is clean,  and cool music playing in the background. There's one con. There's no reception and no wifi. It drive me crazy when I want to listen to Spotify on my phone. I wish they would include free wifi with our membership.
$15 per month for, if not the same, newer state of the art equipment than the surrounding clubs that charge several times that rate is simply genius. Secondly, this place is cleaner and less crowded than the local competition. Yes, it's better than the 'Judgement-Free Zone' who judges and assumes people who train with dedication "lift things up and put them down" as well as that place with the abbreviated 4 letters in that red oval. Aside from plenty of cardio equipment and a machine for every major muscle group, they have new dumbbells and a power rack with a 45 lb. barbell for dead lifts, squats and other compound exercises alike. They also have a nice new cable cross machine, stability swiss balls and decent sized stretching area. Yet, although there is enough here to allow for an efficient workout, unfortunately they're missing a good old bench press. I wouldn't call this place bare bones, and for $15 per month, it's worth it. However, they are completely paperless (no towels or tissues but you can buy face towels for $3.00 each). The fine print: A couple of things to be aware of... Annual maintenance fee charged once a year on top of your monthly rate and 45 days cancellation notice (most places require 30 days).
I work close by and go to the gym on my lunch breaks. It's a small gym on the 1st level of the Galleria Mall, no pool, no sauna etc! But has great equipment and a friendly set of staff members! It's clean and well managed! The manager Lou is very nice, greets us at the door at check in everytime we go and knows us by 1st name basis!
An excellent gym with nice friendly staff, small and comfortable - no judgmental people, and very reasonable prices for everything.  it is a brand new gym so all the equipment is brand new.  The bootcamp class is an excellent work out there and Bobby is an excellent trainer.
A great all around gym, especially for the price of the membership fee. The staff are very friendly and work hard to keep the facility clean.
I first joined this gym since it's very close to my job. The super beautiful young lady who singed me up is a bonus. Well, Blink fitness is a huge upgrade from Planet fitness in every shape and form. Blink is very clean, small, everybody there is concentrating on their own workout so you don't have any muscle heads trying to tell you how to workout. The staff is friendly, plenty of equipment, and the locker rooms are spotless with showers you can actually use. An amazing value for only 20 a month.
Super clean gym.  No muscle heads peacocking.  Sooo affordable.  And the staff is so nice, always offering their assistance and advice on how to maximize your time there.  And did I mention HOW CLEAN THEY ARE!!!!!!!!  Best membership, I have ever paid for!
This gym is everything I had hope for in a gym, especially for my first gym membership. I was initially hesitant but the staff is very friendly and there is more than enough cardio equipment available, especially since I go in early. The facilities are kept nice and clean, and I feel like I can workout in piece. Definitely a good place for the price!
Nice gym! Good for the price. Orientation sessions are really helpful. Mine was with pete and he really helped me understand the exercised I needed without the machines to build stamina. 6-8pm are rush hours. Not the best time for weights or using machines. Weekends are the best. I'm new to the gym but if my experience stays positive I'll definitely be a coming here regularly.
I was a member of NYSC, Crunch, Planet Fitness in White Plains thru out the course of 8 months. I cancelled all of them because of the same reason. Lazy useless staff. Unaccountable Management. And downright disgusting and filthy gyms. Not to mention, the vibe of all these places just flat out sucked. I walked into this Galleria mall gym and within seconds, I knew I found a new home. I walked into the locker room and saw the general manager on his knees scrubbing a toilet and I knew that this was a staff that actually cared. I don't even scrub my own toilet in my own home. The ladies at the front desk was the sweetest and friendliest I have ever encountered. The staff is constantly walking around cleaning and makes sure everybody working out is satisfied. To say the gym and equipment is clean is an understatement. See it yourself to believe it. I definitely recommend Blink in the Galleria mall. Every other gym in the surrounding area is a joke and a disgrace. This gym has a member for life. For $15, I get the red carpet feel each and every time and you can't put a price on that.
