TACO TUESDAY! That's what I come for, or a good pre game $2 MARGARITAS $2 TEQUILA SHOTS $2 CORONAS $2 TACOS (don't do it go to Gringos Locos after) Can beat the drink specials and the people watching. Be prepared for drunk ppl and homeless dancers. If you're uptight and not good with heat and crowds, stay at home.
If you're thinking of coming here for the food, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. We accidentally wandered into Wall Street Cantina during lunch on a weekday. It took me all of 30 seconds to realize the place was pretty gross. The dining area has cobwebs sprawling out across the a/c vents and pigeons wandering around. I've been to some pretty grungy places and the food has been great. So I held onto hope until I got my meal. I ordered tacos that were about $7-8 and I should have just gone to Taco Bell and saved 5 bucks. They were bad. As a bonus, Wall Street Cantina wins an award for the most disgusting bathroom I have ever been to in an establishment that serves food!
Haha. This place is for night life! The food is great for bar food options, but the only time I am really here is between 10-2. A lot of harsh criticism for food when it should be featured as late night hangout!
Stopped in here recently for a drink and really enjoyed their $3 house strawberry margaritas. The bartender was really friendly and the chips and salsa were actually quite tasty. The bartender was fast on refills and also quick to ring up the check when asked. It was the only bar of the bunch in Wall Street Plaza open in the afternoon. I'd definitely be interested in trying the lunch menu in the future once I learn my way around Downtown Orlando a little better.
The food is pretty good at lunch for the price. It's actually fairly reasonable for the downtown lunch scene. The food is not overly amazing, and there are indeed better places to grab a taco when downtown (places that emphasize mustaches). I had to order the tacos to try them out. I had 1 chicken and 1 beef, and it was just OK. However, they actually can accommodate a group of 6 or more, when a lot of places downtown lose their minds during lunch time. I would probably go back, but it's not a destination when downtown for lunch.
I don't get it.   Don't come here if you're craving tacos on Taco Tuesday.  It's basically a terrible taco and definitely not worth 2 dollars.  I did enjoy some of the people watching, and beer was cheap.
I went to Cantina yesterday to bask in some Wall Street Cinco de Mayo festivities. Decided to sit down and grab some food at around 9pm since I felt that my liver experienced enough damage from drinking since 1pm that day. I guess I picked a pretty good spot to sit and eat since the food was pretty good and the service was fast. So Wall Street had a stage set up right by Cantina for a band that was playing all night. Seating was limited, but everyone was having a great time, so it wasn't really a problem. It was hard to find a waiter, but a bartender was quick to ask if we were waiting for service and she got someone to our table right away. I got a chicken quesadilla and my bf decided to get some chicken fingers. Although they were pretty busy that day and there was quite the commotion going on outside, our waiter made sure to check up on us periodically in case we needed anything. Our food was out pretty quick. The quesadilla was pretty great. Tons of cheese, just the way that I like it. Chicken was tender and seasoned well and the tortilla was toasted enough to make it crisp, but not falling apart. Came with a side of pico de gallo (maybe? it was pretty heavy on the onions lol) and a heap of sour cream (YUM). The chicken fingers were also good. Tender chicken that was breaded and seasoned well. Came with a side of very sweet honey mustard :D Can't wait to go back to this place. Might do a happy hour just to try some more of their food. And their margarita was also very good. Not watered down like the rest of the places I went to that day, but I did pay the price for it. All in all, I'd say that the prices were very reasonable. $20 for a drink and two dishes. Service was also pretty good, considering that they were pretty busy and dealing with a bunch of drunk people.
Chicken fajitas were well cooked. Not sure why flour tortillas are warmed in microwave. Cost cutting with a lot of shredded lettuce. Good for a late night snack. I would order a beer instead of margarita.
Food was just ok, but what was bad was the dust everywhere you look above you. .The bathrooms are terrible,  I went to turn on the faucet and the thing fell over. Was hoping for better...
Cider! Yes, one of the only places on Wall St. that has cider.  It's woodpecker.  This place is usually a stop in sort of spot each time I stroll Wall St. It's a pretty large place with inside and outside seating.  It is NOT the cleanest of places but it's a bar, what do you expect? Speaking of that, for being a bar, the food is not that bad.  The nachos are where it's at! They have Taco Tues each week and I hear that is pretty good. I'll have to check it out. Overall, good place to hang around and chat with some friends during the week.  Friday and Sat tends to be PACKED so I usually just grab a drink and head outside.   Overall, it's A-OK.
Wall Street is the definition of A-OK.  Somehow I always end up here although I would rarely plan on it.  I'm almost embarrassed to be the Dutchess.  Is everyone else just too drunk to check in?  It's always so crowded! Pros: Free entry if you get in early.  Wear a wristband so you can come back later.  Also, I get emails and promotions for free entry all the time.  I never pay for cover.  Try to snag a table for fantastic service!  The servers are fast and nice and seem to put up with a lot of crap. Tip them well! It seems like everyone congregates here at the end of the night so it's a great opportunity to mingle with some characters you'd never have the opportunity to otherwise. They host some of the best themed events in town. Yes, I would rather go to actual Mardis Gras, but Wall St. was a great alternative complete with a parade (of sorts), gumbo and crawfish.  Magic games are particularly enjoyable here. Cons: It gets super crowded, dirty and rowdy at night.  They have uniformed police monitoring the place for a reason.   If I view the ground in daylight I get sick.   The bathrooms are a Hot Mess. That being said, you will find be back here again soon.
Taco Tuesday.  The only reason I frequent Wall St. Cantina.  Their hard chicken tacos with cheese are great!  I also enjoy the rice that comes on the side with them!  It's a good deal for good food. They have a patio outside, which is a great place to sit during lunch for the work week to people watch, and it's great when the weather it nice.  Makes you NOT want to go back to work.   Service is decent, not always the best.  I don't think I've ever had any other food there other than the tacos....so I guess I can't really comment on this place any more than what I've said up to this point.
I went for a private party, so I'm basing my review on the things that I believe are constants. The location is nice, right off Orange on Wall St. It's part of the Wall St. bar group whatever thing. 8 bars, 1 cover, if you're into that. The chips and salsa were pretty sad, and if something that simple is not great, I would be reluctant to try other things (especially after reading the other reviews). I had a Lynchburg Lemonade, which I enjoyed. They have cider here, and while I heard it's not Woodchuck-level, it's good and a nice switch for those who need gluten free drinks. I probably won't go back unless it's just to people watch, I'd rather go elsewhere to get food in the area.
Great place to hang out on a sunny afternoon.  Granted, I've walked down Wall St at night when its in full swing and the environment is two steps away from the True Blood Season 2 finale.  LOL.  I'm showing my age when I say this, but I'd much rather have the "til dusk" version of Wall St. This place had a great outdoor area.  It was a "seat yourself" type situation which sometimes scares me, because occasionally in other restaurants, no one notices you sit down and you can be forgotten.  Not so here.  Great bubbly waitress,  knew the menu, knew the beer list, and was very attentive. The food was decent as others have mentioned.  It's more of a pub atmosphere than "fine dining" but there are other places for that stuff.  The prices were reasonable,  I had the Cantina Burrito w/ chicken and it was very good, it came with your own personal stack of chips and salsa which are the same that you can have prior to eating (FYI in case you wanna eat lite). Love places like this where you can chill with friends for the better part of an afternoon, have drinks, and be merry.
My coworkers said we HAD to attend taco Tuesdays here at the Cantina.  They also stated that Taco Bell had better tacos than Cantina.  After our confusing conversation, I didn't know what to expect.  When we arrived the restaurant was packed. The tacos had to be good, right? Uh no. Even at $2, they were pretty gross. The salsa was decent and the beer was cold. What made the evening was the people watching. Apparently to some crowds, taco Tuesday is a formal affair.  Then there were the bums. Dancing, singing and preaching their way to free cigarettes from restaurant clients. All in all, I will be back. Probably next Tuesday.
We stopped by here for dinner on our way to a show at the Beacham.  I've been here before a couple of times over the last 12 years or so, but it never really stood out to me and it was never a downtown destination that I ever really considered. It's still pretty much the same. For dinner, I ordered the jerk chicken sandwich. It's an overdone grilled chicken breast on a bun, with a spicy mustard sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickles.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  The price was pretty good though, and when the weather is cooler the outside patio is very comfortable, so I can see the appeal.
$3 Margaritas.  Who can pass up a good deal on margaritas and 1/2 off appetizers during happy hour.  You can either sit outside or inside.  I tried the nachos with the chili meat on top.  It wasn't the best nachos I've ever had however, it was cheap and filling.
Don't bother if you only have an hour for lunch. It takes that long just to get your food! The waitress was ... lacking skills to put it mildly. We had to ask twice for her to check on our order and didn't even bother to ask if we wanted refills on our water. When we finally got the food, it was so-so. Nachos were just ok and friend's chimichanga had tough, chewy chicken strings ... I won't be back. Go to Gringos Locos instead. Edit: Apparently someone took this review as being made the day of the visit and decided to give me the details of all the orders of nachos and chimichangas for the day. So, to clarify, my visit was NOT the same day as this review, it was from a visit two weeks ago. In the future, I will try to be more precise as to my exact comings and goings.
To my surprise, downtown Orlando doesn't have a whole lot of restaurants. We walked several blocks before finding a restaurant, any restaurant, that was open for lunch. Enter Wall Street Cantina.  I applaud whoever decided to install the multiple ceiling fans in the establishment, as they are always welcome on 95F, humid days. My cajun chicken sandwich hit the spot, but the fries were overly seasoned.  K seemed to enjoy his chili and fajitas.  Also, beware - the tables might be sticky for you too. Overall, it was a-ok.
Before I moved to Pittsburgh, I used to hit up Wall Street at LEAST once a week. And of course I had to stop by Cantina and visit one of my favorite bartenders there (who has since moved to Michigan, funnily enough). I came to Cantina for the beers, sports, and people watching. Not for the food (it's ok at best) or the mixed drinks because it just isn't that kind of place. Shots and beer and football. I tended to avoid it during events on Wall St. because, as it is the first bar you hit upon entering from Orange Avenue, it becomes ridiculously crowded and is next to impossible to get a drink unless you know one of the bartenders working. When I worked and lived downtown I hit here frequently for Taco Tuesdays and their lunch time specials. As I mentioned, the food is not that great lol, but you can't beat paying $4.95 (or maybe $5.95?) for a cheeseburger and fries downtown! Plus, the outdoor seating was always nice. During the week or early on a Saturday when this place is pretty dead I liked to come by and just chillax (yes, chillax). That's how you get to know the bartenders so you can get the hook up come the weekend! ;)
Love the vibe of this place.  Grab a drink and sit outside.   Have to say.... The MOST DISGUSTING bathrooms I have seen in a long time.  They rival a gas station.  I went on a Sunday at noon.  They obviously had not been cleaned from the night before.  It was awful.  I walked to 7-11 a few blocks away to use their facilities instead.  Inexcusable.
Worst service experience I've had. I am a corporate trainer fir a major chain of restaurants and I've never been taken care of so poorly. The server barely recognized us and treated us like garbage. One of us wanted a burger no cheese and a quesidilla no peppers and they couldn't get that right. The manager didn't care and I have never felt so unwelcomed. Worst experience ever.
Two. Dollar. Tacos. That's $2 tacos. The delightful combination of a flour tortilla, shredded lettuce, tomato, cheese, sour cream, and beef. For two dollars per taco, every Tuesday night. Oh, and the Corona and Cuervo are two dollars too. Has a cool outdoor section. Attracts a young crowd. Live music was cool - a dude wearing a beanie and sporting a beard did an acoustic version of an early 2k Dre/Eminem collabo. Drawback - only the beef tacos are on special. With the recent news about pink slime, we needed some of the two-dollar Cuervo and Coronas to sway us in the direction of the potentially augmented beef. Was a fun time. I'd go back.
Can you say $3 margaritas? A girl friend and I wanted to try a new place for happy hour so we settled on Wall Street for a change of venue. The Cantina wasn't too crowded so we stopped in. The servers were all super friendly so we stayed for drinks. $3 margaritas ALL DAY! (some beer specials which I'm not sure of because that's not our drink of choice) and half price appetizers, for happy hour. Our server, Maddy, was incredibly attentive and friendly. We only had some apps and they were on par for bar food. The patio is cute. They also have trivia Wednesday nights which is fun. I'm tempted to go back and play, the prize is straight cash!
The Wall Street Cantina was absolutely wonderful. I had a flat iron steak, cooked perfectly (although a little small) and it came with yuca fries, which were phenomenal. My partner had the cantina burrito, which he seem to have loved, because he ate it all, and usually has such a small appetite. There was live music, a friendly atmosphere, and an actual squirrel came up to me (I was eating in the patio) and I fed him a yuca fry from my hand, which was the cherry on top, to my visit.
Yelp is nagging me to write a review of Wall Street Cantina. Wall Street itself is a little bit tacky and a little bit cool.  I visited the Cantina's sister restaurant WaiTiki a few weeks ago.  Cantina is similar in its easy-going way.  I dined alfresco, and there was quite a crowd accompanying. For the love of Mike, I don't remember what I ordered, but it was the type of grub that one would expect at a spot such as this.   Nice little vibe.  I'd probably Occupy Wall Street again.
Oh my, I have many fond memories in this place.  I specifically remember a drink called "pat's swift kick in the nuts".  I totally blame the cantina for the alcoholism of my youth.  ;) Live music, and a very large bar.  Its not hard to get a seat.  Burgers, chicken fingers, good things.  Friendly bartenders.
Fun cheap american Mexican; good greasy burritos, kinda trashy crowd, order a double if you get a margarita to get a real alcoholic beverage as opposed to a sugary imposter. I like it.  :)
I am actually the one that went with Chilli G. below to this establishment on that same occasion.  Everything he mentioned happened just like that!  Waitress was out in space somewhere. He didn't mention however, that upon entering the restaurant I almost tripped over a freaking pigeon in the middle of the floor.  Notice that here the nasty germ ridden pigeons apparently have Carte Blanche to come and go as they please, landing on a few tables as they go.  Seriously, that is filthy. Rice was waxy squeaky packaged grocery store tube stuff, nachos were underdone and burnt at the same time, fish tacos pretty much failed, and all for the price of 26 bucks (no alcohol). I would suggest going to the Tiki Lounge a few skips over, and getting those fish tacos, or as a few others have mentioned, Taco Bell is better than this was.   I can honestly say that I will not be back to this place, service was terrible, slow, food was just bad (even for Orlando), you eat it with birds, and it was expensive. Caveat Emptor!
The happy hour is really nothing special here. Taco Tuesday's is very overrated. Their tacos are tiny and I would honestly rather have taco bell's tacos for 99 cents than pay double for their dinky tacos. I ordered their nachos with chicken and it didn't taste great. Chips were oversalted and the chicken was rough and dry. I've had much better nachos pretty much anywhere else. If it weren't for the happy hour price, I would've sent it right back to the kitchen. The crowd was not impressive either. There were also bees flying all around the tables outside. I would not come back for taco Tuesday's.
Every one ends up here at some time while exploring the downtown nightlife scene. They have a rowdy and lively scene inside this bar. 3 stars for a drink at the bar. The food is mediocre and best avoided. If I was doing a food review it would be 2 stars, no doubt.
Worst food I've had in a long time. I ordered the lunch chicken chimichanga. It was over-cooked, and was not at all as it was described on the menu. It looked like someone else had chewed the chicken before they put it in the chimichanga. The menu described it as grilled. The restaurant also doesn't seem to have high expectations for cleanliness. The menus are dirty, as are the chairs and dining tables.
Great lunch spot in Downtown Orlando! Not the best Mexican food, but still good.  They offer other selections that are not Mexican style, like wraps, sandwiches; so if you go with a big group to lunch there, you can see find something you like even if you don't like Mexican food. It has become a weekly trip to Cantina on Fridays now with my work crew and I try to taste many different items, but always seem to get either the Chico's Chicken Wrap or the Border Tacos.  Wanna save money? Go to Wall Street Cantina on Tuesday's for Taco Tuesday. $2 coronas and $4.95 taco plate. At night it becomes more of a big crowd turning into a bar, so I would recommend going during the day to try the food or for happy hour, if you want to stay away from the crowds.
Over priced for what it is.  Food is mediocre.  Would rather go to other mexican options downtown and get more bang for buck.  The place exists to be more of a bar for the fratty/jersey shore crowd.  Admittedly, they do have some very nice and talented bartenders that can make up amazing drinks, but you do pay for them.  "Specials" not that great.  $3 house margarita was all mixer, $2 tacos on Tuesday may be the best deal, but they charge cover, to eat dinner.  Taco Tuesdays are a dime a dozen in this town, so $2 tacos $2 corona is just not special enough to make it a "HAVE" to go to place, unless you are looking to be seen/hookup.
This place is pretty good. I really like their burgers and the chimichanga. The tacos are a little small, so if you are not too hungry I go with an order of two tacos and a side of rice. I really like the chimichanga best, it's rich and filling. On a nice day it's great to sit outside and chill there.
First bar you see when walking into Wall Street. Went there during the week and was impressed with their happy hour. My husband and I got margaritas for $3.00. They weren't the best, but good enough for us. What was nice was their half off appetizers. I got a huge plate of nachos and the husband got the quesadillas. With the two drinks and food our bill was about $15.00. Not bad!
A fun little place with good food.  Great to stop in before a show at The Social, which is just up the street. It's been a while since I was there last, so I can't remember exactly what I ordered.  I do, however, remember that I was thoroughly satisfied with it and my friends were happy with their entrees as well. I was the only one who had a margarita, and it was delicious!
As a young female, it's not uncommon to get treated a certain way at restaurants and stores; the assumption that I don't have money, won't tip, and time would be wasted on me. That's the treatment I got when I showed up before my dad arrived and sat by myself for a few minutes. I can't really blame them though; all of the waitresses are scantily clad girls who know to pay more attention to old men. Blegh. Anyways, the food was really, really, really good. Also, once my dad met up with me, both of us received amazing service, go figure. I got the burrito special and my dad got the taco special (lunch special). It was cooked perfectly and I plan on going back soon.
I went to have a drink before the Tap N Run 4k.  Quick service  and a cold beer.
TACOS TACOS TACOS Stopped in for lunch on Taco Tuesday (which is practically a weekly holiday for me.) Food was pretty good and two of us ate for 13 bucks. You really can't go wrong there. I would love to see some more hot sauce selection at the table though (other than Tabasco.) The service was pretty good too once you got past the wait to get a table. I'll be back.
Prices are good.  Cleanliness needs to greatly improve.  Food was just okay.  Wouldn't eat there again unless I was drunk.
Great happy hour specials! Friendly bartenders. It was freezing cold (by Florida's standards) so there wasn't many people there or in the street for that matter, so we just relaxed at the bar enjoying the Corona specials and the chips and salsa. Would like to go back when it's warmer and enjoy the Wall Street vibe I've heard so much about.
I've been going to Cantina for a while now and it's become one of my favorite hang-outs. The light, open-air environment on the inside and the patio seating make this a very laid back place to relax and have a few brews. Make sure to come here on Tuesdays where all tacos, mexican beers, and tequila shots are $2 each. At the center of action packed Wall Street Plaza on Orange Ave., the Cantina always gets a little hectic at night on the weekends. One of the great parts about it is that Cantina is connected directly to One Eyed Jack's next door and the Loaded Hog. It's a bar hopper's dream. Tune in to their website (wallstplaza.net) to find out about weekly events and specials, especially Rumfest. The food at Cantina is pretty good. Mostly your standard mexican fare but the prep seems to be a bit above par in my opinion. My favorite is their Mexican Rice Bowl (rice, beans, cheese, spicy chicken, sour cream, guac, $7.95). Guaranteed to make your belly protrude a little more than usual. If you haven't been here, venture out, grab a seat, and make a few friends!
Been here a few times for lunch.  I really do not hold them highly as a great mexican restaurant.  However, they certainly serve a purpose and are a go-to for affordable queso/salsa, chips, quesadillas and happy hour drinks.  The atmosphere is relaxed, as it should be for a cantina.  I like to sit outside on Fridays for happy hour if the weather is nice.
BEST BURGER I'VE HAD IN YEARS!!! So how good were the burgers you ask? Well I called for the chef to come out of the kitchen. He was VERY confused and had that resigned look of "Oh joy, another bothered customer"/ Imagine his surprise when I not only raved about his food but then tipped him! Eric our bartender was pretty damned awesome too. This place was TOTALLY worth the money and capped off a great night.
Great for drinking margaritas and watching the world go by. Not so great food and pricey. Great atmosphere.
I gave this place 5 stars not so much because I love the food...in fact I've never eaten a full meal here, only chips and dips. I gave it 5 stars because of it's awesome "perfect people watching" location on Orange Ave. in downtown Orlando and because of the perfect outdoor vibe it offers. Wall Street Cantina makes fantastic and super delicious Margaritas and the chips (nicely warmed) with the queso and salsa dip are just what the Doctor ordered on a hot summer afternoon. So please understand the 5 star is true and based on two things: 1. The location for outdoor fun, casual drinks and salsa/chips can't be beat! 2. The margarita's and Mexican beer options are superb! If you are looking for outdoor, casual, Mexican themed fun on the always busy and amusing Orange Ave...hit this spot after work during the week or on Friday, the best day after work. Bathrooms were nice and clean.....service was pretty good and quick. Wear your jeans, shorts, Tee's, sun dresses....this one is super casual.
Wall Street Cantina is located in the popular Wall Street Plaza and doubles as a bar and restaurant.  I have many times enjoyed Cantina's drink specialties, but just recently was able to enjoy a few items off of their food menu.  The menu leans towards Mexican fare, with some burritos, chalupas, and some tacos which the menu brags to be the best in Orlando. While I didn't get to try those, I did have a beef chalupa which had a really tasty tangy red sauce covered in cheese and some saucy shredded beef.  It comes with some decent rice as well as guacamole.  All orders come with fresh chips and salsa, which is a favorite of mine.  I wouldn't recommend the Yucatan Greens salad, there was really nothing to this salad, basically just a lot of lettuce, some ill-seasoned chicken and marginal watered-down dressing.  The prices here are really great, and it is a great lunch spot on the weekends.
If you're bar-hopping in Downtown Orlando, you can't miss Wall Street Cantina...It's located right in the middle of all the action of Orange Ave. I feel the best time to go is during happy hour before the place gets super-packed with the rowdier drinking crowds. Happy hour features great drink specials, and 1/2 off appetizers! You can't go wrong with that! I need to go back for their infamous "Taco Tuesdays". There was a pretty good musician playing acoustic guitar when I was there. The service was decent. The Cantina is definitely worth a repeat visit.
Love to stop in on Taco Tuesdays! Chef Jean-Paul never disappoints! I love the atmosphere, the staff is super friendly to boot! Generally a vegetarian, I just can't help myself but to make an exception and get the chicken tacos when I go to the Cantina! I highly recommend stopping in any day of the week for great food and cocktails!
Food was incredibly dry and customer service was poor. Staff left doors open on a cold and very windy evening (7pm) and I actually heard a waitress say no when a customer asked doors to be closed. Our waitress was very dismissive and overall I felt service was not a priority.
This place is ok...its more like a hole in the wall if you ask me.  The chips are wayyyy too damn salty tho. Food was ok. NOthing to yell yippeee about but all in all it is do-able. This place is in the heart of downtown orlando and is very popular during cinco de mayo, 4th of July or any other holiday where young people love to get drunk! LOL  The best part to me is definitely the liquor. I had a black bean burger with a mango margarita and the drink was definitely more tasty than the burger ; ) lol
I went here for the infamous "taco tuesdays". I wasn't surprised (yet still disappointed) that you only got beef, cheese, and maybe a little lettuce on the tacos that were specials for that night. I went for the taco plate instead which was a little more money ( I think 7.95 ) but definitely worth it. It came with all the stuff I love on tacos (pico de gallo, sour cream, lettuce, tomatoes, salsa etc) and rice. The house margaritas are 2 dollars on tuesdays which was a definitely plus in my book. There were some beer specials too that I can't remember. All in all, it was a good experience. And although the waitress was rather swamped with all the people there, she still served us sufficiently.
I would highly suggest going here for Taco Tuesday. They have 2 dollar Coronas, 2 dollar tequila (its crap but its still tequila!),and 2 dollar tacos. The rest of the week its nice, but at night it gets crowded. People are all over bumping into you and just making it a mess.
Nice enough place in the heart if downtown Orlando. I went on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was nearly empty inside, with most of the people out on the street to enjoy the day. I had the "Border Tacos" and while they weren't outstanding, I didn't turn around and spit them out either. They were good enough to munch on and have a cold Dos Equis, while people watching the weekend crowd. I'm sure this place gets rocking during happy hour, as it seems like it would be a great spot to knock back a few after work.
This restaurant has a fun and cool atmosphere.   However that is where the positive comments have to end.    The plates for the nachos were dirty. ..there was even a hair on one.    The waitress handed the steak knife to my daughter with her hand on the blade.    I could even overlook this.    The food was mediocre.    The real issue is that we ordered the steak dinner.   The waitress never asked what side we wanted and we assumed the platter came with yucca and rice and beans as most platters would.   When the waitress brought the food it only had steak and yucca.   When I asked she responded that unless you specify you want rice and beans they automatically give yucca and then charged me $4.99 extra for a side order of beans and rice that tasted like it came from a box.   It wasn't even tasty, to say the least.    I know I won't be back here.
Food was delish. Sat outside to people watch, perfectly hidden off the main street. Beer was ice cold & waitress was friendly and great at her job. Loved the whole lunch. Kids we with us too and they enjoyed too.
How could I have forgotten about Wall Street? This place gets crazy packed on the weekend and during happy hour. But it is a nice quiet place to get a drink on the week nights. The food is somewhat forgettable, but its great when you had a few too many...ritas!
This place is great. Every weekend, this place gets pretty full. After about 10pm, they close down the street and all the bars on Wall Street are now available for one admission price. (Usually $10). During the day time, it's just another bar/restaurant. I went for dinner before a Magic game. I had the chicken tacos and chips and queso. The chicken tacos were delicious. They had a savory taste to them with what I believe was a southwest tex mex style of flavors. Overall, I would have to say the tacos are great. The chips and salsa were what you would expect for chips and salsa. Nothing too great to be wow'd about. The queso tasted like melted velveeta cheese. I was not too impressed with the queso. The drink prices vary, they had a few specials going on. The prices are decently prices, they're not too expensively priced. If you are looking for a decently priced "mexican" food in downtown, I would say to give this place a shot.
Wall Street Cantina is a fun place in the downtown area.  I cant say I've ever actually gone there intentionally, but it's a place I seem to have "wound up at" quite a few times.  I like the indoor/outdoor aspect of the place too, and it's right next to Slingawhores too, which has some advantages.
From California on a mini vacation we decided to stop at the first bar with music. We were greeted by the friendly and attentive waitress molly. Great mix of crowd and good music. Live music is good! Drink specials are pretty good as well as the wings and Does chips. Overall a good Friday night experience.
I'm not really a fan...taco Tuesday is a joke to me...the tacos are so whimpy and look worse than taco bell. If I want cheap tex-mex there are lots of other places around Orlando I'd rather go to.  Maybe the food tastes better when you're drunk?
Went there for lunch with my Godson after we saw The Dark Night Rises. The wings were very good, tasty and hot, you usually don't get both. The Black bean soup was amazing, big chunks of onion and sour cream. Zac had a burrito, it was huge and he seemed to enjoy it. The service was good too.
$2.50 Margarita specials 4 p.m to 7 p.m on weekdays do me justice.
I will be back next time I'm in Orlando! Absolutely delicious nachos. The guac was freshly made. Service was quick and friendly considering we were there for the Florida Music Festival. The restrooms on the other hand are disgusting.
4.5 great great happy hour.  1/2 priced apps, I reccomend the buffalo chicken tenders, a generous portion and damn good.  sit outside and watch the world go by.
Although I love the patio dining at Cantina, I recommend skipping the food.  I've ordered food a few times and it's never impressive; however, I do enjoy the extensive beer selection.  I also like that they have servers that bring you drinks, so you don't have to fight your way to the bar each time you want a drink.  Wall Street Cantina used to have this awesome game called Hook-It set up on the side of the building.  Basically, you try to get a ring that is attached to a string to hook on a hook that is bolted in the wall.  It sounds simple, but actually provides hours of entertainment, especially while drinking.  Last time I visited Cantina, Hook-It was gone, but maybe it has reappeared since my last visit because that game alone is a great reason to return to Wall Street!
I didn't too much care for the service. It was slow and just an OK place to hang out if you have nothing better to do.
The food here is gross.  Don't do it.  Just don't.
Tuesday is your best bet. Taco Tuesday is great. They have $2.00 hard or soft taco's, tequila shots and house margarita's. They also have live acoustic music that is usually awesome. It's a great place to start at when you have a long night of drinking ahead. It's located on Wall Street along with several other bars. It also connects to One Eyed Jacks (another bar with karaoke on Tuesday nights).
The first restaurant you encounter as you head down Wall Street, Cantina is a lively, fun place for good, quick food.  They have daily specials and are known for their libations as well.  Don't be surprised on the weekend to find more people drinking, dancing and having fun than eating a sit down dinner.  Cantina is a great spot for lunch if you happen to be down that way.  They provide you with chips and salsa, but do not solely serve Mexican if you aren't feeling like south of the border fare.
It's a great place to meet up with friends, enjoy some drinks & watch a game. Prices were a little high, but I think that's the case with most places downtown.
I kind of just use it as my walkway to get through to One-Eyed Jacks and out onto the street. It's not bad if you sit outside, but there isn't much indoor room. It's good that it's free to get in, but it's not very cool in my eyes. It is very packed on Tuesdays though.
I have been to the cantina a few times now, the most recent being the best visit so far! Great service which is unusual as they are always so busy.. The food is always good, great spot to visit for a night out. We managed to go on a night the magic were playing, if you go during the game, it's not crowded at all.  Great place!
Good tacos, fun atmosphere... And you can't go wrong with the margaritas
Went on vacation to Orlando with a few people and all the clubs and bars seemed to be super crowded with loud and super obnoxious people. We walked a few blocks down to look for a place to escape to and... Ta Da! Wall Street Cantina! We sat down for hours outside, played a few flip coin games to win free beers while they played awesome music. It was ultimately a wonderful night!
Sooo I'm kinda on the middle ground here but I'm giving it four stars because I visited on a Sunday, the bartender was sweet and my wings were very good. Not much of a crowd... but then again it was Sunday sooo can't really judge by that. Think they could have some more/better specials then I would definitely give them four stars.... and the wireless was kinda slow.
My new favorite spot for a drink and quick dinner after work.  Service is great, drinks are generous and the food is terrific.  Very relaxing to sit outside on the patio and people watch while sipping on flavored margarita.  Totally recommended for a casual reasonably priced dinner and a drink or two.
Can't miss it.  Why miss the opportunity to have a quick drink?
This is the worst place for Taco Tuesday anywhere!! Not enough seating, you have to pay to get in, and the tacos are far worse than Taco Bell!!
I just came back from lunch there with my co-workers.  Never again - it took the server 20 mins to take our drink order.  And then 50 mins went by and we still didn't have our food.  Seriously?  On a Friday when they should expect good lunch crowds that only have an hour for lunch.  We had to ask for our bill and to go boxes.  A manager walked by and I told her how disappointed we were that we couldn't eat our food and she just replied "Ok" and walked away.  Nice customer service lady - NOT!!
Need to step up service. As a bar manager downtown it was upsetting 1st we were moved from our original table, which was fine cause of a 10 top, but waited 10 minutes to be greeted, drinks went dry while multiple servers walked by with out even a glance. The foid took over 30 minutes to recieve. Ultimately horrible service on Friday the 28th around 1:30 pm lunch time
This place is great for food or drinks. Or even dancing on the weekends. I have ate here several times and have never been disappointed. They have standard Mexican fare but it always comes out mouth wateringly good. Plus Cantina has a fun atmosphere that makes you want to through your own little fiesta at your table. My favorite thing about this south of the border joint would most definitley be the margarita's. Yum! They come in huge glasses and are just the right consistency. I get the te-kill-ya-rita. Yup, the strongest one, but not too strong that you make a face upon sipping on it. Perfect. One problem that is easily avoided is the fact they don't put salt on your glass unless you ask. To me a margarita without salt is like a day without sunshine, but I've learned my lesson and always request salt these days. During the late weekend hours this place gets packed! Its part of Wall St. and spills over into One Eyed Jacks so its always wall to wall people. They even play some hot tunes so a make shift dance floor starts up toward the end of the night. I prefer this place when its not packed so don't make it there late that often, but it really is a fun place anytime to fit all your needs foodwise and beverage wise.
