I became aware of the Bar Method thanks to a deal from Living Social.  I had never heard of the Bar Method before, but the Living Social deal put it  on my radar with its "three-classes-for-$25" promotion.  Upon doing a little research, I discovered that the Bar Method was a combination of ballet/pilates/small exercises, etc.  Why not try it? I thought.  It couldn't hurt, could it? Oh yes, it could.  A great deal, in fact. The workout you get at this place is different from what you'll get at the average gym.  When you walk into the studio and see the ballet barre, the mirror, the selection of not-especially-heavy weights, you might think: this is going to be easy.  Allow me to disabuse you of that notion.  It is not going to be easy.  It is going to be very hard, and it is going to be a workout that you will actually enjoy. Classes at the Rye Brook location are mixed-level classes (read: anyone can join), and they are challenging, stopping just short of impossible.  They only get more difficult on subsequent visits.  The instructors are great, and they know everyone's name; even if it's your first visit to the studio, they will have your name down before you've been in class for five minutes.  They are positive and good at providing appropriate feedback and correction. I've been going here on and off for a while, and I have only encountered one snarky instructor, and she no longer works there. The studio space itself is clean, as are the bathrooms (only two stalls here).  There are lockers available for storing personal items during class as well. Minor caveats: classes here are not cheap.  The Rye Brook location charges $25 per class; therefore, if you operate on an average income, you're probably not going to be able to go to class here three times a week, as the Bar Method website recommends for maximum results.  Although I must say, are those defined calf muscles I'm starting to see on my legs?  And after only a class here and a class there? My goodness! The Bar Method Rye Brook does offer class packages but these aren't cheap either, and a "VIP membership," will cost you $200 a month.  Just in case you forget that you are in Westchester County, the Bar Method Rye Brook will remind you with its clientele, who will be working out in their Bar Method socks and Lululemon gear while you slave away in your decidedly un-chic yoga pants.  Ignore them and keep going.   Your legs (and everything else) will thank you for it.
I am very active and was looking to expand my fitness horizons so I tried The Bar Method. The workout is pretty good; it definitely hit muscles I normally don't use. The format of the class is easy to follow and the exercises are always being tweaked to avoid boredom/repetition. They don't offer a "beginners" class to learn the basic positions, so if you're new and not familiar with the program, be prepared to receive multiple corrections during the hour by the instructor who wears a microphone, so everyone can hear her loud and clear when she calls out your name. Some people may like this type of hands-on teaching (literally, they will put their hands on you to correct your positioning), but I find it very uncomfortable. I can think of about a thousand things I'd rather do than stare at myself in a mirror for an hour while being repeatedly corrected because I'm doing it "wrong". In fairness, they'll also compliment you if your form is good. I found nothing relaxing about Bar Method; the other members aren't particularly friendly and there's no sense of communal support. If you have any body image issues (and who doesn't?), Bar Method will not solve them and could make them worse (that includes all you narcissists who can't get enough of yourselves!). Overall it was just a bit too much for me and gave me more stress that enjoyment, so I'm moving on. Nice facility, friendly staff. The online interface works pretty well; the only real issue with it is that if you're on the waiting list for a class, a space may open up last minute, making it hard to plan your day. If you have physical issues that limit your workout options (joint pain, etc.), then definitely check out Bar Method. Just don't look in the mirror.
Awful user interface. Rude front office. The studio is impossible to find for a first timer due to lack of signs on or anywhere near the building. I arrived 10 minutes late due to major construction nearby and no instructions on the website for a detour. When I finally did find the studio, the front office would not provide any consideration for the lack of directions or signs indicating the location of the business. I would not recommend this studio, especially to first timers. They are just plain rude and nasty.
I have been going to the Rye Brook Bar Method for over 4 years.  Bar Method is an incredibly effective work out that continues to challenge me.  It has transformed my body - leaner legs, higher tighter booty and tones arms.  I have tried all different types of work out and this is by far the most effective.  The instructors at Rye Brook are great - there is no slacking off in class which is something I really like.  If you want to stay anonymous and do your own thing, this is not your class.  This location is difficult to find, so be sure to give yourself extra time your first time.  There is plenty of parking.
Easy to register and pay for classes, user friendly web page while front desk staff isnt very friendly. I also got lost  looking for the studio, signs are very vague. The class might as well be in the bushes. Classes are repetitive and sometimes too crowded. The other members arent friendly either as there is no diversity in this area, if you get my drift. I switched to a bootcamp in Scarsdale and got better results faster in addition to paying less than I did for this boring class.
I've tried three Lotte Berke studios this year, and Bar Method is the least expensive, has the biggest studio,  and probably most convenient location/parking situation. I also like how you can purchase classes online and see a totally updated class schedule all the time. I've only been to one class here but I will definitely return.
I'm obsessed with The Bar Method!  Such a great workout, amazing instructors, super friendly staff, and plenty of classes.  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!
