I love your pie. My first visit to your pie was with a YELP event. I have been back several times and always bring new friends to introduce them to this amazing concept. The staff is always friendly and helpful and the ingredients are always fresh and plentiful. I love that all the veggies can be added at no additional cost and I also LOVE the different type of sauce bases. Pesto is one of my favorites! They are the perfect size and good to go in just a few minutes. Looking for something sweet? Can't forget about the gelato, it is just amazing!
I'd almost give it 4 stars because of their gelato, and I might go again just for that. This is a counter-service restaurant like Subway: you choose ingredients and they make an individual pizza in front of you. You pay and they say it will be ready in about 5 minutes. They brought my pizza to the table when it was ready. The setting is decent for a counter-service restaurant, but it's a bit loud. They have beer and wine. I got my favorite pizza, and the connoisseur's choice, sausage and mushroom. It was just pleasant, thought the Italian sausage was good. I'd be tempted to order double of every ingredient next time to see if it improved it. My favorite thing here was the gelato. I asked a staffer which her favorite flavors were and she said chocolate and coconut, so I got those. They were both a cut above, maybe two cuts above. (Another review says they will let you try the different flavors to see which ones you like; you can get a combo that includes a pizza, a drink, and a gelato.) I spent $14.65 for a pizza, soda, and large gelato (not ordering the combo, which might have saved me some money). This seems like a decent place, but not someplace I'd make a point of going back to... unless I wanted some gelato for dessert.
I love eating "Your Pie." As I'm sitting at my office, I know that Your Pie is only a few hundred hards away and I can't get it off my mind. Sinking my mouth into that perfectly warm slice of heaven. I could eat Your Pie all day. I could go on all day but now I'm hot and bothered. Your Pie has been around Atlanta for years, but I'm glad to see it here in Jax now. Your pie makes little 10" pizzas that can be customized to your liking. They have all manner of meats, cheeses and fresh veggies to dress your pie in. You can also choose from a menu of pre-designed pies for about 7-8 bucks. My favorite is their version of the classic white pizza. It's called the great white, and you will thank me later. They also serve salads in bread bowls for about 7 bucks. You can do romaine or spinach, and can choose from the same basic topping as the pizza. The salads are a little small but the bread is filling. I'd stick with the pizza. If you are already carbing down on a breadbowl, might as well go for the real deal and get a pizza. The breadsticks are also tasty. They are the size of a normal pizza, loaded down with mozzarella for a whopping $3.75. They have a few beers on tap, as well as a half dozen or so bottles of wine. A smattering of TVs on the wall are usually tuned into ESPN. Not a bad way to spend $10 if you are in the neighborhood. Say hello to Your Pie for me.
My friends and I love this place! Great pizza, lots of toppings and several different dough choices. You can order one of their prix fixe menu pizzas or create your own. My mom's favorite is The Hippie pizza, I on the other hand always create my own. This is one of those "food fast" places where you order and your food comes out to the table when its ready. You can stay as long as you want or eat quick and go. They also have one of those soda machines that allow you to create the type of soda you want with different flavors (Fire House Subs has this as well) and my husband loves this machine.
There are very rare times when a restraunt deserves a perfect rating... I believe this is one of those times. When I went there I did not have high expectations, but this place exceeded all of them by far! I got the Thai pie and it was fantastic, fesh, and flavorful! my dad got the Nat, which I thought was fantastic, but he said it was too cheesy (but he still loved it). Great prices, and cool menu choices. I would recommend place this to anyone! Plz go there!
This place is so great! Besides having a delicious concept, they are also committed to their community. Every time I go there, something's going on. Whether it be a fundraiser for an organization or a running group meeting for a run, it's evident that Your Pie cares about jax and the people in it. My favorite pizza is the mat with red peppers added. It's the gourmet pizza you expect without the price! I need to muster up some courage to try the southern heat. I heard it's to die for! Their salads are good too, the caprese salad served in a bread bowl is the way to go!
I am in love with Your Pie!  I think they've actually won me over from Mellow Mushroom!   I love the whole "design your own pizza" concept.  Like others have said, it's like the pizza version of subway...  only much, much better!  Choose your own crust (wheat or white), your own sauce, your own cheese, and your own toppings.  Let me tell you, there are toppings galore!  All the veggie toppings you want are free and there's just a $1 charge for each additional meat.   One of these days, I may create my own concoction, but I can't seem to get away from their BBQ Chicken pizza.  I have them take away the onions and have them add some pineapple to that bad boy and it is pure perfection!  It comes to you piping hot and the cheese is all nice and stringy!  It's so hot, I always have to wait a few minutes before I can pick a piece of it up without burning myself... so be careful! Customer service here is awesome.  Smiles from everyone, the managers are great and always come around to ask how everything is, and I really feel they just go above and beyond to make sure your food is everything you expect and you feel welcome. Clean restaurant, clean restrooms, and clean outdoor area.  Yes, they have a very nice outdoor area where you can enjoy your meal.  They also have the Coca-Cola Freestyle Machine...  Bonus!  I love those things. They also serve beer, but I don't drink beer, so I can't really tell you what they do and don't have.  I can only tell you they have it here.  They also have a happy hour which is BOGO. The gelato is amazing!  I tried about 5 different flavours and loved them all, but in the end I got a mixture of coconut and blood orange.  The coconut was perfection...  it even had little pieces of actual coconut in it.  I had never tried blood orange before (thank you, Tess, for suggesting this one), and I found I love it.  They have a combo deal where you can add a drink and a gelato onto your pizza order.  I highly recommend this.  They give you a little token so you can come back and get your gelato when you finish your pizza.  Really, you MUST try the gelato! When I'm in the Tinseltown area, I'll be hitting Your Pie as often as I can!
I have had Your Pie bookmarked for a long time now and I am pretty happy I stopped by. I was a little confused when I walked in but I figured it out quickly. You place your order and move down the line choosing whatever toppings you are craving. Kinda like how Subway has their restaurants set up.  There are a lot of toppings to choose from, I had to restrain myself a bit. If your pizza is kinda weird it might just be your fault for going crazy with the toppings.  I ordered my version of a Hawaiian with pineapple,ham,ricotta,mozzarella,green peppers and onions.   On to taste: the crust was pretty good and not too thin,also had a little crisp. The sauce (which you can also customize) compliments the crust and toppings very well it it is very flavorful and I could taste it specifically.  I must say Your Pie has made it into my top 5 for pizza eats so far in Jacksonville. I would go back. This is PIZZA YOUR WAY.
Pleasantly surprised! The gelato definitely was a plus. I liked my pizza and I had a whole wheat crust. I really didn't think that the whole wheat tasted any differently than a regular crust would have. I had marinara, shredded mozzarella, green peppers, corn, onions, and pineapple and I enjoyed it. I liked that I could add whatever with no second guessing and no extra charges (premium meats have a charge but I didn't get those). I didn't feel disgusting when I left either. I'm really glad I finally tried it and I'll be going back soon, I'm sure! Oh... And I had cookies and cream gelato, not bad!
Amazing concept. While all of the ingredients are the fresh wholesome that you expect, the sauces and dough is what makes this a winner. Believe the hype, this place is great! One of the most wonderful things about this place is that they are willing to accommodate allergies. When you ask for a gluten free pizza crust they confirm if it is for preference or for allergy and they ensure you watch them clean the board prior to moving in through the process so you are not exposed to anything that could affect your allergies. A fresh pair of gloves and a dedicated chef will make your allergy free meal so that you know for a fact you are safe. They even mark the menu the items that contain gluten ingredients so you can make healthy decisions.
A friend and I stopped in for dinner last week and we were both very happy with our decisions (her review is under Daisy S)! I had eaten at the Your Pie on Fleming Island but had yet to eat here. The staff was very friendly and the food was fantastic! They even had a few items that the FI store did not have (at least not last time I was there) like shrimp, which made an interesting addition to my pizza. We also had gelato and the blood orange was fantastic (I suspect, based on taste and the flavors that they get their gelato from the same distributor that Peterbrooke does). They have a nice selection of beers as well as a Coke freestyle machine. IMO, this location is a bit on the small side (maybe just because I've been to the FI location) but they do have some outside seating, too. A great place when you're with people who all have different tastes.
Pizza, beer, AND free WiFi?? I think I found my new 'office'. I had read good things about the Fleming Island location and was pleased and saddened when this location opened up. Pleased because it gave me a lunch option to meet old colleagues. Saddened because I didn't work in the office building across the street anymore. All is well - got to meet a new colleague for some happy hour beers & eats. Naomi B. described it right when she said they have TOPPINGS. And you can pile on as many veggie toppings as you want. I went with basil, cilantro, garlic, spinach, peppers (green & roasted red), onions (red & white); I think that's it. Lot's of green on this 10' pie. Added in some pepperoni for some meat and went with the Ranchy Marinara with shredded mozz on the base. I don't know who came up with Ranchy Marinara, but it's delicious. The pie goes into a piping hot oven and is brought to your table in mere minutes. Good crisp crust, just the right amount of pizza grease (every good slice has some) and tons of flavor. Another place I could go multiple days in a row and always walk away having enjoyed a different meal. Staff was super friendly & laid back as we built our masterpieces. They've definitely got a good thing going on. It's nice to see business starting to fill this little strip; it's just too bad I'm not in the office anymore to enjoy the goodies on a more regular basis.
This is a really neat place, you get to have a custom pizza built your way. I had a pizza and side salad. The pizza was very good, the salad was unexciting. The person assembling my pizza kept forgetting what things were and was difficult to understand. Other than that it was quite enjoyable.
I'm so glad I finally had the chance to swing by Your Pie! This cute little place is tucked into the new little building, just down from Tapestry Park, where the Aloft and Starbucks are located. So, yup, as everyone mentioned, this really is "Your Pie". You pick from 10" pizza, bread bowl or Panini, and add the sauces and toppings that you want! (Adam said while standing at the counter, "I feel like I'm at the Pizza version of Subway." Hehe! I opted for a pesto sauce, tomato, onion, spinach, mozz, black olive, sausage and artichoke combo and it was delicious! Perfect crust, obviously everything I wanted on it, and 10" was the perfect size.... not too much, not too little. (Well, after a few craft beers at happy hour. And HEY! They have craft beer! Not a huge selection, one local selection, but solid picks!) The gelato looks super yummy as well, but next time sweets.  The perfect little lunch or dinner spot to please those with different pizza pie tastes.
If you build it they will come. The options here are only limited by your imagination. With toppings like cranberries, 3 choices of olives and 2 options for jalapeños to name a few. We were first timers finding the staff was glad to explain all of the options and pricing.  After they let us have at it to create anything we liked. The staff was friendly and welcoming. Come with some cash as you aren't able to leave a tip if you pay with your card and you will find the staff will be deserving of one. The pizza came out with in 5-7 minutes cooked to perfection.  The middle was a little soft but overall no complaints. Lastly make sure to check here on yelp as I got $2 of the already great priced draft.
Really good value with lots of fresh and tasty toppings.  My 3 year old loved this place and actually ate her meal.  This is a family-friendly joints. The whole wheat crust was great.  The gluten free was surprisingly good right out of the oven, but got chewy and weird later (and they charge extra for gf, but at least they offer it).   I enjoyed a pesto and red sauce pie with spinach, baby bella shrooms, red onion, mozzarella, feta, and roasted red pepper.   The pizza is thin crust.  Served about five to ten mins from order depending on dough selected. They have fun toppings like corn and cilantro available.
This custom pizza place seems to get better with every visit for me. I like the thin crust pizza there with the local craft beers on tap. The variety of fresh toppings is very cool and playing with their arrangement makes for a wide range of tastes. Add a 1/2 star for the exceptional service and the friendly kitchen workers there as they  appear to treat every pizza and serving as if they were making it for a visiting chef or celebrity.
Good thin crust pizza designed exactly the way you order it. My son calls it the "Moe's of pizza" because you choose your items as you go down the serving row. I prefer the Lineage sans sausage, although I have had combinations I really like, the problem is I can never remember my previous combination. Nice and clean and reasonably priced.
Best fresh made to order pizza ever!! Getting to pick all the ingredients you like and want..makes the pizza even that much better.
I swear, my mom is gonna straight up ADORE this place. All I'll have to say is "Mom, they have a wheat crust available and all the veggie toppings you want are FREE." And when I say toppings, I mean TOPPINGS. Not just green peppers, onions, and olives, Yeeps. Try artichoke hearts, cranberries, pecans, banana peppers, spinach...you name it. Pick your poison or choose a specialty pizza from the "Our Favorites" menu. This location has TVs everywhere, which was cool, because my step-dad and I enjoyed catching up on all the good football highlights that we missed during the week. They also have very nice patio seating outside, which will be nice when the humidity around here gets below 100%. Good selection of local brews both bottled and on tap are available as well, so that's a definite plus! My Creation...a.k.a. My Preciousssss: Bacon (of course), spinach, fresh mozzarella cheese with ranchy marinara sauce on white crust. Stepdad's Pick: Regular pepperoni pizza with shredded mozzarella and marinara If you're like me and can't resist the urge to dip your pizza slices into a pool of cool ranch dressing every chance you get, then the "Ranchy Marinara" sauce is the way to go. I also enjoyed the thin style of crust, as it wasn't the least bit greasy and had a nice crunch to it. I wish they would have been just a liiiiiiiiiiiiittle more generous with the spinach and bacon, but maybe that's my fault for being picky and not piling on more toppings. However all in all, it was a great tasting pizza and I wouldn't mind coming back to try one of their specialties! Stepdad's opinion of his pizza was basically on par with mine....he wanted ample slices of pepperoni as opposed to the scattered few that he got, but he gave the thumbs up on the overall quality, taste, and texture. In Closing: I noticed on their website that they have a nutritional calculator (waves to fellow Yeep Amy S.) under the "Your Menu" tab for those that are on specialized diets, etc. There is also a "Healthy Choices" tab that explains what makes their pizza quality and ingredients stand apart from the rest. These are both awesome and informative features! Thank you for a great lunch, Your Pie, and by the way,  the service was also wonderful, so keep up the great work and I'll be back!
I am giving this place 4 solid stars because: - They serve LOCAL craft beer - They have happy hour on ALL their beer - They serve gelato and sorbet - They have a mini bar with a TV - They have TVs everywhere so you won't miss your favorite game - You can design your own personal pizza for a reasonable price - The pizza is actually pretty good, but not NY good (yes, I'm now a pizza snob ever since I tried Lombardi's pizza in NY) - Customer service was excellent and all the staff were friendly I've only been here once, but I'm hoping to bump this place up to a 5 after my next couple of visits :)
Got to take a sneak peek of the new Your Pie in Tapestry Park, right off of Southside Boulevard, and it is delicious. The spot is smaller than the Fleming Island location but the pizza is just as tasty and fast (5 minute brick oven pizza that's fully customizable down to the cheese and dough and not greasy = winning). While I love nearby Mellow Mushroom, Your Pie is a much more viable lunch option -- you and your co-workers can easily get in and out in far under an hour unlike the 'shroom. Start with your choice of dough (wheat, white or gluten-free) then choose from several cheeses (they range from vegan cheese to fresh mozzarella to the old standbys), sauce, and toppings. If you're uninspired there are several to choose from on the menu, or be creative and concoct your own creation. I love that all the veggies are free so you can have them pile them on without jacking up the price like most pizza spots. There are plenty of customizable paninis and salads as well, and gelato in numerous flavors. I love that Your Pie ties in a craft beer element -- local brew Intuition Ale Works is on tap, and Terrapin's (out of Georgia) Hopsecutioner, and others. Pizza + beer = yes, please. Bonus: if you can't eat all your pizza it holds up really well (no mushy/sogginess) if you get it to-go -- I had my leftovers for lunch today and they were still crisp.
Option of wheat dough? Yes please! Ever since we came back from our Italian honeymoon we have been searching for some good pizza. I've only found Picasso's pizzeria & Your Pie to be good and up to the standards of good pizza compared to Italy. Its very clean and presentable inside,  prices are real cheap, and food tastes good. You can choose from a pie, panini, or salad bowl. They also have gelato but we didn't try them...once again, Italy spoiled us. Plus, all Italian gelato joints (Rome to Amalfi areas) have Hazelnut flavor and Your Pie didn't so we didn't try the Gelato. I KNOW, sounds too snotty of us hahaha. Location of Your Pie is hidden by the Tapestry Park & Aloft area in southside so you literally would have to drive in or have knowb about the location by word of mouth or yelp. Service is great and Nick was very nice. Looks like I found my fav whole wheat pizza joint! No need to hop on a plane to Italy lol
Gelato! They have gelato here and their gelato is spectacular! Their pies are also good, but the gelato is what keeps me coming back. The coconut gelato is outrageous and it's the best I've had in my whole entire life! I usually get a pint of the coconut one to go and enjoy a small cup of another flavor there.
Actually not a bad pizza joint was a little skeptical since that last custom sushi place didnt make it but everyone loves pizza more I guess..  Everything's custom and the pie was definitely tasty and different from your fatty usual delivery 3.   Atmosphere was decent and service ok real simple place I'll come back next time I have no idea what to eat
I really like the concept of getting Your own pie. Food was good and fast.
Typically when a new place opens up in Jax, I give it a few months before I will try it. Usually the crowds are too much for me and I like to give them time to work the kinks out. Well we were looking for somewhere to eat and I though about Your Pie. At the time, they had only been open for 2 days, but we figured that we would do a drive by and see how busy they looked. The parking lot looked ok so we went in. For starters, we really liked the concept. You choose your crust, then your toppings, and it only takes 5 minutes to cook! Awesome! I got wheat crust, hot sauce (which was mild/medium), reduced fat mozzarella, and chicken. They even gave me some ranch to dip it in! Yum! My husband got white crust, fresh mozzarella (which was sliced mozzarella!) ranchy marinara, basil, red onion, black olives, and meatballs. He loved it so much that he has already told me that he will be having lunch without me on the days that he is off of work! The best part about the meal...you can get a combo with a drink and a gelato! They will even let you try the different flavors to see which one you like! I got chocolate and Ivan got pistachio. It was really good and very low cal, so we didn't feel all that guilty about it! Verdict: Loved it!! We really liked that you can design your own pizza and it took literally 5 minutes to cook. The prices were good, the portions were filling, and the service was great. They also have a nice beer selection and a generous happy hour (2 for 1 all day on Sunday!) I know this is going to be one of our regular weekly places!
I can't say enough good things about this place. The toppings are fresh and delicious. Unlimited veggies for no extra charge! I never wait long for my food, and I love that it's made fresh, right in front of you. The gelato is a MUST.
The Your Pie franchises (in Fleming Island and here near Tinsletown) serve excellent pizza in a casual environment.  I have had both regular and whole-wheat pizzas cooked exactly as I like (crisp with extra black bubbles around the edges).  These are my favorite thin crust pizzas so far on the Southside; on the other side of the river I prefer Pele's Wood Fire pizza, as I find their pizza dough to be just a little bit tastier than at Your Pie.  I have enjoyed good service at the counter during both my visits.  Also, I like that Your Pie supports local craft beers with some nice choices on tap (they also have periodic craft beer tastings!)   Your Pie is an outstanding value for tasty (though not out-of-this-world) pizza!
I love the fact that you can choose can basically build your own pizza, bowl, or panini here, and that they even have gluten free, and wheat options for your pizza crusts  and sandwiches, not to mention all of the variety of toppings and sauces you can choose from, or you can always go with one of their suggested options if you don't feel like choosing your own. They also offer up a variety of gelatos here as well as beers and my favorite the coca cola freestyle machine that offers over 100+ coca cola beverage options.
Soooo yummy. Your pie makes customizable pizza with lots of options for cheese, sauce, and toppings. I'm a sucker for the pesto or sundried tomato sauce and the fresh mozzarella, which aren't usually options at most pizza places. They also have vegan cheese and tons of veggies for you vegan pizza-lovers! Overall, this place is great and I would definitely recommend it!
Wonderful place where it creative juices can get flowing!! Any kinda pizza you want can be made here. This place is the best!! Don't forget about the gelato!!
Being new to the area have been looking for a good pizza place. After searching yelp I found your pie. Stopped in today for lunch to check it out. Was a little confused at first then the girl explained how it worked. After a min i decided on a pie. They make everything right in front of you and have a huge selection of toppings.  After there all done they slide it into the brink oven and just a couple mins later your hot pie is at your table. All the ingredients were very good.. crust was very good and pie size was perfect with having a little left over.. they also serve sandwiches and salads all looked really good.. will definitely be back to try out some other stuff.
The guys did everything right including "killing me with kindness and a smile". I was "hangry" and was annoyed with the couple in front of me who didn't know what to put on their pizza. C'mon its a pizza!! Be creative and be quick about it!! The quys thanked me for waiting but again "hangry". My two pizzas were made quickly and expertly. Overall taste, not bad. Actually quite good! Got the pizzas to go and has I dashed out the door I heard a sincere "have a good night sir" which made me feel like the jerk I was. One suggestion, you just need to add one more person to your staff of three. Other then that, I'll be back with a better attitude for great pizza!
Just finished the JRC 3.14 mile run at Your Pie and had an awesome hippie pizza and beer. I eat here every Tue and have always had great service and great food. The $2 Tue special is perfect for doubling up on the Gelato!
Pretty straight forward pizza. We got a 10" cheese, and once it was slightly less than the temperature of straight-from-the-volcano lava, we enjoyed it! I'm looking forward to going back and trying some if their toppings... They have lots and lots of toppings. Crust is thin, cheese is fresh, and the marinara is just enough with a good tomato base flavor.
One of the best gluten free pizzas I've had in Jacksonville atmosphere laid back. Customer service excellent.  We will be back. Pizza your way. Like subway.
Think of it as a chipotle for pizza! You walk in and either choose a specialty set menu pizza or do what I did and created my own pizza. They start off by asking if you want white or wheat, choice of sauce which they have about 12 ranging from pesto basil to the classic marinara. Then comes cheese( have to get fresh mozzarella). You then get unlimited choices of veggies(too many to name) and finally you can add meat if you want for 1$ more. Cooking time 5 minutes In 500 degree clay oven. At the end about 10 mins from building to cooking and only 8$ out of pocket for a delicious 10 inch pizza
I attended a folio meeting of Bite Club  last night and it was good. Caron did a fabulous job putting on this event. Your Pie also did very well. The food was great with a sampling of 8 of their most popular pizzas. Now the concept is pretty cool and the list of topping is quite vast. From crust (3) types to sauces (8) and different cheeses(9). The best part was the 15 feet of toppings you can choose from. They have everything from dried cranberries to sun dried tomatoes to the normal stuff. They even had some maybe not so good for you but mighty tasty gelati and a smores pizza. I do have to give Caron and Mike a big shout out for doing such and great job and hope to see you at the next one.
Fresh great crust. Ingredients are fresh pizza comes out hot and crispy.  Great price I will be back here soon.
Gotta  give Naomi a shout out for recommending this great little pizza place.  I ordered a gluten free white crust pepperoni, mushroom and onion 10'' personal thin crust pizza. The pizza was fantastic with some of the freshest ingredients in just about any pizza place in town. My only complaint was, while really good the crust wasn't as crisp as I like. Just a minor complaint that I will address the next time I go there and see if they can leave it in the oven just a little longer.
I was provided great directions by the cutie-pie cashier who told me that she commutes from McClenney...that's a long way to drive to work,  but I'm glad she's here. Friendly staff, instant kudos! Your Pie is a nice little spot and the pizza is yummy. It's tucked away in yuppieville, near Starbucks and several other eateries,  and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  I actually prefer it to M-Shroom. It's got a nice patio if you want to chill outside and plenty of breathable room inside.  Also. .. the restroom is clean (yes, it matters). Good service,  cool feel and cheap eats,  what more do you want?
Tried this place while staying at Hotel Indigo this past weekend. Loved it! Good, fresh pizza with plenty of toppings to choose from. You customize your own 10 inch pizza and wait less than 8 minutes to eat your creation. Personable, friendly staff adds to the appeal of this place. I was confused when I was told they could not accept tips. Not sure how they're compensated, so we left a surprise on the green car of one of You Pie's employees. Tee hee. We travel to Jville at least twice a month. We'll be eating at Your Pie at least twice a month.
The pizza was fresh and bonus points for the possibilities of true gluten free where they make it in back, away from the flour. The pizzas are 10" and ok for most unless you're hungry. The ingredients were fresh and better than some of the other competitor chains like the pizza cucinova. However, it lacks compared to the standards like Tony's. A good chain overall from first impressions and I'm not surprised they have 19 already. The craft beer helps too.
Really good pizza, especially when you choose your own toppings! The dough was very good and there are a ton of fresh ingredients to choose from. I had the fresh mozzarella with basil, traditional marinara, and olives. Amazing! My sister had the gluten-free crust and they were prompt in asking if she had an allergy so that they could prepare the pizza on a separate special section! Very impressed with how quickly the line moved and the staff was super nice. Will definitely come back to try the paninis and the gelato counter.
Love this place. I was there the first day! Great pizza all the topping you can think of!
Kids and I are loving pizza here. We'll be a regular here from now on. Leslie is so awesome. She's so nice.
Good food if you can figure out what they offer and watch it as it moves through the line. *paranoid.*
Loved this place. Impressed right off the bat with the staff enthusiasm as they explained the fun concept and menu recommendations. Food was awesome (custom pizza and pesto turkey panini) and delivered fresh to the table in a remarkably short time. Our "waiter" asked us if we needed anything and brought extra plates. When it was time to leave, we left all the mess on the table (no place to dispose of it ourselves) and left a tip. As we were leaving the girl that bussed the table returned the tip graciously, telling us they don't need tips. Another staff member told us that the best thing we could do in appreciation was come back again! Really top notch people at this place, and awesome food too. If you like those fountain drink machines that dispense lots of options and flavorings, this place has it! Also enough exotic ingredients to make something creative and healthy with wheat or gluten free crust and Free veggie toppings.
They have great pizza. It's a really great concept. All the veggies are free. So, pile them on;) The staff is always friendly and the prices are very reasonable. I live right around the corner. I hope they don't end up making me fat.
This place is well worth the trip. Fresh, hot customized pizza with fresh topping ..... can't be beat.
Stopped by this place for happy hour on Wednesday. It was packed! Despite the line, they were able to get food out quickly. I got the Southern Heat pizza and my friend got the Nat pizza- both were great. The southern heat has a house made hot sauce, mozzarella, fresh jalepenos, red onions and grilled chicken with ranch on the side. It was so good! Your choice of white or wheat pizza with GF options. Two for one beer and wine during happy hour. Perfect neighborhood pizza spot. Owner checked on us several times even though it was crazy busy. We will be back!
What an awesome pizza place where you can customize your own personal pizza! They have so many choices from dough to meat and veggie toppings. The owner is wonderful! Great food
This place was perfect for a quick bite of comfort food. Chipotle style ordering and was a little worried when I realized they bake to order but I got a caprese salad as an app that tasted very fresh. Lots of style pizza to choose from or make your own toppings. Especially liked the wheat dough option. Seems more of a lunch place but was easy to get in at dinner. All in all a surprisingly good experience.
Great food and service. Nice variety of food.
A very fun concept. Plenty of variety, quick, and quite good. Can't wait to try more flavors. Didn't love the wheat panini bread but the pizza crust is very good. The kids meal is huge with the entree, drink, and gelato. Our 2 yr old son gorged himself on a huge serving of vanilla gelato and was upset that daddy tried to help eat it. :)
custom 10 inch pizzas. very yummy and attentive staff.  Lots of options and quick and inexpensive for lunch.
Your Pie, a chain based in Athens, Ga., has opened its second Jacksonville location, this one in Tapestry Park on the Southside. The ordering process should be old hat to anyone who has ever eaten at a Subway, and customizable options include dough (including gluten free for an additional charge), sauce, cheese, vegetables (unlimited) and meats ($1 each). The pizza dough is stretched and tossed before your eyes and slides into a large brick oven to bake. Pies are ready for consumption in under five minutes and start at $6.95 for a 10-inch pizza. Paninis and bread bowl salads are available at the same base price, making it a great option for a quick lunch. A lunch visit with coworkers provided the opportunity to hear a range of opinions on the pies, and all were positive. I found the pizza quality closer to the crowd-pleasing Mellow Mushroom than, say, upscale fare like Pele's Wood Fire, which was not unexpected at this price point. I was the lone orderer of a specialty pie, The Nat on wheat (fresh basil pesto sauce, mozzarella, feta, grilled chicken, spinach, and sun-dried tomatoes, $8.95). I liked that the crust was somewhat thin but crisp and substantial enough to not collapse beneath the toppings. Another thumbs up was earned when it didn't become soggy as I munched my way through the lunch hour. My coworkers' orders ran the gamut of Your Pie's offerings, from a 50/50 pesto/olive oil base and chipotle pesto sauce ("has a kick, but not overly spicy"), to a good portion of the vegetable options (all described as "very fresh"). We all thought the 10-inch pizza was the perfect size for a filling lunch and didn't even require a side (though side salads, cheese sticks and chips are available starting at $1.35). Although a side was not required, that didn't mean I could pass on trying Your Pie's gelato selection ($2.75 for a small, $3.75 as a combo). This brought the only disappointment of the meal. I sampled the pistachio and found it more sugary than nutty, and decided to go with a salted caramel/tiramisu blend. Both flavors were decent, but were nowhere near the creamy texture and intense flavor of a truly good gelato. Coworkers sampled the fruit sorbets and offered similar critiques. As the restaurant is newly opened, it was sparsely populated during our meal. I'm interested to see how they will handle a true lunch crush, as patrons deliberating over pizza toppings could back the line up. The personal pizzas at Your Pie are a clear draw for families, and a bonus for parents: a craft beer and wine menu, 2-for-1 during happy hour (weekdays 3-7 p.m. and all day Sunday). *This review also appeared in The Florida Times-Union* Check out my reviews at first-bite.com!
Good food and service. Lots of fresh toppings. Recommend the gelato combo.
Got the caprese salad in the pizza bowl! It was delicious. My vegan friend was also pleased because they offer vegan pizzas!
Excellent....what else can I say?
Tried this place recently for the first time and LOVED it!  We were there mid day on a Tuesday and as it was the first time we'd been there; the employees patiently explained how to to order.  My son and I each got a pie, and we even took another to go. He made one from scratch, and I had one of the recommended combinations.  For the one we took home I asked an employee to make me his favorite; and I went home with a spicy combination of pepper, jalapenos and bacon that was quite tasty.  (I always enjoy blind recommendations from employees when trying out a new place.)   Endless combinations, super fresh ingredients, friendly staff and super fast.  We will be returning soon!
