I love this Place! Awesome Food, Great Service!! I highly recommend Derby on Park! I have never had a bad experience here....As good as it gets! Ask for Tiffany...she is an awesome server: Very friendly and knows how to take care of you!
Patio casual. Staff is great. Shrimp n grits ok-smaller shrimp than ive had elsewhere and chewy and grits very heavy and fried. Fried green tomatoes were good Burger good. Nothing amazaballs-just good.
Immediately seated on Saturday evening?!? What?! Service was down-to-earth and welcoming. We tried the fried greed tomatoes, nachos for apps and for entrees we had the meatloaf and stuffed pork chop special. It's a lot of food right? The serving portions are not small either, their pretty hefty but my wife and I both licked out plates clean! My only complaint is the dining room is a little dark. I had to steal the candle from another table to illuminate the menu so I can read it. I'm definitely returning for, and probably opt for a table outside, for the livelier atmosphere and better lighting.
I had breakfast here.  It was reasonably priced, thoroughly prepared, and quick.  Very nice waitress to boot.
Save your money! Small menu. Over priced. Bad food. On the plus side my bloody Mary had bacon in it.
Visited Derby at noon on a Sunday (prime brunch time) and was seated almost immediately.  Patio and sidewalk seating was very nice, especially for the Fall time of year.  I had the Oak Street Toast which is their version of French toast, and it was amazing!  It's made on ciabatta bread and comes out so warm and fluffy yet has a crispy crust as well.  Probably top 3 french toast I've ever had, ever.  Wait staff was very pleasant and attentive.  Also, it's in Riverside so the hippest part of Jacksonville.
Came here for lunch, craving a hearty Cobb-type salad. I was not disappointed. I forget the actual name of the salad, but I got it with fried chicken on top. The fried chicken was delicious! Very crispy, and not too salty. The portion was extremely generous. My husband got the fried chicken sandwich, and it tasted as good as it sounds. I was very impressed with the overall quality of the food. At first glance, Derby looks like a run down diner, but the food is quite modern, fresh and tasty. Highly recommend!
I am new to the area and looking for quality food and excellent service. I found both here. Jessica and Jarod were so welcoming and made the experience more enjoyable. The food was the upmost of quality and freshness. I would recommend to anyone looking for a relaxing atmosphere, good food and a freshly mixed drink. The desert was exceptional as well. They have very large portions and tastes like they're made daily. Don't leave without a piece of the carrot cake.
Wow. Kurt was an awesome server and the food was great. Buttermilk fried chicken breast was enough to send me to heaven a happy man. We walked three miles to get there and three miles back. Thinking of going back tomorrow! Prices are very reasonable and the outdoor dining in November is perfect.
I'm guessing this is the epicenter of Five Points. Derby on Park is in a great location, great for people watching. If you go on Wednesday, all wine is half price. I had $3 champagne myself. I also had the grilled green tomato caprese. It was excellent! Ask for Tiffany if you come, down-to-earth and efficient.
Come here all the time. Half bottles of wine on Wednesdays you can't beat and the salmon stir fry is amazing! Also if you have room the fried green tomatoes are to die for.
Very rarely do I so enjoy a place that makes me want to move into the neighborhood so I can be REALLY close by but this place does! Let's talk about the service...incredible thanks to Tiffany.  You know you're in for a good experience when your server pays attention to what you like and tailors their suggestions.  She was spot on with the cocktail and with the food as well. Let's talk about the food...delicious, fresh, perfect portions and excellent prices!  I was lucky enough to try a bite of each person at the tables order.  I ordered the Grilled Green Tomato Caprese and it was much more than I expected.  Absolutely yummy!  Luckily I was able to try a bit of the Derby Steak Burger (cooked to perfection and the BEST flavored patty I have tasted in a long time) the Van Fletcher Reuben (perfect blend of cb & pastrami) and the Portabella & Swiss Burger .  Everything was so spot on that I inquired about the brunch and dinner menu.  I am so excited to go back and work my way thru the menu~next time on the patio with a try of another one of their specialty drinks.  So good that we are thinking about having our anniversary dinner party on the patio in August. More raving reviews I'm sure are to follow!
The food is good but the service is ok.  The hostess and some of the wait staff need attitude adjustments (although our two servers were actually pretty nice, it was the other servers not at our table that were rude).  You are not doing me a favor by allowing my party of 7 to eat breakfast at your place two days in a row.  Sorry that it inconveniences you my grandmother is in a wheelchair.   With that being said the food is really good.  Both breakfast and lunch items are DELISH.  Since everyone at the table ordered something different we were all able to try it.  I really can't think of anything I wouldn't recommend other than the coffee.  The coffee is terrible, very watered down.  My sangria was ok, the bloody mary was also ok, nothing special.  But the food is good.  I can't say I'll come back just because of the hassle to be seated both times.
Good old fashioned nosh in the heart of Jacksonville! Great place to eat either al fresco on the patio, or in the classic coffee shop interior with the U-Shape bar in the center.  Delicious food from a tiny kitchen and a great craft beer selection are always a plus!  We were lucky enough to get Tiffany who (after reading other reviews) was exactly as advertised and more: friendly, efficient and a Yelp-ers BFF!
Sitting outside on the patio is the best! If like to try the back of the patio with the fireplace at some point. I've been here for dinner and it was okay but what they are really excellent at is brunch. Fried green tomatoes and eggs, incredible shrimp and grits. I can't wait to try the sweeter brunch options. Full bar too!
Fried footlong hot dog on a stick...who could ask for anything more, plus their burgers are great too....and big....and messy just like they should be. Service is top notch.
Seriously, one of the best burgers I've ever had! For anyone who treats ordering one as a treat, this is the place to splurge.  A house mixture of brisket and sirloin and short rib!!  Whatever you add to it, it will definitely satisfy your craving for a long time to follow.  Outside patio is very pleasant, and there was no waiting at lunchtime.  Will return!
I think I've severely underestimated the goodness that is Derby on Park.  We've tried it once prior to moving to town and for some unreason we never ventured back. Fast forward months later, met some friends for dinner and was blown away by the deliciousness that was my meal.  Started with the chicken nachos which are really chicken spinach dip over nachos...flavor was good and the portion size is huge. That night, I had the pork chop  special...Ohmy I wish it was served everyday.  It was plated with mashed potatoes and collard greens.  I literally ate every.single.bite. Happy to say we've been back a few times and think this might be one of our go to spots.  Helps that the prices don't break the bank either!
Another restaurant in my favorite part of town. Note to everyone: don't eat on the patio in the summer. The humidity was up but that didn't put a damper on our meal. I started with the Berry-Blue Lemonade cocktail, only because I love flavored lemonade. It could have been a little sweeter though. Next was The Tuck & Roll, which is basically a veggie lasagna roll-up. I needed some protein so I added grilled shrimp to it. The sauce was a little bland and thin and it could have used more salt, but I refrained from adding any. More salt is bad for you anyway, right? Moving on to the dessert, our waiter said that the dessert "lady" didn't come by today so all they had were "leftovers". I had the key lime cheesecake...yum, that's all. I might go back for brunch.
Derby on park is Da Bomb...their Patio area is so big and they have a VIP section that is really VIP!  Food is awesome "Roast beef Sandwich" is awesome! Wraps are fresh and big.  The waiters are awesome!  The restrooms are clean. Only thing for me I wish the beers were served in Frosty Mugs.....that would make Derby on Park "PERFECT" I will be back for sure!
First time here. We had the guacamole with blue cheese and bacon appetizer, outstanding!  I then had the Reuben sandwich and I was full from the first half, but I had to eat all of it. My wife had the ham and cheese, also good. Tiffany gave us great service, as well as accommodating our two year old. All in all we had a great first experience and we will be back.
I have to say that I was a tad bit disappointed in the food that Derby on Park had to offer. I don't know why but I just expected more. We went there for a rehearsal dinner on Friday and first they wouldn't seat us until half of our 26 person party was there, ok understandable, but once we had enough people for them to finally seat us we found out that they didn't have a table big enough for us so half of us ended up at one long table while the other half ended up at another. Why even make us wait if we're not all sitting together? Our server was pretty good considering how many of us there were...he was taking care of both tables. I ordered the Turkey and feta Sandwich with a side of pasta salad. While my sandwich tasted okay, I was disappointed that it didn't have any of the avocado aioli on it like the menu description said and I couldn't even taste the feta because it was covered with provolone. My husband ordered the Redfish BLT with fries and it was just so-so. And my brother in law ordered a burger well done but it was pretty much raw on the inside so he didn't even finish it. What really made the night was the people we were with, but other than that Derby on Park missed the mark and I don't think we'll be back any time soon.
So I had been to the building where Derby on Park is housed a few years ago.  I was expecting Derby on Park to be a diner because of this (the last place was a diner).  Boy, was I wrong! First of all, they have a great late night happy hour and I went for the $4 house wine deal.  Very tasty wine, especially for a house special.  We also ordered the Fried Goat Cheese Brucshetta as an appetizer - it was really really good.  When we ran out bruschetta, the server was very happy to bring more to the table. Onto the main dish:  I went for the Reuben at the recommendation of our servers.  Others at the table ordered burgers, a salad, and the meatloaf.  Everyone was very pleased with their food. The service was pretty darn good, too!  The waitress was very nice and had a strong knowledge of the menu.  Great spot in a great location.
This was the first time that we have topped here after driving by for years.  This place has the feel of an up east diner with a darker, evening vibe.  The food, while themed down the diner path, has a fairly gourmet flair.  We started with the fried goat cheese appetizer.  It came out nice and hot with a delicious tomato/pepper garnish that really boosted the flavor.  The goat chees had a mild, savory flavor and spread nicely on the toasted pita. For dinner we had the fish and chips and the meatloaf.  The fish had two huge battered pieces of redfish on a bed of fries and a side of slaw.  Did I mention that the filets were huge?   Barely made it through one piece!  The fries were cooked to perfection and the slaw pleasantly creamy and sweet.  The meatloaf was out of this world.  It was topped with a white cheese and a smoky barbecue sauce.  The flavor made my jaw drop.  It was served with garlic mashed potatoes and slaw.  The potatoes were creamy and flavored well. I think that the summary statement to describe the experience is WOW!   We'll definately make our way back here.
Derby on Park is definitely a go to again restaurant. Lunch could not be any better. The host and the server we're very nice and informative about the menu We had the goat cheese bruchetta and chicken panini...wonderful. Can't wait to come back.
For now 3 stars until I get another chance to visit this place then I'll adjust accordingly. Came in here while waiting for a table to clear up at Hawkers. Nice little hidden place. Slightly upscale, prices are a bit inflated on drinks, but have not tried the food yet. They do have live music, which in my opinion, is fun to listen but I wish they would turn the music down so that you can be social with people without going deaf. I'll be back at some point.
I first heard about Derby on Park when it seemed a group of my Facebook friends were posting about being there multiple times a week.  Cue a dinner invitation with a friend after a meeting and Derby it was!  My first visit I had the turkey & feta sandwich with fries.  Both were really good, the fries are obviously fresh cut and amazing.   The second visit was a group meeting on the patio.  My dining companion and I split the corndog and Waldorf salad.  As a self appointed corndog connieseur, this one was so flipping good! The dog itself is nicely seasoned and about a foot long.  The batter is seasoned corn meal and deep fried until a delicious golden brown.  It is just begging for some gourmet mustard (hint hint, Derby!).  The Waldorf salad is apples, grapes, and nuts in a light dressing served in a bed of lettuce,  It was light, fresheshing, and balanced the richness of  the fried food. Another dinner meeting led me to fried chicken.  I wasn't intending to drink, but when I saw a glass of frosty deliciousness delivered to another table, I asked and was told it was the Derby Peach.  My glass of champagne, peach schnapps, and crushed ice was delivered promptly and I enjoyed every slurp.  By the way - the lounge is really comfy.  I was the first one there for the meeting (always happens) so I chilled in the lounge while our table was set up.  I could have stayed right there with a drink all night. My most recent visit was lunch with co-workers.  A stressful day led to bad but oh so good eating.   We split the chili dog and onion rings.  It's funny - when the food is good the table gets quiet because everyone is too busy eating!   I've come to really enjoy Derby on Park and look forward to trying more menu items soon.
Met a friend for a last minute lunch this week and we decided to hit up Derby. It was around 11:30 am, and there were plenty of tables available. Now this is only my second visit to Derby, and both times have been for lunch. I do want to head that way for brunch soon... as I've had good friends recommend it. The first trip I ordered the steak bites and salmon BLT. The steak bites are awesome! Seasoned just enough without being too overpowering, and the bites were tender with a little bit of pink in the middle. Now I would prefer them rare, but if sharing this was a compromise I am willing to make. :) I remember the BLT being pretty good, but I can't remember a whole lot else if that tells you anything. This week, since it's been so oppressingly hot, I wanted to eat light. I asked what their best salad was... our server told me probably the Derby, but then pointed to the Waldorf on the menu...not sure if he really knew, but he was nice and attentive, so that's OK. Went with the Derby Cobb and added some grilled shrimp on top. The salad bowl was a good size, came loaded with boiled eggs, crumbled bacon, seemed to be fresh spring mix and warm bacon dressing. I was not a fan of the shrimp... it just tasted a bit off. Everything else was pretty good... but did not blow me away. My friend enjoyed her turkey feta sandwich, said the turkey had good flavor, the provolone and feta mixed well without being overwhelming. What I do love about this place, is that there is a ton of outdoor seating. To keep it from being too hot, that have a huge fan on the patio (a little noisy but not too distracting) and a nice long bar as well. They were actually offering a discount to "sit" at the bar... which would have taken them up on, if I didn't have my laptop to finish up a few tasks before my friend arrived. Also new here from my first visit.... they added tables out on the sidewalk and I noticed a little doggie water bowl... I asked the hostess and she confirmed those tables are pup friendly. (Yay, adding to the list.) Overall it was good, or A-OK... and will still return to try this magical brunch and will bring my pup.
Went to the Derby for the first time yesterday with a friend. The steak bites were fantastic, the staff was knowledgable  and the service was quick. Really enjoyed the live music outside. I will definitely be making a return visit.
I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review but I love Derby on Park. I can eat here anytime of day. I most recently visited Derby for brunch on Sunday and I am still daydreaming about their Cristo Crab Benedict with a yummy side cafe potatoes. The portions are big and well worth the price.
3.5 starts. Have eaten dinner and lunch here once and both experiences were good. Nothing makes me want to rush back but I wouldn't be opposed to returning either. Pros: great location, the huge outdoor covered patio/bar area, the gravy/hand-cut fries, flatbreads, burgers (esp. the bacon/blue cheese/balsamic lettuce burger!) Cons: service is slow, not a lot of overly healthy menu items
An amazing lunch/brunch can be found here.  This place always kicks it out of the Park.  Everyone that works there obviously loves there job.  From the Hostess, to the waitstaff to the owners, all so friendly.  Makes for an excellent meal.  Today was no different. Bronson was our waiter, he was always smiling, always attentive.  Love, love. Their special, a Turkey/Goat Cheese/Peppers and Onions Croissant was OFF THE CHARTS.  My husband ordered this and was only willing to share ONE bite with me, it was that good.  Whatever, to the hubby.  It came with a side of fresh fruit and a side of either 'taters or grits.  Yum on the seasoned Potatoes. .   I was in a 'health food' sorta way, silly me, so I went with the Derby Salad.  Another off the charts!!  Their Bacon Vinaigrette Dressing was spot on.  It was so good, I asked for a second helping.  I could have had it with a straw and been content.  Oh and fair warning, the salad? ... it's HUGE, be prepared to share the salad, or take half to go.   LOVE this place.  The Desserts are also awesome, you may not have enough room after eating there but definitely take something to go.  We did.
We keep on trying to like this but it always falls short. It is nearly impossible to eat healthy here and when you try to alter a , Menu item the wait staff trembles with reluctance and the kitchen does not heed their requests most of the time. We try and try but the same failures and pitfalls continue here and sad to say we have tried for the last time No regular juice offerings at Sunday brunch? America cheese in an omelette really? No fresh veggies to put in an omelet ? Just carb and fat laden items that would bring a cardiologist to tears. So unless this place gets a radical new menu this is the last time we will dine here
Stopped in town for a short visit, and we were so glad they we decided to come to this restaurant because it is awesome!!  Went there on a Sunday, and it was semi packed due to the brunch, but we were shown to the bar and seated in 15 minutes.  We had a few berry bleu lemonades, and they are great!  We had the steak burgers for lunch, and they were delicious!  They were huge, so they definitely filled us up.  The french fries had a homemade taste to them, which was great.  Got great service from the hostess, bartender, and waitress!!
Our waitress was the best!!!! I didn't get her name but it was 12/21/13. I wish I had ordered the burger but the shrimp and grits were fine. Grits were done in a cake type crust so probably it was just a different way of preparation. HIGH MARKS to the young woman who was A+
Our 4th time here had to brag....Best brunch on this side of town!! portioned just right and their french toast WOW so freaking good. they call it oak toast awesomely tasty. They have a seating lounge area were you can seat and have a bloody or else while you wait. so far killer service and food, my kind of place for breakfast have to come back for dinner....
Great for Sunday brunch! I got the Brioche french toast and my friend got the biscuits and gravy and we shared both. It was way more food than either of us could handle. The bill was about $30 (we each got a large orange juice at $2.25 apiece, I believe), so it wasn't too bad. I would definitely go back.
I have eaten here for years but never thought about writing a review so today is the day.  Nine of us ventured out into the heat for a early dinner.  My big mistake making reservations  on the patio.  Very sauna like even though fans were spinning away.  Once everyone was settled  we got down to the business of food. Fish and Chips reported to be tasty crisp batter and flakey fish cooked perfectly, The Tuck and Roll a nice mix of veggies rolled and baked with mozzarella and house marinara.   My friend added shrimp and proclaimed the dish extrodanary. Two others selected the Shrimp & Pancetta Mac& Cheese.  This is one of my go to dishes, rich and creamy chocked full of shrimp and large pieces of pancetta.  Smoked Chicken & Black Bean nicely presented crisp greens and a healthy portion of chicken.  The special hamburger with smoked blue cheese,  bacon lettuce and tomatoes, comes with the house fries but I choose slaw.  Cooked exactly as requested it would  have been tastier with more blue cheese.  The portion was very skimpy and  lost with the lettuce and tomato. The prices are right, portions large.  On the down side those wanting dessert were informed there was  minimal selection.  He should hav stopped there.  Me I'm thinking busy day and every one is ordering these wonderful sweets.  Nope dessert chef was a no show now I'm thinking day old  dessert.  There were a few takers  Key Lime cheesecake, Chocolate torte  and Chocolate cake.  Every last morsel was devoured . Our waiter Mike kept all the balls in the air for our table drinks, extra sauce, more drinks, he was there.  Certainly a good choice for a reasonable price and ample portions
Been twice now and was impressed by everything I ate and saw others eat (and enjoy). DOB has a friendly, "neighborhoody" feel. Great brunch menu heavy on the Southern charm (and calories). Among the best scratch-made burgers I've ever had. Really exceptional. Definitely worth a try. You'll be back!
Tonight was my 3rd trip to this restaurant.  It was a last minute change for my meetup group.  And I am glad we went here instead. FIrst, there is a tasty drink they make called the Derby Cup - get it.  Its a bit of gin, lemon, cucumber and ginger beer.  It is going to be a tasty cool down alcoholic beverage when spring FINALLY gets here. Second, I am a sucker for goat cheese.  If it has goat cheese on it or in it, I want it.  Goat cheese (and bacon) make everything better.  So when I saw they had fried goat cheese on the menu, I knew I must eat this.  It wasn't quiet what I expected.  It was called a bruschetta but I don't feel it matches what a bruschetta should be.  It was like a fried patty of goat cheese that you could spread on warm pita bread and it was SOOO GOOD. My friend got the steak bites and I immediately regretted my dinner choice when I tasted her steak bites.  Very simple - just pieces of steak sautéed up with some sauce but the simplest things are always the best. Not that my 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich wasn't delightful, because it was, but I must go back for the steak bites soon. I didn't really care for the tomato soup though.  Reminded me of a bad vegetable soup. Now, if you have ever been to the French Pastry, you know of their wedding cake.  And my friends and I thought that Derby had ordered a wedding cake for their dessert rack.  Nope.  They made their own.  And while it isn't FP, it is a VERY VERY close equal for 1/2 the cost. The only thing that made my visit tonight not 5 stars but 4 was the waitress.  It wasn't that she was awful or bad... but there was something amiss with her.  Maybe her helpfulness didn't come out the right way, or maybe she was just a bit spacey, but she didn't seem to be on her A game. But in the end, I am looking forward to my return trip.
I love this place!!  It is my new favorite restaurant in Jax!!  I had to try the corn dog because it was on their menu and who doesn't love an awesome corn dog?  I was disappointed in it but I'm eager to go back and try something else.  If you are waiver between the corn dog and a different dish - choose the other one.  We had the fried goat cheese and bruschetta for an appetizer and it was awesome - perfect flavors!!  I loved the outdoor patio with live music too, it was a great time!
Shrimp and grits is a must try! My bf had the portabella mushroom n Swiss burger which was also amazing! You can't go wrong ordering either :) we both enjoyed an extra spicey Bloody Mary which was awesome! Just one had me steppin to another beat! Love this place!  I will be back again and again and again!
My medium well burger was burnt like charcoal.  However, staff was friendly, atmosphere and music was good, and all was tasty.  Just make sure to only order your burger medium. :)
Been twice now and was impressed by everything I ate and saw others eat (and enjoy). DOB has a friendly, "neighborhoody" feel. Great brunch menu heavy on the Southern charm (and calories). Among the best scratch-made burgers I've ever had. Really exceptional. Definitely worth a try. You'll be back!
Tonight was my 3rd trip to this restaurant.  It was a last minute change for my meetup group.  And I am glad we went here instead. FIrst, there is a tasty drink they make called the Derby Cup - get it.  Its a bit of gin, lemon, cucumber and ginger beer.  It is going to be a tasty cool down alcoholic beverage when spring FINALLY gets here. Second, I am a sucker for goat cheese.  If it has goat cheese on it or in it, I want it.  Goat cheese (and bacon) make everything better.  So when I saw they had fried goat cheese on the menu, I knew I must eat this.  It wasn't quiet what I expected.  It was called a bruschetta but I don't feel it matches what a bruschetta should be.  It was like a fried patty of goat cheese that you could spread on warm pita bread and it was SOOO GOOD. My friend got the steak bites and I immediately regretted my dinner choice when I tasted her steak bites.  Very simple - just pieces of steak sautéed up with some sauce but the simplest things are always the best. Not that my 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich wasn't delightful, because it was, but I must go back for the steak bites soon. I didn't really care for the tomato soup though.  Reminded me of a bad vegetable soup. Now, if you have ever been to the French Pastry, you know of their wedding cake.  And my friends and I thought that Derby had ordered a wedding cake for their dessert rack.  Nope.  They made their own.  And while it isn't FP, it is a VERY VERY close equal for 1/2 the cost. The only thing that made my visit tonight not 5 stars but 4 was the waitress.  It wasn't that she was awful or bad... but there was something amiss with her.  Maybe her helpfulness didn't come out the right way, or maybe she was just a bit spacey, but she didn't seem to be on her A game. But in the end, I am looking forward to my return trip.
New to Jacksonville and I just adore this street. Originally from texas, this street says Austin hipster all over it. We sat at the street seating with 62 degree weather and the sun shining. Being it our first Jax brunch experience, we had to get mimosa's- they are definitely fresh squeezed! This place is great and I would definitely recommend it for a Sunday morning brunch spot!
Derby on Park is an awesome new/old restaurant, and a welcome addition to the historic 5 Points neighborhood. Situated on the bustling center corner of the area, Derby on Park has been remodeled from the historic Derby House breakfast spot into a swanky three-meal restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. We showed up around 9:15 pm on a Friday night and asked to be seated on their patio. With a separate full bar, a cozy lounge area, and a festive Christmas tree, the patio was definitely the perfect pick. After perusing the tap selection I went with a Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan, which is a DELICIOUS Mississippi-brewed beer that I rarely see in Jacksonville. As soon as I opened the menu I was impressed by the selection. From reubens to burgers to flatbreads to pasta, there was surely something for everyone. I was in a burger mood (the kind that can ONLY be satisfied by gorging myself on a melty all-beef patty) and went with the Portobello Swiss Burger. I ordered the lettuce, tomato, onion, and avocado aoli on the side though because I usually like this burger with just juicy mushrooms and cheese. It came out looking huge and tasty with a whole portobello cap on top of a sizable hot pink patty. I dug in and was pleased to note that it tasted at good as it looked. It did have a slight char taste that I don't usually prefer in my burgers, but all in all, it did the trick. Everyone at the table seemed to be pleased with their meals. The service was good, but not great. A few requested items were forgotten and we sensed a slight attitude a couple times for no apparent reason. But as someone who waited tables for years, it takes a lot to annoy me service-wise, so this was pretty much a decent experience. Overall the food was more of a 3.5-star affair, but we loved the atmosphere on the back patio, so the entire experience was bumped up a little. I'll definitely be back!
This place has the makings of a great riverside spot, for a good dinner or for a quick snack or simply just drinks. However, if you are not a meat eater or a fried food only kinda person this isn't going to be for you. Yet another riverside eatery that has nothing for veggies, forget it if you are vegan! Anything that appears to be veg. friendly they have thrown bacon on it or in it and anything else that doesn't contain meat is fried.... seriously they even fried the GOAT CHEESE on the bruchetta, which isn't even bruchetta, its pieces of flat bread around two fried goat cheese rounds topped with chopped tomatoes. It seems the meat-eaters in this town love this place but seriously... don't they have enough restaurants that cater to them cant we just get some veggie/vegan friendly options in this neighborhood? ever? Over all - good atmosphere, good service and good drinks.... now if only there was something I could eat!
This place is amazing! We went in on a Saturday for a late dinner- had the portobello appetizer that was on special- I wish I could remember exactly what it was, but damn it was good! Then had the shrimp and grits. Also, amazingly delicious. Followed by a huge slice of carrot cake. Yum! Our server, Kristie, was the sweetest and refilled my water glass at least 10 times bc I was drinking it so fast. She was also quick, efficient and knowledgeable! The ambience in here is really cool, and the outdoor seating area/bar is awesome! Live music that night too! Definitely will be back!
Don't let my three star review keep you away, this is defintely, as defined by Yelp, "A-Ok." I came for lunch and had a burger. It wasn't bad. Our service was okay, nothing really memorable in a good way or a bad way. The back patio is fun and great for outdoor dining. The rest of the menu looked like a good "something-for-everyone" (except maybe vegetarians) place and had some good hangover meals, too. I don't think this is most fantastic meal or experience you can find in Riverside but it's definitely not a bad one. It's worth a try if you live in the 'hood.
This rating barely squeaked by with 2 stars... It started out with 1, but the friendliness of the waitress & the deliciousness of my french toast changed it from "Eek!" to "Meh"... My first visit occurred a couple of months ago. I wasn't blown away enough to commit what I had to eat to memory, and I didn't plan to make an effort to go back, when there are several other places to eat in the area that I enjoyed more. However, a friend raved enough about the french toast there, that I decided to give it a second shot. I am a vegetarian. There is a brunch menu item called "Post and Toast", which includes meat, but can be ordered as meatless for $2 less, great. But the menu item that I came for, the french toast ("Oak Street Toast") comes with bacon or sausage. I asked the waitress if it was the same deal, where it costs less for the meal to be meatless, or if there was anything I could substitute that was not meat. She said no, my only option was to get it without meat. I know that the price of meat was considered in their pricing... I certainly don't appreciate being forced to pay a price that includes meat which I am not getting, and that no substitute is offered for vegetarians. The french toast was absolutely fluffy and delicious, and my boyfriend enjoyed his fish & grits. The waitress was friendly and frequently refilled our water, there was no wait for a table, the atmosphere outside was very nice, and everything came out hot and in a reasonable amount of time. With everything that was right about my experience, it makes me a little sad that I don't feel inclined to give this place a better rating. I am surprised that in a neighborhood such as Riverside, they are not more eager to make vegetarians feel welcome. If I ever do find myself back here someday, and they've decided to be vegetarian friendly, I will change my rating, to at least 4 stars. Some sort of meat substitute or discount for meat-free entrees is not too much to ask for.
Afyer bringing my perfectly mixed Arnold Palmer, I ordered the Steak Bits appetizer, so tender and perfectly seasoned accompanied with a bit of sliced tomato. Cooked medium rare so they were still juicy with s bit of pink inside. Perfect! My next course (I rewursted theu be served simultaneously) was the Waldorf Stack Salad, a generous serving of julienned Granny Smith apples over lettuce with a beautiful gorgonzola ranch dressing. It was not however that thick heavy ranch but rather a very light creamy vinegrette loaded with the Italian bleu cheese. A par Ty of flavors in my mouth. After all that no room for dessert, but they all looked delicious. (I examined the dessert case...) The service is so very friendly no matter how busy the restaurant gets...and it was
I enjoyed my first Derby at Park experience. Our waitress was polite and very attentive. She took the time to explain the specials to us "twice". The decor is contemporary and very inviting. A nice fresh look to Riverside. Ladies: THE BATHROOM IS IMMACULATE. CLEAN! CLEAN! CLEAN! My husband & I came on our lunch break. Our food was hot and fresh when it arrived on the table: Deep fried tuna over a spring mix w/ wasabi sauce...hubby had shrimp and grits (shrimps, tomatoes, and mushrooms topped the grit cakes). A very diverse menu & pricey...YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. We paid for quality and this place met our expectatons. I wanted to try something new and I was impressed with their menu selections and friendly staff.
It's Saturday morning and I expected a wait. Wow. Where was everyone. River Run I'm guessing. First visit to the new Derby and it was very good. Service was just fine. I had the simple bisquits & gravy. Gravy was really good with plenty of sausage. Biscuits were good too, though not as soft and fluffy as I like, but hey, they are covered with gravy.  The Lady got the green eggs & ham benedict. She proclaimed it to be deliciousness. I had a taste and it was good, and it was quite a lot of food.  The outside area is very nice and I'll definitively be back soon.
My first experience here was delicious! The wait staff took good care of my girlfriend and I and the food was perfectly cooked. I had the wings special and she the beer cheese soup. The wings were perfectly seasoned and her soup was tasty. The second time, I came for brunch. I had the roast beef sandwich. The au jour that came with was the icing on the cake. Derby is a great place that offers inside or outside dining and is a joy to eat at.
Some good brunch choices!  The portobello mushroom burger is incredible, but messy.  Their fries are freshly made and not to be missed, either.  The shrimp and grits are top-notch, with the grits being a fried cake. Excellent food and service here!
Just eaten there once thus far and I very much enjoyed the shrimp and grits. Cocktails were well made and the service quite nice.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! You really get your money's worth. Ordered a blue cheese burger and Mac and cheese with shrimp and Gouda plus 2 signature (GREAT) martinis for under $40!!! Must go!! And friendly staff!
I'm a visitor of Jacksonville, and discovered this place while walking around riverside. I was very impressed! I had the Au Poivre burger and it was excellent and cooked the way I ordered it! My serve though I didn't get her name, was very attentive and super sweet! I will be coming back on my next visit to jacksonville.
Delicious vegan portabello mushroom burger with avacado aioli and crispy fries!! Delightful first experience
The food was great! Although the service wasn't that great, took forever to even have anyone take our drink order (barely anyone there besides us) & I had to keep reminding the older gentleman who was serving us, for my water... That was a little frustrating. We'll still go back though.
I've driven by DoP consistently for the past several months and have thought to myself, "self, you should probably give this place a try". Turns out I was right (not that that's surprising). M'trusty lady friend and I decided to stop in for my favorite of all meals: Saturday breakfast. The location itself is so lovely, at one of the 5 points of...5 points. There is a large patio area as well as ample seating inside. The patio is covered enough that most weather wouldn't deter anyone from sitting outside, as many people were on this rainy Saturday afternoon. We opted for inside seating and enjoyed the old school diner feel. Our waitress was exceptionally enthusiastic and oh-so-sweet! She was appropriately attentive without being overbearing (normally being called "toots" would irritate me just slightly but she was so wonderful I didn't mind). The food needs no introduction, and the menu is appropriately understated. Being a quasi-southern girl, I'm a bit of a Snoots McGoots about my cheese grits. These were out of this world fantastic. Not too runny, not too clumpy and whatever cheese they use (some kind of white...couldn't exactly tell which) is absolutely perfect. If I had to make one point of critique, it would be that my eggs were a little more buttery than I'd prefer, but my bacon was cooked perfectly and that was about all she wrote for me. I observed a stack of some of the heartiest pancakes I've ever seen being delivered to a neighboring table, and I'd recommend those who are into that sort of thing (which I am not) to give those a try upon visiting. Derby has definitely made it into the running as one of my top choices for breakfast.
After a very exhaustive day, a friend of mine suggested we meet at Derby on the Park. Since it was around 3pm that I meet her it was a little early for dinner. Luckily, the back patio of Derby on the Park has a very comfortable outdoor couch and chairs with a coffee table that is curtained off from the rest of the patio dining room. It was  a nice lounge area that allowed us to be outside, but completely private. We also had the most attentive server who made sure the heaters were to our liking and even changed the channel on the TV.  I really think it would be a great place to meet for a group, before heading out somewhere else.  After a couple of hours sitting and relaxing, we finally decided to have dinner and our waiter happily moved us to a table.  I was a little disappointed with the menu, but decided to stick with my current favorite entree at restaurants, pot roast.  I was also intrigued by the corn dog, and I will definitely order that instead when I return to Derby.  The pot roast was definitely a big piece of meat with some mushy carrots and potatoes. I had to get a to-go box since the portion was so large.  My friend loved her shrimp and grit-cakes, but this is also her new favorite restaurant in Jacksonville. It would be hard for me to bring people here unless I knew they were all very carnivorous. I could not find a single vegetarian entree, which makes it a difficult place to bring people that one is unfamiliar with their dietary habits.
I ordered a shrimp salad. The greens were very fresh and the shrimp tasted freshly grilled. The mustard dressing was very good. The iced tea was just okay.  My mother ordered the grilled sausage on a roll. It was tasty but too sloppy to pick up with your hands. Not sure how to eat a sandwich that you can't pick up. I thought the decor was very modern looking but couldn't help wishing it  had more creative touches. We enjoyed our first visit. The service was good.
As a regular for the weekend brunch at Derby, I was surprised to find a major change in the amount as well as glass size of their mimosa. When I requested that I be given my drink in the original wine glass - hold the extra OJ, the owner reprimanded our bar tender in front of our group. I have been to Derby nearly every weekend since they opened and have recommended this establishment to many friends and family. After the behavior I experienced today, however, I will think twice about this being my first choice. I understand the need to make adjustments based on cost analysis, but when your employees are accommodating the requests of your customers, this should be praised, not reprimanded. Great food, poor management.
What an excellent restaurant! The patio is an amazing atmosphere and there are plenty of heat lamps to keep you comfortable even dining for dinner in the fall! We started off with the Fried Goat Cheese Bruschette, which was delicious, and also the Bleu Cheese Guac & Black Bean Hummus, which was also amazing! For entrees we had the Shrimp & Pancetta Mac & Cheese (SO good!!) and the meatloaf (also very tasty). Would definitely recommend, the prices, ambiance, and prices are great! Will be going back.
We had dinner and drinks there last night around 8pm.  This is a great new addition to the 5 Points area.  The menu was not oversized or confusing and the seating under the new patio was very comfortable, a nice mix of casual or semi-dressy.  A great place for a new date or in our case, a repeat of years of special moments.  I see in previous reviews there were grumbles about service, that seems to be all taken care of, the owners, servers and I believe one of the owners mom( moms will always keep a tight ship!) were constantly and non-invasively checking everything out.  We had the evening special drink, the Motorcycle, a kind of whiskey powered Bahama Blue minus the coconut rum, which was large and excellent!   We also had the meatloaf and garlic mashed potatos which were flavorful, nicely prepared and plated and served with a nice tiny side of coleslaw which was good enough to want more of.   Our other entree was the Pancetta and shrimp Mac N' Cheese which was bowl scraping great!.  The total bill was around $30 which I thought very reasonable for the food, drinks, service and atmosphere.   Way to go Derby and staff!
Our bartender/waiter, Ryan and Amber were Awesome. friendly service and fun atmosphere.  We had the Waldorf Haystack which was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! And the grilled Ham and Havarti sandwich with mashed potatoes. We also got the bananas foster cheesecake...to die for!  Everything was soooo good we ate too much!
Loved the renovation, food and atmosphere!!!! The owners are wonderful.... amazing meatloaf!!
Never disappoints! But this time we got dessert the key lime cheesecake was FANTASTIC! Someone from south Florida I take my key lime very serious and was pleasantly surprised how delicious this was. I guess I shouldn't be surprised seeing as though my husband and I have never had a bad meal there. We have only been for dinner but I have read the brunch is pretty phenomenal as well.
I came in here for a late lunch while in Jax for a project down the street and was happy with the choice. There are a slew of dining options in this part of town (resembles a small town downtown) so if the American cuisine served up at Derby on Park doesn't suit you then simply take your pick of a dozen or so other joints within a 2-3 block radius. I had a tasty BBQ bacon cheeseburger and my request for ranch and pickles on the side was gladly accommodated by my friendly waitress. The burger itself didn't seem formed by the kitchen staff (frozen patty perhaps) although it was a generous half pound portion. A large covered outdoor patio greets diners but I sat inside to look out upon the busy intersection where sits the restaurant. If you're into zoning out while gazing at passing by cars and pedestrians during a business lunch then give this place a shot.
meh. service great. food  okay.
Aside from the wonderful asthetic changes they have made to the old Derby house, which was the worst dive around in it's final days, the food and atmosphere of the new Derby on Park are amazing. I loved the previous restaurant that the owners owned on Beach Blvd. (The Secret Garden), and am glad that they are now on our side of town. I have found myself there on several occasions and will continue to go. The food is delicious (especially the 3 B burger... it's the only burger I will eat without covering it in ketchup!) and the wait staff are really attentive. Check it out for yourself. It is definitely not the old Derby house Thank goodness!!
Pleasantly surprised!  Called for reservations (good idea) and were seated on the patio.  Service was good.  Drinks were the only disappointment.  How do you mess up a dirty martini?  Daiquiri was less than inspiring.  The Reuben with coleslaw was very good and piping hot!!!  The turkey with feta cheese etc sandwich was a treat.  Kudos on the fries too! We 'll be back but sit at the bar to monitor drink making.
Brand new, still working out a few glitches, but the food is great.  Had lunch here with 3 friends and it was great. Started with the Steak Bites appetizer (tender filet mignon with a house blend of spices and served with creamy horseradish sauce.) The dish was scrumptious, and we especially loved the sauce.  Three of us ordered hamburgers, 2 were the au Poivre Burgers (Peppercorn crusted, topped with grilled onions and garlic Brandy butter), and  the other was the Jack & Tom Burger (fried green tomato, lettuce, onion, jack cheese & a drizzle of ranch). The burgers were perfectly cooked and came on a unique bun.  The fries are house cut and delicious.  Our other friend had the Roasted Angus Beef Sandwich (House roasted angus beef, thinly sliced with caramelized onions and provolone cheese in a crispy baguette with a side of rosemary au jus).  It is a huge sandwich and our friend said it was very good.  The Derby on Park's menu includes flatbreads, appetizers, salads, sandwiches, steak burgers and a nice list of entrees.  There is a full bar and beautiful outdoor patio as well.  They are also serving breakfast and look forward to returning one morning for that as well.  Overall, Derby on Park is a nice addition to our neighborhood and will be a place we visit often.
This was my first visit after their extended closing for remodeling (over a year).  This place was previously a typical greasy spoon and they have certainly dressed it up on all fronts.  I was not a fan of the old Derby House.  I read the reviews of fellow yelpers before going to a place and have to say that it seems some of them are completely unfair.  The new menu does have interesting options, that are not reflective of trying to hard, but more so just being inventive.  Everything that we had was very good, if not excellent.  The place seems to be fairly priced with competitors for similar quality food.  The days of the horrible food and cheap prices are gone at this place...and for me that's a very good thing!  Our service was incredibly attentive.  The atmosphere is nice and lively, but definitely not for those who are looking for a quiet place.  Their new patio is a wonderful addition which I'm confident we will be visiting again soon.  In this area, this is a must go.  Support a local business and try the "NEW Derby House"!
Waiting for the Derby on Park to open has been excruciating. It was definitely worth the wait! They have remodeled the outdoor patio and inside such that it looks like it belongs in NYC. We started off with the fried goat cheese bruschetta. It comes with 2 huge pieces of goat cheese topped with roasted tomatoes, peppers garlic and basil alongside some flat bread. It was delicious and could have been a complete meal. We had for entrees the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and the Shrimp and Grits. The fried chicken came with 2 very large chicken breasts that were expertly fried and very tender. The gravy that covered the chicken and the mashed potatoes was better than Grandma every thought of making. The Shrimp and grits were not your typical grits, they were fried grit cakes. They were very good, but lacked as most grits do-salt. Once salt was applied the whole dish came alive. The service staff here are very attentive, but not overwhelming. We will most definitely be back.
Went for brunch at 10am on sat. No wait! Food was delish. Will definitely be going back
I had the BEST Mother's Day at Derby on Park.  GREAT food and GREAT people!!
A huge disappointment! My family went here for the first time last night to celebrate a birthday and we were shocked by the unprofessional behavior of the owner Neil and his wife. Our drinks and food took forever, so after waiting for 25 minutes for our food to arrive we asked our waiter what was  taking so long. He politely explained that the cooks yelled at him when he asked where the food was. We spoke to Neil next, and he condescendingly referred to my mother as "sweetie" and did not apologize at all for the poor service. None of this was our waiter's fault; the place is just very poorly managed. When we finally paid our bill and were on our way out, we stopped to express our disappointment to Neil one more time, hoping for some reassurance or perhaps an apology. Instead, he immediately got very defensive and yelled "don't ever come back here! We don't want you here!" It was unbelievable. It's a shame because they have a good location and the food was very tasty, but the owners were so unprofessional and rude that we will never be back, and will certainly never recommend it. I honestly can't believe they've lasted as long as they have with an owner treating his customers that way.
This was my second stop at this location. I stopped for lunch with a friend today. I ordered the Reuben sandwich with coleslaw. The Rubin was excellent. The sauerkraut was sandwiched between the corn beef and the grilling of the marble bread was perfect. They used a pepper jack cheese to spice it up a bit which was excellent overall. The coleslaw may have been a little old but still was pretty good. The service was pretty slow though it was the lunch hour. Our waitress seemed pretty good. The service overall was not quite up to par as my tea glass was emptied 3 times and I had to wait for more tea each time.
Fantastic!   Food is so good here - fried green tomatoes, havarti and ham sandwich, shrimp salad, key lime pie!   Wish our server, Gloria, had been a bit more attentive and lively - she seems new.   Other servers pitched in, which is always a plus.  This place will be and is a great addition to the Five Points ambiance.
