When I get a kid-free night out with my husband, I want the food to be outstanding. The Blind Rabbit without fail always delivers. We ways start with an order of the Fried Green Tomatoes. The lightly battered tomatoes are topped with a delicious combination of Peach Habanero Hot Sauce, Goat Cheese, Heirloom Tomato Salsa, & Georgia Cane Syrup. Seriously they should considering bottling and selling the Peach Habanero Hot Sauce because we practically lick the plate every time. The Pork Belly and Oyster Sandwich is the perfect combination of the delectable crispy fat pork belly paired with the perfectly fried, incredibly juicy Apalachicola oysters. I am usually not a fan of bread and butter pickles, but the homemade thick cut pickles add a necessary tartness and crunch to cut the richness of the other ingredients. The side of cheese grits were lacking in seasoning, but had a great texture. Definitely will get again. Also not to be missed was a Fried Chicken Thigh over a hash of brussel sprouts, sweet potato, sweet onion and andouille sausage drizzled with a hot sauce honey concoction. This was the best cooked, juiciest boneless chicken thigh I have ever eaten. The slightly bitter brussel sprouts paired nicely with the sweetness of the potato and the sweet heat from the sauce. We did not try any whiskey drinks, but the drink menu was creative and the bar well stocked. The service was wonderfully attentive and full of great suggestions. This place has become a new favorite.
Why 4 stars? Because this was a solid post-game spot.   ---   ---   --- Ok, so I'll admit: I wasn't in the most cheerful of moods for my visit here. I drove up to Jax from Tampa during the wee hours of the morning, expecting to see a Browns win. Unfortunately, we not only lost, but were destroyed by the winless Jaguars, who as of this writing, have yet to win another game. Sigh. That being said, it's tough to mess up a burger with BBQ sauce and bacon on it, and the Blind Rabbit's was version was squarely in the 4-star range for me: not the best ever, but above average. The unfortunate part of our experience was that our server seemed to be fairly annoyed with our existence when we arrived. By the end of the meal, she'd had a change of heart and was friendly, but I'm not sure what her issue was early on. Maybe she too was a Browns fan? If that's the case, I can't blame her. The peach milkshake photos looked amazing, but unfortunately they were all out of peach. Damn you produce orderer!! Thanks Blind Rabbit... by the way, I left some tears on your floor when no one was looking. You can't lose to Blake Bortles. You just can't.
My husband and I decided to have dinner here on a Thursday night when the wait across the street was too long. We had no idea this place had even changed its name, much less that it was still open, but we thought we'd give it a try. We were aiming for a nice night together, but weren't exactly hoping to feel isolated in our dining experience. The fact that we were practically the only customers in the restaurant on a Thursday night should have been a red flag right away. Our server was prompt and greeted us with a smile and asked if we had been in before. The one positive aspect of the experience was that she took great care of us and made us feel welcome. Can't remember her name, but she did a fantastic job. I ordered a glass of the William Hill Chardonnay, and my husband asked for a draft beer, as the server informed us that it was "happy hour". After several minutes, our server came back and informed us that not only were they out of the wine, but the particular beer my husband ordered had "just ran out". The server was very professional and apologetic, and she gave us more time to decide on our drinks. I chose another wine from the list and my husband picked another beer that was luckily available. Server comes back after quite a while and tells me that they're out of the second wine I ordered! I understand that things run out, but not when there are hardly any tables in the place. Don't advertise if you don't have it! On to the food--we skipped on appetizers and went straight for the entrees. The veggie burger sounded interesting so I thought I'd give one a try. My husband chose a whiskey burger. Our server tells us that they are no longer selling the veggie burgers. Again, take it off the menu if you don't have it. Ridiculous! I chose a classic burger with bacon instead. The food was okay but certainly nothing to encourage a second visit. The prices are a bit much for simply being a burger based restaurant. Based on the fact that this place has played host to now three different restaurants, we shouldn't have been surprised! It was a mediocre experience at best. Definitely won't be back, and I'll let everyone know not to waste their money here. Should have stuck with what we know!
Not impressed by the new Riverside location... The service was horrible, and she took too long to take our food order. It was very slow in the restaurant, so there was no reason to lack service. We ordered the famous fried chicken sandwich, and most of the sandwich was batter! Disgusting... I will stick to visiting the Jax Beach location from now on...
This is a gorgeous restaurant with creative libations and very tasty food.  I started with their Front Porch Iced Tea which was a tasty, refreshing concoction of top shelf whiskey, moonshine, sweet tea, lemon bitters & freshly muddled raspberry cocktail over ice to wet the appetite.  This drink was fantastic! Next up, the Poutine.  I loved this appetizer.  It was made with hand-cut fries, pork belly, tasso ham, cheese curds, and gravy.  Perfectly seasoned and not too salty.  So far, the best poutine I've had on the east coast.  I will come back just for this. A must try before you die:  The Whiskey Burger.  To me, a perfectly cooked medium rare beef burger is almost impossible to get right in most restaurants.  This place got it right the first time.  Juicy and flavorful, nice bun to beef ratio, simple toppings that did not detract from the actual burger.  Generous portion and cooked to perfection.  I would order this again. Surprisingly delightful:  The Chicken Thigh Farmer Salad - a wonderful garden of fresh greens served with egg, celery, cucumbers, grape tomatoes, white cheddar cheese, red onion, garlic croutons and black peppercorn dressing.  So much going on here, but delicious!  Their rich, marinated, lightly fried chicken thigh served atop the salad put this dish in a league of its own.  Loved it. Overall, the service was outstanding!  They have a wonderful staff that was genuinely helpful and super friendly.  The staff made great recommendations on the dishes offered and I look forward to many more visits to taste the entire menu.  5 STAR FLAVOR!
After a few visits to the Beaches location, and a few after just opening up, I headed back to the Blind Rabbit for a girls night out dinner, and it's where I found my Blind Rabbit burger redemption. I hesitated writing my review before... there were a few dishes that just didn't seem up to snuff, but after a bit of time, and my perseverance, I'm so happy I've found my jam. We started with the Gorgonzola chips, and they were amazing as usual, and a friend ordered the poutine (and it was a pleasant surprise!) This time, the fries were crispy, there was a nice amount of cheesy curds and the gravy was perfect. I ordered the Southern Burger.... and let me tell you, this is where it's at! A perfect medium rare, with spicy! pimento cheese (a super generous and tasty slather of it) house-made pickles and a pickled okra, fried green tomato and arugula. Damn. This was the perfect flavor comb: the spicy hotness from the cheese, the tangy from the FGT, a little sweet from the pickles, and the buttery pepper flavor from the arugula.... OUTSTANDING. Our server was on top of it (and got a few good laughs from our ahem, girly convos.) It's going to be really hard to order anything besides this burger for me... unless....... man it would be killer to see a bison option here!
Let me just start by saying this. I miss the old Blind Fig menu. Changing the name to the Blind Rabbit to match the Beaches location also meant matching the menu and that menu a lot of the really great items are no longer served anymore, including the desserts. A group of us went in on a Tuesday night and found it to be kinda dead to our surprise. No matter, that meant more attention would be on our group. Sweet. We all get settled towards the back of the restaurant and pine over the menu, comparing what's still on it and what got the axe. I got the Front Porch Iced Tea, which contains a bourbon whiskey and moonshine. I never had either let alone together so I though caution to the wind and took a swallow. SOOO GOOD! The sweet tea, raspberries, and lemon bitters made for a good drink to have on a humid summer night. A friend highly recommended the Gorgonzola chips. I've had Gorgonzola before, but all I could think of were cartoons where characters had close pins on their noses when around it, like Limburger cheese so that made me think it was pungent. It's actually not and tastes very similar to blue cheese which I like. The cheese fondue with the balsamic glaze over a mound of housemade chips was the perfect appetizer. I finally settled on the Southern Burger as it sounded the most interesting. Pickled Okra, Fried Green Tomato, Creole Pimento Cheese, Peach Habanero Hot Sauce and Georgia Cane Syrup? Bring it on! The burger was awesome but the side of Tobacco Onions left little to be desired. It was ok but it was a big pile of fried onion pieces for one person to finish. I shared some Cast Iron Mac N Cheese with a friend and both thought it was good, not as amazing as our server made it out to be, just good. I think the five cheese sauce must've sunk to the bottom. I passed on dessert as milkshakes, ice cream, and brownies didn't appeal to me. I may be back to have the Shrimp and Grits again (one item from the original menu that was kept) but I do hope that they consider bringing back some favorites.
Ok, I am a fan of The Blind Rabbit.  The four of us (hubby and I + 2 friends) decided to give Blind Rabbit a try last night.  We walked away pretty satisfied and happy.  First off, the atmosphere was quite nice.  Dimmed lights, spacious bar area, nice booths in the back, nicely decorated.  Didn't hurt either that our server was one of the friendliest guys with a big smile I've ever met. And the food.  The food was tasty and delicious.  We had to try the three appeys that caught my eyes when reading reviews (main reason why I was anxious to try the Blind Rabbit) - Gorgonzola Chips, Poutine, and Fried Green Tomatoes.  The chips were a bit salty and heavy for my taste (preference, hubby really liked it), but it was delicious.  The poutine was not your traditional poutine, more of an 'elevated' version, but also delicious.  Fried green tomatoes = da bomb!  I don't think you can go wrong with any of the appeys we ordered. For our entrees, we had the Holick Burger, the Whiskey Smoked Burger, Shrimp & Grits, and Pork Belly and Oyster Sandwich.  Everything was boldly flavored and delicious.  I ordered the Holick burger and could not finish it.  It was huge (and messy, as expected), but I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  The Pork Belly and Oyster sandwich my friend got was very yummy as well.  Poor guy, he offered to let everyone try a bite and I think he ended up with only half a sandwich lol.  I guess the next time I come, it will be a hard choice between the Holick Burger vs. the Pork Belly and Oyster Sandwich for me.  Overall, we really enjoyed our dining experience and can see us going back again soon.
Wow, came back after the place reopened, and what an improvement. The burgers are excellent. I had the Cobra Kai burger, and it was cooked perfectly. They're running a happy hour special where all the tap beer is $2.50 a pint. What a deal. Had a lot of local craft brews for super cheap. Looking forward to coming back for other menu items. Way faster than kickbacks.
I am sure we'll be going back to the Blink Rabbit pretty soon.  Recently went with wife and two friends and had a great time at this establishment.  I am originally from Vancouver, and often crave a poutine fix.  Well, the Blind Rabbit delivered.  It's not a traditional poutine, but probably one of the tastiest I've tried outside of Vancouver.  I also really enjoyed their fried green tomatoes, a dish that is quite foreign to me until I relocated down to Jacksonville. For entree, I ordered the Whiskey Smoked Burger and it was pretty darn delicious.  Wife had the Holick Burger and it was awesome.  The restaurant looked very nice, our service was superb, and the food delicious.  So we'll probably be back soon, the next time I crave a good poutine or a gourmet burger.
*stands up*     "Hello, my name is Jo El, and I am a Blind Rabbit addict." I admit it, I ate at Blind Rabbit THREE times last week. I KNOW, I KNOW! But it's that good!!!! Besides having a "Happy Hour" that lasts nearly all day ($2.50 Drafts from 12-7!), They have the GREATEST and most innovative burgers in town! With the winning combination of brisket, short rib, and ground chuck for their patties, how is a red-blooded American (who isn't a vegetarian) supposed to resist??? I have had 3 Burgers off their menu now: *Southern Burger: The moan-worthy delicious "Southern Burger" comes topped with a Fried Green Tomato, Creole Pimento Cheese, Peach Habanero Hot Sauce, Arugula, Georgia Cane Syrup, and Pickled Okra on an Artisan Bun. *Whiskey Burger; Smoked Onions & Mushrooms, Smoked Gouda, Five Pepper Jelly, Artisan Bun. The mushrooms REALLY make the burger. These little "flavor sponges" really soak up the smoky, savory juices and add another dimension of "Oh my GOSH this is so delicious!" *BBQ Bacon Burger - Applewood Bacon, Provolone Cheese, Sweet BBQ Sauce, Crispy Tobacco Onions, Bourbon Spiked Creole Mustard, Brioche Bun. The Southern Burger continues to be my favorite. The crunchy and tangy fried green tomato on top of an ultra juicy burger is a perfect marriage of flavors and textures. Move over Ketchup and Mustard, we're too good for you now. The fun continues by choosing numerous sauces to try with their french fries! Having graduated from the elementary blasé Ketchup, Blind Rabbit dazzles with the sauce choices of; Curry Mayo, Spicy Ketchup, Creole Mayo, Honey Mustard, Bourbon Spiked Creole Mustard, Tartar Sauce, Peach Habanero Hot Sauce, and Bourbon BBQ Sauce. The incredible Bourbon BBQ Sauce is my PERSONAL favorite!!! It's a MUST TRY! I have also greatly enjoyed the Fried Green Tomato appetizer at the Beaches Location (see other review for details.) My favorite place to sit at the Blind Rabbit is at one of the tables built on a raised platform alongside the windows. I like the elevated VIP feeling, the window watching, and the intimacy of the two-person tables. A enormous Shaun Thurston masterpiece is painted along the outside wall. Viewers are powerless to withstand taking a photo shoot in front of this amazing backdrop! I love you Blind Rabbit. If Peewee Herman himself asked, "If you love it so much, why don't you marry it?" I probably would! Now to go back and try that Blues Burger!
Ok Ok Ok salty fig, blind fig, er blind rabbit. As much as it's annoying to keep changing on us all I think we finally have a winner. Salty Fig food truck was my favorite food truck. But when they opened their physical location it didn't match up with the truck. Their target audience changed and my young 20ish year old self couldn't keep up with the prices of the menu. The owners are some pretty cool dudes so I wanted them to succeed but I wanted myself to succeed too. So when they changed to the Blind Rabbit I was a little upset because burger aren't my thing. But prices were lower and again, we want them to succeed. My husband and I split the gorgonzola chips, which we already knew were delicious. We also split a burger. The burger was wonderful! But the moment of the night was when the mom of the owner brought us over a free appetizer. That free appetizer was their Fried Green Tomatoes. Oh my word. The gorgonzola chips are great but from now on I'm ordering the fried green tomatoes. It wasn't that they were just great it was the service that came along with it. If you actively sample and give something cheap for you guys to make then you'll gain customers. Because of the service and the food, we'll be going back! Can't wait!
Modeled after the wildly popular Jax Beach spot (same owner too), adding a Blind Rabbit to Riverside's burgeoning King Street district is just what the area needed. On our most recent visit we sat in the spacious bar area and had the addictive gorgonzola chips drizzled with a balsamic reduction and the fried green tomatoes with peach habanero hot sauce and goat cheese -- get these. Burgers are the name of the game and my personal fav is the one topped with a fried green tomato (see the trend here), pickled okra, pimento cheese and hot sauce. The farmer salad with fried chicken is another go-to but be forewarned, you may not be able to finish it -- especially if you've partaken in the appetizers. The boozy milkshakes are fun too and we were told that several new concoctions are in the works. The cocktails are hand-crafted, the beer taps are aplenty (and lots of good local brews too - hello Intuition & Bold City! - plus rotating favorites from breweries like Tampa's Cigar City) and the whiskey selection is beyond impressive and sprawls an entire chalkboard wall when you enter from the King Street side. A great experience overall and since The Blind Rabbit is also offering weekend brunch, we'll be returning for that as well.
I have heard nothing but good things about The Blind Rabbit, and I have had lots of friends tell me I needed to go there, so we did! They have 2 locations, one at the beach and one in Riverside. We visited the Riverside location since it was closer to home. We decided on the Poutine for our appetizer. For those of you unfamiliar with a Poutine, it is Hand-Cut Fries, Pork Belly, Tasso Ham, Cheese Curds, and Gravy....aka delicious! The gravy had a very nice taste and the fries were crispy. I got The Holick Burger for my entree. It had a Sunny Side Egg, Intuition Braised Pork Belly, Tomato, Arugula, Homemade Bread & Butter Pickles, Lemon Aioli, on a Brioche Bun. I thought the burger was very good, but it didn't really need the pork belly. I don't think it did anything for the burger and it wasn't very flavorful. However, the rest of the burger was great. I got mac and cheese on the side. It was very creamy and the topping was crunchy and flavorful. My husband got the Blues Burger, which had Maytag Blue Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Lettuce, Tomato, Homemade Bread & Butter Pickles, and a Brioche Bun. He has been craving a good burger and said that this one hit the spot! He got fries on the side. Verdict: Liked it We really liked everything and were pleasantly surprised. We didn't try any whiskey on this trip, but  they have a very large whiskey menu for those who are interested. While the prices are not outrageous, they are a little higher than some burger places in town. Still, I think it is definitely worth it. We plan on visiting again soon!
Blind Rabbit actually get about a 4.5 from me. This place is legit. Like whiskey? You're in the right place. Bourbon? You're home. Scotch? Damn right. And if you're a red blooded American, they've got some killer burgers to shovel into your suck hole. In the event that you're not into burgers (weirdo) they've got an array of other bad ass shit to satisfy your taste buds. They've got a solid selection of beer to choose from but where this place really shines, is the spirits. They'll get you drunk and it'll taste good all the way there. Blind Rabbit ain't cheap so don't be coming up in here looking for the value menu. If you want to ball out on a Friday or Saturday night, ( I went on a Sunday because I'm extra boss) this is a good place to visit. If you are taking a young lady here, expect HER place to be the last stop of your night because you now officially look like a real triple OG. Get some Blind Rabbit in your life.
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Is the word I can use to describe the feeling that I am feeling right now!   I just ordered the BBQ Burger from The Blind Rabbit and might I say...it was amazing!!!   Applewood bacon, provolone cheese, sweet BBQ sauce, Crispy Tobacco Onions, Bourbon Spiked Creole Mustard, Brioche Bun and comes with a side!  I got the "Roots" (French Fries).  I did get the Bourbon creole mustard on the side but put the creole mayo on the burger and it was "flavor time" in my mouth.   I will definitely come back to "The Blind Rabbit".
After eating at the Blind Rabbit at Jax Beach many times and loving it, I stumbled across a Blind Rabbit in Riverside Saturday night!  It was wonderful!  I had the fried green tomatoes,  They were fantastic!  I had the fried chicken too.  It was yummy.  I am normally not a big fried food eater, but I am glad I tried these delicacies!  They had some of the local canned beers for just three dollars.  I also got to try the spicy margarita!  Watermelon puree and daytil peppers as a garnish.  It was ten dollars and served in a mason jar.  It was tasty.  The staff was wonderful just as they always are at the beach....now....which one will I go to next!?
Everything about the blind rabbit was exceptional. Cassandra was the bartender and was friendly and very knowledgable about the menu and many mixed drinks. The bar was quite busy and she made all drinks with ease while running food when needed. I was very pleased with the quality of the food. I recommend the "Blu Burger"
The blind rabbit is great and a HUGE upgrade from the blind or salty or whatever fig. To start, both the ambiance and the service are great. At 9:30 on a Tuesday night the bartenders were still very upbeat, friendly and helpful and there was still a decent crowd which is a good sign. The drink I had---blackberry mule or something or other--delicious. The burger. Omg the burger. The southern burger. Asked for medium rare and it could not have been more perfectly cooked. The fried green tomato on top was amazing. The garlic smashed potatoes on the side were equally as amazing. Hands down best burger I've had in a while. This is my new go to--very stylish but still welcoming and affordable. Two thumbs up!
We loved the Salty Fig food truck, but hated the Salty Fig restaurant. My husband and I were excited to try out Blind Rabbit, which is the same owner, because we had heard good things about the beach location. We each had a burger- I had the whiskey smoked burger, and he had the BBQ bacon burger. I got macaroni for my side, he got fries with honey mustard. My burger was delicious, and was cooked medium as ordered. It was really smoky, as promised. The macaroni needs work. You have to love making macaroni & cheese for it to taste awesome, and this one was missing the love. The sauce it was in was ok, and the crust top was pretty good. It needed cheese added to the top, then the crust, then to sit under the broiler for a minute. Overall, I would come back. It was pretty good, and the prices make much more sense than the Salty Fig prices. The food is much tastier, too.
Top quality service from the moment we walked in the door.  And amazing restaurant with a menu to please just about every foodie.  Ask for Brad, his knowledge of foods is world renowned.
Now I have eaten at the Salty Fig, The blind Fig so why not the Blind Squirrel.  I guess I kind of called Jeff out on Facebook this morning when they posted a picture of a Ramen Burger. They have done it before but I was busy eating ramen burgers somewhere else. Jeff told me that he tried to get one but they were out and thought. I can cook one of those. Let me say he can and he can well too. He messaged me this morning and told me to come in and he will make me one. Let me just also tell you that Jeff and I have known each other all the way back to his food truck. I will also say that he changed just about everyone that worked here also. For a better results to the food today was really good. The burger was cooked just the way I like them, mid-rare. Then the pickled toppings added a little tang to the burger. There was arugula and radishes and some pickled onions. The burger was seasoned well too.  It was one burger that I didn't have to put salt n pepper on. The bun or ramen in this case. Was a little loose for me. I know that this style of burger is a messy burger. It is a sandwich that you grab it one time and eat the whole handful. The bun in this case was made with lo mein noodles instead of ramen. I did enjoy the whole meal and it is a very good burger and I will go back again. soon
Wow, wow, wow! We walked in on a Friday night and sat at the bar. The bartender was super friendly had plenty of recommendations. She was well versed in the menu as well the drinks available. As other reviewers stated the Fried green Tomatoes were incredible! Followed by a crafted burger the "(something) villa" it was on special , and absolutely delicious!  We also met the GM and he was super friendly and very inviting! Definitely a place to check out. Great service,food,beer and atmosphere! A+
We found this place when checking in on Facebook at Tres Leches Cafe and it showed up as a place that people who liked that restaurant also liked. Sunday before the Jaguars game we arrived at 10:30 am and although the sign on the window said it opened at 10, they had to unlock the door for us. My husband selected the Southern Breakfast from the brunch menu, and I chose the Whiskey Smoked Burger with hand-cut fries. The breakfast included andouille sausage, eggs sunny-side up, hash, Gorgonzola grits, and biscuits and gravy. He didn't speak much about the distinct flavors but there were only a few crumbs remaining. My burger was accurately cooked to order and topped with a slice of smoked Gouda, sautéed mushrooms and onions, and five-pepper jelly, and it was on a lightly toasted brioche bun. This was an amazing burger; I cannot remember ever having a better one. It was juicy, slightly sweet, and every bite was as good as the last. The fries and spicy creole mustard were a terrific accompaniment but I actually didn't finish them because I filled up with the burger. We didn't try any of the whiskeys on this visit, but were pleased to see two entire pages devoted to all of the brands available. We will be back the next time we are in town, and partake in that aspect as well. Service was friendly and prompt, and prices were reasonable based on the quality of the food and ambiance.
Had a fabulous meal! Everything was delicious, yet when I walked out, my car was filthy from some construction they were doing on the roof. I let the manager Jeff know about it and within five minutes he had a crew outside with soapy water cleaning my car, without any complaints! Fabulous customer service! Will definitely be a return customer!
What can I say? I'm super excited for the next chance I can get to head out to the Blind Rabbit. I got the fried green tomatoes and they were super tasty. The milkshake was amazing, and the fries were fantastic. The burger was good, but something about the patty didn't seem really flavorful. Not too bad, but not as good as everything else on the menu.
Ok the first I went I was by myself. With the name changes I didn't know what to expect.  I thought it was a biker bar, I was surprised to see that it was a nice atmosphere.  And the sevice was great. As for food I had the pork belly and oyster sandwich.  That was the best thing I put in my my for weeks . I washed it down with my favorite beer , king street stout. The 2nd time I took the wife and my 10 yr old . Ihad shimp and grits , it was great . Daughter had fried chicken and mac and cheese,  she said it was o.k. The wife had the cuban sandwich,  she said it was ok .  The service again was great.I be seeing you guys again . Next without the wife and kid.
When I invited my friends to join me here for dinner it was still the Blind Fig.  Having eating at the Fig about 4 times I knew it was a good choice.  Unfortunately the restaurant changed names matching the beaches sister restaurant and with that came a menu change.  Thankful that the Gorgonzola Chips remained I treated my friends to several orders.  Everyone was delighted.  Normally a wine drinker I thought  a Apple Martini was in order.  This was a big fail.  Watery with little Apple flavor it was left in the table.  The good news they did have Intuitions, King St. Stout.  Our server Tad was soooo very good and handled the table of 12 hungry diners with expert, friendly care.  I opted for a burger so Blues Burger had all the perfect ingregients,  Maytag Blue, Caramelized onions L&T Pickles on Brioche. I asked for Med Rare.  It's a given it was going to be overcooked but this was so overcooked it was sinful. The ratio of meat to  bread 40/60.  I have had great burgers here before but not tonight.  I also ordered the Mac & Cheese for a side.  Sad,  tasteless, uninspired comes to mind.  The final blow no more Bread Pudding.  Heresy!!!!.  An when did Milkshakes become desserts?  I can say with total certainty I will not be back.   MHO
Pork belly and fried oyster sandwich and goat cheese grits. I could eat those dang grits every day of my life. But I have to stay away from here, and only visit once every 6 months because I'm pretty certain my sandwich of choice is like 12,000 calories. And it's worth every bite. Or the Holicker burger...pork belly and a runny, lovely egg....or the Southern, which sounds a little crazy when you read the ingredients, but it's the perfect blend of sweet, salty amazing beefy goodness....omnomnom! Besides they have a fantastic selection of craft beers and whiskey. And I love both dearly. So there's that. And I've heard the gorgonzola chips are great too! I've been here quite a few times now, and only had one slow service issue, so I won't ding them for that. P.S. I preferred the name Salty Fig, and may start a petition to change it back. Salty fig sounds like a great food place. Blind Rabbit sounds like an disabled animal. Just sayin'.
Great food,great atmosphere, great service, perfectly crafted cocktails. What more could you ask for !?
Fajita burger was the bomb.com. Great place for junky burgers and cheap beer during happy hour.
Excellent burgers and nice happy hour atmosphere. Good upscale (but not overpriced) option on King Street.
