Lifetime is definitely not cheap, but then again, neither is NYSP, Equinox, etc. However, for the money, you get A LOT. As a mother who prefers to exercise at home, it would take a lot for me to join a gym. But a gym that offers indoor and outdoor swimming, squash, tennis, basketball, rock climbing, along with state-of-the-art exercise equipment and an array of classes (like cardio kickboxing, TCX and Aqua Zumba) just might make me consider it. The deciding factor is the Kids Academy, which is so much more than a babysitting service. For an extra $90/month I can bring my son for up to two hours a day (three hours when he turns 3) and know that he'll be doing an array of activities (like computer lab, tumbling, or free play) while I exercise, enjoy a bite to eat at the cafe (or get a massage at the full-service salon!). And once he turns three, the class options expand tremendously: zumba and ballet dance, Spanish and Mandarin language classes, basketball and soccer academies ... you get the idea. For my particular circumstances, this place is a dream!
How much you will like the Harrison, NY LifeTime will depend of which of its services you use. I've been a member since it opened in February, and I'm growing steadily less enthusiastic, but if I were interested in its full range of offerings - which include kids' programs, squash and tennis, indoor and outdoor pools and a spa - I might be thrilled. First, the pros: The facilities are spectacular. The weight and cardio floor, yoga studio and group fitness rooms are large and well designed. The parking lot is vast and you can always find a spot. (However, once another member yelled at me because I sat putting an address into my car's navigation system, rather than pulling out immediately so he could have the spot he wanted. This should put other reviewers' complaints about parking in perspective. Hello, people, you're going to the gym? Is it so terrible to walk for three minutes from the far end of parking lot?) There are terrific group fitness instructors, many of them poached from Equinox. The cons: as a number of people mentioned, the locker room floor is growing steadily dirtier, and the toilets would benefit from more frequent cleaning. The cafe is great, for a gym, but I rarely use it because the service is unnecessarily slow. (The young people behind the counter are nice but have no idea how to do things efficiently.) Rules about bringing guests have changed drastically from the generous policy advertised six months earlier to lure members. A sign banning guns on the premises shows that the Minnesota-based company hasn't bothered to understand the culture of the Northeast (that is, that Westchesterites are not in the habit of carrying guns); ditto for the ban on nudity in the steam room (I don't care if people get naked and I'm guessing the majority of Westchesterites agree) and the cheesy, dated music in the locker room and fitness area. Speaking of music, in the cardio and fitness area it's frequently interrupted with plugs for LT's various services, and I find this irritating.   However, these complaints are minor. For me, the big problem is the yoga and Pilates program. Instead of hiring good instructors and letting them do their own thing, LifeTIme has developed its own yoga and Pilates sequences, which I don't like. (Having done a RYT-200 yoga teacher training program myself, I can say with confidence that LifeTime's yoga classes are repetitive and tedious.) Because yoga and Pilates classes are important to me, I'm not happy with LifeTime and will probably go back to my old gym (Equinox).
I will start by saying, I really like being a member of this fitness center. That said, my experiences have either been great or just plain bad...there's not much in between. And we all pay an arm and a leg to be a member.   Group fitness: Awesome.  Best I have experienced in my 30-someodd years.  I've never loved spin class as much in my life. Tripp's class is amazing and my favorite way to start a day. I have not had a subpar instructor yet. Pilates and yoga studio is lovely. It feels like you walked into a completely different facility when you walk through the door. Reformers for pilates lovers, too, which I'm happy about. You will pay an extra fee for reformer classes though. There is a class just about every half hour at peak times. You won't get bored, that's for sure. Cardio equipment: So much. SO much. All the cardio equipment is state of the art but honestly, I only use it when I am waiting for or miss a class I am there for. Locker rooms: Awesome. Clean. Great towels. High end toiletries. Pretty much anything you can ask for. I am perfectly comfortable getting ready there in the morning which says a lot. Cafe: Reasonably priced smoothies that are actually really good. I haven't tried anything else.  Service is either super fast or ridiculously slow. They're always really nice, though. Parking: I've seen others say it's a problem. Parking lot is definitely a zoo, as is the lobby, especially in the early evenings (6-7pm).  I haven't had trouble finding a spot yet, though. I do tend to work out in the morning and the gym is really empty at that time. Additional amenities: There's a beautiful pool, both inside and out, a rock climbing wall, tennis, squash, a spa...really way more than I'll ever consider using. It seems to be a good place for kids. Challenges: I've been a member for a matter of about 2 and a half weeks and already there's been an instance where an instructor didn't show up for a 5:45am class and the trainer I was set up with double booked himself and bailed on my appointment (informed me 15 minutes AFTER my appointment was scheduled after I'd waited around for 20 minutes), then never called as promised to reschedule me.  Really bad impression and there is zero chance I'll use training services there after that one. Management needs to tune into some of this stuff otherwise it'll just get worse. Rules change on a dime. That's annoying. The rules about guests announced this week are completely different the day I signed my contract. While I appreciate the protection of member experiences, it's pretty sketchy to change these kinds of things up so drastically without warning. Lastly, be prepared for a very stereotypical Westchester crowd. Don't get me wrong...there are great people there too but you'll have to put up with a fair amount of snobbery.  I desensitized to it quickly.
HYPE! It's all about the big new place that everybody's been talking about.  The two things that were noticeably different from every other fitness club I've been to were (1) tours / membership inquiries are arranged by appointment, and (2) the people at the front desk are in suits with earpieces to communicate with their fellow coworkers. Bond, James Bond. Copy that? Affirmative. Rather than a gym or fitness club, I felt more like I was at a hotel. Perhaps the reason for that would be the salon, cafe, tennis shop, lounge / waiting area, receptionist counter, indoor & outdoor pools, pool area snack bar, jacuzzis, co-op sauna, hall of offices and bar (yes, there is a bar). The rock climbing seems cool until you're joined by a bunch of kids. To their credit, the wide selection of cardio equipment, array of classes, strength training equipment and the functional training area are great. The indoor and outdoor pools are also an enticing attraction but I can't imagine this place being a peaceful place to relax with all of the families with their children during the summer. If you attend the classes that are included with your membership, such as yoga, spinning, etc., use the weights & cardio equipment, play basketball, squash, go swimming, frequent the cafe & salon and don't mind paying extra to attend pilates and play tennis, you'll love this place. If you need a fitness club where you can bring the whole family and stay for hours on end, Life Time Athletic is the place for you! After a tour that took about an hour, I asked myself if the $125 processing fee and $159 per month is worth 2 hours per day, 6 days per week? In conclusion, what I really don't care for is that Life Time seems to have a "you need us more than we need you" mentality.
Joined two weeks ago.  NOTHING has been as represented: - We were told there was plenty of availability for swim lessons, and that they would be conducted 'whenever we want'.  Not that case.  There is basically ZERO availability for kids swim lessons. - Family swim hours on rainy summer days are zero - We were told there would be a 12:1 ratio of kids:staff in the child care room.  Yet they count as staff the woman who sits at the desk.  So there could be as many as 24 kids being watched by one teenager!  Not cool. - Locker room is gross by noon.  How about someone cleans this mid-day?! FOR THE AMOUNT YOU CHARGE, YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES!
This is a sick gym. I don't even know if I can call it a gym. It's a one stop shop. It has a spa, a healthy food court, squash courts, tennis courts, yoga/hot yoga, pilates, cycling, indoor and outdoor pools, 2 basketball courts, and a ton of cardio & strength training equipment. Oh yeah, it also has a daycare and rock climbing. This place is huge. It's probably the biggest gym that I ever been to. The good and bad news is that the good news is that since it's so massive, it's easy to use the equipment because there is always something available. The bad news is that a LOT of ppl show up. The parking lot is huge, but it's still a mess.  I think they have a lot of staff on hand who take up a lot of the parking space. The patrons need to learn to car pool or something. The parking situation is similar to a busy shopping mall. It can get pretty ridiculous. Since the place is new though, i love all of the equipment and services that they offer. I just wish the parking situation was better. If the parking wasn't an issue, i'd give this place 5 stars hands down.
Your experience at LT is going to vary depending on when you mostly use the gym, why you joined and if you joined as a single person or a family (which explains the mixed reviews). Price -at $159 per person this gym is on the pricier side. The price doesn't include a tennis membership, which is $40 per month extra. The $40 doesn't actually buy you anything except the right to pay an additional fee to actually play ($12/hour - I think).  The cost for each child is $90. This price includes two hours per day of activity/babysitting time in the activity center. Not a bad deal if you actually take advantage of this. If you don't however $90 for a toddler is insane. Also, the children's room is not staffed well and the children are minimally supervised.  Of note, there is a couple/family discount. If you are married or share a bank account the price for twosome decreases to $148 per person and this includes the tennis membership. Unfortunately however this isn't extended to roommates, older children living in the home or friends (if you join as a pair). Initiation/Administrative fee - $180. These days most gyms are willing to wave the initiation fee (even equinox) - not lifetime. Crowd - word is they were aiming for 11,000 members and have significantly surpassed this. You can tell. There isn't a single part of the gym that isn't packed are overrun with people/children - especially the pool (and locker room and café). Group fitness - overall I have not been impressed. The classes lack any creativity or innovation and I have not been pleased with the fitness instructors at all. As someone else mentioned the classes are basic. I came from Equinox NYC, where classes included ViPR, Kettle Bell and strength movement classes. Lifetime has none of these. Furthermore, Spin classes have especially been disappointing (I've tried at least 8 teachers so far). A gym like this should have classes that are better then NY Sports Clubs. NY Sports club classes are far better. Pool - is extremely crowded. There aren't enough umbrellas (and the ones that are there don't offer shade). They allow kids to have small rafts and throw balls, despite there being hundreds of people on any given day in or around the pool. There is nothing enjoyable or relaxing about being at the pool. Kids - they are everywhere. Pool, café, locker room, classes and fitness floor. There is no adult only space. Cleanliness - average, some days it is OK, other days the trash is overflowing along with the towel bins. Also bathrooms don't seem to be cleaned throughout the day (especially the ones by the pool) and they are usually filthy and missing toilet paper and paper towels. Parking - yes it's like a crowded mall. Food - decent but pricey, the café and pool food are extremely slow and they don't have enough help. Also, their food program isn't managed well. Within the last week they Awere out of lids for the drinks, fruit pops and seltzers, etc. There are days when you could wait over 45 minutes for your food (at both the café and poolside). There is clearly not enough help and poor management of this. Other - when I joined I was told there would be social events, like wine tastings. Their other clubs have frequent social events (LI just had a Havana night). Nothing has been scheduled at this club as promised. Internet - The club is supposed to have free wifi. It never works. Now I might be getting picky about this one, but I never had a problem with wifi at Equinox. Overall - as I overheard someone recently say, this place is all bells and whistles and no substance. I agree with this comment. This gym has great potential however it has a long way to go.
This is a magnificent facility. Outstanding equipment, plus tennis and swimming. However, it is so badly run that it undermines the entire experience. My kids' swim classes have never once started on time, fitness instructors often cancel at the last minute, and management doesn't seem the least bit interested in addressing the issue. The club caters largely to fitness beginners and families. There are no programs for advanced spin, fitness, tennis, swimming etc. You will also be subjected to endless pressure to buy additional services and products, including incredibly loud and annoying advertisements run in the weight/fitness area around the clock. We've cancelled our membership ($559 per month for the family!) and will wait until they get a decent management team and better programming.
This place is amazing and HUGE! There's basketball, pools, squash, rockwall, yoga, cycling, tennis....the list could go on and on. Plus they have a bunch of classes and other activities happening on top of that. I can't imagine ever getting bored here The classes are really amazing, my favorite are the cycling classes with Tripp & Cecilia. They make me sweat so much, but I have fun at the same time! Love it!!! Place is spotless and I haven't had any trouble with parking. Even if I had to park at the very end of the lot I guess I could think of the walk there as a warm up, but really it's not bad at all. The cafe is awesome, every time I visit LIfe Time I end up getting something there. My favorite is the mocha madness with peanut butter, it's so good! I've been to the spa as well for a haircut and facial, again they are awesome like the rest of the club. I still can't believe how clean they got my face....I never want to leave!
I just joined the gym 2 weeks ago. Honestly, yes it does look amazing. I do love working out, and the amenities are great. However, I do have some problems with the place. There is a big parking lot, but like others have said it gets jammed. You may have to park somewhat far and walk to the gym. Some of the staff is nice and friendly, and others are just rude and sarcastic. I have heard people complaining that there too many kids running around but that has never really bothered me. I notice kids, but nothing crazy. I was told by the individual who signed me up that at the time I was there would be the busiest it would get as one of the reasons I left my old gym was due to how crowded it was. After I signed up and went back I realized that wasn't true, it does get busy at times. I thought that at the price 160/month it would be silent, but at times it does get crowded. Its also only been open for 2 months so I sometimes worry it will be a zoo soon. I do love utilizing the pool and the hot tub after my workouts. I can't wait until the outdoor pool is open and I cross my fingers it isn't too hectic with people. My other complaint is yes the attitude I got was a little bit like "we don't need you." There was no negotiating the price, no cutting the sign up fee, nothing. So all in all other than that it's very expensive, some of the people that work here aren't the nicest, and it possibly (but hopefully not) will become very crowded it is a really nice place to be. I enjoy spending the day here, eating lunch here, and relaxing. I also enjoy the fact that its open untill 12 am and most gyms close earlier.
