One of my favorite hotels! Very clean, modern/beachy atmosphere. Bar had happy hour until closing! Bartender was super nice and the food!!! OMG!!!! I ordered the steamed muscles and they were the best I've ever had!!!!! The chef came out and made sure we were satisfied with our choice and explained how he made them with such enthusiasm! I'm used to the dry old wrapped sandwiches and chips that even the higher chain hotels offer, but I was excited to see they had real food and it was good! Hotel staff were all so nice. Love this hotel, stay here if you come to Sarasota, and it's in a great location! Don't have a rental car? It's ok! Because you can rent a bike from the hotel for around $10-15 all day and take a 3 mile ride to the beach! I will be back soon!
I've spent the last 12 days in Sarasota on business and Hotel Indigo has been my home away from home. This ecofriendly hotel is newly built and very modern. The rooms are well appointed with spacious bathrooms and well-appointed living areas. The bathroom features a large shower and ample counter space. As other reviewers mentioned, they stock the bathroom with Aveda lotion, shampoo, conditioner and two types of bar soap. They also provide robes and slippers (which come in handy on the hardwood floors!). The thermostat is mounted on the wall, but the AC unit is located under the window. I had a hard time getting the room's temperature under 72 degrees. The restaurant has a small menu, but I really enjoyed their eggplant caprese salad (appetizer) and their house red was great too. I did order room service on several occasions, but the food was never as good as when I ate downstairs. They have a small workout room with two treadmills and elliptical machine and a weight machine. They also had a refrigerator with cold towels available. They hotel shuttle will take anywhere within a mile of the hotel, which can come in handy when an unexpected thunderstorm rolls in. The water in Sarasota is not drinkable, and I was delighted with the hotel's hydration station. Each room has a glass carafe that you can fill in the lobby. I was very comfortable during my stay, and would recommend Hotel Indigo to anyone traveling in the Sarasota area.
I am ambivalent. Some in our party loved it, some thought it was ok. I thought it was ok and I loved it. Good size room, wall of blown up green space I could have done without. Door across the hall SLAMMED shut at 2am when they came home. I heard everything the next morning with the gentleman next to us taking out the ironing board and ironing his clothing. Underground parking was nice. People in the bar at night / lobby area were kinda creepy (locals are not creepy I lived here for some time), very nice staff, coffee was mediocre in the am. Not sure what they spray in the hallways but they had a terrible odor at times. Rooms did NOT have the odor which was a good thing.
This is our second stay here, and it's a nice, relaxing hotel that I would recommend. It's relatively small at only 4 floors so it's pretty quiet. The decor is clean, modern-beachy with beautiful blown-up nature photos as murals in the rooms. There are no in-room minibars, but we do have a mini fridge this time in our 4th floor room. Our last stay on the 3rd floor had no fridge, so I suppose it depends on the room. (or perhaps by request?) There is a jacuzzi as well as a wading pool of equal size in the same area but no swimming pool. There are a couple tables and lounge chairs to lay out though. Small 24 hr gym that's clean and useful. There is a "hydration station" in a fountain in the lobby to get free water with the pitcher in your room, and wifi is free too - you get a password at check-in. Friendly front desk staff, and there's a restaurant/bar in the lobby too which is really convenient. I had the margherita pizza today, and it was actually pretty scrumptious! My vanilla latte was also tasty. Oh, and the rooms have nice, big glass showers!
I really really loved this hotel!   The decoration is so cute and relaxing.  They even put a healing music on a CD player when I arrived my room.  Pastel color door and walls.  Pineapple design bed sheets and granite counter top bathroom and glass door shower booth.   The only thing is that they did not have a fridge.  Everything else is excellent!
Hotel Indigo is excellent place to stay. The rooms were very clean, and tastefully decorated. The remainder of the hotel is also very beautiful. The restaurant and bar were great. We had breakfast there two mornings. We were visiting Sarasota and scouting vacation spots for an upcoming family vacation. Hotel Indigo was in a central part of Sarasota and about 10 minute drive from Lido beach and St. Armand's circle. It is about 25 minute drive from Anna Maria Island and about 15 minute drive from Siesta Key. This would be great place for business trip and just for some relaxation. However, I would caution it does not have any bay views. At least 10-15 minute walk from Sarasota bay front area.
Thank you for a wonderful experience for our 24th wedding anniversary weekend March 8-11, 2014! Special thanks to the front desk staff, Erica, Sandra, Mary, Dunia, and Julia the assistant GM, and Leslie the GM.  They all had an excellent disposition and went out of their way to welcome us and make us feel at home.  They did little extras to make our anniversary weekend one to remember.  It was truly appreciated. The chef Solomon takes pride in his food preparation and has an outstanding menu.  He is from New York and his generous portions reminded us of being in the big apple.  His homemade 3 inch thick cheesecake was a nice touch and delicious.  Adam was an excellent waiter. This is by far our favorite hotel in Sarasota, and we highly recommend it.  It is an elegant, clean, boutique hotel with a touch of class and great management.  We will be back for future special occasions.
Extremely friendly & helpful staff. Clean rooms. Great breakfast. Sexy shower. & really cozy bed. If I ever have to come back to Sarasota this is certainly where I'll be staying, with my hot boyfriend. Side note: A bunch of our friends stayed at the Ritz, they all complained about the rude staff & over priced drinks.
Nice room with large shower and clean smell. Great food. Obvious why the mushroom soup and cheesecake won first place in chef competition.
Hotel Indigo is a "boutique hotel" with eye-dazzling decor (huge blowups of blue-colored stuff found in nature), a convenient location, and friendly staff. So far, so good. On the other hand, the place charges for just about everything possible--$3.00 bottles of water in the room, $12.99 breakfast buffet, $5.00 beach cruiser bike rental--nothing is gratis, free or even reasonable.  The room was small (king-sized bed and couch, and an easy chair). Underground parking lot is free, which is a plus. Free, if slow, Wi-Fi. They pride themselves on being "green", which means you have to ask for fresh sheets and towels.  The people in the room above must have been practicing their dance routines--really poor sound insulation. But as just about every place in Sarasota is pricey, Hotel Indigo is in-line with it's competition.
I really liked the Hotel Indigo! I was in town for work during the frigid (in every other state but FL) month of January.  Per the suggestion of my client, we opted for the Hotel Indigo, and we were very pleased with the accommodations. Upon reading other yelp reviews, I noticed that Indigo is ranked as the #1 hotel in Sarasota.  Well, yes it deserves to be.  Upon arrival, hotel staff were very genial to us, providing us with room information, as well as local dining options.  While I'm a believer in yelp-before-you-eat, it's always great to hear local's suggestions. The rooms were great.  Hard-wood floors (yes, really), area rugs, comfortable beds, tons of pillows, and Aveda products.  The only thing that could potentially make this room better would be a view of the water.  Unfortunately, that's where poor Indigo is lacking.  But, I wouldn't let the view take away from staying here.  Sarasota is fairly easy to navigate, and you can be at the water in less than 5 minutes. I will definitely try Indigo again!
By far the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are beautiful and spacious, the staff was extremely nice and helpful and the whole place was super clean. My family and I will definitely be staying here again.
Cutest. Hotel. Ever. I stayed here one night on a business trip and was really impressed! (We don't usually stay in boutique hotels, but apparently at this time in the season it's the same price as our usual Hampton Inns/Embassy Suites) The entrance is a little strange - we almost passed it the first time we drove up... It looks like you're pulling in to the complex behind it.  The parking is also a little tricky, there's only a small underground garage. The rooms are adorable! The bathroom had a huge glass shower with a bench - sort of spa-like.  And the little toiletries were Aveda! The hotel van dropped us off for dinner, but we walked back since it was actually not too far from the downtown area. I only had a quick breakfast in the restaurant, but the service was quick and my breakfast sandwich was pretty good. If I'm ever in Sarasota for pleasure rather than business I would definitely consider this hotel!
I wish I had gotten to spend more than a single night here! Their moniker is appropriate as various shades of blue appear throughout this boutique. I love the decor here - like a modern, chic beach house. They even take extra steps to be eco-friendly. (For instance you have to have a hotel key card in this special module for the air conditioning to work - I guess so it's not running all the time while you're not there.) The service was fast and friendly and my room had everything I needed from a comfy bed to a big TV to free wifi. However, I had a few minor hang-ups. First of all, their address didn't show up in my TomTom so I had a little trouble finding the place. Then I had an issue with the bathroom but after I called the front desk, a maintenance guy promptly showed up to fix it. BOTTOM LINE: Can't wait to indi-GO here again! :P
A great hotel chain that also is at a nice area - within a short viewing and walking distance from the beach.  Everything inside and outside the room has a feel of beachside casual.  The room was spacious and luxuriously casual.  The bed was large and comfortable and the bathroom was contemporary with the doorless shower with that mosaic tile.  They even offer complimentary Aveda toiletries - a super plus in my book!   One minus - not sure what I think of the big mural of polished glass on the bed.  The blue colors added to the beach blue themed room, but I don't know a random mural would add to the elegance of the room. Great hotel - fond memories of passing out in bed after a super-busy wedding day.
What a great hotel! I love the decor, service was great, had everything one would want and more. I definitely will stay here again and recommend it to my friends. It's also very fairly priced.
No words to describe how impressed I am, but I will try... I went here to "shadow" the staff, as I just got hired at a different Indigo property. Let me just say, the start off... the General Manager, Leslie, is the sweetest, most personable GM I have ever met!!! I have been in the Hospitality business for years, have  Bachelor's degree in Hospitality, and am working on my Master's in it... and of all the places I have ever worked, interned, shadowed, etc. I have NEVER in my life seen a business where the staff meshes this well together.  Everyone backs eachother up, gets along, helps eachother, etc., and because of this, no one has any worries while at work.  They know that someone else will be there if they get too busy or  distracted, and everyone gets along amazingly.  Because of this, the overall morale of the hotel is a happy, upbeat, organized, and comfortable one. The rooms are amazingly spacious, modernly decorated, and as long as you ask for things, you will undoubtedly be treated like royalty.  Like I said, I was there to shadow the staff, and although it was purely at their disposable, EVERYONE on their staff took it as a compliment that I was there to observe them and get ideas, and were ALL pleased to show me around, show me their job, etc. I was there for 2 days, and Miguel, the Food & Beverage Supervisor toured me around the entire hotel, and willingly assisted me and guided me through the hotel, particularly the Food & Beverage areas.  The bar manager Claudia is also amazing, and the man behind it all i Aldo the chef.  As I said before, the GM Leslie is nothing aside from AWESOME. All in all, my experience with the actual property was flawless, the relaxation factor was fabulous, and I am 100% honest when I say that I was sad to leave, I wanted to stay with those poeple forever! I will MOST DEFINITELY be going back here several times, whenever the opportunity presents itself!
I think I expected a little bit more considering the phenomenal reviews posted here and on Tripadvisor about this hotel. I'm not entirely disappointed, but not terribly impressed either. The hotel is clean and the staff friendly. I find the restaurant to be overpriced and mediocre. I am shocked that they don't offer free coffee in the lobby like EVERY OTHER hotel on the entire planet. The fitness room is average, but very clean. My room is clean and modern - although the bathroom had a bad smell of urine when I checked in. The exhaust fan cleared that out after a bit. I really like the big, spacious shower -- they could improve upon it by putting a Holiday Inn Express showerhead in there (you would think that ICH would at least demand that one of their premium brands have better fixtures than their bargain brand).   The bed is comfortable and the air conditioning works well. Be aware that you can't leave the fan running all night long, so you may be awoken by the fan cycling on and off. The rooms feature a small refrigerator, but no microwave. There is also no washer/dryer available for guests in the hotel which is disappointing for travelers on a longer trip.
Cute hotel good price, and very clean. This is great place is your are looking for a cute hotel in Sarasota super clean , and friendly staff. They have a little cafe downstairs to get coffee, cereal and I believe order food for breakfast. Staff is very helpful, and rooms were very clean. * Honest hotel too I left my prada makeup bag in the lobby when I was leaving to go home. They kept it and are now maling it to me thanks !! Great customer service :)
The hotel is fine, clean, pleasant, with friendly and helpful staff. Though it's a little overpriced (my 'special rate' was $171 with taxes) and perhaps trying to be something it's not, it still has a small, mom-and-pop feel.  There's a very small pool in the back, near the strangely-designed entrance, but I didn't even go.  The beach wasn't far at all, and it's spectacular, so I chose that instead!  The staff was appropriately helpful, giving me change for the bus, printing out a bus schedule so I could get to the beach, and picking me up and taking me to the airport. Kathryn is right when she said the restaurant needs serious improvement.  In fact, that's a huge understatement.  My hamburger looked and tasted like it had been decommissioned from a 1980s Wendy's TV commercial, flash-frozen, and defrosted just before I ordered.  And it was served on toast.  The shock and disparity was the same as if you had, say, gone to Subway and received a tasty sandwich with delicious pesto and burrata on a Balthazar baguette.  I'm scarcely exaggerating, it was downright disgusting.  This part of the hotel needs some major attention.
I really like this hotel! As a tourist destination there are many hotels in the area. The Indigo is not on the water and you won't hear the waves crashing on the beach at night. What you will get is a well appointed room, nice surroundings,  excellent customer service and a reasonable room rate. The beach is only 10 minutes across the bridge. Enjoy!
Our first visit to Sarasota and we were very pleased with our stay at Indigo. This cute little hotel is only two years old. The décor is fresh and the hot and cold jacuzzis are clean and open to the night sky. Service is excellent and so is the breakfast buffet. We would come again and again.
We were just popping in and out of Sarasota quickly and I found this place on Yelp and gave it a whirl. My husband and I were really impressed with how attractive the decor was at this hotel. It felt very modern and casual and Florida. Our room was gorgeous! Great decor, very spacious, and an amazing bathroom w/ a walk-in shower and A+ water pressure (so important to me). The TV was not a flat screen, but it was large and the picture quality was great so no complaints. The parking and internet were both free, yeah! I would recommend this place to adults and business travelers. This is not a place that caters to children, in fact we didn't see a single child within blocks of the hotel. There is a 24 hour gym and a tiny wading pool which is great for adults passing through, but nothing that would appeal to families on vacation. We booked ahead through their web site and were able to get the room for $129 + tax, which I think is a great bargain. The only downside and reason why this is 4 star instead of 5 star is the food and drink. The bar is extremely small and doesn't have much selection. And the food didn't look appealing, so we passed on that altogether. But there are plenty of restaurant, bar, and delivery options available in the area. We definitely plan on staying at this hotel again. The price is good, the room is great, and the location is convenient and close to downtown.
This is a great place to stay, but the restaurant needs some serious imporvement.  Eat somewhere else. Oterwise, my experience here has been just about as good as the one in Atlanta, whcih you can read about here:   yelp.com/biz/kTFyG0netgk…
This would have been worth 4-5 star rating in the price range listed on Yelp ($$), but now they have priced themselves in line with the Hyatt on the beach.  When I mentioned my surprise to the man at reservations (who picked up right away, a real person!) he immediately launched into Trip Advisors supposed rating of the Hyatt at # 17 and their rating of #1 so we thought we'd try it.  I'm just not sure now it was in the same category. Their "wading pool" was so small it was pretty much a joke, we actually burst out laughing when we saw it.   We did like the charm and overall feel of the hotel. The room was large and clean.  The staff was very friendly and we ended up eating dinner at the hotel.  Being from Maryland we should have known better than to order the crab cakes which were just ok. The in-room refrigerators were loud and previous reviewers comments that the hallways were loud is true.  We were so tired though that it didn't keep us up. Would come back if their rates went down.  At $300+ p/night w taxes, we'll go somewhere else.  Sorry.
This is a great hotel experience. The staff could not have been friendlier. The location is perfect, walking distance to downtown which is close by, and the rooms are done nicely. I stayed in January and had never been to Sarasota before. I got great recommendations from the staff about restaurants, and a cool print out of the neighborhoods to explore.  The food in the restaurant was very good. Very clean, great bathroom with spa shower, Aveda products, and eco friendly vibe which I liked. Erika at the front desk was very helpful, and the shuttle will run you locally within a mile of the hotel and the downtown restaurants, shopping and activities. They can also pick you up at the airport in the shuttle. It was cold for January or I would of done the pool and jacuzzi (it was outside). There is a gym and business center. I will definitely come back to Indigo and Sarasota!!!!
The service and accommodations at this hotel are great.  For the price the rooms are really nice and clean.  The staff was unbelievably helpful -- we stayed there for a wedding, and when the wedding shuttle bus was 45 minutes late picking us up, the hotel shuttle took us there on a dime.  They also have cruiser bikes you can rent for the day for cheap - $10/day or $5/half day.  All-in-all my experience there was top-notch. The location is great if you want to be in downtown Sarasota -- it's walking distance to a ton of shops, restaurants, Marina Jacks and other stuff.  I
Woo hoo! We loved this hotel! We stayed here in March 2010 and it was so wonderful! First of all, we loved the decor! It's so hip and fun. There are large, full-color pictures of fruit and flowers on almost every wall - which is so unique. That being said, even my grandparents liked it :) The rooms smell of cookies and lemons. The beds were huge, loaded with cute pillows and soft, silky sheets. The employees were extremely helpful and provided us with great recommendations. I enjoyed the small work-out room and taking a dip in the pool, too. The free wifi was a nice touch, too, after having to pay for wifi at several other hotels! The restaurant downstairs was fresh and delicious, by the way!  We ate there twice (for breakfast and for lunch). I travel a lot and I have been to many, many hotels and motels -- and let me say, this one was excellent.
Excellent stay, includes all what you could expect from a great Boutique Hotel! We will keep coming back!
I'm giving this hotel 3 stars. The hotel room was clean and the service was good. I asked for more towels and shampoo and they brought it to me within 5 minutes. The bed thing is the small parking garage but it is free parking so that makes up for it. The noise outside the room was the worst thing. I could hear every person going down the hall talking at all hours day and night. I don't know if that can be fixed but it kept me up. The AC is very loud in the room too. It woke me up every time it turned on.
Normally this place would have received four stars from me, but you'll find out why it didn't... The hotel looks and feels very clean, it's got a slick Miami-type style decor. The rooms were decent size, the beds were comfortable, and the bathroom had an intriguing design - very spa-like... I didn't experience the restaurant, but had great service from the front desk. Location is good, close proximity to Downtown, Longboat/Lido, airport, New College/USF, etc... Only thing I have an issue with is their pricing. While it's one of the 'newer' hotels in the Downtown area, it's not on the water, doesn't offer scenic views, has a miniature pool, and parking can be horrendous. (I was looking for a hotel room in Sarasota back in April, and Indigo was the same price as the Hyatt - which is across the street, on the water, and has more of a resort/luxury feel.) If this place was around $50 cheaper a night, I'd consider it worthy of 4 - maybe even 5 stars...
Very clean, friendly staff and decent location. All that being said it still felt like something was missing. Maybe it was the city, my mood, or maybe the hotel is just a step below??? Great free parking, fresh water and tea and fast wifi are all a plus. Nothing negative to say, just not 5 stars.
Loved this place! Read the reviews and they were so-so but it looked so cute I booked anyways, glad I did. The hotel was centrally located if you wanted to go to Siesta or Lido Key... wasnt a far drive to any place we wanted to eat, drink or the beach. Hotel was super clean, staff excellent. The underground parking garage was nice, especially in the rain. Loved the hot and cold tubs, the bar area and breakfast. The room was nicely decorated and very comfy... lots of pillows/towels, the robes were a nice touch. Loved the spa shower and especially the Aveda products. Nice big fridge in room and plently of space. The 2nd day the maids made us swans and a heart out of the towels, was cute, made us smile. I reccomend this place to anybody staying in Sarasota, Id definately stay here again.
The heating/ac system is so earsplittingly loud that I could not go back to the Indigo. Need a quiet, restful nights sleep. EG
Hotel fine. Breakfast service slooow.  Has some quirks - like a "phitness center" (left over from an old name for the hotel - Phi something) and the photo mosaic wall has legible placement numbers that show through from the back side.  No pool - just a hot tub area.
Very clean - extremely important;  Courteous and helpful Staff.  First let me say I enjoyed my stay.  I have no major complaints.  The room was a comfortable size and I loved the bathrobe. The bed was hard, I don't mean firm, which made it difficult to sleep. The hotel rates and prices on all services are over priced and if you can avoid eating there do so.  I could see the hallway through the crack in my door, the lobby was so loud during an event I couldn't hear the staff I was speaking to.  The grilled chicken sandwich (tasty) I ordered looked like two chicken nuggets on a huge roll.  I would stay there again only if someone else picks up the tab.
Cute hotel with a beach house feel. Staff was nice and service was great. Room was clean. Mattress in the bed isn't quite as comfy as I was expecting but manageable. Pool was tiny but a good to relax. Don't expect to be able to swim in it.
I've gotten to the point where I feel like spending a bit extra when booking a trip is completely justifiable, just to be sure I'm not sleeping on invisible filth. Maybe that's the OCD talking, but it led me to check out this hotel a few years ago, and I've been back several times. Indigo isn't just worth the extra money for their cleanliness, it's the totally pleasant and inviting atmosphere. The Sarasota location in particular (I've been to 3, and this one is by far the best) has such sweet staff members with impeccable attention to detail. The rooms are spacious, immaculately clean, and everything smells wonderful. The employees truly seem happy to be working here, which makes all the difference in the world. There's also a hot tub, free parking, and 24/7 gym - really nice touches. The spa showers are wonderfully relaxing, the king sized beds are impossibly comfortable. And such genuinely nice people! My absolute favorite hotel, by far.
Is the indigo losing its edge? We pay for and expect a somewhat superior experience at a boutique. We are not first timers so were disappointed by the condescending attitude of the young man at check-in, surprised that not even a small complimentary bottle of water was offered on our arrival in this hot climate (even Hilton Garden Inn does this), complete lack of even a scrap of paper to write on in the room, no writing implement and, really annoying , one bar of soap for two of us to share between shower and sink, an amenity offered by even the cheapest hotels. Were we at a Days Inn this kind of service would be more understandable.
simply gorgeous
