I have been to the Cottage Grill,several times. Lunch is a wonderful experience.Their daily Specials Are Worth Trying. Atmosphere is semi casual. The place looks small,yes. Probably due to being situated on a large parking lot. Never a problem with finding a parking space : ) Don't hesitate,to try this place. The food is EXCEPTIONAL! The Staff/Service is OUTSTANDING! And the Chef/s, Creations, OMG!! To my Surprise and Delight, the mouthwatering Desserts are prepared by, a one of their in house Staff. Who happened to also provide the Waiting Service. For our table. Everything is very well coordinated. A well run establishment. Prices are mid range. Definitely, WELL WORTH TRYING! They also serve Dinner. Hope you get an OPPORTUNITY TO TRY, their Yellow Peas and Ham Soup. YES, YELLOW PEA AND HAM SOUP!(No Typo,)Was informed location. Prepared, Fresh on the Premises! ENJOY!!
Outstanding small restaurant. Courteous employees, great food selections, nicely decorated. We'll stop back her a few times a month.
Put this our favorite place to eat.  My husband and I both had the summer salad.  His was with chicken, mime was with grilled shrimp.  They were full of fresh green, strawberries, blur berries, Mandarin oranges, dried apricots topped with a few blackberries and Asian ginger dressing.  And the service was e excellent.
Kind of a "regular" at The Cottage now, such a great place because it's cozy, casual, nicely decorated and serves out of this world food in the style of high caliber restaurants. Taste, presentation & courses but, NOT the "cute & tiny " pricey type portions. Big, generous servings & value!Varied cuisine menu - all delicious & fresh! You'll love it.
The reason the parking lot is always full at The Cottage is because it is a GREAT place to eat!   The food is delicious.  Homemade and fresh.  I wish I could pick just one thing to rave about - but there are just so many truly great selections.  The brisket is melt in your mouth good, the liver & onions is so much better than your mother ever made (sorry mom!) and the hamburgers are always just right.  The homemade soups are served with everything - how cool is that?!  I can't begin to list everything!  But, did I mention the pickled beets?  Bob shared how he makes them - but why risk trying when I can get them at The Cottage! So much for the food - let's talk about the owners and staff.  There couldn't be a nicer bunch of people.  They make you feel like family. You have to try this place - it's the best!
A true hidden gem. The food is consistently amazing every time I go in. The atmosphere is semi casual with a relaxed vibe and the menu is an amazing collection of flavorful selections. The wings are incredible they recently changed the recipe to reflect wings from my hometown Syracuse,NY so that was a huge surprise! The Cottage Grill is not a place to pass up and its location in no way indicates the quality and experience inside. Truly a gem in the area.
Awesome food and impeccable service. I got the fish sandwhich with fresh fruit and homemade meatball soup. Well worth the stop from Miami to Vero Beach.
Fantastic little treasure we sat in the garden area the food was delicious one of our favourite stops! Whether you have an appetizer taco salad hi chicken salad pasta with seafood taste fresh homemade and it's well worth a visit.
Have never had a bad meal here.  Best hamburgers in town.  The soups are homemade and fresh. Have known the owners and wait staff for years.  Always friendly service.  Like going out to dinner at a friend's home.
This place was so unexpectedly awesome! We went in at about 3:30 and most of the booths had people at them, but service was quick and friendly! The menu had lots of different things to choose from, including a few specialty dishes. I got a taco salad & my boyfriend got the daily special which was a baked mac'n cheese with veggies in it. We both also had bowls of gazpacho soup, which was delicious. The food had a great presentation as well! I also ordered a root beer float, which wasn't on the menu, but the waitress made me one and was awesome about it :) We will definitely be back - a new favorite place in Port Saint Lucie!
We were very pleased, not only with the food, but also with the service, cleanliness and atmosphere at The Cottage Grill. The menu is extensive, with great specials every day. The prices are reasonable for the amount of food served. They also serve wine & beer!
This location has housed a number of restaurants, but Cottage Grill seems to have staying power. For good reason. I've given it full marks because it is just what it pretends to be, a good local restaurant for everyday, or at least once-a-week, dining. The food is well-prepared and there is lots of variety. Much of it is in the "home-cooking" realm, such as liver and onions, but there are a few exotic selections as well. The lunch specials menu always has about 10 widely diverse choices and there is a large menu as well. Most come with side dishes, which are top-notch. The foods always seem fresh and well-prepared. Every meal comes with soup, and don't skip it. My favorite is the cold gazpacho, made and served perfectly for my tastes. On a whim on the last visit, I ordered onion rings as a side and shared them with my two companions. We agreed they were the best any of us had ever tasted. Made from scratch. On top of that, the service is perhaps some of the best in the city. At least 3 of the wait staff have been there since it opened (or shortly thereafter). They are not only efficient but delightfully, and sincerely, cheerful. It can be a bit crowded at lunch during the winter season, but waits are usually brief and well worth it. Reservations are suggested for large groups.
Nice location, love the decor, but the food was just okay.  Nothing spectacular....I was hoping for more.
Just found this place while driving.  It was a great find! $8.95 lunch special includes soup, wrap, fruit cup, side (fries, potato salad, pasta salad, onion rings).  It's almost too much to eat! And the food was excellent.  However, today anyway, the onion rings were greasy.
Food was delicious and our waitress was very nice. Prices were reasonable and the portions were ...we'll let me just say that we left there stuffed. There were four homemade soups on the menu of whichW we tried - yellow split pea with ham and the Italian meatball - both were delicious. For an appetizer we had crab stuffed mushrooms;  the suturing had a good amount of crab meat, and was quite tasty.   We had a great meal and a very nice time there.  We all agreed we would go back again and we would recommend to friends and family
How wonderful to find a restaurant if this calibre on Route 1 Port St Lucie! The decor, food and establishment really 'get it all' and It truly is a diamond in the rough. Nice menu selections, evening specials and fair prices. Definite thumbs up and must try!
Great place for lunch or dinner. Yeah this year isrelaxing Florida with friendly, professional service. They have a diverse menu of all time favorites and some additional twists. Once you come in one time, you'll definitely comeback!
What a gem! Service was fantastic! We were there for lunch ordered the tuscan wrap and ceasar wrap. Onions rings were delish. Top it iff with the best cheesecake ever PINA COLADA dont pass this up. You will be pleased that you gave this place a try.
I went here on Sunday with my mom to celebrate her new job. Wonderful service, friendly waitress, AWESOME food. And nice looking bar! (though we didn't sit there)
this is one of our favorite locally owned places to eat. The wait staff are friendly, the food is home style, homemade cooking.  The meat loaf is excellent and the turkey dinner is just like a Thanksgiving meal.  If you want good food this place has it.
Great restaurant with a great atmosphere.  Food was very good with home cooked appeal.  I bring my business partners here when in town.
I had such great hopes!!! Can I please find a descent restaurant in Port St Lucie??? The restaurant is very cute inside and everyone was very friendly but....I ordered split pea soup. I received clam chowder. When I was getting ready to place my dinner order, the waitress disappeared for 15mins!!!! I ordered a simple caesar salad with chicken....croutons and dressing on the side. You know what I got? Chicken on the side and dressing and croutons on the salad. The whole meal was a disaster. Like I said, staff was very nice but I doubt I will be back. I give this place less than 6 months unfortunately.
We have known the owners of this restaurant for many years. When they had Zapata's in this same location we ate there frequently, then followed them to the current location north on US 1, and then when they came back to this location to open their latest endeavor. My entire family has eaten, eats here, together and separately, and will continue to return. The staff treats you like family and serves you just the same. The food has never let us down, always fresh and homemade......no "cut the bag open" and pour it onto the plate here. If you are going to eat here be ready for a home cooked meal. Worth stopping in.
Always Great! probably the best in town for a versatile menu.
Haven't found ANY place in Florida with better food than this place. The owners take a lot of pride in what they put down in front of you and wait staff treat you like family.
