Go to Ocean's. The food is fresh off the boat . Everything I have had there has been awesome. I've only been to NSB once but after I went there, I went back for lunch everyday. I will be going back to NSB simply because of this place. If you don't go to Ocean's, you're doing it wrong.
I can understand a lot of the reviews from vacationers in town for a week or two that have been deprived of fresh seafood or any kind of seafood and this vacation is their one opportunity to grab as much as they can.  But as a local I am amazed by the reviews that states this is fresh right off the boat seafood. I have made several attempts to like this place and ignore the smell and do business locally. Fresh Seafood Markets do not smell like fish folks when I walk in here and I'm overwhelmed with the fishy smell masked by bleach I automatically have concern with the freshness of the product. A short walk from the door to the seafood case is all you need to figure it out. I can"t believe people sit in here and ignore the stench while eating. I was looking for some fresh shrimp today so I decided to give Ocean's another try, first of all the "state of origin" identifies where the seafood is coming from no local caught shrimp right off the boat here today. Today's fresh catch is right off the boat or aqua farm then froze in Belize, Argentina, Mexico and Guatemala. I did see a few jumbo shrimp from the Gulf of Mexico via Mexico. I ask the young woman if they have any fresh never frozen shrimp today she stated " all our shrimp come in frozen" I was a little surprised by that and ask if from time to time do they get fresh shrimp she nodded no. Then without any prodding she added "these shrimp here are phosphate free". Below is an article I found after finding that most of the imported shrimp offered were treated with phosphates interesting but depressing. I am sure Ocean's is not the only local supplier of imported seafood that peddles this verse fresh caught right off our coast. "Sodium tripolyphosphate can improve the appearance of seafood like shrimp and scallops, there is some concern that unscrupulous salespeople may sell products that are not fresh to consumers who cannot see the signs that the items have started to go bad. Although it cannot be used specifically for this purpose, this chemical also holds in water, making the seafood heavier and therefore more expensive. Some food quality experts recommend asking a fishmonger or other salesperson for seafood that has not been treated with this chemical. Some stores will mark products that have not been exposed to STPP as "dry." I am sorry I live in Florida where I can see shrimp boats trawling off the local beaches why can't I buy these local caught shrimp locally? Trust me looking at the prices of the imported shrimp its not a selling price issue they sure weren't any cheaper for the imports than the local shrimp I purchased elsewhere. If we quit buying the imported treated seafood they will start selling fresh local caught seafood like they used to it is available.
I thought the atmosphere was kinda dinky when I first walked in. Seafood counter on one side kitchen on the other.  I thought it was neat that you could buy fish on one side and then have  the kitchen prepare it for you there!!!Food, although served in a styrofoam container, was delicious! I also brought my 2 year old, very family friendly. Ate the special, red snapper in a parm basil cream sauce. Cooked perfectly, seasoned great, sides, broccoli and roasted red potatoes- amazing as well!! The dinner was $16.99, kinda steep for 3 average size fish filets, but again taste was good over all.
I'm not a seafood person, but the people I was with wanted to go here. I had a blackened chicken sandwich with a three bean salad side. It was good and juicy. It comes with a slice of Romaine, tomato, onion and a spear of pickle. The bun is good quality. You have a choice of sides...fries, cole slaw, three bean salad. My friends had peel and eat shrimp and loved it.  You order at counter and they bring food to your table. They have a deli counter with dips and seafood items to go. Great service.
Love this place..always consistently serving awesome meals. Priced right and fresh fresh fresh!! Unlike its neighbor Norwoods you get a great meal at a great price!
Somehow, just being near a beach makes me crave seafood.  FRESH seafood.  This how we came across a very highly recommended spot called Ocean's Seafoods Market and Restaurant.  We were warned, however, that they specialize more in the fresh seafood takeout department more than really being a restaurant.  While this was probably true, we still enjoyed a decent seafood meal. As I said, this place is first and foremost more of a market.  The kind of market if I lived at the beach and dined on seafood 24/7 this is where I would be.  A seafood department bigger, better and fresher than anything you will find at Whole Foods.  But I am not writing about the market, this is about the restaurant. We placed our order at the counter and then chose a table in the small dining area and waited.  And waited.  It was a little bit of a long wait for just a couple of sandwiches. Chad ordered the blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich.  Served on a sourdough bun with lettuce, tomato, onion and a side of both tarter and cocktail sauce.  The kitchen did not skimp on the portion- there was enough Mahi Mahi for two sandwiches.  The fish was blackened perfectly and cooked well- really nothing to complain about here. I ordered the Grilled Grouper sandwich.  I should have ordered it blackened because it was lacking of any flavor.  I am not even sure if the fillet was even seasoned.  Very bland.  The sandwich was served with a side of coleslaw which I added to the fish, thus making it a little more full of flavor. However, this is not a place I would automatically write off.  I would visit again but this time order the fried Ipswich clams (bellies included!) or the oyster sandwich.  There isn't a huge selection of prepared seafood but I think it is definitely worth another shot.  I read too many great reviews and recommendations to give up on this place that easily.  However, for what we did have, three and a half out of five sprouts.
My husband, sis, and sis' boyfriend stopped by here on the way to New Smyrna beach. I was super excited to get to the beach (being from landlocked Dallas) but equally excited to have some fresh seafood :) Of course I made sure to check Yelp to see what you guys recommended and I'm so glad I did! Thanks for having good taste, guys :P Anyway, the place is divided into 2- fresh fish to take home to cook and cooked food to eat inside. The restroom was a bit peculiar as it was behind a bamboo door (reminds me of my native Philippines lol) but this place is definitely more mom-and-pop so its all good. Nothing fancy, for sure. I ordered blackened mahi-mahi with fries and a caesar salad; hubby got the snapper sandwich with fries (we both split a key lime pie). Our fish was amaaaaaaaaaazing :) That's really all I was concerned with; how do you mess up fries and salad? (They didn't). The only thing a little 'off', in my opinion, was the key lime pie. It tasted a bit weird. Oh, and the price is right!! Roughly $10 a plate and you get a ton of food. I dig it. Enjoy this stop on the way to the beach!
This is a very casual small place to eat or do take out and is by far some of the best seafood around! Everything on the menu is fantastic! If you want some great takeout this is the place to go !
Restaurant: I've tried the grilled mahi sandwich, fried grouper, grilled flounder and crab cakes, nothing has disappointed me yet! Everything is always fresh and cooked perfectly. The key lime pie is fantastic, since I'm always stuffed from the entree I get a slice to go home! The prices are reasonable and the portion size is generous, especially for seafood. I can't recommend this place enough!
Casual decor but food was great.  Had the crab cake sandwich and rest of gang had fish basket and fish and chips. Can't oh wrong.  The atmosphere of the joint was a bit reserved.
I am from the Chicago land area, but every time I visit NSB, Ocean's is my first stop. Great deal on amazing seafood. I have tried most restaurants in the NSB area and none of the food even compares to Ocean's. I highly recommend this place, if you don't stop in you are missing out.
The fish and chips were so good! Everything is made fresh to order. My wife ordered the peel and eat em shrimp and onion rings. The onion rings needed some help, they weren't the same breading at the fish, which was disappointing. Overall I would def go back again.
Wonderful, inexpensive seafood restaurant.   The food is fresh, correctly cooked and delicious.  The ambience is very casual. Hell, you eat off Styrofoam to go boxes.  The only reason I didn't give five stars was because I felt the help was a bit standoffish. Not by any means mean or bad, just standoffish.  If you are in NSB,  make sure you eat here at least once.
I am now a fan of everything Ocean's.  The Ocean eleven movies, the ocean itself, and this wonderful restaurant/seafood market we found thanks to Yelp! The seafood here is ridiculously fresh and ginormous.  It's like they just threw the shrimp right from the ocean into the fryer!  I had the shrimp, scallops, and catch of the day combo.  OH...MY...GOODNESS!  The shrimp were HUGE and cooked perfectly!  The scallops were so juicy and plump!  The catch of the day was the swordfish and it was delicious!  My brother had the fish and chips.  Their fish and chips were probably the best we ever had.  The batter and the fish itself melt in your mouth.  I am still salivating thinking of the food here.   The service here is quick service style.  Order at the counter and wait at a table.  The lady running the joint wasn't too pleasant but I'm sure she feels she doesn't need to be with the way the lines were and the way their food tastes.   There really is no atmosphere, as it is just what it seems: a fresh seafood market/restaurant.  The tables are all mismatched with chairs and look like patio furniture collected from various sources.  The place is strictly about the fresh seafood so don't come here for a romantic date!  If anything, get something to go and bring it right down to beautiful New Smyrna Beach.
Always great fresh seafood daily. Served up promptly and delivered to your table or you can opt to take it with you either to the beach or home. Oceans has a very casual relaxed atmosphere and your order will be delivered in styrofoam containers whether you're eating there or taking it out. If you're looking for fancy, this isn't that place but there are plenty of tables and indoor seating available. Of course, the seafood is always fresh and they know how to prepare it properly.  Close to home for me, Oceans remains one of my local seafood faves. "Life's too short for bland food, bad wine, weak coffee or cheap whiskey." RS
We got some fish at their market to cookout twice on our stay here, Red Snapper and Wahoo. The fish was  extremely fresh and the service was outstanding. We did not have a chance to dine in but I do not see how you could go wrong here for fresh seafood.
Food is good, ambience is spartan, service is spotty, a little pricey given the styrofoam plates and cups and plastic utensils. Blackened grouper was excellent; key lime pie was not. Over-rated by our fellow Yelpsters. Best for carry-out.
Our first day on Spring Break and we stopped here for fresh seafood.  We went over and got the smoked fish and crackers for an appetizer.  The smoked fish was light and fluffy.  My step-daughter loved it as she gets it at a lot of restaurants. My wife and I had the grouper sandwich (I had the fried and wife grilled). The fish was fresh and delicious.  The batter was perfect with fresh lettuce and tomato. I had a side of onion rings that were homemade. My wife's grilled grouper was perfectly grilled, not over grilled.  She had the cole slaw and it was good.  The sauces were both homemade - I thought the cocktail was amazing.  My step daughter got the grilled Mahi and it was perfect.  She said it was flaky and firm.  The grand kids got the chicken fingers which were homemade chicken strips battered and fried. It was wonderful.  We were disappointed that they were out of the key lime pie, but my granddaughter and I will be back for a slice!
visiting from Chicago, I'd spent the day at the beach with the fam when we all agreed that fresh seafood was the best late lunch solution. after doing a yelp search and asking a couple of other beach goers, we'd decided on Ocean's. man, was that an excellent choice!   sure, the place isn't a fancy fine dining restaurant but what it may lack in engaging interior design it more than makes up for in the fresh, fantastic fish. our table's order consisted of my blackened mahi-mahi sandwich, fried fish basket, a grilled grouper sandwich, onion rings, and even my anti-fish sister's chicken salad sandwich. every single one of us was impressed and satisfied. the seasoning on mine was perfect. all of it was fresh tasting and the portions are generous (the chicken salad sandwich was gigantic). and of course we got the key lime pie. I will certainly be back here the next time I'm in town.
"The Sea was angry that day my friends" - George Constanza ( American thinker ) Upon arriving at Ocean's Seafoods Beachside we were greeted with the fish counter and the to-go counter engaging in a bit of a what we believed to be a "fish tussle". At some point during the day before our arrival at Ocean's I feel as if there was an attempted Coup D'etat that may have been thwarted by the  matron ruling the eat in section of the restaurant. Now , denied after their grasp for power had been squashed we arrived to the surliest bunch of "fish folk" I've ever had the displeasure to be around. The matron now fully ensconced in the hour of her discontent and the "fish crew" mired in the depths of anger, made for an incredibly unwelcoming ambiance. Now let's get to the meal. The ordering process as you can imagine was compromised by the Matron's entirely horrible mood. She projected a "please don't talk to me vibe" so we actually wandered over to the fish counter only to be told "order from her, you don't get that here" At OCEANS "the customer is always wrong" would maybe be a good new slogan for them? We stumbled through the process and when the bill was presented.....I was sort of like WTF and she was like SMH and I was like OMG and she was like BRB and I was like....you get the joke.......it was just not fun at all to deal with this human. I also think they charge too much but that's just me expecting to pay Non NYC or LA prices when I'm visiting anywhere else so I can shut up on that end. $73 bucks for a really mediocre lunch accented by Diet Dr. Pepper seems like a hustle to me. Oh wait......it is a hustle , why am I giving these people 2 stars anyway?!?! 2 grilled grouper sandwiches , 1 grilled mahi-mahi sandwich , 1 fried mahi-mahi sandwich. Straight ahead right? I was fully prepared to let the food erase everything that had lead up to the food though. Nothing like a great meal to just put you in a great mood. Yes , we have no bananas........ that wasn't about to happen. The meal was average at best. I've had better seafood in Iowa and the last time I checked Iowa wasn't next to an ocean. The really kicker came though when it was time to leave. We had about an hours drive ahead of us so I wanted to use the restroom. Entering the rear of the establishment made all mysteries about the tussle disappear. The people , ruled by their evil queen of fish were forced to work in Dickens like squalor. I've known sweatshops to be cleaner and happier than this restaurant. The toilets were "Calcutta bus station" filthy , as was the kitchen and every other behind the scenes area. If this was LA their cleanliness grade would be no higher than a C. A....C PEOPLE......you remember what a C was in high school right? That was the grade that portended a future in gas pumping. The back was vile and the mood of the employees fit the restaurant to a tee. OCEANS SEAFOOD......buy some bleach and clean the joint up a bit. They should rename the place COSTANZA'S ANGRY SEAFOOD I leave you to visit at your own risk. Maybe when you arrive there will be peace i the land and it'll be clean that day. Neither conditions existed when we ate there. yours, MOWO!™
Fresh fish everyday and real grouper - always. I'm a very picky fish eater. If its not fresh I can not eat it. Never frozen, Ocean's always delivers quality fish. Love the Grouper, Red Snapper. It't a hole in the wall fish joint. Blackened Grouper Sandwich is my go to and it comes with a pickle, which makes my day.
I have eaten there twice now while working in the area and the seafood is really fresh. I've had the combo platter both times and they give you a lot of food. The only issue I have is with the lady that takes your order at the register, she is probably the rudest person I've encountered at a restaurant. On my first visit she made it very clear to a group of people that they should make up their mind and order because they close in 15 minutes. A group of 7 people ! They got up and left. My second visit was today and she rudely made a comment about a family moving two tables together so they could a sit  together as a family and enjoy their food. It embarrassed me and I was just standing in line. The food is great but I would hire a new cashier to take the orders of people that are on vacation and pay top dollar for fresh seafood .
I'm from Massachusetts and loved this place!  The prices were great and the portions were huge. The quality and freshness were top notch, as was the service. We will be back next time we are in NSB!
This was a great stop.  It is small, local and full of fresh fish.  The restaurant area shares a large room with the retail fish counter.  It is simple and unpretentious, instead concentrating on fresh, high quality food.  Is this a great choice for a romantic meal? No.  Is it a great choice for a family for lunch?  Absolutely.
I thought I would never find fish and chips that rival the UK. I was wrong. Wow. Excellent.  Bring your own malt vinegar.
Grilled mahi is great. Vegi pasta lots of broccoli etc but bit soggy. Really inexpensive quality fish.
So we have been coming to NSB for 6 yrs & we always go to the same places we like. So we went on yelp & decided to try some new ones. Ok. So parking lot is small. The tables are outside patio tables. You seat yourself then go up to counter to order. The little bit of service you get was friendly. But the food... We got the combo platter, the portion for the price was good but it was too greasy for us. Yes you can have fried & it not be too greasy. They cooked it good. The scallops were large & tender in the middle the shrimp were ok & the grouper was good. I got steamed shrimp not much to say about that. The key lime pie was excellent! But everything comes to you in styrofoam even if you eat in. All I kept thinking of as everyone threw away tones of styrofoam was the poor polar bears are dieing by the second. They need to find a way to recycle it if they are going to use so much. I mean come on Publix is right behind them & they have a styrofoam recycle bin. We will continue to try new places but not this one any time soon. I guess we should have gotten the blackened grouper line everyone else did. Oh... The back was so dirty & stinky. Don't use the restroom if you want to keep your appetite. My 3 yr old came out from the back holding her nose.
The food was good. I had the shrimp dinner and they were cooked perfectly. The cashier could have been a bit nicer as she was probably tired, but none the less it was tasty. I also didn't think I would be sitting on lawn furniture on the inside. I would say that's pretty tacky. Nothing screams tacky than items that belong outside are inside...
Stopped in for lunch during work after checking Yelp for a good rating. I don't see where all the great ratings are coming from. I had a blackened Mahi sandwich and cole slaw.Food was average at best and kinda bland. Bathrooms were dirty and lady working the counter needed a better personality.
Very fresh grouper and clams. Shrimp was good too. Key lime pie still doesn't taste like down in the keys. Very good overall.
We discovered Ocean's on a recommendation from a friend and haven't been disappointed.  We've been for lunch several times and you can't go wrong with the fried grouper sandwich and with the fries and slaw you won't leave hungry.  The items we've seen on their board for dinner also sound excellent so that may be another endeavor. Since it's a fresh seafood market as well, the dining area is limited so you may have to wait a bit depending on when you go but it's worth it.  We've also purchased mussels from their market a couple of times and they've always been great.
We live in NSB and frequent every eating place around.  Oceans Seafood is our favorite place for quick, fresh seafood at the very best prices.  Perfect every single time, we eat at Oceans about five times a month. Our best meal there is the fried fish basket. Perfect breading on tender fried fish pieces with more fresh cut French fries than you can eat. A small cup of cole slaw is served along with it that is not too sweet but just right. During the prime lunch hours the place is busy and full of people.  If you wait until 2 pm or so the wait is short and there are plenty of tables open.  There is nothing fancy about Oceans, the atmosphere is very casual and really happy.  The staff is great and greets each customer with a smile.  Oceans Seafood is a must for anyone in the area.  You miss out on a great meal if you miss Oceans.
Old restaurant, not very nice inside. Some side items were large portions (fries, rice, pasta salad), some were small (coleslaw). Meals were decent, not great. I got the blackened platter and didn't like the flavor. Family liked their shrimp, fish, and burger.
I'm leaving a star because you can't leave less...getting past the rotten fish smell in the parking lot, not a big deal. It's really understandable, they have waste like any other establishment. The smell inside was absolutely unbearable. I can't believe that anyone could eat there, buy seafood from there, or work there. Yellowfin tuna is such a beautiful piece of fish, the filet mignon of the sea, the one on display should have been called gray fin tuna, no question about the fact it had been there well past it's time, if there was a question the smell would have been a deciding point. I left gagging & retching. This was a total embarrassment to local fish mongers, which are a dying breed. I was very excited to try this place & very disappointed in their lack of concern for the consumers like me trying to keep local businesses alive :-(
Before I walked into Ocean's, I read a couple of the other reviews and got a chuckle at the comments about the owner's grumpy attitude. She was a bit grumpy, but who cares; the food rocks. This place has first class seafood. Over the course of my family's stay in NMB, we ate here twice. The key lime pie is also amazing. This place is a winner.
If you were looking for a place blaring a flat Jimmy Buffett cover artist, you would likely not be in New Smyrna Beach.  Also, if you are searching on Yelp, I can already assume you are looking for good food, maybe even a place that reflects the out of the way history of this lazier cousin of Daytona Beach.  Here at Oceans you will find no pretension, or tension either for that matter.  There aren't many tables, so enjoy meeting the locals and chatting through lunch.  They will be impressed that you chose this place over one that sells T-Shirts first and food second.  Or, if you are shy, take your Styrofoam containers to go and eat your seafood seaside, though sadly it is a drive to the beach and not a walk. What you will find at Ocean's is fresh fish, usually caught that morning or the day before, cooked to perfection.  The special isn't a rotting stockpile they want to move out the door, it is what looks the best from that morning's haul.  Trust the counter staff to guide you in the right direction.  During my time in New Smyrna, I tried Tuna, Flounder, Swordfish, Grouper, White Snapper and Rock Shrimp here (Yes, I came here every day for lunch that it was open...closed on Mondays).  All were outstanding.  And the food comes in that Styrofoam to go, even if you stay.  But, don't let that deter you, it is what you are looking for. And here is another tip.  I know you will want to try other places for dinner, and they are mostly good for the view, the local color and the ambience.  But, if you want a perfect dinner, head to the fish counter and buy your dinner at lunch.  Cook it at home; ask the counter staff for preparation tips so as not to overcook it if that worries you.  Have a cocktail (we went for something called a banana cow...odd but good) with some crackers and Ocean's fish dip while you fix it.  Then eat your second Ocean's meal on the beach and watch the skittery crabs come out to play in the tide (little do they know that they might be tomorrow's lunch).  You will thank me for the perfect New Smyrna day. Eek!  I almost forgot.  You MUST try the Key Lime Pie.  It is nothing like any Key Lime Pie I have ever tasted, more like a Key Lime Custard with a pistachio crust.  But, traditions be damned!  The slice is big enough to share.
What a fantastic little seafood restaurant! I ordered the "fish basket" because it had the lighter breading compared to the "fish and chips" with the heavy beer batter. This was the best fried fish I have had since traveling in England! It was a large portion and was cooked perfectly. My wife had the shrimp basket and she raved about hers as well. The staff is very friendly and the restaurant was clean and well maintained. I highly recommend Oceans!
This is the best Grouper sandwich I have even tasted! It's a great little restaurant and fish market. Purchased the mussels from the market before and those were excellent as well. If you are looking for a casual, yet delicious seafood meal this is the place to go!
You won't find seafood more fresh than Oceans. This is hidden gem where it seems only the locals know. The grouper was the best I've had on the east side of Florida. I frequent NSB so I'll be back!
Great fresh fish sandwiches. May have trouble parking if it is busy. Watch the drop off in the back parking lot almost lost my oil pan.
Very nice and personable service by counter help. Very laid back atmosphere. Everyone was happy with their food. Great local place.
Great dips to go! Well priced. Yum!
This place is one of those little gems that we look forward to on every trip to New Smyrna Beach. Great fresh seafood at awesome prices...they always have 2-3 of their fabulous dips (blue crab, clam, fish, etc.) out for sampling.  Best prices on stone crabs for sure and fish sandwiches (fresh) for $8 with a side can't be beat...go there if you're here.
Our first day in New Smyrna and we stopped here fresh off the plane.   We got the grouper blackened, cooked perfectly, and crab cakes , absolutely delicious!  So far we have eaten a lot of grouper at other restaurants, which were good, but so far nothing has compared to Ocean's.
Amazing fresh and wonderful seafood -- simply prepared in simple surroundings.  The key lime pie was the bomb, too!  No "atmosphere," but who cares?
Seafood is always fresh and cooked to order.  Prices are very reasonable for the great quality and large portions. Atmosphere is very casual, bathing suits and sandy flip flops are not out of place.   This place is a hidden gem that should not be passed by.
Great seafood! Third time in and so far the food has been great. The service is lacking and the only reason for not giving 5 stars. The lady working the counter is not all that friendly or helpful but the food more than makes up for her. Fried clams, grouper, and mahi have been great!
Excellent fish seafood counter for grabbing fresh fish to take back to the house.  Great lunch!!
Consistently good food, good atmosphere and affordable prices. Great for lunch or dinner.
Great food, reasonable prices are the two huge reasons to go. The down side, parking is difficult to say it nicely, the tables inside are in need of a refresh and perhaps better sizes and spacing. Sometimes hard to find a table.
This place is very good. Small town atmosphere with some very good, and very fresh, fish. I tried the flounder pita and the grouper sandwich and my wife had the fish pita and the grouper sandwich (we went here twice). The fish was good on both occasions, but we would recommend the sandwiches over the pita b/c the pitas would fall apart from the time you picked it up. Tasted fine, but was not the easiest thing to eat. The price was also very reasonable for what you get. I am a vacationer so I did not have the chance to order some fish from the market, but all the fish there seemed to look very good and they had some dips to sample that are made fresh daily and they were very good. If my wife and I had discovered this place sooner, we would have bought some of their dips for sure!
Lots of yummy food for not much money.  We ordered the day's special - a trio of Tuna, Shrimp, and Chicken served with broccoli and mashed potatoes.  The shrimp was crazy delicious.  I've been burned by beach town seafood restaurants lately, this one was everything I wanted it to be and more.  If we are ever back in New Smyrna, we will definitely visit again.
Simple and delicious.  Fried oyster sandwich was a masterpiece -- plump, juicy oysters perfectly battered and fried.  Seafood salads to go were also wonderful.  Can't wait to return to try the grouper sandwich that so many people raved about.  NOTE:  this place is only approx 10 minutes off I-95, making it a great lunch stop if you are traveling on the highway.
Ocean's is a great place to eat after the beach!!! Friendly people, a lot of great food for a great price, and it's super casual :)
Great food, great prices.  Just a small in house basic eating area but most of their business is take out.
Their Blacked Mahi Mahi ceaser salad is 110% fantastic. The three sisters and rest of the staff that run the place make you feel very welcome when you arrive. Plus their market fish is the most fresh fish I can say I have seen. Ocean's rocks!
This place is a great place. No frills no ambience just great food. We had grouper sandwich oyster sandwich and streamed clams. Everything was great and a lot of food to eat the side of fries is a huge portion.
We have seen Ocean Seafood several times in the last year since we have moved to the area, but never ate there until today. My Father-In-Law was visiting, so we thought that a local seafood place would be a good choice, and were actually heading to JB's Fish Camp that we like, but is about another 7 miles down the road. We decided to check Oceans out and pulled in. The place is a little dive-y, but when the food came out, it looked and tasted great. That was until my FiL found a dead roach on his tomato from his grouper sandwich.  When the server finally came over after my Father-in-law motioned, she just said sorry, removed his plate and came came back in a few seconds and asked if he would like a fresh sandwich.He was through, and so were we. Nobody from Oceans even acknowledged how terrible this was to a diner, and it's obvious they just don't care. I went to wash my hands before we left, and walking through the back area, made the finding of a dead roach easy to believe. Disgustingly dirty. This place needs to clean up their act before someone gets sick!!
Still love Ocean's!!  Once I find something I like, I tend to get stuck in a rut and order the same thing at a restaurant that I don't even look at other things on the menu.  I recently discovered that Ocean's has steamed oysters on their menu and they are only $5/dz.  We've ordered them twice and they have been excellent.  I've learned my lesson!
Not the place for fried shrimp which was rubbery as if it was frozen...but Crab Cakes and Grouper Sandwich was excellent... So far Boston's Norwoods and JBs far superior as far as shrimp...but Oceans good for fried fish and crab cakes....Also, should consider hiring someone for the counter who wants to work there...or focuses on being friendly as customer service for restaurants is key to the experience...may have caught her on a tough night...
What is not to like?  Service was awesome with a smile, the bass sandwich was fresh and tasty and had a huge chunk of fish.  Carrot cake/key lime pie were so-so, very sweet.  We also bought fresh rock shrimp (caught the day before) that cooked up great at home.  Locals had packed this place at lunchtime for good reason.  A must stop if you're traveling through the area.
After reading the other reviews I was disappointed.  The steamed shrimp and oysters weren't very good although there was a lot of them. Food was just mediocre and around a two star. Key lime pie was the best we ever had. Skip the dinner and just get their dessert.
The fish sandwich was gigantic and delicious.  It also came with at least a pound of crispy French fries.  All for $5.95.  We didn't have room for the Key Lime pie that we heard was very good.
Excellent fresh seafood!
