brilliant...a unobstructed pathway along the river that goes on for miles? wow!
Hot riverwalk action! If you wanna "get some" and you live in the area, get down to the Riverwalk! Sunsets in proximity to rivers have been proven to result in approximately 75-90 percent more "getting some"! Don't argue with science, you'll only look like a fool! Hurry! Especially if you're not "getting any"! Old married couples, weirdos who live in their mom's basement and guys who drive 1987 Camaros (any Camaros, really), I'm talking to you! Get yours tonight!
We came here on a beautiful afternoon to have a picnic. There are tables in the shade, but we spread out on the grass with a beach blanket. The environment is very relaxing and clean. Although the jogging path appears to go for miles. The area in which you can picnic in is limited. There is also a playground for kids, with a play area that mists out water for the kids to play in as well. This was a great little get away from the city.
The Westchester Riverwalk is beautiful. It's right along the Hudson River. My girlfriend and I went for a walk along it today and we really enjoyed it. It has a lot of little benches along the the Riverwalk to have a nice place to relax in the shade. The view of the Tapan Zee Bridge is spectacular. If you are in the mood for a nice stroll with a beautiful view, head to the Westchester Riverwalk.
The riverwalk is quite long.  However, this section was nice.  It had really good views of the Tapan Zee bridge.
I entered the Riverwalk thru the Lyndhurst mansion entrance.  Beautiful views of the Hudson and the Tappan Zee. Very well cared for pathway and bridge walkways that crosses streamlets emptying into the Hudson.  Didn't get to explore more than one mile but look forward to checking out more next year.
My favorite views of the Hudson River, Palisades and Tappan Zee Bridge can be seen from this spot. I go there often with my dog and there is never a crowd. Great place to get away from the rat race and just soak in the scenery.
