First and best meal on our trip to the beach. Loved the beachfront location, cool atmosphere, chill live music, and amazing food! Atmosphere is a hybrid modern casual. You see everything from beachwear to night out attire. No cheesy beach theme here. The musician on Saturday did stripped down acoustic versions of current songs done very well.  We heard Outkast, LMFAO and some Tom Petty. If you're an oyster fan, try the I baked oysters. Uhhhhmazing!!  They are baked on the half shell with butter, garlic and Parmesan. So fresh and so good!  We ordered a half dozen for an appetizer and immediately regretted not ordering a full dozen for my meal.   I know we'll have a return visit before we head home.
My husband and I ate tonight at Riptides because of all the good reviews we've seen here on yelp. I ordered the "Big Wave" which comes with several types of seafood. (Shrimp, scallops, stuffed crab, mahi mahi, oysters and alaskan crab) the menu states that you choose how you want your seafood fixed, which is clearly not the case because my waiter was quick to inform me that all of it had to be fixed the same way! Just because I want fried shrimp doesn't mean I want my fish fried as well. I ended up getting everything broiled, which was a mistake. The oysters shriveled up to chewy nothings, and the scallops were rubber. Our waiter never gave us his name but he rang up as "Oysterbar" on our ticket, he was rude and acted like he had a million other things to do besides wait on his tables. For the price it was not worth it. I should have went with the "All you can eat Crab legs" for $37, those were the best thing on my plate. However they had live acoustic music, and he was really great!
Great server, live music on Saturday night, awesome onion rings, good serving off food. Hubby had a house salad like no other, i've never seen so much love & care on a house salad topped with tiny diced tomatoes. Kidd had the mac & cheese nuggets with fries - she didnt like but gobbled up dad's potato slices topped with gooie cheese, bacon pieces and a whole lotta goodness; along with sirloin tips from my house special skewer with scallops and shrimp. The skewers were cooked to perfection both meat and seafood, rice & veggies were not seasoned, rarely do i add salt and this needed it. Would we go again? Sure if we had the same server and try something else, they also have an all u can eat crab legs plate but price based on day, i wasnt hungry enuf to pay for that. Too full for dessert but worth a try.
We enjoyed this restaurant so much that we ate here twice during our vacation. The atmosphere is very laid back & a beachy vibe. I was surprised how many locals visit this establishment. It was a tale of two dinners. The first evening we had the all-you-can-eat snow crab dinner. It was a bit pricey at $37 per person, but the crab came in plenty and was always warm never cold. The wait staff was very attentive coming by our table every few minutes. On the last day we stopped by for lunch. We ordered the surfer's paradise and it did not live up to its name. We ordered it broiled which I suggest that you do not do the same. You can't separate how the shrimp, oysters, or mahi mahi is prepared. Basically if you fry one thing everything must be fried. The wings were very big and you got a lot of wings for $8. We also ordered some gator bites and enjoyed those as well.
LIVE MUSIC AND GREAT FOOD!  The wifey and I both stopped here after a day at the beach.  There is a large bar in the center of the restaurant loaded with TV screens for your viewing pleasure.  There was a large projection screen that was showing people surfing, adding to the cool atmosphere.  There is also outside seating in front of the restaurant.  If its hot, they have fans with a spray mist to cool you off.  No worries if there is someone performing outside and all the seats are taken.  You can hear the performance inside through their speaker system. Lets talk food.  We actually went here twice because our food was so good.  We tried the following: 1.  Shrimp and Avodado Spring Rolls...had to send them back because they were very chewy.  They clamed it was supposed to be crispy, but no such luck.   2.  Two orders of the KICK'N CRAB CAKE.  Not the best we've ever had but very tasty 3.  SURF AND TURF BISQUE  I am a self proclaimed soup junkie and this soup was fantastic.  It was a nice combination of prime rib and shrimp in a sherry bisque. 4. A Dozen of the ROCKEFELLER OYSTERS.  YUM YUM.  I licked every shell to get out the yummies. 5.  2 LOBSTER PO'BOY'S  Crunchy on the outside and succulent on the inside.  The local lobster was fried.  These nuggets of deliciousness will not dissapoint. 6.  GROUPER SANDWICH  I tried the fried which needed some tarter sauce to enhance the flavor, but overall a tasty sandwich. 7.  An last but not least...RIPTIDE MIXED GRILL.  This dinner platter came with three skewers loaded with shrimp, scallops and steak tenderloin tips on a bed of rice. Oh yea, they also added onions and peppers too.  The parmesan lemon butter sauce they glaised it with was finger licking good.  I wanted to lick the plate, but the wifey wouldn't let me.   There are plenty of choices in this area, but make sure to try this one.  You will not be dissapointed.
The surf and turf soup had a bit too much tomato base. The oysters were large and not tinny. The crab was excellent but the vegetables that came with were extremely overcooked. The price was a bit high but it is a tourist spot. If you choose to eat here, get the crab.
The AYCE snow crab clusters were only so-so.  The meat would break off in the legs and the body meat although sweet was mushy.  For $34.95 my expectations were a little high and the crab fell short.  However, the restaurant is very inviting.  The staff are attentive and friendly.  The menu looks awesome and I will be back to try other items. My wife had the Mahi Mahi tacos and they were awesome, my daughter had a burger and she liked it.  My son and I had the crab.  For an appetizer we had their spicy fried shrimp and they were good too. Next time, I'm trying the alligator tale and maybe a po boy.
Love this place as I am a huge fan of oysters. We ordered the oysters and calamari and yum. The oysters were fresh, cold and some of the best I have eaten. The calamari was crisp and served with a tasty marinara sauce. Riptides also serves great martini's; I tried the basic Cosmo and it was yummy, cold with chips of ice. Just the way I like it. Get your oysters on at Riptides Raw Bar and Grill.
An old friend & I stopped in Sun. evening.  The place was approximately 40% full.  We ordered the basic burger w/ black beans &  rice & the mahi-mahi  sandwich w/ sweet potato fries.  Had the Key lime creme brule for desert,   Simple food prepared well. Prices were reasonable & service was excellent.
Such a fun find! Steps from the beach (patio, but no beach view), it was easy to find. Parking seemed tricky, but we found the free valet guy and were golden. The food was great - had grouper Caribbean style - peppers and garlic and other good bits. Amazing. Lots of beers, too. Live music on the patio - can't really go wrong here!
We're in the area visiting and chose this place based on yelp reviews. We got the shrimp/avocado spring rolls which were interesting yet good. The sauce that comes with it is gross. We also shared a Caesar salad with blackened mahi mahi and it was delicious. Would recommend this place.
Best meal for our last day in Daytona Beach! Good food, nice ambience with live band! Highly recommended!
Visiting from Atlanta. All we wanted was a good helping of snow crab legs, and we got it! We also had a 12 oz ny strip steak - also excellent. Service was a little slow, but good. The strawberry mojito was an excellent cocktail with freshly muddled mint. I wish there was more parking, although complimentary valet was quick and easy. Live music was a lot of fun also. I would live to return to this place!
This place was my favorite dinning experience the whole vacation! My fiancé and I ate there the first and last night of our stay and had something different both nights. The shrimp and avocado spring rolls were extremely addictive. Live music, local beer, and great seafood... What could be better. Both nights, Brad was our musician for the night and he's an awesome guy with amazing talent. If there was a single place I would recommend to anyone for dining in Ormond Beach I would have to say Riptides. Ask the front desk in your hotel for a coupon for a free riptide shrimp appetizer if you're visiting. I can't wait for the next time we go to Ormond Beach so I can eat there again!
The Shrimp and Avocado spring roll is not what you expected as a spring roll - very sweet and greasy. I ordered the salad (shrimp and avocado) later, but it was still not a healthy choice there. The atmosphere was good though.
This place was the food HIGHLIGHT of my trip to Daytona/Ormomd. Chuck was my server, he was knowledgeable with both the food and beer menu, really friendly, and he is the kind of guy you would want to hangout with anywhere. If you can sit in his section, you will not regret it. Whenever I come back I will be going there again, and sitting in Chuck's section.
Service was pretty slow, not just for us but for other tables too. The menu is like a typical beach bar but the decor tries to be upscale. The raw oysters were delicious, other than that it was mediocre.
Another great day.  Taylor, Nick and Beverly are excellent behind the bar; very friendly and attentive.  Get the Riptides shrimp.  It rocks!
Had a very pleasant lunch here. Everyone in  our party was very happy with their meals, especially my parents with the grouper sandwich and  me with the rum glazed tuna salad. Our server was very friendly and knowledgable, and the prices were very reasonable.
A dozen steamed oysters, very disappointing, the puniest oysters I have ever seen in my entire life. They should be embarrassed to charge so much for such tiny oysters. Oysters are a rare treat for this KY girl, very pathetic. The other meals were decent sizes but still too much. Kudos to the waiter tho for the excellent service. Won't be returning .
I love a restuarant where the hostess greats you with a big smile and the waitress makes your meal enjoyable. My boyfriend had been here a month earlier and raved about this place and did not disappoint.  My stuffed grouper was amazing. I loved the laidback atmosphere of restuarant because it allowed my one year old son to be himself and nobody blinked an eye. Oh yes...and it was spotless.
Calamari is delish and this time we got the mixed grill and the Mahi colada which are both amazing! I love this place! Fast service and relaxing environment :)
The potato wheels were awesome but we paid good money for the all you can eat crab legs and they were awful. They were over cooked, the crab meat was mushy and very difficult to get out of the shell and you couldn't get them without the seasoning, which ruined the taste of what meat you could get out.  You should go to Charlie Horse for all you can eat crab legs. They were much much better there!
Cool place with great food.  I Was a little put off by the fact that my oysters were served on a plastic tray (the kind your fast food meals are handed to you on), but my waitress assured me that that's just how they serve it there,  so whatever.  I'd recommend this place.  Don't expect a quiet dinner, but expect a great meal with fresh tasty food.
Fresh oysters made any way you like! I had mine Rockefeller and they were awesome. Our hotel, the Makai have us a coupon for a fee appetizer of their signature riptide shrimp, tossed in a sweet & spicy sauce were like ocean candy in my mouth. The kids ordered a calamari appetizer and devoured it within minutes. The aunts loved the large portions and size of their shrimp entrees.  My mom enjoyed the fun, beachy atmosphere. Everyone enjoyed having their picture taken with the shark hanging outside too. This was fun and tasty for all! We will definitely go back.
Great all you  can eat crab legs. They had awesome flavor and needed no cocktail sauce or butter. Their sides were good as well. We had the black beans and rice and sweet potato fries. My son doesn't like seafood and ordered a fried chicken sandwich that was awesome as well. The crab, though, was the highlight. Crab coma happened and they just kept on bringing it!
Disappointed I ordered the coconut shrimp and they were over cooked. My partner had the shrimp oyster combination she was disappointed also. The sweet potato fries also were over done.
Highly recommend this place.  The fish taco's were perfect.    I had the rice and bean sides.   We are going back for a second night in a row.   The shrimp and avocado spring rolls are a great way to start the meal. The Thursday we stopped they had enjoyable local live music.
Just good food .  Watched my giant teen smash 3.5 pounds of king crab legs as the rest of loved our other seafood and burger dishes. Live Hawaiian music on Molokai Monday very nice. Well done, Dillan our waiter!  Everyone, just go.
Always a great meal and even better drinks!  Fun atmosphere - never miss on our trips to Daytona!
Fantastic way to end the day with some blue crap, chef vegetables and onion rings! Couldn't ask for better service and satisfied with the food!
Everything we had was delicious. Shrimp & Avocado spring rolls, Mixed Grill, and Coconut Shrimp all excellent for dinner and enough for lunch the next day too. Nice atmosphere as well!
This place was close to where we stayed, and some of the resort staff pushed it often.  It is a very nice atmosphere and seemed like a nice place.  The menu is very appetizing, but the quality wasn't as good as it sounded.  We had a variety of items.  The ma hi ma hi seemed overcooked, as it was dry.  The oysters were chewy.  The scallops were ok.  The deviled crab was good, but it was more bread than anything.  The crab legs were very tough to crack, as though they had cooked too long, and not much meat in them.  Just not very well done for the price.  It falls within the moderate price range, but the average is at almost the maximum of moderate.  The service was really just unacceptable.  She had two tables and seemed to be unable to deal with both at the same time.  We ordered our beverages and then waited for awhile before she took our food order.  Our food came and was missing the crab legs.  She asked if we wanted any sauces, and we had half the food eaten before she came back with them.  We asked for more lemon and never received it.  After our food came, she disappeared for quite awhile. I had consumed my beverage shortly after getting our food.  She came to our table twice after that with my glass sitting there empty, and she never asked if I wanted more to drink.  I just don't feel the quality of the food or service was worth the money.
Raw what? Decor is modern & young but service & food left way too much to be desired. Had the lobster bites for an app and the "lemon butter sauce" was half stick of butter. We got our entrees at the same time. Burger wasn't edible & my salad with shrimp was the size of a bread plate. My drink was $9 & I'm not convinced had any alcohol in it. Too many other good options nearby. Least enjoyable meal (if you can call it that?) our entire trip here.
Sat outside which was great. Live music. Ocean breeze. It doesn't get better until you taste the food. Started with the surf and turf soup and spring rolls which were amazing.  Wanted a gallon bucket of the soup. Wife had a Po Boy and I had the Mixed seafood plate. Fresh fresh fresh and delicious. Finished with key lime brulee.  All in all a fantastic dinner. Price was right and portions were huge. Walk drive or swim here it's worth it.
Food took a while...started with crab cakes and surf n turf soup which were excellent, then had coconut shrimp which were a little over fried and the sauce was not to my liking at all. My husband had the crab legs with veggies and sweet potato fries which were great. Would return to try something else.
Great quality food!! The all you can eat crab legs are expensive but totally worth it and are probably the freshest I've had in town. The surf and turf bisque is one of the best soups I've ever had! Oysters are also fresh and really good. Great atmosphere and even better food.
This is a really great local place to have oysters and crabs and grab a few beers. The waitstaff was really attractive and nice as they could be. The oysters were fresh and delicious.I enjoyed eating there!
Had lunch here recently and was not impressed.  Chicken was over cooked, fish tacos were a sloppy mess and the burger was under seasoned.  And man is it expensive!
This place is so yummy!!!..shrimp & avacado spring rolls a MUST!!..mahi colada, fish taco, & grouper sand so yummy!..so stuffed got carribean bread pudding to go!
Horrible experience here and waiter told me one price and it ended up being 6 bucks more w no apology just arguing about it. Also Caribbean doesn't mean jerk seasoning it means covered w bell peppers which had I known I would not have gotten bc it made all fish tasted like a bell pepper. Left w a 101 bill and mad as hell. Waited forever to get my wrong price tube beer.
Great meal. The fish tacos were excellent. Very fresh, flavorful mahi. The french fries are the best, perfectly cooked, crunchy, just the way I like them. Great service, friendly, attentive waitress and manager. We'll be back.
We went here on our last night in Daytona. Wish we had went sooner.  I would have ate there many more times.  I had the AYCE Snow Crab legs. First round was 4 sets of legs.  A hearty portion.  I reordered 3 more times. Each reorder came out quickly and was hot. Each reorder came with two sets of legs. They were by far the best crab legs I had all vacation.  It put Joes Crabshack on the pier to shame.  I would highly recommend Rip Tides to anyone wanting crab legs.  Wait staff was friendly and nice.  We sat outside and enjoyed the live music.  Wasn't  loud like most places.  Atmosphere was just right!
Atmosphere is great! Food was delicious! Stuffed grouper is the way to go! Our waitress was on the ball!
This is my first 5 ever.  This meal was perfection.   Lobster bites were tender and succulent.  Very light coating served with a lemon buerre blanc sauce.  Shrimp and avacodo spring rolls were crispy, creamy, fresh and delicious served with a rum sauce.  Seafood mac and cheese.  Divine!   Large chunks of tender lobster, whole shrimp,  baby bay scallops in a smoky, cheesy, ooey sauce of goodness. Server Donald awesome, helpful, and very attentive.  We will be back.  It will be worth the 3 hour drive.
*DO NOT ORDER THE CRAB LEGS* The crab legs were overcooked and cold when they were served. So disappointing. However, the oysters were amazing. My mom had shrimp, scallops, which she said were delicious, and my dad has the surf burger, which he said was "Awesome."
The service was better than the food Everyone was wonderful and the music was great... The rip tide sauce was too sweet... But The service was so great they made it for me plain :)
Delicious food! Absolutely loved it! But the service was lacking. We've ate here twice. The first time was great all around.  We sat outdoors and our server was excellent,  so we went back again and sat inside. This time our server was not very attentive and while nice was not paying any attention to us. Definitely will go again. Definitely will sit outside.
Didn't eat here (hopefully will before we leave town), but beer selection and service were good. Fun atmosphere to watch NCAA. Original plan was Blacksheep across the street, but there were 2 cars there...never a good sign.
Great drinks, great, different and unique food and sauces.  Not your typical bar and grill food.  Must ask to be served by Dylan who was very knowledgable and excited about what he does, not to mention very well traveled and very used to diverse people and culture's!!!
Oysters not as good this year.  Everything else was great, again!  Love the filet and crab bisque!
Started our meal with spinach artichoke dip.  It was tragic.   When we brought this to the waiters attention, he commented that it didn't look like good either.   He took it away and took it off the check. Part II of the meal was really good.   The grilled chicken and rib plate was very tasty.   I had a baked sweet potato with food.  It too was well cooked. This was overall an enjoyable place to eat.  Live music that was not over bearing.    You can also enjoy the bar and pool tables.  Pleasant and overall attentive wait staff. Overall a strong experience.
Riptides Raw Bar And Grill My initial introduction to Riptides Raw Bar And Grill was at the Halifax Oyster Festival in Daytona this April where they were one of the vendors at the annual event but that's a whole other review. The first thing you notice when you walk through the door at Riptides is the neat, clean, well appointed environment and wide open atmosphere. The numerous tables are spaced far enough apart that even when the indoor dining area is full, it doesn't feel cramped or crowded. For those days when the weather is good, there is also plenty of outdoor seating available. Whether you dine indoors or out, expect a tableside visit from general manager Shawn Flaherty to see how you're doing and if you need anything. That's a nice personal touch. It shows respect and concern for the customer and you do not see a lot of that at most local establishments these days. The Raw bar itself is located at the north end of the building serving up very fresh oysters and happy-hour raw oyster specials on weekday afternoons. A good selection of draft beer is available as well as 100 oz. beer tubees for the very thirsty or very adventurous patrons. We sampled the fish tacos, surf & turf bisque, a giant Beach burger basket and  excellent Po' Boy sandwiches overflowing the bun with your choice of either Shrimp or Oyster filling all served with seasoned fries. We are already planning another visit to Riptides later this week so look for a followup soon. Cheers, Ray
My 11 year old had the all you can eat crab legs. Waitress was so accommodating as she allowed us to start with the 1 1/2 before deciding to switch to all you can eat. He loved them! Husband loved his burger. I had the fish tacos but an gluten free so the chef put everything on the side and served it with lettuce leaves instead of the flour tortilla. Awesome! Atmosphere was nice. Outside you're right on busy Atlantic but inside is trendy with a surfer theme.
I don't know what to say but I think we just have the best oysters ever. And the key lime creme brûlée was made in heaven and delivered to my table. The service was awesome like always. Fast and really nice people. Every little thing we asked for, they make it happened. Thanks and we will be back with our family and friends very soon. Also the coconut pineapple bread puddin is out of this world. Anthony is the best.
The service was great despite being very busy. Great food much more than you could eat in one siitting. If you want fresh food not from a chain this is the place for you.
Awesome vibe and food.  I had the oyster sampler... Buffalo,  Rockefeller,  Parmesean and Seafood stuffing topped oysters..... amazing.  Lou had a huge chunk of seared Ahi.  Will definitely be back.
The beer is good, staff is nice, atmosphere is excellent and food is unique and tasty! Go there now!
Interesting place. It's vast, with an extensive bar clientele at night, two bars, three dining rooms, and a separate pool room. The ambiance is casual and the vibe is high energy and friendly. The food is casual pub grub, seafood division, and is unexpectedly excellent. Go here for the oysters, if nothing else. They're fresh and cheap and come in several varieties. Try the surf and turf bisque, which sounds odd but works. The waiter, Jordan, fits the place. He was friendly, hip, and attentive. He earned the extra star.
Fun atmosphere, good seafood, 100 oz beers.  What more can you ask for?  Good service all around and they have indoor  shuffleboard tables.  We laughed until our sides hurt we sucked so badly.   After 100oz of beer though, who cared?   PS...great place for kids too.
Great seafood restaurant. Hubby and I went for lunch and were not disappointed. We started with an app of potato wheels, which is their version of potato skins. We also had a bowl of their surf and turf bisque which was AMAZING!  The bisque had tons of prime rib and shrimp, in a wonderfully flavored, slightly sweet, sherry bisque. Next came a half order of baked oysters which is topped with garlic butter and parmesan cheese, delish. We then split a surfer's paradise which came with shrimp, oysters, mahi-mahI and sweet potato fries. We ordered it fried, and it came out fried to perfection with not too much breading. The seafood was very fresh and we will be going back to Riptides the next time we are in Ormond Beach.
My boyfriend and I ate here for a casual dinner. The server was very spontaneous and honest with his recommendations. I was a little hesitant in ordering the swordfish special. I am so glad I did! It was so good! It is not on the menu yet. According to the server they will be adding it soon enough. I will definitely be going back just to eat the swordfish!
This place is phenomenal! They make lots of their sauces in house, and the flavor can not be beat! Their prices are very reasonable, especially for the excellent quality they serve. The best thing about this restaurant is their top notch customer service! Our waitress was perfectly attentive, and the manager even dropped by our table to say hi and make sure everything was satisfactory. Definitely the best seafood restaurant I've been to!
Disappointed, this was the first of our many seafood adventures during our trip to Ormond beach and it was really subpar compared to others nearby. The oysters were so huge you had to cut them in half and chew them - not my cup of tea at all, and the po'boys tasted like defrosted popcorn shrimp inserted into a very huge hotdog bun. If there was dressing/sauce on that thing I couldn't tell, as the batter on the shrimp was sooo salty. I did enjoy the live music, Gus, who played there on the patio.
Great oysters, service and food.  Live music was a nice touch.  Kids enjoyed a beach burger with seasoned fries.
Was great!  We went for the crab legs and they were delicious. Our waiter Red provided exceptional service. No wait at all for more crab legs as he kept em coming. Nice atmosphere too. Highly recommended.
Went for happy hour and had a great deal on oysters and all you can eat crab legs. I enjoyed the crab legs so much! Their shrimp spring rolls appetizers were also awesome. Too bad I was just visiting and can't have those any time soon! Definitely check it out while in the Daytona area!
Beautiful new restaurant and bar in Ormond Beach and Daytona Beach area.  Great raw bar, good American style pub food and seafood.  Surf and beach decor and a relaxed friendly environment.  Best place for seafood or drinks on the beach.
outstanding!   grouper stuffed with crab and shrimp,  coconut shrimp,  crab legs and gator tail!   perfectly seasoned,  great service and cozy atmosphere!
The food was absolutely delish! My family and I ordered the plank salmon and the mahi mahi... Perfect portions and great seasoning.
Great place for good food!  Nice atmosphere and the waitress was awesome.
Not good. Grilled mahi mahi was dry as a bone and so over-seasoned I was not able to eat it.  Not the worst O-rings I've ever had but right there at the bottom.  The spring rolls?  A piece of broccoli stem and one popcorn shrimp in a deep fried battered roll the size of an egg roll stuffed with mystery cheese and sour cream.  Caesar salad was some tired head lettuce with some shredded parm. Cheeses on it with croutons and some kind of tasteless sauce.  I was alone and they sat me at a six-topper? Right under the giant big screen Projector tv.  I mean right up against it.  Refills were hard to get.  Server was very nice. But I still was unimpressed.
I have eaten here several times.  Its always delightful and friendly.  The food is excellent and service is with a smile!
We went there Friday evening for the crab legs and weren't disappointed.Our server,Taylor,"Red", was great.Service was excellent.We had our next serving almost before we were finished with what we had.The manager came to our table several times to ask how everything was also. We will definitely return and ask for Taylor to be our server.Thanks Taylor.
Had a fun time there tonight. Pros: Reasonable prices, fresh seafood, and a perk was younger staff and people eating out. Felt much more relaxed modern than most places I've been all week. I recommend!
I had the shrimp/avacado roll and my boyfriend had coconut shrimp appitizers. Both were good but the roll had too much cheese that I couldn't even taste the shrimp (much less find any) or the avacado.
Service was mediocre at best. Surfers Paradise (grilled shrimp, oysters & mahi, mahi) was too salty. Poor beer selection.
Must eat here when visiting Daytona Beach. My family each ordered something different and we all shared. From the spring rolls to the Caribbean nachos, crab legs and sweet potato fries, everything was absolutely excellent!  The service is top notch too!  If you enjoy mixed drinks, this place has about 8 pages of them!  AWESOME find!
Po boy sandwiches were great! Good service.  Waiter replaced dirty glass quickly.  Decent happy hour specials.  I would definitely go back again.
Food was so great we returned within our week-long vacation in Ormond Beach. Staff was friendly and the food was tasty and fresh. DEFINITELY try the raw oysters during their happy hour. They shuck them fresh at their raw bar and you can watch them do it. Also seemed very family-friendly for having a bar area, their were many kids items on the menu or at least kid-friendly items. Their seafood was cooked well (not overdone, not underdone) and seasoned appropriately. Try the fish tacos with the pineapple salsa! You will NOT be disappointed...it's one of the cheaper items on the menu but one of the best tasting ones. They also have really reasonable prices on their "adult beverages" as well. We will definitely be returning next year!
Food was overpriced. The place has nice decor and service but the chef obviously has no passion. 12.99 for a tiny grouper sandwich on a stale bun. Should never have been served. This place would be best for drinks.
Good drinks and great deal on raw oysters. Ambience is split between chic and spirts bar.
We went in for crab legs. They were really good. Only prob is they bring out one cluster at a time. Live music
Somewhat expensive but its worth it. At least once a year on vacation.
We were there late on Valentines Day and they were pretty packed.  We got seats at the bar to wait for a table but the bartender said we could eat there, which we did.  While I thought the prices were on the high side, everything we had was good to excellent and the portions are HUGE!  Service was pretty good considering how busy they were.
Food was great! Especially the all you can eat crab legs. Service was also very good, along with the fun atmosphere.
I had the all you can eat crab with Chefs vegetables and beans and rice.  Great choices I ate until I dropped.
The service here was great. Drinks were awesome, and food was excellent. Our servers nickname was 'red' and he was AWESOME! Very friendly and knowledgable about the menu since he is also a cook. You will not be disappointed if red is your server!
This place is really really good. Coming from Chicago you need to be good from me. This is the best fish in town, have tried 4 different places, not Evan close. Great surfing movie a on a pull down screen, sports on 4 tv s , but you must order the stuffed grouper or tequila lime grouper. My wife loved the fish taco's great veggies too. Beans and rice on the side perfect. Great for singles, couples, and people with kids older then 7. I'm 56. I hear the crab legs are great too. First time to Daytona, went back three times to Riptides. Had to have a good meal. Go great place. I don't know anyone here either.
I've been several times. Although it is better than it was when it was Barnacles, I won't be back. They are lucky to have an endless supply of tourists, because I'd be shocked if any locals frequent this place. The food has never been impressive on any of my several visits. I'm actually pretty surprised they're still open.
Do not eat here. Bad everything, food, service, not clean. Wife got sick from their food.
good food @ reasonable prices
Delicious food and refreshing beverages!! By far one of my favorite restaurants in Daytona!! :) This happy customer will definitely be back again!
Went for the first time cause I had read about their re-do from Barnicles. Was impressed with the feeling when we walked in. Clean, open nice reggae music playin. At first thought it to just offer the typical "bar food" then had the fish tacos, Pops had raw oysters and she had a fish sandwich. Everything we had was great and black beans and rice was an interesting side dish offer. Very attentive service and a nice beer selection. Will definitely be going back!
