We come in town for a week every year and love to check out small little "mom and pop" style places. Unfortunately, we are usually disappointed. That was NOT the case here. Robin, the bartender, greeted us immediately and was very friendly to us and our daughter. I won't lie, our expectations were low and we were pleasantly surprised! I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich with no bun. It was delightfully crunchy on the outside and perfectly tender on the inside. Manfriend got the Island Tiki Chicken with rice. Again, perfectly cooked. The coconut shavings in the rice were an awesome little treat. Little one got chicken fingers. She was pleased, and she's picky. Even about chicken fingers. The icing on the cake?!? Their internet is wicked fast, and they separate their fish in a separate fryer. ((I have a SEVERE shellfish allergy. Eating in FL is risky for me.)) We will most definitely be back! Maybe tomorrow... ;-)
We came to the Tiki Hut for lunch after a long night out and they did not disappoint! We arrived just after they opened and were the first customers. The waitress got our drink orders quickly and made some menu suggestions. My friend and I split some wings and they were amazing. We got their specialty sweet/spicy sauce (can't remember the name) and it was amazing. I had a Cuban sandwich as well and it was perfect. The bread was crunchy and the pork and cheese inside was perfect. I didn't have one but my friends said the Bloody Marys were good too. Fun atmosphere, good food, decent prices. Would go back for sure.
Just ate here and had the blackened Mahi Mahi.   It was fabulous!  Would definitely recommend. My son had the Black and Blue burger with fries also very delicious. Started it all with nice chips and salsa plus a couple of drinks.   Yummy!
The Blackened Mahi sandwich was so thick and juicy!! We will be back for more and we will be bringing friends with us!!
Ahh, a non-chain place to have a beer. Daytona Beach is full if chain restaurants and this is a lovely exception.
I took my sister and cousin here for a quick lunch and it wasn't half bad. We went at a down time so there weren't really any patrons there. The food was pretty good but I was  pretty disappointed in my Pina Colada. I usually don't go the frozen drink route  and was expecting something a lot tastier. Our server was very attentive and super sweet to my 8 year old cousin. I'd come back again when I'm in the area.
Stop by because of the yelp reviews. So we stop by to get a bite. Hamburger and buffalo chicken wrap. Food and staff are awesome. French fries have a seasoning that makes you want to lick the bowl. The staff is very friendly and very make you feel welcomed. owner was there that Sunday. great conversation!
This place is mediocre at best. As far as the fish tacos go...there are several restaurants in the area that have much better. It's an ok place if you are starving and cannot go on. Also, charging $0.50 for a glass of water in a plastic cup is outrageous especially since I purchased a meal!!! The service was below average. The waitress rarely checked on us. We will not be back.
Awesome place by the pier. Excellent prices and even better prices. Fish tacos - The sauce mixed with red onions makes it great. My wife had the fish sandwich and it was a huge portion for the price and tasted great. A lot of food for the money. Atmosphere is laid back. Come in your flip flops and tshirt!
Great place very quiet if looking to get away from all of the tourists and such. Often times I show my girl up by bringing her to cool places and she can never top me. So naturally this adds to my credit. -BUSSARAUNT CHRONOS
Stopped in here for a late lunch. Very friendly waitress/bartender was handling the bar and all the tables, yet still kept up very well, and had a great demeanor. I ordered the blackened grouper (very tasty), my wife ordered the Tiki Chicken (also very good), and our daughter the chicken tenders (fried perfectly, with a nice texture on the breading). All of us enjoyed our meals very much, and if we are back down to that area of the beach, we will likely stop in for lunch again.
I was very impressed. We checked it out because of the reviews, but we were skeptical when we saw how dead it was on a Friday night; however, we were all pleasantly surprised. The server was very friendly. I ordered a specialty shot as a drink, and it was delicious. I had the blackened mahi- very good! One person in our party had the mahi dinner. The zucchini was great. The French fries were surprisingly yummy. I would definitely recommend giving this place a try. Prices were reasonable.
Terrible service. Took forever to get water, side salad. Food was ok Robin was not helpful at all. Charged my friend for both the apps  just because she didn't want to ask. Made no sense. Don't go here.
I had the Hawaiian burger with pineapple and ham. It tasted sweet and delicious and the hamburger pattie was top notch. My wife had the Mahi Mahi sandwich. Whoever is in the kitchen knows how to cook fish. Perfectly seared with oil, herbs and spices. Good drink prices also.
Found this little gem thanks to Yelp and wandering around in the pier area. So glad I did! Best seasoned fish I've had this entire week! Good beer prices good food prices good service! I ordered the seafood feast dinner which apparently isn't available until after 4 but they made it anyway :-). It was fantastic! Clams were fantastic! Chicken strip basket fantastic! Fed 3 adults with drinks for $37. Affordable and worth visiting!
Such an awesome find! We had the fish tacos and fish and chips.  My 6 year old picky eater said this was the best fish he ever had. My husband agreed! The fish tacos were great, a tad too much sauce for me but easily taken off.  So good! The staff was really friendly and even have my son a Popsicle after lunch! What a great location!
Incredible service! Sat at the bar and Audi was amazing. She made me $5 Siren's Songs which were both potent and delicious. Had Mahi Mahi plate blackened and it was so much food for $9.
Our group of 14 came on a Friday evening.  The restaurant was not crowded, but there was another large group that was seated before us.  All of the food was very good.  We had fish tacos, fish fry, burgers, wraps, mahi mahi and a salad.  Everyone was very pleased.   Unfortunately,  the service was horrible.  It took 75 + minutes to get our meal.  Appetizers were forgotten.  The side salad for the mahi mahi was forgotten and then brought without the dressing.  The check came with the tip included.
No frills, No worries. Awesome food, awesome prices, awesome people. Amanda won't steer you wrong. As busy as it gets she will always make sure you have everything you need!! We will totally return again. Food was very fresh and yummy. Drink specials rocked!!!
GREAT PLACE TO DRINK ON MAINSTREET!! Great prices (local's gets discounts), Great Food (got to try the wings) and great atmosphere! They make a customer always feel welcome.
Great food good prices.  Cheap beer.  You can't beat it.  They bread their own checken fingers. If you like buffalo chicken get their wrap it was excellent.  If I'm in the area again I will definitely eat here.
This is a place the drink, not eat. We went here because the reviews looked so awesome. The service was not good. Our waitress brought me a warm beer because it took her so long to pick up our drinks after the bartender got our drink order out.  The food was not anything special. I got the fish tacos and they were super bland and not that great. The bartender on the other hand was awesome! She made my friends mixed drink strong and good. She was working hard behind the bar and never missed a best. I would not go there again for food, but  I would go back to sit at the bar and drink.
I'm not from around Daytona but I saw this place while staying the weekend and decided to give it a try, thank goodness I did! Some of the best food and service I had. Everything was seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection. I'm not typically a fan of fish but my boy friend got fish and chips and I tried it and loved it! The bartender Audi was a total delight and even though it was pretty busy in here always had a smile on her face and was a pleasure! I would recommend going here!
