So after about an hour of us being an indecisive couple and couldn't decide where to eat dinner, we picked this place on a whim and arrived starving. First thing I noticed when I opened the sushi menu is that it looked exactly like Chuck's Fish menu, except with a couple of different things. I ordered a sweet tea ( which was nastay) and the bf had a beer. We both ordered a salad, I the ginger and he the caesar. For the entree he had the veggie roll... which had..veggies. I ordered the backdown roll which had crunchy shrimp, cream cheese, topped with tuna, avocado and crab salad. We asked for a side of spicy sauce which never came. I am not really sure he enjoyed his... he ate it, but I think he was just hungry. There was really nothing special about mine. It was okay though. While we were waiting for the check I noticed that the paper the chopsticks came in said Chuck's Fish. Yeah that's what I thought. And I just looked at both menus online. I am not sure where I ate, Dharma Blue or Chuck's Fish. WELLLLLLLLL I guess I don't need to go back to Chuck's now.
I have wanted to write this review for a long time but know I cannot do it justice.  I love everything about Dharma Blue - the name, the location, the decor, the waitstaff and of course the most important thing of all, the food!   I don't think it really gets any better than Dharma Blue for date night.  It's romantic, chic and the food is mouthwatering.  I had the filet my first visit and the Sundried Tomato Crusted Grouper my last visit.   My date had the Blackened Mahi with sauteed shrimp.  I love the mingling of flavors and the textures created by the imaginative chefs.  You really can't go wrong with fresh fish and veggies. My only regret is eating too much to try dessert but there is always next time.
Ohhhhhh man.  Last night Dharma Blue... ummm... are you serious? So, a group of us met up with other friends at Dharma Blue last night.  Our friends waited for us on the porch with a few drinks.  Apparently, purchasing a drink while waiting for your party to arrive isn't enough for DB because our friends were harassed constantly by the hostess as to when the rest of the group would be there.  The hostess reportedly asked my friend (with total snootiness), "why don't you just call them and see when they're coming".  My friend replied, "They're visiting someone in the ICU in the hospital and their phones are turned off!"  Sorry hostess... there is more to life than seating people at tables. Dharma Blue: 0 My Team: 1 The rest of the group arrived and the 6 of us walked up to the hostess station and asked for a table.  There were 6 available seats available on the porch where our friends had just been seated, but apparently (according to the hostess) that table was not available... even though it wasn't waiting on a reservation or another group.   Dharma Blue: -1 Human kind: 5 So, we put our name in and sat at the bar.  The bartender was great and made sure we all had a drink in our hand within seconds of arriving at his station.  The hostess had told us it would be a 10 minute wait.  About 20 minutes after arriving at the bar, we were seated.  Why you gotta lie?  Just be honest!  Or tell us 25 minutes and then we'll be pleased when it only takes 20!   We sat down and started looking at the menu.  We were STARVING!  It took a while (10 minutes or so), but our waitress brought our water and took a drink order.  A few of us threw in appetizer requests right away as well.  Our waitress had a really sweet disposition, but you could tell she was overloaded with work.  It seemed as though she was busing tables and bringing out clean glasses more than she was waiting on her tables.  This made me look around the restaurant.  Almost every table was full, however, on Monday nights they have $2 off sushi rolls.  OF COURSE they're going to be busy!  SO STAFF FOR IT!  I know the restaurant business.  When you know you're going to be busy, you schedule extra people or have people on stand by at home.  Don't sacrifice a few dollars for poor service. It took about 15 minutes for our drinks to come.  A few minutes after that one of the appetizers came.  About 10 minutes after that the rest of the appetizers showed up.  Meanwhile, we hadn't even ordered yet!  We had probably been sitting at our table for 30-40 minutes before we had the chance to order.  Then the rolls came out.  Their rolls were hot, soft and delightful.  Good distraction on the waitress' part! Anyway, too many drinks were drunk and then our food came out.  Thankfully, everyone's meal was delicious.  Getting the bills and paying took another 15 or so minutes.  We jetted the heck out of there.  We were fat, but not happy.  If I ever return on a Monday, I'll be the early-bird-spring-chicken amongst the old folks.  That'll be the only way to get decent service. Dharma Blue: -10 Pensacola restaurant patrons from all walks of life: 100
This is by far the best restaurant I've been to in the panhandle.  Everything we had was  phenomenal (bruschetta, calamari, sushi, sheepshead, basmati, tuna, & spring rolls), but the service was even better!  If you're looking for a local / non-chain restaurant you won't be disappointed with this place.
I freaking miss this place! Monday sushi specials and drinking at the bar. I try to explain to other sushi chefs how to make the amazon roll, but as I explain the ingredients they look at me as though I am speaking Greek. Dishes can be pricey depending on the meal, but in Pensacola this place is pretty damn special.
Dharma Blue is one of those places that I don't really understand the "theme" of, but I guess it doesn't really matter.  They have sushi and a decent non-Asian  menu as well, everything from pasta and steak to seafood, so really anyone should be happy with the selection.  It is a bit pricey so it probably wouldn't be somewhere you want to go regularly, but it's perfect for the occasional nice dinner out.   I noticed that they recently started offering complimentary valet parking, but if you are familiar with this area of downtown Pensacola, you will likely join me in laughing as this is extremely unnecessary.
So all I have ever heard about this place was get the sushi, but when we went it was lunch & they didn't have any at the time. So all four of us got dif things. I got the Friend Green tomato sandwich it was ok... My brother got the fish tacos wasn't too impressed either.... We will give this place another try but when they sushi. Meals are about 9-13 bucks, GREAT location
I have visited Dharma's several times, and each time was just OK.  Their staff and service is always top notch, but the food leaves something to be desired.  I don't mind paying a bit more for a good meal, but I don't like paying for more than I get. I ordered sushi last time I was there.  The fish tasted like it had be previously frozen.  No taste and mushy texture.  For the price, the presentation should have been better as well.   The ambience is cool, inside and out!  I love the location.  I just can't get over the marginal food.
I love this place! I have come back 3 more times since my last review.  I cant stop looking around at all the crazy art work, my favorite is the bat cat, do you know which one it is!! The other times we sat outside on the deck (at night time of course) watching the people walk by (as we are in downtown Pensacola, and a short walk from the water!!!) I wouldn't think I would love a glass of water so much, I would seriously come just for a tall refreshing glass of water.   I highly recommend the Amazon Roll, its basically a tuna roll topped with avocado and lots of shredded crab.  So far for dessert I have had the creme bur lee and tasted a friends Vanilla cheesecake.  I love both but would choose the cheesecake over the creme bur lee.  I over heard a waitress tell a table next to us that her favorite is the bread pudding, so I will be trying that.   A great place to go dressy or casual.
The best salad we have ever had! I had the seared crab cakes, & my husband had the filet. Both had so much flavor! We enjoyed the intimate atmosphere too.
I was looking for a cozy, romantic spot to take my wife for a late dinner and ended up at Dharma Blue. This converted house (as many restaurants here are) has artwork on the walls, a small alcohol bar and sushi bar. It's located not far from Civil Quarter and has a softly lit park across the street. Parking can be interesting as several other restaurants are nearby with street parking but I didn't have a problem. It seemed like a "go to" area and nearly everyone was smiling & laughing. My favorite part you ask? I was able to pour my own water. I know most people wont understand, but I drink alot of water. Around 6+ glasses each meal. That being said, it's such a bother to wait for your glass to be refilled. At Dharma Blue they leave an old wine bottle with water at your table, which is smart if you ask me because it frees up the server to, serve. ==FOOD== Let me just start by saying that I have eaten at MANY sushi places in the past and that while the rolls tasted fresh at Dharma Blue they were nowhere near my favorite. The sauces they add lack that extra kick of flavor to complete the rolls. Pricing was decent but the $2 extra for soy paper is almost 4X what other places charge. My wife ordered the spicy scallop roll  ($7.00)  with scallops, cucumber, green onions w/ spicy sauce and the crunchy shrimp roll ($7.00) with shrimp, fried tempura batter, cucumber and spicy sauce. Both rolls were just so/so. I ordered the Amazon roll ($10.75) with crunchy tuna topped with avocado, crab salad topping (overflowing) and a Rock 'n' Roll  ($9.00) with eel, avocado, cucumber, spicy sauce topped with smoked salmon. The massive amount of crab on the Amazon was a surprise but both rolls just lacked flavor. Overall, filling but unsatisfying. If I come back, it won't be for the sushi but rather something else while enjoying the atmosphere. ==ROMANTIC== This place seems great for a dinner date or just a night out. You can go eat a meal in a low lit house and then stroll over to the park for a nice walk/talk. The neighborhood is a fun spot to be and worth looking into.
Things I really liked: Calamari, very well executed, comes with two excellent dipping sauces. Self-service water bottle Blackened fish, well executed Things that weren't so hot, but whatever: The server forgot our orders and requests multiple times. Glasses for tea are TINY and with a forgetful server, I was without beverage for a good bit of my meal Way too much dressing on our house salads, not a bad dressing, just a bad amount. There were many people seated outside, and on my way out I got a stiff Heisman from a server carrying a loaded tray without an apology, verbal or non-verbal. Oh well, it's ok. The other times I've been here, the service was better, so I won't knock off a star for that.
Beautiful place love the color and art on the walls. We had good service too. The sweet iced tea was great. I had a fried green tomato sandwich with bacon, cheese, fried green tomatoes, and a honey mustard sauce... I could have lived without the overpowering mustard but the sandwich was so great I didn't mind too much. My friend had a cheeseburger and she said it was one of the bests she's had. Our meals came with a small but delicious green salad (great dressing!) and a choice of pasta salad, fries, and something else I've forgotten. Anyhow the fries were good. Two thumbs up.
I've said it once and I'll say it again... I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The staff is AMAZING!!! The food is FANTASTIC! And the ambiance is fun and comfortable all at the same time. We had a bridal shower at Dharma today... 14 people in all. It was perfect in every way... Great service, And extremely reasonably priced considering the size of the group! Dharma has got it going on! If you haven't been yet... Please... Quit robbing yourself of this culinary experience!!!
I found Dharma Blue on Yelp, and the overall rating encouraged me despite several reviews that were less than promising. Well- after a late evening bite of sushi, "Meh I've experienced better" is the verdict. The good: Good location in historic pensacola Indoor and outdoor dining Dining options for Sushi lovers, and a full menu with lots of other options (american fusion-ish) Pour your own water The bad: The Sushi.  It is actually not even as good as what you can get at Publix (grocery store.) I had one roll (panhandle)  and two orders of Nigiri, so I was able to sample 4 different types of raw fish.  They were all bland and not pleasing on the palate.  If you choose to dine here and go for the Sushi menu- I would try one of the fried or cooked rolls.  Don't disappoint yourself with the raw options. Dirty Tables & crappy chairs.   I dined out doors.  I think inside they had tablecloths, and they do have linen napkins, which I appreciated - but the outside seating needs to be upgraded / updated or at least wiped off between diners.  Sadly, I had the time to completely examine my table while I waited for my beer, and it had a pretty disgusting combo of sticky spots, little dead bugs, rings from earlier beverages and a stray hair or two.  Normally I would have moved or asked for a wipe- but nothing outside looked any better The Meh: Service.  The service was definitely not bad... it was really just not good.  If that makes any sense.  There were a lot of people working for what seemed to be a slow night, but still- slow drinks, slow for food, not a lot of knowledge about the menu, and again- with all those people- couldn't some one wipe the tables?? IF I were to go back or recommend, it would be when I wasn't very hungry, with some good company so that the slow service wouldn't be annoying, and maybe try a few different things that aren't based on raw ingredients.
Although I have only been here for the sushi, it is by far the BEST sushi I have ever eaten. I have tried Sushi in every city I have ever visited, and Dharma Blue is where it's at. Our service was exceptional, the atmosphere was cozy and comfortable. Great date spot too! The Miso Soup was a much larger portion then I was used to, delectable. I strongly suggest the Rock & Roll Sushi Roll, it was incredible. Pricing was average, for Sushi and especially for the quality. It's not like most sushi places, it seems to be more Americanized without taking away from the menu. Stop in if you're passing through, it will be worth your time!
Okay. I have had a lot of sushi in my life. A lot. The amazon roll is my absolute favorite. I would make a special trip to Pensacola to have this sushi. I have been the Dharma Blue sister restaurant in Destin and nothing is as good as Dharma. The crab on the amazon roll is not super creamy and does not over power the roll. The cream cheese can some times make the roll too sweet, but they always seem to get it right here. The main courses are great too. The sun-dried Tomato crusted Grouper being one of my favorites and I don't even like fish. If you're in Pensacola. Eat here. You wont regret it.
Had a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  They have outdoor seating (pet friendly) out front with a nice park across the street.  Service was very good.  Had fried green tomatoes, a portabello sandwich, and a chicken sandwich,  All were very good, especially the portabello sandwich. The lunch menu is smallish, which is fine.  The dinner menu is much larger. They have a very good wine selection as well.  We will return for dinner soon.
Really good. We were there late on a Saturday night with 5 kids, at the end of a very long travel day, and they were most patient and made it a great time.
Have had several things over the years, but the fried green tomatoes keep me coming back! The food & service is very good, prices reasonable and can't say I've had anything I didn't like there!
Really, pasta without parmesan?  Ordered the linguine pasta with shrimp and steak, steak was ok however 3 shrimp for a meal that cost $15.00 is a bit cheap for a restaurant with good reviews.  No butter for the roll and could not taste any garlic with the olive oil.  Very bland,  what the heck is wrong with restaurants, don't they know how to make a simple pasta dish?  Asked for parmesan because it was bland and they said they didn't carry it.
Nice place and I really appreciate what they are trying to do here but all the food we had here was just okay.  The fried green tomato appetizer had so much damn breading on it that I didn't even realize there was a tomato in the middle.  Hummus was dry.  "Spring" rolls were fried.  Maybe just maybe the entrees are better.  Plus the sushi bar was closed.  Wish I loved it.
We like Dharma Blue's menu. We used to go for the Sushi which is pretty good. Great quaint atmosphere for a date.
I think they have changed hands - the menu changed from unique to mainstream and food is ok but not great. It used to be a must visit restaurant for us every time we came to Pensacola, not anymore.
Great food and wonderful service. The food is tasty and well prepared. Get the white chocolate bread pudding. Yahoo!
Awesome food! Very good service. Wife had the Portobello Sandwich, I had the Roast Beef Sandwich, both were fresh n' tasty.
Ok Again I am writing this review a good three weeks after My wife and I had visited the place. We went there for lunch, during the art festival and it was our first weekend here in the area. The wait was like 30 minutes for a table outside and we waited because it was so beautiful outdoors and since we like to people watch it was great. I thought the food was great, if I remember correctly I had the crawfish and grits and the wife had the BLT... It was a limited lunch menu so we didn't get the whole Dharma Blue experience. I will say what we did have was good and we look forward to going back one day to really try the menu at this restaurant.
I have read the reviews for Dharma Blue for the last couple of years, and finally decided to give it a try for a lunch. What a let down! The place is a converted old house located just off Seville Square that you would think would be a good place to enjoy a nice meal. What we got was mediocre food and poor service. I suppose from the reviews that most people that eat here go for the Sushi, but neither my wife or I really care for sushi, so she had the fish tacos and I had one of their specialty sandwiches. The fish tacos were probably the worst that we have had anywhere, and the sandwich wasn't much better. Maybe we hit it on a bad day, but I can only review what we received on our visit. There are much better choices, so I don't think they will get a second chance with me.
Quality of lunch really slipping both as to quality and attention in the kitchen
Best shusi in Pensacola. Good kitchen thaqt prepares good food. Very good service. Nice cafe amosphere. You should not be disappointed.
Went for New Years Eve with a group of 10 (we had reservations), and it was excellent! Great service, fantastic food---from the sushi, to appetizers, to entrees, to martinis and then dessert and coffee none of us were disappointed. Even on such a busy night (granted we went early around 7PM) they were on their game. Cant wait to go back!
When I worked downtown I ate her a few times. Mostly the pasta. It was all right. A little over priced for how bland it is.
The place is really eclectic.  It has everything from steak, pasta, ceviche, to sushi.  Though I have been here multiple times, I must admit that I have only gotten the sushi.  So this is really a review of their sushi bar.  Unlike what bar f. writes, on Monday nights the sushi rolls are $2 off, making tthe large, tasty rolls just $5 to $6 each.  And I know for a fact that they are not a day old.  If you can fill a pretty large appetite on just $16 worth of sushi, I think you have gotten a pretty good deal.  Anyway, moving here from Los Angeles, I am glad to have found a restaurant like this amid Pensacola's Hardees, Krystals, Whataburgers, and Waffle Houses.
Def miss the Blue! I would go to this place all the times when I lived in Good ole' Pcola. Always had to get sum sushi, which is incred (ask for the Volcano which is not on the menu but is simply amazing). Small, quaint little place downtown. Good for a date or a small group of civilized friends. Don't go with a hella loud bunch of ruffians and ruin everyones else evening/afternoon. (I have had this experience. Not my group but they were htere when I was) Its feels like your having dinner in someones house that you don't know. Check this place out!
Great place. We love sitting outside but inside is great as well. Great selection from duck to fish tacos and the daily specials are always amazing. A must go when in town.
Went to Dharma Blue for lunch today - tremendous as always! I had the grilled mahi-mahi sandwich. My wife had the curry chicken lentil soup, as well as the quiche of the day. Yummy across the board! Dharma Blue is my favorite downtown restaurant, so be sure to put it on your list!
Sushi: OH. MY. GOD. It was the best sushi of my life!! My significant other and I went with another couple on a weeknight. Girls had wine, guys had beer. We ordered 2 appetizers, the hummus and the panko shrimp. Both were great, but if you don't like fried I don't recommend the shrimp as it is quite crunchy. We went with the intention of ordering sushi, and boy did we! My boyfriend and I decided to order 2 rolls each, to have a variety. I ordered the crunchy shrimp and the Destin roll, which has tuna avocado, green onion, and a spicy sauce. My boyfriend got a baked scallop roll (DELICIOUS) and a California roll with no fish eggs becaue he doesn't like them. But.. The Destin Roll was TO DIE FOR. The tuna was the absolute freshest I've ever eaten. It should be known that I've been craving sushi since that night, but I'm afraid to eat it anywhere else because I know it won't be as good! The Destin roll was so good that we ordered another one. We're gluttons, I know. The service was a bit slow at first (dinner rush) but as we sat there later and later, the guy was attentive and he was always very nice. We didn't mind so much because we were all chatting anyway. The atmosphere was cool, chill. We sat by the window and it went from late afternoon until night while we sat there. There is artwork hanging all over the walls, which is awesome, and the dining areas are painted with cool colors. I would LOVE to go back and definitely would if I weren't moving. 5 stars all the way!
Awesome, awesome, awesome. Great food, great ambience and great service! You gotta try it!
This is certainly a spot my husband and I will revisit! He had a seasonal beer, I had a glass of wine from a wine list better than some but not as extensive as others. We shared two sushi rolls that were delicious yet one was topped with K-rab Salad rather than real lump crab meat salad (this is the reason we decided to give them 4 rather than 5 stars). And we also shared a blackened chicken special served with cheese grits, fried green tomatoes and a spicy mustard buerre blanc that was simply something to write home about! Our server, John, was very pleasant and attentive. I would def recommend Dharma Blue,  just not the K-rab salad topped sushi roll.
Had dinner here on our first night in Pensacola.  It is such a charming little place with a relaxed atmosphere inside and out.  The walls and decorations are as colorful as any drawing you can make with a giant box of crayola crayons.   My girlfriends and I were craving sushi and that's what drew us here, but the selection and quality of the sushi was mediocre.  They do serve sake and it was mediocre as well.   With that said, we also ordered the hummus platter and it was beautifully presented and delicious.  Another dish we tried was the seafood salad and it was fresh.  The portions are fairly healthy as well.  The rest of the menu looked delicious and had good variety.
This place is pretty good.  I know a lot of people like to go here for sushi.  I think their sushi is okay but the regular menu is where I think this place shines.  Their portions are kind of small for the price but the selections are usually interesting.  Their desserts are good too!
I was in Pensacola for a conference and there was no way I was eating at the crappy hotel restaurant (actually the hotel was nice but since the restaurant was completely empty I just didn't get a warm fuzzy feeling about the food.) I used the nearby function on the yelp app and Dharma Blue seemed to have the best overall reviews in close proximity to the hotel and also the best chance of having some gluten free menu items since they had sushi and other seafood.  I got the grilled fish special, when I opened the container I wasn't blown away by the presentation but I gave them a pass on that since it was takeout and I also asked to not include whatever bread would have come with it.  OMG I had to look up mustard beurre blanc so I can make it at home.  I just cannot express how good that sauce was.  The fish was quite thick and yet still cooked perfectly, not dry at all.  The next day I had the fish special again and also the seared tuna, which was so pretty I did take a picture of it.  They also had a nice artsy atmosphere / decor inside.
Great place to eat! Always consistent, always fresh, always great service.
I've been here for both lunch and dinner and I will say that I prefer the dinner menu. The lunch menu consists of daily specials, usually salads and quiche and then their usual sandwiches and appetizers. Although it's a nice place to go eat with co workers (mostly lawyers and those involved in medicine eat here) it's also comfortable enough to sit and visit with friends. This place is small, so it can feel a bit claustrophobic at times, so beware of big crowds! However the dinner menu is lovely and the atmosphere is much more laid back, making it perfect for a romantic dinner or even a nice treat for a parent or sibling. The service is top notch and the place is spotless. What really gives them big points in my book is how friendly they are to the gay community, this place has been written up in many recognized alternative lifestyle magazines and I can see why! If you're visiting Pensacola, or if you're new to the area, Dharma Blue is a must.
I've loved this place for nearly a decade. I hope it never ever goes away. So many great memories with friends here. The menu has never disappointed. Strongly recommend reservations - they are always packed, and it is kindof a small place with a well-known reputation.
Dharma Blue has morphed into Dharma Bad. Service maybe top notch, but the quality and calibre of the food is just blah. Their fish taco (which you can't ruin) was so ordinary it consisted of flour tortilla small fish and a huge dollop of salsa, that's it, snooze alert, go anywhere else you at least get a shred of cabbage, a sprig of cilantro, something that would distinguish it as a fish taco, not a fish wrap. It wasn't my criticism alone, the discussion amongst my table and the table next to ours was WTF, why did we order this.  Then our discussion went to, they musta changed ownership. Dharma had consistently good original food, but to shell out $15.00 for this was absurd.
This is probably one of the better places in pensacola, but that is not saying much! That said, I highly enjoyed this place. It's a unique fusion in that it's almost two different restaurants in one. One menu is modern american with a seafood focus, while the other is a pretty extensive sushi menu for a non-Japanese restaurant. I tried the bruschetta, amazon roll, and dragon roll. The bruschetta was really tasty and I could probably eat that as a meal since I love bread. The rolls were much better than I expected as well. The amazon roll was covered with a yummy crab salad which really adds to an otherwise basic roll. It would be decent on itself, but the crab elevates it. They were out of soft shell crab so I replaced it with tuna in the dragon roll. It was good, nothing special, but you can't mess up a dragon roll. The rolls themselves weren't huge, so if you're really hungry, order three rolls. Thankfully, the bread was warm, soft, and awesome!
Downtown Pensacola.  Close to the beach but a lot less crowded.  Food is good.  Love the eclectic artwork inside & the front porch with tables. 3 different fish prepared 3 different ways.  Great selection & fresh.
Organized a big group dinner here for a bunch of my friends from FWB. The staff was extremely accomodating and helpful, even though it was a busy Friday evening and a Gallery Night. They were able to adjust to our request and put a couple of tables together for us in a back room, and serve us all even though a few people showed up late. Tried three of their sushi rolls- all delicious and fresh. Also had a bite of a friend's steak- it was amazing. He is pickie about his steak, and he loved it. Overall, loved the decor and the ambience, the food was yummy, but service definitely was the winning factor.
We went on the recommendation of another local restaurant that was sold out. We were a big party (7 plus a baby) so they put us in the back. I would say the only detractor is that room is VERY loud, terrible acoustics. That said, food, service were all terrific. We had a great waiter - sorry forgot his name - who took care of us and was incredibly attentive, and had great recommendations. I had the caper chicken, which was delicious. My companions enjoyed the amberjack special - minus crab cakes as they'd run out - and the sirloin. The key lime pie is plate licking good! I did refrain - too many people to witness...
The restaurant has a very intimate setting. Relaxing with dim lighting. The menu isn't very large. It's comprised of mostly sushi. The food was just okay. Cocktails were excellent.
first, love the venue, dated house with tons of character, local art, open space, plenty of tables, clean and bright. Service is good. Prices average, a little on the high side. Food: the menu is half sushi half seafood/americana, literally, one page for each. I had two rolls (they didn't have brown rice, a small disappointment): octopus and tuna, both good. The tuna special (seared, with mashed potatoes) was spectacular.
This restaurant has really gone downhill and it is such a shame. It used to be one of my favorite places and I don't think I will ever go back after my most recent visit. Their menu is now very small, mostly sushi, and the portions are very small but the prices are very expensive. I ordered the duck breast and was disappointed at how fatty and how much gristle there was. Also when it came time to pay our waitress had apparently dropped money on the way over and handled the situation very poorly. We asked her to speak to a manager about it and she laughed about it and told us no because then it would come out of her paycheck. It turned out that the manager had found the money on the ground because she knew someone would be looking for it. So we really went through a whole a lot of fuss because of the waitress's unprofessional actions. I spoke to a few people about my experience in the days that followed and they all agreed it has been going downhill. I would choose to go somewhere else if I were you.
My other half and I decided on Dharma Blue tonight because we have never been before and we have heard great reviews about the place from all of our friends. We get seated at 7:35pm in a very quaint section, window view, and the ambience was wonderful. Candle lit table...ect.. Our waitress, never got her name, came to the table after we had set there for just a few minutes, and we ordered our drinks and starter. 15 mins later we received our drinks and 30 mins of being seated we received our starter, which was the calamari fried with house dipping sauce. The calamari was over cooked and rubbery. We didn't even finish it we just pushed it to the side. I mean I manage a restaurant and understand if the kitchen is backed up from a large table or party or more than one large table but appetizers and drinks are number one to come out and quick, quick meaning less than 30 minutes. We ordered our entrees when our drinks came out and of course I order the filet of beef and my other half orders the duck, knowing that it would take an extra amount of time than usual dishes because ours had to cook longer. Both meals came with salads and I opted out of mine. 50 minutes into being seated the salad arrives to the table, romaine lettuce that was wilted, not crisp and not very appetizing to look at from my point of view. Manderin oranges over the top with their house dressing. 50 MIN.!!!! So by then I was a little aggravated but not so much that this would cause me to  lose focus on the fact that this was a night that I was sharing with the one I love because we rarely get the opportunity to go out to eat because of our work schedules. Our entree dishes came out a little over an hour after we had been seated. My filet of beef was ok, but not anything to rave about. The vegetables were very mushy and the texture was like the insides of a pumpkin you pull out at Halloween. My other half had the lamb and overall the sauce was the best part. Vegetables were the same. As we get finished with our dinner we slide them to the edge of table, so to make the waitstaff aware that we were finished. 10 minutes later they finally get removed, meanwhile in the mist of that time and during our entire experience there was no teamwork with the employees and at least 5 waitstaff/ employees standing around doing nothing! The least they could do was come by and remove the dishes or help out where they were needed. It seemed to me that all the waitstaff was out for themselves and they could make the experience  better by showing their customers that everyone is responsible for everything and help everywhere they are needed. The waitress came by and took our plates and we asked for the check. When she came back I stopped her for a moment and asked her to be honest with me and let me know if she was busy with a lot of tables tonight, was the kitchen backed up, was she taking care of so many tables/ customers she was overwhelmed and I asked her to be honest with me because this answer she was going to give me was my deciding factor on what size tip I was going to give her. I understand more so than others what a lot of tables and no teamwork will do to somebody. She replies that there was a huge ticket from a huge table before us and we were pushed back food wise, and she had more tables than most of the waitstaff, she then replied that she was sorry and it is usually never like this and sold us on coming back to dine in, I found her answers to be genuine from what I saw from the rest of the waitstaff and needless to say she was left a very nice tip on a hundred dollar tab. I would probably never go back
We sat inside, because the heat and humidity was intense outside.  The inside is larger than I thought that it would be, but is still intimate and cozy. My girlfriend had a dragon roll, which was large and looked great.  I had four pieces of nigiri.  I liked the fish roe and the tuna nigiri, which had thick slices of raw, fresh tuna.  My only criticism is that the rice balls were too small for the slices of fish.  I suppose most folks wouldn't complain about that, but I like the texture of the rice when I'm chomping on pieces of raw fish. Good wine list, although the beer selection is somewhat limited.  I'd say that Dharma's is a good destination for your 8th date, or maybe a good place for a first date, if you want to drop a load of cash in the hope of eternal romance.  The sushi was reasonably priced and delivered more quickly than anywhere else I've been, although it was on the front cusp of regular dinnertime.   The staff was efficient and polite.  The little nook where we were nestled would have been cozy, if not for the braying of a large group of women that made more noise than a fully-loaded 767 straining for take-off on a short runway.  I think this place probably gets pretty loud when it is busy, especially later at night when most people have some drinks down their gullets.
Nice little upscale place. Menu has a southern flair and the sushi menu is pretty custom/extensive. Built from an old home the atmosphere is pretty nice inside. Street side tables overlooking the park across the street are great in the early evening when it cools off outside.  Relaxed attire is fine but dressy looks just as in place.
Amazing sushi. Great atmosphere. For the spicy shrimp, 5 flag, backdown, crunch crab and a couple other rolls. Amazing! Great place for a date night. Good wine list as well.
QUALITY.  ELEGANCE.  CLASS. These are all words that immediately come to mind when I think of Dharma Blue - possibly the best restaurant in Pensacola.  This is the first place I started eating sushi almost 10 years ago and I simply could not appreciate DB the way I do now.   Dharma Blue does not specialize in crazy fusion sushi with special sauces and creative combinations.  They don't need to.  The quality ingredients and skilled chefs make DB's sushi a cut above the rest.  It's more about precision with them.  I almost look at them like Pink Floyd - a band that didn't always play extremely complex music but did what they did so well and with so much precision that it was perfect just the way it was. Now I don't want to mislead - Dharma Blue certainly has some non-traditional sushi (the cowboy roll - with steak inside is one of my favorites) and their non-sushi dinner entrees are actually pretty unique and creative.  But fusion sushi just isn't what makes this restaurant great. Apart from Dharma Blue deserving a solid 5 stars on food alone, they are also worthy of a 5 star rating in the areas of service and atmosphere.  This is just a perfect restaurant all around and the class of Pensacola.
They seem to no longer serve sushi. I had the fried green tomatoes, they were prepared well. My dining companion had the pa need chicken and said it was good but the chicken appeared to be frozen not fresh. For $22 dollars it was a fair meal,but not particularly a place I would frequent.
This is a great restaurant but they should advertise that they don't take to go orders after 9 o'clock on a Friday night when they close at 10 o'clock. I was really looking forward to some of their sushi and then got denied.  Sake cafe here I come
My family and I are here visiting Pensacola Beach for Spring Break and my son & I were craving some sushi. We are pretty peculiar about it...  We stumbled across this lovely spot on an Internet search :) this place was great, from the atmosphere, lighting, the guy that sat us set the mood... I was in jeans and tee w/ sandals.. 17 year old son was in muscle tee and cargo shorts... We asked if we were underdressed since they had the whole candlelight thing going.. He sat us in a corner to hide us he said,,, ;) Our waiter Matt was awesome! Recommended his favorite rolls.. amazon roll and crunchy creamy roll! Awesome!! The water is served in a glass (wine like bottle) It has been the only decent water we have had since we have been here... He was very attentive and took the time to chat w/ us :) I will definitely come back and recommend this little hidden secret to anyone I know :) I even tracked down the manager on our way out to let her know how pleased we were!
My friend and I had been looking forward to trying this place and left underwhelmed. We started with an order of the fried green tomatoes and we both thought the batter was some mix of Bisquick and corn bread and the sauce was more honey that mustard.  It was just okay.  I prefer them to be coated in panko or cornmeal and served with plain old buttermilk ranch. I ordered one of the daily specials - duck and sausage gorditas with homemade potato chips.  Sounds delicious, right?  In reality, the meat made up about 5% of the filling.  (I actually dug for it after not getting any meat in the first couple bites.)  The other 95% was lettuce, a sh*t ton of (previously frozen?) corn and a few caramelized onions.  My friend ordered the chicken salad sandwich and let me try a little.  It was bland and skimpy on the promised pecans.  (Is the restaurant holding back on the pricier ingredients?  Hmmmm.)  We both agreed that the chicken salad came nowhere near our current fave at the Corner Cafe in FWB.   We haven't completely written this place off.  The service was good and the decor was cute.  There are a lot of innovative an tasty-sounding things on the menu.  Maybe it was an off day?
