We love Adventure Island! We have been coming here for years and it has become a summer tradition for our family and friends. Our kids (now 10 &13) love having the freedom to roam the (not huge) park while us grown ups enjoy the Chiki Huts and the lazy river. We always like to either rent a Chiki hut (reserve online ahead of time to make sure they are not sold out) or to sit near the chiki huts and bring our own beach umbrellas. That area is off the beaten path so not crowded, is close to restrooms and food (Mango Joe's), and is close to a lazy river entrance. Rent a locker to stash your valuables while floating around the river! We usually bring a cooler full of food and drinks (no bigger than 15 inches on any side) because all of the food is junk. But if you like to eat junk you'll love it! The kids (ok maybe me too) usually get an ice cream treat of some sort though. If you are a Florida resident you can get a summer weekday pass for the price of a regular admission...we usually visit AI at least a couple times every summer. Don't let the rain or threat of rain deter you! It rains every day in the summer here...no biggie. Fun for all ages.
My son loves this place. He is 9 and can ride just about everything. We always bring a friend so we can relax at the wave pool.
Last summer, we finally experienced Adventure Island and loved every moment we spent there. For the younger tadpoles, here are two play areas specially designed for younger children.  Attentive lifeguards watch each swimming area very closely.  My older children loved all the water rides. If you're looking for ways to entertain the kids over summer break, the weekday season pass is the best value. During the week, the park is less crowded. Buy one annual pass to save money on parking and buy weekday passes for the kids. Small coolers are allowed in park, so pack a lunch and save even more.
"Better than Disneyland" according to my daughter (she is 8) and nieces (they are 10) and I have to agree (45 haha). We are a water family so this is our kind of place. Rides are so fun. Park is clean. Water is clean. I was expecting a "pee per pool" (like South Park episode) but I was pleasantly surprised. Staff is nice and helpful. **spend the money and get a cabana bc it has shade, security, locker and refrigerator.  If no cabana avail get a hut--they are also good but no refrigerator. **bring your own food **buy tickets online before you go to save money and no line
This is the best water park on the weekdays. It is completely dead, you can find a lounge if you're there in the morning and just park yourself there all day. Lockers are kind of expensive, but if you only bring your towel and your wallet, they have cheaper wallet lockers. Also, if you're a pass member, guest relations will hold your pass for you. Another feature I utilize is the Caribbean Coin. You can put cash or card on a wristband and you don't have to carry money around. I absolutely love that because I don't want my stuff stolen. What a bummer. I'm not one to do all the rides, but if key west is open, definitely try that out. I like the lazy river the best because I am... Lazy. I'd go for the weekday pass for the kids over the summer since it only runs about $50 and they don't need the free parking or discounts. Good deal overall.
We did have a fun day but the kids liked Blizzard Beach at Disney much much more.  I was surprised how small the place was for the money.  Additionally 2 rides were closed (portion of the lazy river and a family tube ride) which they did not announce online.  This was extremely disappointing as we had an 8 and 10 year old.  We spent most of the day in the tide pool.  For $30 a piece on average with $12 parking that was not what we wanted. The one terrific feature of Adventure Island was the cabana we rented for $139 for the day.  What a treat!  It was really a party tent but who cares in 90 degree weather!  It has a table with 4 chairs, 2 lounge chairs, and a locker with a key for your stuff and also has a  mini fridge inside.  They kept the waters coming and we were given free towels to take home all in the price.  Additionally a terrific gentleman named Kyle was our cabana attendant and took care of our drink and food orders as well.  It was nice to have a place to keep our stuff safe and know that our chairs would always be available. One great suggestion as well is to bring a cooler and use the mini fridge for food.  You are allowed to bring in a cooler no larger than 15 inches on any side.  This was certainly big enough for us to bring in 4 sandwiches, juices, snacks, fruit, etc.  We saved a ton of money doing this.  We only needed to purchase beers and ice cream after that! :-)
My husband and I come to this water park almost every year since we moved to Tampa bay.  We definitely take advantage of their military discount and all that but the regular admission is about $40 plus the $10 parking.  However, if you buy the multi park admissions (along with Busch Garden) you will get a better deal.   They have enough kinds of slides (from thrilling ones to kiddies).  However some of the slides you want to be careful about.  Once I got my bathing suit taken off my body because of one of their slides.  Thank god it was a lady pool guard who saw the whole accident lol.  I love their big wave pool.   The food and drinks inside are moderately priced.  They do not really sell varieties of food.  What you get is pretty much pizza, fries, hot dogs and chicken fingers...nothing more than that.  However they do sell alcohol so adults can enjoy too!   I have not been to too many water parks so this is the best water park I have gone to.  I would like to try Aquatica and Typhoon Lagoon this year.
Very fun place, But like every place else too many rules which takes the fun out of everything. Just let people and kids play and have fun. People get hurt and things happen.
This place was fun. I love water and I love rides, so this place was a great day. We the vip cabana places which was nice for keeping our things safe but other than that it was pricey just for shade and locker when you could just set your blanket out under a shady tree and still get the same amount of seclusion. The rides were fun, but the lines were long and the kids were notorious for cutting, which is annoying when you have been standing in line for thirty minutes in the hot sun while a drenched little brat runs up to the front to cut. The workers didn't seem to care either. The lazy river was dirty and the wave pull was not as exciting as it was made out to be. Everything was so overpriced. I have been to cheaper places in California. I would say it is a fun treat if you bought the passes for the year, but if not skip it and go to the beach.
Very disappointing for a park owned by SeaWorld and Busch Gardens. It was dirty, garbage everywhere and lots of disgusting debris in the pools. Regular attendees of the park stake their claims on every single table, picnic table and chair in the park, so even after we purchased our $44 lunch for 4, which was hot dogs and fries... There wasn't any place to sit because every table was consumed with coolers, towels and shoes even though the owners of the items were no where to be found. We wanted ice cream and the ice cream shop was "out of everything to make a sundae" and the clerk said they had not been restocked for a week. He sent us to another ice cream and snack shop and the cashier told us she had been out of ice cream for two weeks, was out of nachos and every snack other than pretzels. She said, "it really sucks." The lazy river had very few tubes, so even after walking the river twice, we gave up on locating a tube and got out. I love to swim and they do not have a single family pool that would accommodate actual swimming. I won't be back.
After living in California for the past seven years and not having a legit water park to visit, this place is amazing!  I used to spend many summers here as a kid.  As long as your child is 42 inches they can ride nearly every ride.  If your child is smaller, no worries as the splash zone is a really fun place to spend some time with 4 smaller slides children of all sizes can ride.  Life guards monitor the bottom of slides and ensure people place tubes/mats back to allow for other patrons to have a turn.  You're allowed to bring in coolers less than 15 inches in width, length, and height.  Plenty of area for you to find a place to put your belongings down and enjoy the day.  If the park closes due to weather you may get a rain check which must be used in seven business days.
" Get your ya-ya's   in the wa-wa  ADVENTURE ISLAND " This was a commercial that ran on local TV for the duration of my childhood, and for the duration of the time I was a child I always wanted to go to Adventure Island. Water slides! Water guns! Watermelons! Are you catching a theme here? As a kid I used to think this park was huge and the slides scary. I would ride the wave pool with abandon, fly down the longer slides getting massive wedgies in my suit., getting burns from heading down the slides so quickly. As I've grown I find I now prefer the lazy river and laying on the "beach" catching rays - leave the scary 90 degree angle mile-high slides to the young-ins. It's also lost its luster - now it just seems a little outdated, not as shiny, but it's still better than many other waterparks out there and I would take a day on the lazy river any Florida summer day.
I really expected more from this park. Well its a waterpark a lot of 'icky' factors.. specially when there are a lot of kids. I have the 2yr pass... (including bg and sw) I was most of the time in the lazy river chilling.. I tried all the rides and it was fun! But nothing special.. I seen better... I guess for kids is a great place :)
This place has something for everybody and it's not as expensive as Disney. I just wish they didn't use so much chlorine, my eyes were burning forever. But I would totally go back again
Took my son here and we had a very relaxing day. We got there a little late about 10:00 so there was no place for us to sit with chairs, but we found a grassy shady spot and put our things down and enjoyed the day. They do have plenty of places to sit as long as you get there early. Also they have cabanas you can rent for the day which could come in very handy if you have a multiple people that are going. Also you can still bring smaller coolers in which can make for a very inexpensive day. If you choose not to bring a cooler there are plenty of places to eat and gets snakes and drinks.
I haven't been here in about 4 years but according to their website not much has changed. Last time I was here was when they opened their newest ride at the time,Wahoo Run. A HUGE purple enclosed water tube ride where 6-8 people would fit in a single raft. I was 16 at the time and this ride would make me scream. Coolers are permitted and there's plenty of places to grab a seat within the park. Best time to go would be mid-week, because Saturdays can get busy. Driving here can also be rough because Bush Gardens is directly across the street and traffic can be a little insane on the weekends. I always found that we would set up a picnic table near the Everglides ride. Plenty of shade and room to spread out, also an entrance to the lazy-river was nearby. The only downside to the park is that yes, it's located in the lightning capital of the nation so expect the summer thunderstorms to sneak up on you. Arrive early and BRING SUNSCREEN. They sell sunscreen but I recall it being overpriced, and bring your own food too! The park does close down if thunder/lightning is in the area...but I have been there and the park usually reopens if the weather passes within a half hour. Good time to take a lunch break if this occurs.
I'm from Philadelphia so I've been able to experience  a few water parks.  This park is SMALL, which is great because you don't need a map to navigate, less so if you plan on spending all day here. The cost is high for what you actually receive especially compared to other parks. The low stars aren't for the size though. The place is filthy  and  not well maintained.  The smell of urine permeates and rides are cracked (although the wooden structures and walkways are new. Setup is disjointed, receiving  tubes not near the ride and having to walk a ways to the entrance. No one enforces rules, lazy river was filled with people horse playing, not on tubes, stackcking etc and the life guards didn't bat an eye. Would not recommend until they clean things  up and actually care about safety and sanitation.
Still one of my favorite waterparks ever.  I remember as a kid how big I used to think this place was.  Not SO big anymore, but still pretty good compared to others I've been to before.   Admission isnt' bad, but you can usually find some good package deals so you can go to Busch Gardens as well (located right down the street!).  Again otherwise look for Florida resident specials or AAA to book tickets. There are lockers conveniently located at the entrance of the park so you can store all your dry clothes and other misc things you dont' want to get wet. Cool thing about this place is you can even bring your own cooler for refreshments and such! Just no glasses and no alcohol please - this IS a family amusement park after all w/ pple running around barefoot.   There are tons of crazy slides to go one, but my favs are the ones you go through IN a tube or WITH a tube :)  Ladies - hold on to your tops, i've seen many accidental peek-a-boos occur after going down a slide.... um.. not personal experience.. *ahem* Anywys, other personal park favorites include the lazy river and the high dive at the paradise lagoon.
This is a great water park. we use to take a big group.if your a Florida resident it's cheaper and you can some time's find coupon's. with Busch Garden's right down the street you can make a weekend out of it.If your family loves the water this place will wear out your kid's.
Parking lot is the hilliest place in all of Florida. Water park is cool and they have stuff for all ages.
We purchased tickets for Seaworld, Busch Gardens, Aquatica and Adventure Island.  We had never been to Adventure Island but heard so many good things about this park we figured why not. We had a BLAST!  There are many things here that you do not see at the water parks in Orlando.  And they allow coolers!  For this being the park(ownership wise) we enjoyed this park much better than Aquatica.  The crowds were less and this park is laid out better than Aquatica.  My kids had a blast.  There are several kiddy areas at this park that my four year old would have been content playing in all day!  My two older kids loved the bigger kid rides.  Of course they were disappointed to leave.  Mom and Dad too!
Nice place. Best for kids.  Aquatica had better rides.
I enjoy visiting the water park during the summer, especially for the Island Nights where the park stays open until 9pm.  Nice combination of thrill and tube slides available, as well as the lazy river and wave pool.
Had a great day here with the girls.
