If you've been to the Dallas Bull, you know it's country down stairs and dance music up stairs.  Decent bar with specials most nights.  Other drinks are steep, so stick with the specials if you can.   Note, it is the cover charge type of place...so you're going to pay $10 before you see a beverage. Big open space so you don't smell a lot of smoke. The staff is very friendly and know their mixology... Good music and bands now and then... Lots of positives for this place.
I don't understand the place. Country downstairs and rap upstairs. 18 & up sucks big time. Every time I go here there are kids fighting inside and in the parking lot. The parking situations sucks too.
To be honest, I've always had a great time when I came here. The bartenders are fast and funny, drinks are good and I've always enjoyed Thursday night ladies night! The only downfalls are that the bouncers can be kind of... Weird. They constantly question valid ID's (they've done it to me several times) and it gets kind of annoying to constantly have to vouch for my very of age I.D. Concerts get pretty crowded too but that's to be expected really. Overall, a good time for drinks and country!
I love this place! In the couple weeks that I had stayed in Tampa, I had gone to Dallas Bull twice. I'm from Orlando, so I always go to Cowboys Orlando, on Thursday Ladies nights. Dallas Bull is very similar, expect way better. First off, the place is huge. Imagine a warehouse transformed into a dance club. The first level has a large dance floor, pool, and a few bars. Unfortunately, you are allowed to smoke in there, BUT, the place is well ventilated so you don't reek of smoke when you go home. The second level has a smaller dance floor where they mainly play Top 40 and hipe hop. There is a large opening in the second level so you can look down to the first level dance floor. On Thus Ladies night, everyone pays $5 to get in. For females, you get five drink tickets. Each drink ticket equals one free beer. Good deal yeah! I wish I could go here for a concert, they have big acts playing here for cheap. I wish more that this place was in Orlando!
I left before I even got to see the artist play, so much for $50 in tix. Too many people for a venue that allows smoking when their A/C is down and one bar tender per bar can't handle 2000 sweaty and thirsty patrons. Don't advertise this place for anything more than it is, an overpriced under staffed honky tonk dive.
If I could give them Zero stars I would. Look please stay the hell AWAY from this place!!! You will not get it in at all. These stupid ass "bouncers" believe that real IDs are fake IDs. Like honestly are they stupid or just too fat and there diabetes is damaging their eyesight to the point where they have to ask us questions about our IDs. Like this club plays music that Betty White would listen to when she was 5. Honestly just keep your money in you pocket and head in the opposite direction. They tried to charge us $5 to use the ATM and the BATHROOM!!! HOW FUCKING RIDICULOUS IS THAT, LIKE HONESTLY THIS CLUB IS DESPERATE FOR MONEY!! Please save your money and stay away unless you want you real IDs to be taken and be charged money to have access to basic necessities .Amen
I missed the practice session of line dancing but you can still pick up the dances quick. The music upstairs didnt pick up until after 12. It was only $5 to get in. Be sure to watch someone ride the bull! Ok I just updated my review from 4 to 3 stars because I woke up and my entire apartment stinks from all the second hand smoke. They could easily make people smoke outside.
This is a country bar through and through. I went with friends to the Chris Cagle concert.  Tickets were $5 cheaper if you bought it before the day of (but you had to pay a $4 online convenience fee, so if you were only buying one ticket, it kind of evened out).  Even though there was a line outside, it moved pretty fast.  I'm actually surprised how inexpensive the tickets were.  $10 to see Chris Cagle sing?  Yes please! The first thing I noticed about this place was plaid, and lots of it.  This is not a place where you dress up in your fancy dresses and high heels.  This is plaid and cowboy boots all the way.  There are a couple bars, but it still takes a while to get a drink. If you don't like country you will not like this place, but if you do or do not feel strongly either way, then it is a good place to check out.  Tons of people dancing, laid back, good music, it is a solid place to go to get your dance on.
Perfect country bar if you like to line dance!! The DJ's at the Bull have a perfect variety of country music to line dance to.  For those who don't like country music the second floor has hip hop dance music. It's like 2 clubs split into one.
Who doesn't LOVE country music?! I know. I know. Almost everyone that I ask that question raises their hand. Well, shame on you! Come get your line dancing on here on Friday nights. $3 Jack Daniels. Not to mention, when they have live bands play, it's only a $15 cover at the door! $10 in advance. Seriously, can you beat a night like that? After about 11 drinks and not being able to turn in circles due to the lack of my sobriety, it's hard to say I left without a HUGE smile on my face. Give it a shot! (pun totally intended)
Visited once some time back....simply because it is probably the largest daning/drinking venue in the county.  It makes a real barn look small.  Two floors for dancing, drinking, bull-riding, and people watching.  A parking lot big enough for a megachurch.  No meals served...maybe bagged/pickled snacks to supplement the SoCo, Black Jack & BuLite for a balanced diet. Although I am married, settled and not shopping, I suspect this may be a prime hook-up opportunity as the beer goggles get better with every adjustment.. Watching the line dancers is intimidating. Free lessons simply convince you of the impossibility of your doing what you can see all of them doing effortlessly.   So, order another beer, find a convenient leaning post and watch those who were born to this.
This place makes me want to invest in cowgirl boots. Seriously, you may not think it, but line dancing is surprisingly fun. I've actually gone here quite a few times (maybe cause it's just down the road from me) and I've had fun every single time. Granted, I drink an inexcusable amount each time I go ( $3 nightly drink specials.) and the $5 cover offends me on a visceral level (being a 21+ female) that doesn't deter from the fun! I have not been fortunate enough to go on a Ladies night yet, but I have been on a Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday and had fun each time. The best way to experience this is to try to actually go out on the dance floor and do the line dances. Learn by attempting and generally making a... uh.. donkey's butt out of yourself initially, but you'll eventually get it! The first few times I went, I either didn't have the shoes for line dancing or was too embarrassed to try. However, once someone dragged me out on the floor, I actually had a blast! Not into line dancing? Well, they have pool tables and on weekends, IIRC, they have a DJ playing top 40 hip hop music upstairs. Really, there's something for everyone! So, just go and give it a try!
Came here on my first night in Tampa. A definite Southern experience. No, I'm not a huge fan of country music but went for the over all experience. Put my flannels and boots on and fit right in. I enjoyed trying to line dance the country style but didn't quite catch on. There are a lot of different styles... lol. The drunker you get the better you thin your doing. Second floor was Hip Hop/ Dance music. I like that it was diverse and I could get a break from the country music when necessary. I also loved that I could feel like I really did some Country Line Dancing... Cha Cha Slide, Juke Slide and Electric Slide all done upstairs! ha! The drinks were pretty strong and bar tenders were ok. I was a little sad that the Bull was broken, I was looking forward to that. That woulda made the whole experience complete. I had a great time though and loved the diversity. I'll be back if I'm ever back in Tampa!
WOW! What a place!!!!! I'm a latina! Salsa dancing, merengue, and reaggaeton run in my blood! So just imagine! I was brought into Country LAND! What a change!!! It was great!!!! :) I've been to country clubs before, but none like this one. First of all, it's HUGE! and there are lots of things to do. The dance floor is really big! You have a great mechanical bull (that looks like fun!), there are pool tables and also arcade games and things. You have bars everywhere you turn I think there is 4 in the first floor. The place is really comfortable, it never got super crowded, but crowded enough to have fun. You don't wanna feel left out? Wear tight jeans, shorts, cowboy shirts, and your country boots! You will fit right in! The line dancing is incredible, and looks like fun. The only thing is that the dancefloor is not free dancing.. so if you are not doing the actual choreograph dance then they will tell you to move. (I really didnt like that) I never went to the second floor so I can't review that. The parking was a lil bit of a pain, there is free parking (super small), payed parking (which is bigger) and valet (when I went it was 7$) I was able to find a free parking spot, after like 15min or driving around. I would love to go back. Not a every weekend things, but once in a  while. I would love to take my friends from South Florida I know they will love it. hahaha...
Loved this place!  i was in town visiting a friend and we went here on a thursday night.  It was packed. The 5 dollar covered included 6 tickets for drinks (3 doubles) for girls. . .the acoustics were great - i could be line dancing downstairs and not hear anything above, they i could go above to do some hip hop and i couldn't here anything downstairs.   The bull was cool, but not the main attraction for me.  It was nice they had so much room!!!!   I would definitely come back next time i visit Tampa. The only thing i really didn't like was the smoking.  Coming home with everything smelling like smoke was just gross!
Thursday night is ladies night =)) They put on great concerts! Line dancing double plus (stick to the first floor for that) Just avoid the 18+ nights. Good luck on the bull the woman who operates it can be brutal
I don't really care for country music, but the Dallas Bull does have a very unique and cool atmosphere.  The huge, barn like building has plenty of room for dancing and concerts.  The concert tickets are reasonably priced; I saw Big and Rich play here live back in 2004 for only $15! The drinks are super cheap.  My only gripe is that the Bull doesn't serve food and there are no restaurants close by so don't go to the Bull on an empty stomach!
This place was pretty cool.  Live music on Fridays for $15, very affordable drinks, two stories of dancing. However, smoking is allowed, and that was a bummer.  Also, there's nowhere close to being enough seating, so wear comfortable shoes or be prepared to get there more than 2 hours before the show (we got there 1.5 hours early and still had to stand the whole time).  Also, be aware that since alcohol is so darned cheap here, there are a lot of intoxicated people around.
The Dallas Bull never disappoints! Having been a regular on Thursday nights, we decided to give Saturday a try. The crowd was light in the early hours but it sure got crowded around 11pm. Bar service was decent and I didn't have to wait too long to get a drink. My only complaint is that the new DJ doesn't count in the songs which leads to chaos on the dance floor as many people don't know when to start the line dance correctly. This lead to me getting stepped on quite a few times (which is not fun when people are wearing cowboy boots and think they know how to line dance). Hopefully they will get the DJ to start counting in the songs!
I have been going to the Bull to get my line dancing on for years. In fact I went to the "old" bull for those who know where it is. The new bull is amazing and looks like a barn. Of course it comes equipped with the staple country bar mechanical bull, tons of bars that have fast service, and two large dance floors. The first floor main dance floor is for country music and the upstairs dance floor is to shake your bootay on. Either way a mixture of people come from all different places to get their dance on. I learned to dance at the bull and I will never forget the friends or memories that I have made.
OK. I'm all for branching out and experiencing new things, hey, it's the spice of life. This was my first to a country bar. This place is a huge barn structure, which already led me to believe that I was about to step into a portal of bizzaro. The downstairs has about 3-4 bars and a huge dance floor. They have plenty of pool tables and the like, all the things dudes like to do. The music was country, and well to be honest I had never seen line dancing till this day. Now I don't know how to line dance, but it was interesting to watch for about five min. they also have a mechanical bull that when some hick gets his whiskey balls on, he'll try to ride it, hand floating in air, and get bucked off in less than a few seconds. Entertainment at it's best. The upstairs was like dance country, and man their line dancing was serious, with all kind of twist and throw ins to their technique. It was like a country Brittney Spears video sound tracked to cotton eye'd joe. Now, all of this begins to lose it's entertainment factor after about 15 min (unless you line dance). The bonus is super cheap drinks.
Love this club. I only dance upstairs with the hip hop music, downstairs is strictly country. Thursday nights are ladies nights, 5 dollar cover fee and free 6 drink tickets. Thursday nights gets packed, especially during summer. Ladies, be sue to have a guy with you. I can not tell you how many creeps have grabbed me but thankfully they have an excellent security who have no problem tossing jerks out of the club. The restrooms are clean and the bathroom attendants are helpful when you need them. Overall 4/5 for me.
Super fun nightlife! Specifically on Thursday nights! Yay Ladies Night! Pay at the door and get 6 drink tickets! Doesn't get much better! The bartenders are great and the drinks are strong. First floor is an awesome country scene and upstairs is a fun hip hip scene. If you are going to want to try some of the line dances but don't catch on terribly quickly (like me) then it might be worth finding the dances Youtube or through their FB page before you go. Definitely a must for all country fans in Tampa.
Great place, I was taken here for my birthday. I had a 'BLAST"...I had the time of my life...The men  there where perfect gentlemen. I received birthday drinks & shot from them, including dancing the night away with them as  they helped us celebrity my 45 birthday.... I love Country music. The songs t I loved I sang to my hearts content. My friends laughed!!..Upstairs, I had a blast.. the drinks & shots were telling me to drop it like its hot, but I stay in the lukewarm department. it's a mix crowd, lots of college students. Dallas Bull has my thumbs up!
Lots of space and I love the song selection.  I can only speak to downstairs which is only country.  Rap music upstairs.
Yeehaww! Is all I gotta say! Love this place like I love my own mother. I used to come on thursdays and I think every southern bell from Pasco,Hernado, Polk, and Hillsborough counties came here for a good time. Place is a huge ass barn with several bars and 2 dance floors. The best is the line dancing that goes on in this place. The skill level of line dancers is from your typical first timer to a seaoned pro. Me personally I think I'm middle of the road, but once I have afew soco's in me I'm a boot scoootin boogie pro. Don't let your friends say your not either. I've never had a bad time here. Even if country isn't your scene you still can't complain about all those girls in daisy dukes tearin it up on the floor.
Always a good time at the Bull!!!! Plenty of dancing room with the two floors.  Preferably don't like ladies night because it's way too crowded with college kids, which was awesome when I was still in college, lol.  Music is good to the very end.  Unlike the OTHER country bar across town, the bouncers do their job professionally and make you feel safe.
So many cowgirls not enough rope.  What can I say.   Go there!!!  Cowgirls galore!!!
Being an Aaron Lewis fan, my husband and I came to Dallas Bull to see him perform on 10/18. First off, we read "Doors open 7PM" so we got there a little before 7. We waited in a line that wrapped around the building and eventually (probably at least an hour later) we got in the door, bought a couple drinks, and hung out on the dance floor about six rows from the stage. And we waited and waited and waited. Around maybe 10PM an opening band came on (no where did we read there was an opening band) and they were fine. Then we waited some more. Finally after 11PM (I think) Aaron came on. He's great and I can't say enough good things about him. However, I wish Dallas Bull would have invested some money into better equipment as Aaron wasn't as clear as he usually is. That's the best part about Aaron's concerts: his voice is even more awesome in person. Didn't get that here unfortunately. The bars were overcrowded and couldn't keep up with demand, which everyone knows that's where you make your money. Then after Aaron was finished, the DJ came on and followed a stellar performance with a non-country, piece of you-know-what song. Way to kill the ambiance! I'd rather drive somewhere else to see Aaron Lewis rather than come back to this bar. Lame!
