Saw on Facebook that they had a $.60 wing special and decided to get some takeout. The food was ready quickly and the service was extremely friendly! We got some hot wings and jerk flavored wings. The hot wings were great, just the right balance between heat and vinegar. The jerk flavor though, that was the big winner. I don't know what shantell puts in that jerk sauce, but I could eat that every day. I'll definitely be back to try the rest of their menu!
We had just saved 50% on our new dining room table over at World Market and feeling flush with my huge savings, I decided to take my lovely wife out to lunch. Since we were in Sanford anyway, we ambled over to Shantell's Soul Food in what appears to be an up and coming section a few blocks off of Downtown Sanford. It was just past opening time and we had the place almost to ourselves. We were greeted cheerfully and were seated immediately. Strangely, they did not have sugar or artificial sweetener for our iced-tea, but the server did offer to mix a half and half. Overall, our service was fast and efficient, although we did have a miscommunication later on as I discuss below. If you bill yourself as a southern style restaurant, you better be able to do fried chicken well or you should take your Yankee behind back up to Vermont or wherever you actually came from. So, I ordered the two piece with greens and my wife ordered fried fish with mac and cheese. Although I ordered a breast and wing, I received a thigh and wing. Since it takes a good 20 minutes for the cooked to order chicken, I happily ate the plate I was served. Except for that minor hiccup, I was in fried chicken heaven. The crust was crispy and well spiced but not too thick like some places that tend to over dredge. The greens were the best I've had since the last time I was in Memphis. Cooked perfectly with just a bit of bite left in them and the sort of salty pork flavor you can only get by cooking them the right way. My wife's fish was also tasty, maybe not as much of a standout as my chicken. Her mac and cheese was a huge hit with creamy real cheese. About the time we paid our bill, a fellow sitting near us received his chicken and waffles plate. I have kicked myself five times each day since for not ordering that myself. It looked wonderful and smelled even better. The value at Shantell's Soul Food is also excellent. We paid less than 20 bucks for two dinner sized meals that resulted in plans for a future trip to indulge in the chicken and waffles. Can't wait to go back.
This place is really cute and it has sort of a NOLA vibe to to it. We came for lunch on Saturday and there was only 2 other parties so we were greeted and seated right away. I ordered the 2 piece tilapia meal with a side of mac and cheese. My husband ordered the 2 piece chicken meal (specifically a wing and breast) with a side of greens. My two large pieces of fish had a nice light coating and was cooked perfectly golden brown. The tartar sauce was sorta generic however.  The substantial side of Mac and cheese was creamy and delicious.  There was a spice not usually associated with Mac and cheese (I think oregano), but it was a nice change from the usual. I sampled my husband's greens and they were awesome!  Slightly sweet with a nice red pepper kick. They were not over cooked mush, but had a nice bite. My husband, who is a self proclaimed  expert of fried chicken scored it an 8 out of 10 (that's saying something).  Only after seeing another patrons order of chicken and waffles was he disappointed.  I think I saw a tear forming in the corner of his eye when he realized what  he had passed up on!  The chicken and waffles looked amazing. Looks like we will have to return soon! Oh, and our bill came to under 20 bucks.
We had a great dinner experience here. We were warmly greeted and our server was quick to give suggestion of what was really worth trying. The menu is not completely accurate, they do have other things that aren't listed. We ordered chicken and waffles, okra, mac and cheese, philly cheese steak. The fried chicken wings were probably the best I've ever had. But the breast was a little dryer. The okra was delicious, very light and fresh. Mac and cheese was great. The philly was really delicious; soft bread and gooey cheese with peppers and onions, very flavorful. We will be back!
I have given up on Scott Joseph and his critic on food in The Orlando Sentinel,this guy must get paid off by restaurant owners.I walked into Shantelles Cafe and was greeted by a server who was quite friendly,i stood right by the kitchen watching the cook,i placed my order for a 5 piece chicken dinner that comes with one side,i got the mac and cheese and paid the xtra $4.00 for colored greens.There was on older couple sitting opposite and another 3 tables with people inside,I watched the cook go to the refridgerator,pick up the raw chicken with her bare hands,dip it into the mix and into the fryer,then wiped her hands on a towel that was tucked at her side,then placed fresh lettice and vegetables on plates with the same hand.I got my order to go and when i took one bite of the chicken i spat it out,it had no salt,tasteless and dry.The mac and cheese was also dry and the colored green was overpowering with some type of seasoning mix,it all went into the garbage,$15.00 worth of horrible food.I am a regular visitor to NOLA and have tried lots of great restaurants,this place does not come close to the worst i have had in NOLA.
Shantell's Soul Food is located in downtown Sanford, in the middle of some crazy road construction until the end of July. I'm looking forward to beautiful brick streets and expanded sidewalk seating with the completion of the downtown road improvements. I enjoyed a lunch in and brought food home for the hubby on this visit. He enjoyed the fried chicken and especially the collard greens, which he said had a kick. He liked my leftover fried green tomatoes, too. I enjoyed the FGT a lot, no greasy, a nice portion size and great flavor in the coating. I also enjoyed the Shrimp Po Boy, which was very filling. Shrimp were fried perfectly and a nice size. I enjoyed the sauce on there, as well. If you are looking for Chicken & Waffles, look no further. I saw them arrive at the next table and they looked amazing. The diners were still tucked into their sizable lunches when I left. Service at Shantell's was super friendly, my server checked back often and made some nice suggestions. She put in my take out order so it was finished just as I was ready to leave, thanks! I'll be back to try out some fried oysters, next time.
We came with big appetites to try as many of the dishes as possible. We've heard great things, but even with recommendations, I was unprepared for the level of magnificence of the chicken and waffles. I've never tasted a more delicious waffle, never. I think it's made with just butter, love, and pixie dust - I have no idea how it tastes so good, just trust me and eat it. The other highlight for me was the Mackabella, a portobello mushroom cap topped with spicy Mac & cheese. But EVERYTHING was delicious. Here are notes on the other stuff we tried: The speciality burger: HUGE! Wish I'd taken a pic of this giant monster my son ordered. Comes with sautéed mushrooms, bacon, cheese, lettuce and tomato. They offered grilled peppers too but he declined. Accompanied by a small mountain of tasty fries. Jerk Shrimp & Rice: I was too stuffed to eat more than a bite, but it had great flavor and enough heat. Yummy veggies in the rice too. Fried Green Tomatoes: hot & fresh right out of the fryer. Nice thin & crispy batter, good flavor. Onion Rings: onions were sliced thick, which is a must for me. These were very tasty but couldn't compete with the more flavorful & unique dishes. Mac & cheese: it was very good, but after the Mackabella, it left me wanting more. My daughter loved it though. Fish & Chips: my mom and brother said it was good. I trust them but my mouth was full of chicken and waffles. Jamaican Beef Patties: these were, surprisingly, my 8yo's favorite. I didn't have more than a bite but she's picky, so that's high marks. Collard Greens: my mom wasn't sharing. Again, that's a very strong recommendation. She specifically loved that they weren't canned and had great flavor. Service was personable and cheerful, with a definite aim to please. The atmosphere is fantastic- so much character! We loved Shantell's and we will be back!
Central Florida Soul Food Gem!!!! Fresh Yummy Food from the Heart. There's nothing like it in anywhere around the Orlando area.
The words that kept coming out of mine and my husband's mouths as we were eating at Shantell's was WOW! Oh WOW! Hands down this is the best Chicken and Waffles I have ever tasted in my life! I cannot get the taste out of my head! The fried chicken was cooked to a perfect crisp and the waffles were hot,  sweet and savory. The syrup was beyond belief, how buttery and flavorful it was. Shantell's food tastes like it was cooked with love and love was what we got when we got up to leave, we asked for a hug because we felt so loved by Shantell and her food. She came around from behind the counter and hugged us! Great atmosphere, great food, great service! One of my new favorite places to hang out and have the closest Mom food made with love you can get! Shantell's is at a pre-grand opening stage right now, but I know this place is going to do really well, it has all the right combinations and atmosphere destined to succeed!
I've been trying to find a place that sold the fabled "Chicken and Waffles" dish for years. Stumbled across Shantell's from a flattering review in the Orlando Sentinel and they didn't disappoint. My meal there (as well as the wonderful service) made me a happy man and it kind of reminded me of my experience at the famous Sylvia's in Harlem 20 years ago when she would walk around and individually meet all the guests. Shantell's will be a Central Florida institution in no time at all.
Mike & I heard about Shantell's from a friend.  I LOVE fried chicken, fried chicken livers, fried green tomatoes, fried okra (OK, if it's fried, I'll probably eat it).  Can't be eating all that fried stuff every day so, when I DO eat it, I want the best.  Tonight, I had it.  I've never heard of fried chicken on waffles until we went to Shantell's, but I can now understand the attraction  We shared fried green tomatoes and fried okra and each had a plate of fried chicken on waffles.  Absolutely delicious.  Not greasy, Piping hot.  Terrific service.  We even got a tour and a brief history of the building (I'm not big on crowds so we were there right at 5:00 p.m. on a Thursday).  The way the space has been fixed up is really interesting.  Original tin ceiling in the front.  Wonderful dark wood.  The tile floor is new, but it fits in perfectly.  They have a few regular tables and chairs in the dining room area; however, we were perfectly comfortable sitting at a high top in the bar/kitchen area.  The stools have big, thick footrests, so they're quite comfortable.  Lots of old photos on the wall.  All the personnel were very welcoming, friendly, and eager to be sure everything was satisfactory.  Shantell herself was there and most welcoming.  We both got a hug!  PS ... the road construction appears to be over.
Shantell's is a great little restaurant in Sanford, Florida. We have eaten there several times and recommend the chicken and waffles, wings and hamburger. The staff is nice and makes you feel right at home. Sanford has so much to offer and I hope to see this area continue to draw visitors. You won't be disappointed!
Delicious all you can eat fish on Sundays for $9.99!  A.C. their chef will make it grilled or fried.  I had my first helping done on the grill, tilapia done jerk style with grilled onions; wow it was so tasty!  Second helping was fried, also very good!  Then last but not least my third helping was the grilled lemon pepper with grilled onions; again very tasty and well prepared!  I wish my stomach could hold more because I didn't want to stop eating!  Ha ha
Looks like things have improved in the cleaning department.  I'm back for a reason. There is no other place like it. Chicken and waffles, yes sir.
After hearing about Shantells for a long time I decided to finally try it out and I knew the chicken and waffles would be expensive but I decided to give it a try anyway. I thought I'd at least get to eat the food for lunch and dinner but the portion wasn't enough especially for spending $14. Also I thought the food wasnt terrible but it wasn't the best chicken and waffles I'd had either and the last place I had chicken and waffles from was cheaper and gave a lot more food for the price.
This place has some of the best chicken and waffles ever. The atmosphere is excellent and the owner cooks the food. The inside architecture is gorgeous.
Really good food and people here.  Best fried chicken and burgers in town.  I've had the food once a week at least for a few months.  I've always said that if someone served great food and kept late hours in this town they'd clean up.  That's the best part; they are a small business that keeps its hours!  Open when they say, closed when they are done most times after the posted hours of people are still eating.  Great addition to Sanford.  Shantelle and Larry are awesome, the chef is fantastic and Sarrah the server is wonderful.
The staff was extremely friendly (a little slow at times though) I ordered oysters and they were out, so I settled for jerk chicken salad. It was great, except the chicken was slightly over cooked. My cousin had buffalo wings and raved over them. The atmosphere of the restaurant was amazing, I loved the details and decor. Next time I'll try the chicken and waffles!
Chantell is a very nice woman and a great self promoter. However the food is just average. Two pieces of dredged chicken where the predominant flavor is salt and a good "salty" waffle, not much food for $12 Jerk meat pie is factory made. Fried green tomatoes are made with the same flour dredge as the chicken $1 a slice, the wings are also a dollar each. We went there the Sunday the Sentinels review came out, at 2 in the afternoon they had no oysters, no deserts and one meat pie, since the Sentinel warns a restaurant when they are dropping the review this restaurant was not prepared at all. When we were leaving a party of 12, 20-30 year olds came in talking about the review, hope they were not as disappointed as we were. Waitress was not well groomed nor very bright, place could use some TLC and a good cleaning. I suppose if you were a bit tipsy and not to particular, you would be happy. If you are particular, don't buy the hype and go somewhere else, the Chicken is cheaper and much better at Cheddars near the Sanford mall.
They have two people working here. So I get a rush of people might take a little longer, but the quality of food is just poor. Chicken and waffles are okay. I bet their burgers are okay as well. But I'm definitely not coming here again.
Fabulous, awesome, very friendly owners , cooks and servers. First time here during a visit and if I am ever back in the area, this will be my first stop. Photos and hugs with owners Shantell and Larry. Lisa was a server and was terrific. I had the jerk shrimp, hit wings, meat patties, fried okra (never have that but this was fabulous) and even some collard greens. A must for anyone. Simply AWESOME!!!!
Really good food.  The chicken and waffles are as good as Roscoe's and the portions are better. Excellent service and a really nice menu.
this is a gem of a business and a compliment to the downtown sanford venues. her food is delish! best collard greens i ever had! the jamacian beef patties are made there and they are wonderful. The waffels ah! early fri  am i had the perfect waffle. even better the perfect waffle bite. no, my fat ass should not have had it but.......................ummmm. slightly crisp on the outside, soft and pure heaven on the inside. served with enough butter to fill all the divets! warm syrup to pour on and around. the perfect bite! the warm butter maple flavor hits the roof of your mouth. it spills over and under your tongue and slips down your throat with the greatest of ease til it'a all gone. i did not drink anything with it so i could savor the flavor all the way home. no bisquick in this bitch! now go get your own at shantell's! she does have excellent ice tea (sweet w/pink lemonade ). she is open til 4am thurs thru sat. open for brunch on sunday. try it for sure. she even calls the early am buffet the dui buffet so you can fill your tank and sober up!
Anyone that finds Shantells chicken salty hasn't eaten Publix or KFC's. I'm salt sensitive, & found Shantells chicken to be seasoned perfectly, with whisperlight breading, cooked crispy without being burned outside or raw inside. The green tomatos are fresh, home made, below market price & delicious, as is the made from scratch fresh okra. The waffles are light, with a hint of malt flavor;  I dislike syrup, but whatever Shantells serves with her waffles in place of syrup is super. Jerk shrimp was great, loved the stuffed portabellos, IT'S ALL GOOD! Great service; be sure to sit by the kitchen & watch Pete cook. These are REALLY CARING people making REALLY GREAT FOOD. During our 1st visit the day the Sentinel article came out, a lady ate 2&1/2 of the 3 peices of chicken served with the Chicken & Waffles & all of her waffle then said it was "salty"; she wasn't charged a dime but she sure seemed to enjoy all but the flat part of her wing.  Apparently they did run out of a few items that day, but the crowd that came after Orlando Sentinels rave review depleted their supplies, as this is simple but super fresh home made food. We've been back 3 times & had take ot chicken tonight - 15 pcs & orka for $18. So glad Shantells is in Sanford!
Dining here is an experience! Our waitress, Lisa, was charming and attentive and such a pleasure. She was very versed on the menu and offered suggestions since it was our first time there...and she was bang on for the oysters! We had steamed and fried and they were delish! Lisa also recommended the fried fish...I had the tilapia and my friend had catfish. Excellent! Shantelle's doesn't serve alcohol, but the bar next door, Fat Rats, does. And the bartender, Space (yes, real name) made the trip several times to take our drink orders and deliver them back to us. Service was outstanding! But the highlight of the evening was Shantelle and her karaoke set-up out front! Not only is she an excellent chef she can sing like crazy. It wasn't long before everyone outside was up dancing and singing along! Sanford has long needed a place like this and am so happy Shantelle and crew have decided to call our little town "home". They stay open until 4:00am so nightowls have a place to go besides Mickey D's & Denney's. Check this place out...you'll be happy you did! " Read less
