This place is so charming. I went here once with a large group of friends and once on a date and both times the food and service were good.  I know very little about wine but I just love the atmosphere. The first time I went for dinner, I ordered the BLT. Great sandwich but don't waste your calories on the potato wedges, order the cucumber salad instead.  I had a taste of my friend's sweet and savory pie, and he wasn't kidding when he said this place makes good pizza. When I went back on my date, all we had was a bottle of wine and the sweet & savory pie. Yes, I had bacon both times I ate at this restaurant, fine, judge me if you want.  This pizza is incredible, and pretty unique. Figs, apples, asiago, and bacon, on a not-thin crust. People who love carbs and sweet and salty together, like me, will love this. It feeds 2 to 4 people depending on your appetite (I had leftovers for the following day). Gonna go back to order it one more time before I leave Gainesville. They also have a really cute shop by the entrance with a nice collection of random chocolates and jams and things like that.  Enjoy!
Friendly ponytailed dude working the front is fantastic.  And the wine selection and prices are spot-on. He helped me pick out a wine for our table.  You can order by the glass or choose what you want with a $10 corkage fee, which is awesome because most places charge $15.  Plus, it's only $5 during their happy hour (5-7 Thursday and Friday).  I had a few very specific questions and inquiries as I'm working on the Century Wine Club and it's gotten very hard to find unique grapes.  We ended up with an Argentinian 60/40 malbec/bonarda and it was absolutely awesome for the price point ($18, I think?).   I checked an app, too, and it was priced lower than the average.  Winning all around. 10 stars for the store and the wine part of the business, for sure. We sat on the patio for appetizers.  It was totally secret garden-esque, since the shop was quiet and there was no evidence of the seating area.  I expected it to be empty, but instead it was lively and full of people with the same idea as us, it seemed.  Lots of nice chatting and relaxing around.  Very classic and traditional and completely snob free. Or maybe it was just traditional snobbiness... but that's alright.  There was no hipster vibe and no re-inventing the wheel, and that's what I require in a wine bar. To me, wine should never be -- in absolutely no way and in no conceptualization -- a trendy or hip thing.  The history and tradition is central to the liquid and I so despise places that pretend they're serving it for the first time. We had the bigger cheese plate.  The offerings came in good portion sizes but were entirely unimaginative (cheddar, swiss, brie) and came with zero explanation.  I guess none is needed with those cheeses, but if I were told it was a Fancy Amazing Swiss and a Blah-Dy-Blah Cheddar, it would have added to the experience.  Everything beside the cheese on the cheese plate, though, was pretty awesome.  Lots and lots of fruit and it was all ripe and tasty.  A whole mini-loaf of baguette. One side note: the plate was great for my Paleo boyfriend, since there was a ton of cheese and fruit.  They have other options as well.  BUT!  If you're Celiac or gluten sensitive or just not eating it, I'd specify that when ordering.  I think the fruit was handled/cut/something on the same cutting board as the bread, which meant that there were crumbs on some of the fruit.  No big deal at all to most, but super disappointing if that's an issue for you.
During the holidays, I always come here to get wonderful wine and cheese gift baskets for my family.  They are pricey for my budget, but my family really loves them and it makes them feel pampered.  So it is totally worth it to make someone feel special. This was also one of the first places where you could build your own six pack of independently brewed beers.  Now, all of the places do that. I highly recommend them for lunch.  Their sandwiches are excellent and their specials menu is really good, too.  Their lunches are delicious and a great value compared to many places in the area.  Everyone is friendly and the atmosphere is laid back, relaxed, very Gainesville.
Business brought me to Gainesville again today and I found myself visiting the Wine and Cheese Gallery for lunch.  The restaurant is located in the front of a wine and cheese shop but can be accessed only after wandering a few dozen yards through meandering aisles of wine--a very cool exploration of the building.  The dining area is small, and seemingly even smaller than it actually is because it is two-tiered, creating a very intimate eating area.  I very much approve. Our waitress was friendly, if a bit abrupt at times, but our service was overall acceptable.  Since one of my party of four had overslept, my table ordered a cheese platter while we waited.  The platter, which I thought was a real bargain at under $15, featured fresh fruit, a fresh (and replenishable) baguette, and three cheeses.  Today we received a beautiful Vermont cheddar, a brie and dill-havarti.  All were excellent but the cheddar was world class.  I  have not had better in Florida and really can recall only one that was more memorable (at Formaggio's Kitchen in Cambridge, MA, many years ago). When my third companion arrived, we ordered our meals.  I had a creamy tomato bisque soup to start and thoroughly enjoyed it.  If I had had more time I would have pursued the recipe with the chef.  There was a heat to the soup that I had not expected but which I found quite appealing. I ordered a vegetarian sandwich on pumpernickel.  Served with a generous portion of kettle cooked chips and a pickle, the sandwich was a bit of a letdown after the cheese platter and soup.  While the vegetarian ingredients were quite fresh, the bread was perhaps less so, and overall the I was looking for more creativity.  I think I might have added a chutney of some sort to the preparation but, in any event, the sandwich needs a bit more oomph.  That is not to say I did not enjoy it because I did.  I just expected more. I would certainly return to Wine and Cheese Gallery, and I hope to do so soon.
Amazing place with an amazing selection. The food is incredible and super fair priced! My sandwich was so good! It had fig preserves and some cheese on french bread, YUM!! I went right into the store to buy the fig preserves because I loved it so much and also asked for 2 good red wines under $15. The owner brought me back two wines and when we drank them later that night... boy were they good!!!!! Overall, a wonderful place!
I've been here before sometime last year. It was after lunch hours, so I had a glass of wine on the back patio and bought some chocolate. I returned a few nights ago for dinner, as I had it in my plans for a while. I met my friends there during happy hour. We had some wine and food. Everything was good, by the way. I will not elaborate on that since this place has lots of fans who have voted on the food already. Yes, the building is old and dingy, the dining room is charming for how unassuming it is, but this place could use some sprucing up. I went to the ladies room and again, I know it's an old building and all that, but there were roach droppings everywhere. I suggest the business call the pest control asap, since it serves/sells food. I will not be back, sorry. I wish you good luck!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The back patio is so beautiful and peaceful. I eat here all the time and have gotten to know the servers, they are all so sweet. I've never had bad service here. The food is so good! The chicken and avocado is delicious as is the fig turkey and cheese. The charm of this old building really adds to how amazing this place is. Totally recommend it!
My new favorite place! Great food, great service, nice ambiance. The bread is baked fresh here, which makes all the difference with a sandwich. The dressings are made fresh here, which makes all the difference with a salad. The staff is friendly and attentive, which makes all the difference with your lunch. What else can I say? My new favorite place!
I love this restaurant.  I am a cheese addict, so I am pretty much in heaven when I come here.  Given the name of the place, it is unsurprising that they also have a great wine selection!  I love that they carry a few ciders too - there's something about a Strongbow with their Big Apple salad that really hits the spot. The sandwiches and salads are great.  I am a huge fan of the house salad dressing - it's thick, creamy, garlicky, and amazing.  I will admit to finishing it off with bread...or sometimes a spoon. The cheese plate is also a great option - it's a bit more expensive than the sandwiches, but totally worth it.  The presentation is lovely: fresh fruit, crusty bread, and a selection of three cheeses.  Delicious. I really love the Hippo sandwich and keep coming back to it, but I've tried most of the sandwiches on the menu and have enjoyed them all. Service has always been friendly in my experience and they are quick to rectify any issues - missing food, etc.  The only complaint that I have is that they are only open for a few hours a day!
We went for lunch here a few weeks ago, having been in g'ville for so many years and not ever having visited had to change! Very cute, downtown, lunch-only kind of place.  Full of the downtown-during the week-daytime crowd.  The food was wonderful, fresh, creative.  Amazing asparagus soup, it was a real highlight of the meal.  The sandwiches appear to be made with love, very home-made style in the best possible way. The striking thing here is the authenticity and the decor.  Do not forget - we are in the state of FLORIDA.  Most everything is plastic and fake, in the whole state.  When you walk into the wine and cheese gallery, you feel like you are going back in time into an old deli/cheese shop/wine store.  This place is real and classy, and the wine selection just seemed to go on and on.  Worth a visit for the vibe alone.
I really like places like this one. Its an old house, downtown, adapted to sell wine, cheese, chocolates and lunch. Lunch: Been here a few times over the past couple of years and each time I've had a good sandwich and either a tasty salad or a yummy soup. Wines by the glass on those days when you don't need to go back to work... They also do a very nice Sunday Brunch. They have some very nice outdoor seating out back, and an inside room in the front. The staff is very helpful, happy to offer tastings of the cheeses, and they have wine tastings in store regularly. I've only been to one so far but I had a great time mingling and sipping new wines. On New Years Eve last year they had a big bubbly sale and I scored a spectacular Krug Reserve for 1/3 off! Every city needs a place like this. There is just the right balance of funky and worn. A place well loved by patrons, with just the right patina!
Pretty cool place, we used a groupon so the server gave us the " ooh you have a groupon, I'm not getting a tip" look. We shared soup and a cheese plate, and afterwards we checked out the shop area and bought some unique bottles of wine. I would definitely go again!
W&CG is a keeper.nice variety, good service, and the food has been good each time I've been here. Today I had #12- roast beef  & Rondelle on French baguette with chips and a pickle. So what do can you say about a roast beef sandwich, nothing right? Wrong. I love good bread, and the baguette was awesome! But the garlic & herb cheese spread turned a simple roast beef sandwich into nothing less than wonderful. Chips r Chios and a pickle is a pickle. If you line RB & you like garlic, you will love this sandwich.
I recently visited the Wine and Cheese Gallery after having heard so much about it from friends.   It appears to have been a mainstay in Gainesville since the 1970's  - and when you walk in, it is immediately apparent that it has not been renovated since about the same time period.   The restaurant is located in what appears to be an old house.  There is a very fine line between old/dilapidated, and antique/classic.  Unfortunately, The Wine and Cheese Gallery slips just slightly into the former.    The atmosphere is just lacking - and a large part of sipping on a delicious glass of wine is having a beautiful ambiance to look at.  Mismatched chairs, worn tables, and aging decorations detract greatly from the experience.   Now the good news -  I found the food and wine selection to be just fantastic.   Bread can be a common area of failure at restaurants - it's just such a simple part of a sandwich that many restaurants overlook.  But the bread used at the Wine and Cheese Gallery was fresh and delicious (I believe they buy their bread from the Flower Pot Bakery).   The 4 wine portions I received for my tasting was  quite generous, and really gave me an opportunity to take my time and thoroughly assess each glass.   The staff was very friendly,  and helped us with any questions we had about the menu.    After dinner, we received lots of helpful wine information while we looked through the very large wine selection at the front store.   Prices were very reasonable, and we did end up purchasing a  bottle of wine before leaving.   In conclusion, I would say that the Wine and Cheese Gallery succeeds in providing top notch wine, decent food, and friendly service.   The restaurant itself is a  bit lacking in proper ambiance and decor.  From the packed lunch crowd on Saturday, however,  it would seem that no one much cared about the creaky house -  drink enough wine and it looks just fine.
In my opinion, it's one of the best kept secrets in Gainesville. Situated in a beautiful old Victorian home in downtown Gainesville, it has a great outdoor patio for dining, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and delicious food. My wife and I attended their Valentine's Day dinner with wine pairings with each course, and it was just delcious (and not outrageously priced either!). They serve lunch during the week and have a happy hour on the weekends.
My husband and i (now x ) have been going here for years  This is still one of our favorite places for lunch. Awesome pate and cheese platter and excellent fresh home made quiches and salads. The sandwiches are always good. I'm not a vegetarian but I some times get a veggie sandwich it is that good  We usually sit outside and you feel like your away from everyone. Great ambiance. The wait staff are always so nice. Great place to try if you have never been!!!!
Unbeatable wine selection (one of the best in the Southeast), decent cheese spread, fine European chocolates and other specialty items. Having lunch outside is a real treat, although it can be hit-or-miss (more hit than miss, to be fair). Very knowledgeable sales staff, and they can put together one hell of a gift basket.
Almost hesitant to review this place so positively because I don't want people to know about it haha. However, the owners and employees (likely one in the same) were so accommodating and generous that I had to share. The interior of the place is classic bistro, shelves upon shelves of incredible wines both new and old world, and coolers full of artisanal cheeses behind the counter. The back patio is like a whole new world. Somehow, despite the 100 degree weather, the shade of the trees combined with the fans on the back porch made for a delightfully pleasant lunch experience at 2:00 p.m. Our server exuded a genuine thankfulness for our business like I had never seen before. This along with the best sandwich, on the best French bread I have ever had made for an unforgettable experience. One I look forward to having again soon. Oh yeah, dogs are welcome on the back patio. In fact, the dog had a bowl of water before our drink orders were even taken!!!
Cute, trendy wine and cheese reatail area, and lovely cozy restaurant with two environs; one outdoor and one inside seating. Good and creative menu with great beer and wine list...
It's a nice small restaurant.  The store is nice, and the restaurant can serve good soups, but their main courses aren't at the same level. I know -- it's a cheese shop, but the dough on the pizza is very raw and seems store bought. The deli meat also seems store bought.  I still would recommend it so long as you keep to their strong points.  It really is tasty cheese.
Best sandwich I've had. Get the Fig, turkey and havarti sandwich!
This restaurant/wine store is really a neat place. It's been open since the 70's and is located in an old Victorian house. The front half of the building is the store where they sell cheese that's cut off the wheel to order (pretty unusual!) and some gourmet groceries and beer. There's a HUGE selection of wine. Restaurant-wise there's a patio/backyard area that is my favorite outdoor dining spot in Gainesville. There is inside seating too, but I don't bother with it unless forced to by the weather.  I have never been let down by any of the specials I've eaten. They are always really creative and there are always  vegetarian options. I am a big fan of their soups and love their house dressing. The prices are in the $5-$10 range. My only problem with this place is that they only serve lunch and on Saturdays brunch. Also, sometimes they are pretty dead, but that just provides a more private atmosphere which I kinda enjoy! I have heard they do special occasion dinners for V-day etc. and also wine tasting dinners but I have yet to check those out. Overall, an interesting hidden treasure and a cool date spot.
It has been a little while since I last had lunch here, but after recently returning, the food seems to have greatly improved. The sandwiches are probably still the cheapest you can get downtown without going to a fastfood place, and they really pile on the meat. Plus, now they're served with kettle chips instead of the tortillas they used to have. You can absolutely tell the soups are homemade and fresh, and so much better than they used to be even 6 months ago. Our waitress also told us that the vegetable stock is homemade! My partner had one of the lunch specials and was raving about how good it was after we left. And I had the chicken parm, playing it safe, but wow that marinara was so much better than it used to be. I asked our waitress about that too and she told us thats made from scratch now also. All around I noticed that they had many options for both vegetarians and meat eaters. And the wine selection is still unbeatable.
Always love an excuse to go to Wine and Cheese!!! Amazing selection.  Great food.  Nice staff.
I was so excited to eat at the wine and cheese gallery.  Their wine selection is pretty awesome compared to most other places in Gainesville, and good prices too...some amazing bordeaux's for pretty cheap.  However, when i finally came for the lunch, to say i was underwhelmed would be an understatement.  The food was so extremely ordinary.  I had a roast beef sandwich on sliced french crusty bread.  That was about all that came on the sandwich, they then charged extra for some dipping sauce, which i found to be annoying.  My girlfriend had the "Le Chicken Part II" and she said it was lacking flavor and small...not worth the money.  Our sandwiches came with a side of tortilla chips (and tortilla chips with no salsa or dipping sauce is a crime), lettuce and a pickle.  My girlfriend also got two slices of tomato, which was, for some reason, left off my plate.  All in all, i will not be coming back to wine and cheese for eating.  I will definately come back for their wine selection which is why this place gets 2 stars...if it wasn't in a wine store, i would give this place 1 star...really ordinary food, and there are better sandwiches at almost every restaurant in gainesville.
