Normally, my husband and I visit this store on the during the day on the weekends. It's usually crowded and busy and somewhat overwhelming. Tonight was great! Although it was a Saturday, we stopped by around 7pm and the store was actually empty. We were really able to browse as we pleased and check out all the sales and clearance items (at awesome prices...I bought 2 pairs of high quality workout capris, regular price $40, clearance price $10!) My husband and I were able to get lots of items for our hiking vacation in Maine, as well as workout apparel. In other visits we've bought camping gear, guns, ammo, etc. and we've been very satisfied with our purchases. My favorite thing about this store is how clean and organized it is. My brother worked at Outdoor World/Bass Pro Shop for several years and although I love that store, it's kind of a madhouse! Add in all the tourists and shopping there is stressful! Gander Mountain is a simplified version, plus it has the Gander Mountain Academy with classes and a fancy shooting range. Another plus, my husband bought a pair of Asics at Dick's Sporting Goods earlier in the day for $60, at Gander Mountain they were on sale for $50, so that was impressive.
After trying a few other stores looking for a kayak paddle we ended up at Gander Mountain. It is pretty far from where we live, but easy to get to, right off of I-4, so the trip wasn't too bad. Not having shopped here before I didn't realize the store was so focused on guns. Yikes! Not my thing at all. So we walked in, spotted they kayaks and headed directly to that corner of the store. We spent a good amount of time in that area. We finally settled on a good paddle. It was $100, but before we bought it we thought to price check it on Amazon. It was $30 less on Amazon, with free shipping, so we went ahead and ordered it. Overall, most of the items we were interested in buying (life vests & assorted camping and kayaking gear) seemed to be overpriced... I did find a t-shirt for my daughter on clearance that we ended up buying, but that was hardly worth the trip. The cashier that checked us out was lovely, but other than her we didn't interact with a single salesperson. I probably wouldn't come back here, or I would at least check what they have online first.
This is a huge specialty outdoor store with prices to match. If you like the outdoors you'll love this store- they have a little of everything. It kind of reminds me of a sports authority in the way its laid out. The clothes section is organized by brand name, not by function, making it hard to find what I'm looking for. I went in looking for board shorts and had to sift through dozens of racks from different brands to find what they had. I also perused the rest of the shop and found some neat stuff but high prices. Service was friendly when you can find someone to help. The store was clean and well organized.
Not extremely happy with the customer service or the prices here. It takes FOREVER for anyone to help you and if you aren't looking for a firearm, forget it. They don't want to talk to you. As an archer I want archery things, but I'm always treated rudely. Prices are at the high end, but they generally carry everything I'm looking for, so it ends up being the place I browse to look at things in person before going elsewhere.
The hubs and I went to Gander Mountain on a Saturday after we had heard about the indoor shooting ranges that were available and I was interested in looking at handguns that they had for sale. On the Saturday that we visited - there was an expo near the shooting range with different weapons and companies on hand to explain their product lines. I was pleased with the knowledge of some of the gun-selling staff. The associate that we were speaking with seemed very bored with her job - she was laying on the counter, yawning, and rubbing her eyes while trying to explain the similarities between a Beretta and a Smith and Wesson. All in all, we were thrilled with the location.
Swung into Gander Mountain following a Paddle Boarding trip. This place is great!! If you're into the outdoors, this place has everything you would want and more!! Camping, shooting, fishing, boating ... you name it, they have what you need. I was looking for some s-shaped carabiners and found them!! It was tough not to want to purchase of other stuff!! Great store!
Good selection of camping products but had to wait around for 10 minutes for a rep to help answer questions.
We went there on a Tuesday and got to do the VR range for 10 bucks for 1/2 hour (normally $25). A half hour is plenty of time as the gun is pretty heavy to keep shooting very long. If the gun starts shooting oddly such as requiring you to pull the hammer to shoot. you will need to replace the gas cartridge and you will be shooting again at a good rate of speed. You get to shoot either a barretta or a glock. they are real guns with lasers built in and gas bottles. So you get the action as though its a real gun without the loud sounds and smell. I kinda like the smell of gunfire, would be cool to add it. Anyway we did the VR range and it was fun. Next time I would like to try the 180 for $20 or the 360 for $30. I think those have targets that pop up all over the place for you to shoot at. Its pretty clean and easy to do, and you dont have to buy ammo etc. So it's fun. I would only go on Tuesday as the other days this is way over priced. It's a lot like bowling, in that the longer you shoot the worse your aim gets. Maybe I just need more practice. I thought the prices were a bit high at gander for sales purchases.
A gun newbie, my husband took my to Gander to browse the selection for a piece of my own. We were there pretty late in the evening, and the store was pretty lively. Lots of customers, but not enough sales people. We got lucky and a helpful guy helped answer all my (stupid newbie) questions. He even endured my accidental pointing of the gun at him! Although I didn't buy anything, I enjoyed the process of gun handling and possible terrorizing of the sales guy. What's up with the virtual shooting range? Lame, right? I have a Wii at home...don't need a bigger, fancy one!
If you went to bass pro-shop and couldn't find the gun you wanted, or you wanted to get some practice somewhere other than at Shoot Straight or the Hood, come on down to Gander!! They have a large selection of firearms and there was plenty of friendly staff to help. They were a bit high priced as the other reviews mentioned. Best part was the  "Gander Mountain Academy" it  is nice! The fact they have a Virtual Range is Uber sweet.. Not bad for civilian training. I cant wait to try it.  20 dollars for an hour on Tuesday!
WOW, I was thoroughly impressed!  I went here on my lunch break to scope out some weapons. The guys at the counter really know their stuff and were welcoming to me in spite of the fact that I was pretty much clueless. They have a huge selection of "guy gear" - anything a man could possibly want for camping, hunting, boating, fishing, etc. They will price match, so if you bring in an add for another store with the same product at a better price, they'll honor it. Definitely the best place in this part of town for all your outdoor needs.  They also have a huge shooting range and offer concealed weapons permit courses.
This place is huge! They have all kinds of sporting gear. I went with my husband and a friend to Try out the shooting range. They gave us an air-rigged gun and let us have at the targets. It's a virtual range and was perfect for my first time shooting. We also went to the 300 degree virtual range. They play different scenarios and you have to decide whether or not to shoot. You can also speak and interact with the people on the video. It was a lot of fun. They also have a live-fire range. The store is awesome. They have tons of good stuff. They regularly have sales. Gander Mtn. has a great selection.
Gander Mountain is a pretty cool place offering outdoor merchandise for camping,hiking,fishing,hunting. This location has not been here for very long as you can tell from the inside and out side , it is pretty new and kept clean and neatly organized making it easy to find anything you are looking for. They have just about everything you need for any out door activities and even sale canoes and small boats, they also have guns and bi bi guns and are not as over priced as Bass Pro shop but not as large as Bass Pro shop but still the same quality. The staff is friendly and ready to assist to at any time you need to find a product or look at an item also the place is kept clean even the bathrooms and everything is easy to get to or to find and there is plenty to look at with lots of choices specially in the fish department. They even sale shoes for hiking. Good place for shopping and better as far as prices then Bass but not as impressive as Bass Pro shop, I still give it four stars because it is still a bit over priced in some items. I can find some of the same items  but not as expensive or over priced as here or Bass Pro Shop at other retailers.
The level of customer service I received last week at Gander Mountain was impeccable.  Shaun Flores (Camping) went above and beyond the call of duty.  He not only helped me select the proper grill for camping but he also helped me take it to my car.  Then, when I got it home, I opened the box to find it damaged.  When I brought it back, Shaun and some of the other Gander associates, helped me get another grill.  Before I left the store, we opened that grill and that one was damaged as well.  Shaun then decided to help me take the floor model so that I was able to have a grill for the camping trip.  Proper recognition should be given to Shaun and the Lake Mary (Store #350) team.
Here's a place that offers similar products and services to Bass Pro shops without the giant fish tanks, fake forests, and overall craziness that is Outdoor World. I actually prefer Gander Mountain due to the simplicity and calm of the store. It's less of an adventure and more of a shopping experience. This is truly the better place to go due to the volume of used firearms and trades that come through here. I love the selection of knives, and guns, and the prices are actually a little bit more reasonable. They offer great services to gun owners and are actually putting in a firing range now which I can't wait to try. Of course they also cater to the camping, hiking, fishing and other outdoor activities you might be interested in, and offer a great selection in those areas as well. They still have a huge store and a very diverse selection of equipment to keep you happy and coming back. All in all Gander Mountain makes me feel mole like an individual customer and less like a tiny tourist lost in the crowd. At Gander I am greeted at the door by a very friendly and smiling staff, not yelled at and ordered to go through the right turnstile. It's very strange coming to a giant store and still feeling the service you would get from a local little gun shop. I give Gander Mountain my utmost praise and admiration.
I like Gander Mountain....for one, it's closer to wear I live, versus Bass Pro shops. It carries a lot of the clothing brands I like Guy Harvey, Bucked up, and Browning apparell, something Bass Pro Shops lacks. This is why I give it 3 stars: Now, if you are looking for a big purchase item, gun, gun safe, bow, tree stand, to standard items, to water toys or decoys, you may want to shop around. They are significantly higher priced. Exhibit A: I bought a gunsafe off Gandermountains website for 99.99, it was 119.99 in store, so I bought it online (free shipping), awesome. Then I have it for about 3 days, then get a flyer from Bass Pro that they have pretty much the same safe on sale for 39.99. If it was a few bucks I wouln't bother, but that's about 60 buck different. So I went to Gander to Return. And that was another pain in itself. The Girl wasn't 100% confident on how she was handling an online return item, but then finally asked for my card to credit the money back. I purchased this with my Visa debit card that is linked to my checking account..she said that she can't put it back on a debit card, it has to be put back on a credit card and she could only give me a store credit (I work at a financial..I know how these things work). That's BS. Just like anyone else that has a visa debit card, it can be used as both credit and debit, and obviously, there's no "debit' option for online purchases. She talks back and forth with a manager and says she has to give me a store credit. Ughhhhhhh. After I fussed a little, t he manager actually came over and said he could cash it out. So, he did after about 5 minutes, and gave me a $100 bill. Now where the F am I going to break a 100 bill besides driving back to the bank, whatever 20 minutes later I got my money back, they were very nice during this priocess. I went and got the gun safe at bass pro shops for 40 bucks and am happy. :) ----GUN RANGE----------- Now this is why they get a +1 Star. They have an emaculate gun range. It is expensive ($25/hr) but it is so fricken fancy. It is clean, it is pretty regulated and you have a lot of privacy and quietness to shoot your gun. you have to use their targets, but they are free and unlimited and if you keep them it comes on this fancy piece of green plastic. They also have a virtual range for holster practice and 300 degree real life senario tactical practice field. You use real guns, that have co2 cartridges so you get the same recoil as a 9mm or a .380. Pretty cool, pretty expensive, but no other place around it has it. I'd say try this gun range out at least once, it's the fanciest ones I've been too. So, do I LOVE  this place? nah. Is it clean, chill and relaxing to shop? Yes Is it overpriced? pretty much.
Small version of Bas Pro Shops with better service. Big GUN section and helpful staff.
Gander Mountain Gun Department is outrageous. They claimed they would match any local competitor within 100 miles. They had a pistol for $810.00 and another place has it for $660.00. I was told they would match and when I said I would take it the manager that had to get approval said the lowest he could sell it for was 675. The sticker prices on all of their guns are OUTRAGEOUS. I went to the other gun store EOSS (East Orange Shooting Sports) and purchased the gun. Gander Mountain is trying to pay for their gun expansion by charging ridiculous prices for their guns.
Pretty cool place. I purchased a 22 and the staff is so helpful and I love the game room type shooting. We had fun!
My first visit to this location, 2nd location ever. Huge store, very nice assortment, prices are better than the Bass Pro Shop that I went to just after this place. This place is a definite do again.
I love Gander. A great place for all things outdoor activities.  I used to scoff, but they have cool clothes and shoes.
This place has everything. I needed some new camping equipment for a survivalist style camping trip, and while Dick's had the collapsible stove I wanted at the same price as here, all the other items were a lot cheaper here. In the end, I saved close to $30 coming here. I also purchased a rifle bag from here recently, and when the handle broke after my first trip out, I brought it back in and they exchanged it for a new one, no problem at all. I've shot at the range here as well, called the Gander Mountain Training Academy, and I gotta say, it's a pretty nice indoor range. I shot pretty well, but I was having a problem with the sights on my pistol that I had never shot before, so the range guy actually came over, fired a few shots, and then aligned them for me free of charge. I definitely shot better after that, so he did a proper job of it, too. As for firearms, I purchased a Smith & Wesson M&P 15-22 and a Savage Stevens 320 Shotgun from here. Both times I was given lots of information about the guns (most I already knew but it was still good to hear again), and also each purchase got me a free session at the range. The staff here are all knowledgeable, courteous, and friendly, the prices are competitive, and the atmosphere is relaxed. This is an all around great sports equipment/ hunting supply store.
Love this store..sometimes they have some great deals and now their gun range is open :D
Very rude customer service. I called to ask if they had a particular gun in stock. No one was picking up the phone in the gun department. The main operator that the call was transferred back to just continued to redirect my call to the same department for 15 minutes, instead of just looking up the item I needed. When I finally got to talk to someone in the gun department, he acted like it was a pain to look up the item. On top of that, he had to ask me to spell the item, and it is a very popular gun. It makes me wonder how much they actually know about guns!
