This was my first time trying laser hair removal. I was always intrigued by it and have read mixed reviews on it. Finally I decided to take the plunge and I saw that Nancy got some good reviews. The location is nice. I got a step by step of how to get there and it was easy to follow. Nancy was wonderful, since it was my first time I had a lot of questions in which She answered them in a timely manor and was very informational. The process was smooth and we quickly made follow ups. Overall I would suggest anyone and everyone to go to Nancy!
Always a pleasure to get my laser done with Nancy, I'm from Brooklyn and this is worth the trip! See you in 6 weeks! Bringing back my man for a facial!
I am a VERY picky person and for me customer trumps the actual service and to find a person that has customer service skills as well as knows what she is doing is AMAZING!!. I hate talking on the phone and she responded to my emails in a timely fashion and did not call which is a pet peeve of my! If I email respond via email. I am ecstatic that I have found a new skin care home!! I wish you nothing but success and I suggest that if you reading this review you give The Beauty Toolbox a call. Happy Skin!!!!!
I just got my first ever laser hair removal treatment yesterday with Nancy. She was very informational and kind, and she listened and answered all my concerns. No redness on the skin or any reaction so far, she is very professional. She had a very clean and nice salon. I would recommend going to her every time. I can't wait to continue my sessions!
My absolute favorite spa and laser center!!!! Nanci has been doing my facials and laser treatments and I would not go anywhere else. She is very gentle and she always takes her time with every treatment. I love Dermalogica products that they use. My skin is always glowing after her facial or peel.... My hair is gone on my arms and legs after doing laser hair removal with them... I would definitely recommend this place!!!!
I recently change jobs and I needed a new hair removal spot for after work appointments. At first I was a bit skeptical about finding a new laser spot but this was a blessing in disguise!  I had a few session done and absolutely loved the results. I cant' wait to continue the rest of my treatments. Nanci is the tech that took care of me, she made me feel very comfortable and listed to all my concerns about my problematic areas. I booked a facial with her as well and I can't wait to get pampered!
Probably redundant but Nancy was wonderful. I had laser removal  at an expensive spa in Armonk where they kept changing the pricing and were a little fishy. Nancy is very upfront and really thorough in her explanation to the procedures. She is also very warm and friendly.  Highly recommend. It is in a small space but you really do not be in a larger one.  All your laser hair removal and skin exfoliating needs and can be met there.
Today was my first of six visits for laser and the experience was great. I scheduled a facial before I left because I was so pleased. No high pressure sales pitches that you often find in neighboring Westchester salons.   Nancy is a professional and makes you feel extremely comfortable. I will be using the Beauty Toolbox for most of the services they offer. This place is a secret gem.
Finally, A place to get a facial and laser removal at a decent price without traveling to the city. Being a older female looking for some help with my skin, it was difficult finding the right person/company to help my sun damaged skin but Nanci, the owner, has been a godsent and I already see a difference. Thanks Beauty Toolbox.
