I found Flor and Hilda through Yelp and the reviews i read.  I was extremely happy with my services from Hilda.  She was great and my waxing didn't hurt.  I cannot say enough good things about both Flor and Hilda.
When I moved to the area I continued to see my woman on the upper west side for my waxing needs. The few times I tried someone else closer to work or home it was never a good experience. It took me years to find this place and I am grateful for a safe clean experienced professional that I can trust. The inflation rate in Greenwich can get a bit out of hand and I am glad to see that the rate is comparable  to what I paid in NY so this can and will be a monthly habit.
This place is seriously amazing! She is so through and calming, it makes it seem so easy! She does an excellent Brazilian and leg waxing. The prices are so reasonable you must go! I will definitely be back!
Oh my freaking gosh!!! All the reviews that I read sounded very promising so I wanted to check Beautiful Body and Facial Spa for myself. The location is not far from Greenwich Ave and easy to get to. I arrived at my appointment and was greeted by Flor. She was very welcoming and considerate to tell me that she was running a few minutes late. Inside her Spa, it is beyond cutesy and cozy almost. She led me to a room where she asked me to remove everything from the waist down. I mentioned to her that this was my very first time doing the full monty and reassured me not to worry and not to tense up. Her voice and her guidance helped tremendously. Flor is very funny has a good sense of humor she made me crack up several times. Flor definitely cares and is very attentive to my needs. She was gentle throughout my Brazilian wax. She advised me to go to Sephora and buy a tonic that she uses on her clients. By the way... her Brazilian is $40 beyond reasonable. I left her Spa a happy girl!!! This palce Rocks!!!
Beautiful Body & Faces Spa is a hidden gem of Greenwich!! Flor, the owner is so gifted in her profession, she causes you to slip away into full relaxation while giving your skin the royal treatment.  This is truly the best facial I have ever gotten in my life, and I am forever her devoted client!! This is a tiny little spa which has relocated to Church Street in Greenwich.  Services include: Facials, Massage, Waxing, Nails, Skin treatments, etc.  See Patricia for a mani/pedi $45, or Brazilian Wax $40!! One thing that I love about this place is their commitment to cleanliness and sanitation.  Wax is transferred to a separate warmer for every client receiving a Brazilian waxing treatment to prevent transferring germs and diseases...and the price is always right!! You won't be disappointed. PS they only accept Cash or Check!!!
I easily scheduled a Brazilian and leg wax for the same day I was calling (Friday afternoon). Hilda did a good job and she was very attentive. She was very friendly (as was the other lady), so I wasn't just staring up at the ceiling the whole time. It was my first time there so she explained that they use new pots of wax for every customer. She made me feel very comfortable the whole time. She testing different types of waxes, and smaller and larger areas to see what was better for me. The place is small but looked very clean. Hilda even replaced the paper halfway through because it got sticky. I saw another review said it is check/cash only. I paid cash. Street parking was easy during the day.
I just went to Flor for the first time for a facial two days ago. I've had quite a few facials at many different spas, but I've never gone regularly or been loyal to any one facialist because in the past I've left not convinced that they've done much for me and so they never seemed worth the expense. This was different, and very worth the price. I will definitely be a repeat customer. This was the most thorough extraction I've ever had. Flor finished extracting and had me look at my face in a hand mirror to make sure she got everything out. I laughed because I've never had anyone do that before, but I think it's a good policy. And she did get everything out, there are blackheads I thought were just how my pores looked that are now gone. This was also a very personalized experience, which I appreciated. She made sure to ask about my skin concerns and gave me suggestions for skin care at home. My face is so clean right now, and I've gotten compliments on how glowy and healthy I look since seeing her! Highly recommended.
I was looking for a place to get a Brazilian wax near work that wouldn't break the bank and I found it! Flor did my wax and she was amazing. It was super fast and the least painful wax I have ever gotten. Best part is, each customer gets their own wax tray. This place is super sanitary.  Such a pleasant experience and done in less than 30 minutes. I will definitely be back again! Just a reminder they take cash or check only, but for such a great wax who cares!
I highly recommend Flor, who is a licensed aesthetician located on a side street in Greenwich, CT on 67 Church St. I have been getting monthly facials since college (now I'm 50+) and Flor has the knowledge, products and is so personal. Her spa is always clean and I can be assured that I don't have to worry. I've been to the "best" local spas in the area who I find change employees frequently.  I know when I schedule with Flor, that I am directly provided top notch services from her all of the time.  This is one of the benefits of patronizing a small individully owned business.  Consistency. I find her prices are more than fair and any client will get more than they paid for! Patricia, Greenwich, CT
I love this place.  After searching everywhere in CT, I finally found a place that is sanitary, has nice people and is reasonably priced.  I love that they use individual waxing trays for each customer to ensure cleanliness!  They only accept cash or check, so be sure to bring one or the other with you!
Flor is one of the most intelligent skin care practitioners I have ever met.  She can look at your face and design a customized skin care plan just for you.  She gives each client individualized attention.  She even picks me up from the train station if I take the train out from NYC to see her.  She uses some of the most advanced and cutting edge techniques - is up to date on all of the latest products - and is able to vet through which ones really work and which ones are gimmicks.  My skin has never looked better since I have started seeing Flor.  Her prices are incredibly reasonable and fair for the extraordinary services she provides.  Go see her.  You will not regret it.
