My girlfriend recently flew from L.A. to N.Y. to help her family with some stressful events, so I wanted to get a spa session in her mother's neighborhood to help her relax.  I found Rachele Rose Day Spa on Yelp and chose it based on the positive reviews.  Since she's been on her feet for a few days, I bought her the 45 minute lavender foot treatment followed by a 15 minute foot reflexology session.   On the day of her appointment, my girlfriend was having severe migraines, so thankfully the Spa accommodated her request to switch the appointment from 11:30 AM to 3:00 PM to allow her migraine to dissipate.  Although still suffering from her migraine, she managed to make her appointment.  I wasn't there to see the treatment in action, but my girlfriend called me afterward and told me that she had a wonderful session, which had also cured her migraine.  I could hear the relief in her voice.  She was back to her cheery happy self, so for that, I am very thankful.
This day spa is a perfect place for a girls day. We were immediately led to a locker room with lush robes to lounge in. Us girls (four in total) hung out in the lounge with a bottle of champagne (and a mocktail for the non-drinker), until our rooms were ready. I had an hour long massage. Paige listened to my needs and worked the hell out of the nasty knots in my shoulder. It was wonderful to come out relaxed, sip on our bubbly goodness and snack on strawberries and mixed nuts while my other girlfriends got their facials done. It is on the pricey side, but you're paying for the full relaxing experience rather than just a massage service. They also have a nice line of products that were available for purchase. The owner, Rose, was very friendly and accommodating to our (last minute) needs. It was a great experience!
I came to get an aromatherapy massage with Paige and I LOVE HER!!! So these 5 stars are for her!!  She gave me an incredible massage! She gave me the perfect amount of pressure, focused on the areas I told her too, and was fantastic. Please, please, please request her when you visit this spa. I also loved the customer service at the spa. I was flying in from California with my best friend to get a massage - she scheduled it at 1pm but they were booked until 3pm. She called them back to see if they could do anything to accommodate us and they called in 2 massage therapists just to see us!! They only came for the hour massage and left - great customer service and we really appreciated it. Again, can't say enough about Paige. She worked her magic, I fell asleep twice and felt completely and utterly relaxed afterwards. She's the best. I'm definitely coming back and going to see her!
the facility was clean and lovely and the staff were personable. my masseue was friendly but i kept asking her to increase the pressure which she would for 30 secs and then revert back to what felt like lightly tracing circles on my back. i love deep tissue massage but this was hardly deep tissue. someone recommend a place for a true deep tissue massage for my aching back, please?
This day spa is not too bad, however I feel for the price you pay for a massage and a facial you should at least have some perks, like a snack in the waiting area or a private place to change your clothes.  When I go I usually go when they have specials.  When you first arrive you have to go up the stairs or the elevator and it is the first door you see.  If you are going for the first time, this can be a little confusing because it is located in an office building type not on it's own.  The staff is usually nice.  When you go to the waiting area, there are some magazines to look at.  The massage therapists are very nice.  It is a good spa but I just wish they were not so pricey.
I had a wonderful time at this spa. I called for two Swedish massages during a specific time. The didn't have anyone available. They called in two therapist who were wonderful. My massage therapist was Lisa. She was skilled and knowledgeable, instantly putting me at ease. The facilities were immaculate and the rooms impeccable. I highly recommend this facility. Its in a central location and the service is outstanding.
angela gives an excellent facial. i agree their prices are a little steeper then other spas in the area but i usually hold out for a special promotion. i wish they ran them more frequently, or offered discounts on packages.  the spa itself is small but inviting.  the people at the front desk have always been especially nice.
I got a professional massage for the first time in my life and my experience with Rachel Rose's spa was great. They are professional and neatly organized. I was suffering from sleep disorder/insomnia for past several weeks and after the massage, for the first time in many weeks I slept on time and had a deep relaxing sleep.
I bought a gift certificate for Christmas for my sister for a massage.  What hooked me was a "holiday offer" for free additional time if she redeemed the certificate in the month of January.  She made an appointment accordingly, went in, and got a nice massage. But her time ended at the usual hour.  When my sister explained the holiday offer to the woman, she was told she didn't know anything about it and she should get dressed and wait in the lobby. She sat there for 15 minutes (the amount of extra time the offer was for) when someone came out and told her all of the massage therapists were now booked.  In the 15 minutes that she was waiting, she could have received the offer. Instead she was told to come back another time, buy another massage, and get the 15 minutes free then.  My sister said no thank you.  The incentive that motivated my purchase was not delivered, and the solution once the problem was brought to the owner's attention, an additional 15 minutes, was apparently impossible to fulfill in the moment.  There are too many other businesses to support out there who would have mitigated this very minor issue much, much more satisfactorily.
