What a gem. Atlas Eats has the best brunch in the Rochester area. My favorite dish is the cavatelli special, which changes weekly and is always delicious. I would also recommend the kimchee pancakes. For dessert, I command you to order the bread pudding--it will change your life. My wife and I have gone to five of the Edible Atlas dinners, and they're consistently very good. Five plates for $35 is a pretty great deal. The chef's skill at mastering a new national or regional cuisine every other week is pretty amazing. I've seen some negative comments in other reviews about the service, which strikes me as very strange--we've never experienced anything but great service here. My only complaint is that they're not open seven days a week!
I love the concept.  They take a lot of risks, which I appreciate, although not every risk pays off.  For a $35 pre fixe, however, I can live with that.  In a city where so many menus are completely derivative and void of any originality its refreshing to see something different.   I was beginning to think that legislation had passed requiring roasted beet salad, upscale mac and cheese, fancy burgers, and braised short rib to be on every menu in town.  Now I like those things too, but they haven't just been done to death.  They've been done so hard and so long that most necrophiliacs wouldn't touch them at this point.  Its safe and its easy and its boring. I've been for Atlas' New Orleans, Portuguese, Tex Mex, and Japanese themed dinners.  Most dishes delivered.  A few needed fine tuning.  Some were pretty memorable.  Every time the service has been quite attentive.  Dishes come out at the right pace, my wine glass remains full, and the chef swings by the table to explain the dish and take a question or two, which is a nice touch.
We went to Atlas Eats this past friday evening for their specialty French menu at the 830 seating after stumbling across something on social media about their recent one year anniversary.  I had no clue it was in existence!  However, the secretiveness of Atlas Eats is what drew me in along with the excellent food.  The service was excellent, different from other restaurants on the same scale such as Cure or Good Luck.  I especially enjoyed how the wait staff worked as a team and presented each dish to us.  The atmosphere was simple enough that I didn't feel the need to dress up but elegant so that we felt it was an appropriate date spot.  They hit the ball all around. The food was excellent in my opinion regardless of some of the preparations.  The first dish, a savory tart, was a bit burnt on the bottom though hardly noticeable.  The next course, a potato leek soup was very rich and creamy (though my boyfriend thought it was too watery) I personally steered clear from the herb mousse garnish due to lactose intolerance.  The next course, salad, was...a salad.  The nice twist they added was fresh local vegetables and herbs which I greatly enjoyed.  Course number 4 was the main entree, brown buttered scallops over smashed white beans.  The beans were a bit dry and lacked some flavor but the scallops made it pop.  The dish could have benefited from slightly more sauce to offset the dryness of the beans.  The fifth and final course was a lemon berry tart with a sour cranberry type sauce.  Excellent.   I'd definitely suggest Atlas eats for a date night, couples night, or while visiting with friends but not wanting the full craziness of some of the other popular restaurants in Rochester.
My fiancee and I went to Atlas this past weekend for brunch and, while the food was good (I had the Sausage Gravy Biscuit and she had the Ranchero Roll), the service left much to be desired. A table that was near us clearly had regular patrons, and the server and owner both visited their table no less than four times during our meal, refilling their coffee and asking how their meal was. Meanwhile, my coffee was never refilled, and our server never stopped to inquire whether the food was to our liking after dropping it off. I liked Atlas, but I wanted to love it. The space was small but comfortable, and decorated well. The food was tasty, reasonably priced, and was served to us quickly; once it was on our table, however, we had zero interaction with any staff until our check was left.
Fantastic breakfast place, fresh food with a homemade feel. Excellent bakery, the scone was superb. The wait staff is friendly and cute. When I come back to town, I'll definitely go for dinner.
I was super excited to have found this restaurant! Not only is it close to my home, but there is finally a great place to eat in Irondequoit! This place is clean, super cute and always busy because of their food and hospitality! The breakfasts are the best! My favorite is the Ranchero focaccia with egg, avocado, salsa, sour cream and mixed greens. The dinners are so pleasantly different than what I am used to! I love that they serve genuine international dinners that make you feel like you have truly had a taste of that culture. This will continue to be my go to restaurant for years to come! Thank you Atlas Eats!
My husband and I had lunch here last Thursday.  It's a small place tucked away in a neighborhood in Irondequoit.  Really just a store front in an older building but it was packed and had a great lively vibe.  The food was absolutely fantastic.  Menu is small but there is something for everyone.  There is also a small bakery in the restaurant.  I could go on but try it, you will not be disappointed!
Love this place! It's tucked away in a quiet Irondequoit neighborhood. I've been several times for breakfast and lunch and have never been let down! For the reasonable price of the food, the quality is amazing, and you will definitely leave full! I also like to grab some of their bread or one of their treats to go on my way out.
If you're a foodie, this place is like heaven.  How many restaurants do you know that offer delicious food across the globe all at one location?  It really displays the high caliber of the talented chef and staff.  This cozy and intimate restaurant is a hidden gem within the residential neighborhood of West Irondequoit.   I had the opportunity to join the Edible Atlas Dinner Series featuring Ireland.  It was a five-course meal, including dessert - Irish rarebit, salt cod chowder & champ, cockles & mussels with roasted potatoes, slow roasted shoulder of lamb with colcannon & sticky carrots, and a four berry soup with buttermilk custard topped with bailey's oatmeal crumble.  Each dish was unique and plated with great care.  I thought the lamb dish to be average, but there was one that stood out the most, the four berry soup.  The dessert was perfectly balanced in the blast of tart and sweetness as well as the texture of 'soup', custard, and crumble.  It was the best way to end the meal, saving the best for last. The friendly and personable servers were rotating from table to table to serve the group as each course was completed.  Even the chef came out to serve some dishes and made it a point to go to each table himself.  The time in between each course was just right.  I don't recall feeling like I was waiting for the next dish or that I was rushed to finish either. I can't rave enough about my delightful experience - the food was tasty and aesthetically appealing;  the staff was cordial and efficient; it was obvious that this is the chef's passion and he takes great pride in delivering the best of his best.  It's not only the food but also the small things, like the well-organized and timed service rotations, how carefully each dish was plated, how the chef graciously served each table, and the excitement in his voice after we praised his insanely delectable dessert.  These folks love what they do and give to others.  I highly recommend joining the experience. Additional tidbits: - You must make reservations for the dinner series, which are only on Fridays and Saturdays at either 6pm or 8:30pm. - Dinner series menus changes every two weeks. - Wine pairing recommendations for the courses are well paired and offered excellent selections. - Great place for a special occasion as well as for the experience.
Food: 5 stars, really very good. Small menu but done very well. Service: 3 stars (but enough to bring the whole experience down). So they open at 9am - a bit on the later side for a breakfast/bakery place. That's fine but when you show up at 9am you would expect they are ready to go. Not the case here - there was one waitress who seemed overwhelmed buy the 4 groups of people that all showed up. The other employees were slowly arriving between 9:30-10. We waited about 45 minutes to order and get food (this was breakfast, glad we were not in a rush). Finally we wanted a scone to go, it was about 10:15am at that point and the scones were not ready yet. I mean a bakery should have there stuff ready well before 10am if you ask me. I would go back for the food and just be ready for slow and possibly incomplete service.
I went out to lunch with 5 coworkers. The place was nearly packed inside but we got a table outside that we wanted. Everyone enjoyed the food and complimented me on the selection of the restaurant. I got the baby back rib special with a cherry BBQ sauce made from local cherries. The menu is very well put together and limited, which goes to show that they make their food from the best & freshest ingredients. I give them five starts because the chef did an outstanding job and service was great even during the noon rush! Will return again for lunch and possibly even dinner!
Finally.... A spot that is a true neighborhood spot. Have heard numerous people telling me how good Atlas was, so we had to go check it out. It was everything we heard and some. Moving back from Brooklyn to Rochester, we missed those tucked away neighborhood feel good food spots. You get that feel at Atlas. This is the type of place we would bring our friends coming into town from bigger cities. (They all think we were crazy to move back to Rochester, so we have to show them Rochester has places that can deliver). Food is exceptional, service is everything you would want and will not disappoint even the pickiest of snobs like myself.
Last nights pre fix menu was fantastic! Area of the world: Mexico Seating: 6pm Overall Experience: Amazing Have you ever walked into a restaurant and though, "I hope the food is as good as this place looks"? Well Atlas did not disappoint. The restaurant is small and cozy (about 8-12 tables), but very clean and fresh feeling. The food is an experience all its own. Every table is served the same courses, from same menu, in unison, so it is important that you arrive on time. Our meal, The Mexican menu, was full of delicious bites, the tortilla soup with fresh avocado and cilantro was my favorite. With each dish our server offered and introduction of its ingredients and an explanation of how it was made. At the end of our meal, the chef/owner walked into the dining area to greet the patrons and he was just as sweet as he could be! I am glad that I was able to support a business who is dedicated to serving amazing food, with locally sourced ingredients in a nice, clean and mature environment. I was totally surprised that a place like this existed in Rochester! Nice Job Atlas Eats!
What can I say that others haven't already said? I feel incredibly lucky that this place is within walking distance. In lieu of contributing any perspective that isn't echoed by the other reviews, I'll offer a tip: if you come for Sunday brunch, come a little bit later so that you can take home bread! It wont be ready by the time you leave if you come in first-thing.
This is our new favorite little breakfast spot. Such a cute place with great food! The coffee is excellent. Love the decor and cozy atmosphere. Their small yet unique menu always has something I like. A hidden gem!
First time customers, we came after church for a bite, we picked to sit outside and enjoy the wonderful sun and breeze. Service is friendly, quick and knowledgable of their menu; I noticed in other comments that their menu is small, while I disagree being that there is something for everyone on it, the point is they KNOW how to cook great food here! I got the sausage gravy and cheddar biscuits, while my GF got the three cheese with ham pizza. The Cheddar biscuits were amazing, they poached the egg perfectly! the gravy was not gritty and packed a ton of flavors the meal came with a side of greens with a light dressing. The pizza was a thin crust baked perfectly with a nice firm crunch and a soft center and a perfect blend of cheese and ham. We finished our meal by splitting one of the bakery's three berry bread pudding with wiped cream. All out the door for under 25.00 including tip and tax. Affordable, delicious food with a great low-key setting. Want to escape the clutter and drama of the inner city? Then come check this little gem out!
If my tastebuds had a passport, they would have five stamps from around the world. Maybe those t.buds traveled a short distance to the suburbs of Irondequoit, NY, destination: a lovely neighborhood restaurant and bakery named Atlas Eats. However, once they reached their destination, they were transported, round "with flavor" trip, to a gustational tour of Italy, Korea, Portugal, France, and New Orleans (ok maybe no stamp here). All by way of Atlas Eats' Edible Atlas dinner series. Atlas Eats is a culinary gift to Rochester, NY. It looks like your neighborhood friendly bakery and kitchen, with tables sprinkled about, and globes and maps on the walls. During the day, you can purchase bakery treasures like a huge slice of carrot cake, that I'm pretty sure is considered a salad due to all of the carrots and nuts comprising the delicious cake. You can also order breakfast and lunch, during which time I enjoyed the best veggie burger with quinoa ever eaten. By anyone. On Fridays and Saturdays, 6:00 pm or 8:30 pm, is Edible Atlas, a five-course transformative, elegant, and deliciously affordable dinner experience that rotates every two weeks. Grab your reservations (only 22 seats) and appetites because each course is generous. Yet, all five fit comfortably inside the belly.  It's a tasting menu of the flavors of a country, city, or region, and a feast for the eyes. Make your reservation time, as the room is all served at the same time. Each course is presented beautifully. During the recent tour of France, my chocolate cake was adorned with edible gold leaf. While taste-traversing New Orleans, a bright red crawfish accompanied the étouffée. It was a most comforting and delicious seafood stew with rice, and I was honored to meet the acquaintance of the crawfish who contributed himself to the dish. The five courses progress from either appetizers or variety platters of "amuse-bouche" sized samplings, to hearty soups, to proteins of steak, chicken, or fish, to delightful desserts. Each dish reflects the country or region of the evening's tour. Atlas Eats helps you feel comfortable to try new and adventurous dishes, and is accommodating in introducing each of the five experiences. I cannot recommend any restaurant higher than Atlas Eats. A family-owned business with world-class cuisine and a reasonably-priced dining experience unlike any I have ever seen, Rochester, NY is lucky to have Atlas Eats
There are a lot of things that Atlas Eats is doing that I am a fan of. I'm into them being inspired by different cuisines and creating different menus frequently. This shows true passion and dedication to the culinary craft. I love that when you dine there for dinner, the restaurant as a whole is going on the same journey together- absolutely unique. The food is also executed wonderfully. My issue is mainly that many cuisines are not authentic as much as "inspired" by the country/city of origin. That being said, I can't wait to try their brunch and lunch options. I love their dinners but not always $35 minimum to walk in the door.
My loves and I had perhaps the best 45 minutes of our time in town while we ate at Atlas. Awesome awesome awesome menu. Some of the locals made it a little weird but... Keep being unique!
Our theme was Irish. I really felt like I was transported to Ireland (wherever that is).  Deserts that were sold in the display counter was not as impressive as the ones that came with the prix-fix.  Enjoyed every bit of the food, and the super romantic and unique experience.  Come with your date, they will enjoy it.  At the end the chef came to talk to us and asked us for advice on making an asian fusion cuisine.  Amazing!
Atlas Eats is always the best we love the food and the people at Atlas and now the Bentley's Ceramic and Woodworking Studio next door is a must to visit and see what is new in the world of EARTH FIRE WOOD
Nom nom nom! I'm a fan of Atlas Eats' concept. Breakfast and lunch during the day, 5 course dinner Friday & Saturday for two weeks from a different region or country. My girlfriend took me her for a taste of the Caribbean. 5 courses for $35. 2 sittings, one at 6pm, the other at 8:30pm. It's a great way to manage food supply and they serve everyone at once. Efficiency! The next two weeks, they will visit China. After that, it will be Italy. Italy is for lovers, of course. Our meal started with 4 different kinds of homemade bread with olive oil and roasted garlic. Yes! I may have tried every single variety. Shh. Don't tell. They have a drink menu featuring two beers and several wines. We went with a quartino of a Portuguese wine from the Alentejo wine. Everyone should visit Portugal. Our five course meal consisted of 1. fried tortilla chips, guacamole, fried cheese; 2. jamaican oxtail pie with alcaparrado; 3. black eyed pea & pumpkin salad; 4. jerk fish with trifongo; 5. rum cake with coconut jalapeno sorbet. The plating was excellent. The service was quite nice. They took our used silverware each time and brought out fresh cutlery. When explanations were needed, they were provided. I really enjoyed this concept and wish them more future success. Go here and travel the culinary food through their kitchen.
Fantastic meal. Love the location. Bring a sweater as it can be a bit chilly near the windows. One of my best meals in Rochester in a long while.
I've had dinner here twice and each time my expectations were surpassed. The price is set ($35), as is the menu, and at first that might be a turn off to some but realize this: everything you get will be so much better than what you would have selected should you have had options. It's the opposite of "Jack of All Trades". Each week, the attention is put into only 5 courses. The high quality of ingredients is apparent and the quantity is just right to avoid filling up too much for the last course, which is a small dessert. My husband has yet to join me so I can only estimate this, but I imagine he would not be full though I know he would be satisfied. The entire experience is a simple intimacy not found in many restaurants. The small bakery cafe's wood tables are covered with simple white cloth, adding a soft, clean feel with little more than a tea light and water glasses. The overall ambiance is truly a special evening of after-hours exclusivity. Without a menu, conversation is allowed to flow freely from the beginning. The server, sometimes the chef, introduces each course thoroughly and a basket is frequently brought around with a variety of fresh breads. Each seating is limited which lends to the cozy and private feel. I have only been to the later seating at 8:30 and would probably prefer it to the earlier 6:30 as both evenings went a bit over 2 hours and it's such a lovely experience that it would be a shame to rush it. Oh, be sure to check days/hours, they are limited. It's a good idea to make a reservation, though I've heard they're easy enough to get the day before or even day of. Breakfast/lunch days are also limited, and also worth it.
Wow, this place is the newest best kept secret for Rochester area foodies.   After a colleague recommended Atlas Eats, I was lucky enough to get a 6pm reservation on a Saturday evening for their 5-course (tasting) menu (note: dinner is only served on Friday and Saturday and is a $35 prix fixe menu with a rotating regional theme).  This evening's menu was an "edible atlas" tour of France. Each course was delicious and timely.  The wine choices (and hostess recommendations) were excellent (though not as reasonably priced as the dinner).  And for $35, the value just cannot be beat!!  I imagine it will soon be next to impossible to get a table here for the evening dinners.  If I didn't have to get a babysitter every time I eat out, I swear I would eat dinner here every other week. Five stars for the food; five stars for the service; and five stars for the price. I haven't been to brunch yet, but relatives from San Francisco raved about it. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation for their next Edible Atlas dinner.
Sold on them for brunch, I made a reservation for that weeks Korean dinner. The staff are so friendly. My yelp was spotted and Diane (thanks Breanna B) acknowledged it warmly. In between servings we got up to chat with the lady in the bakery, and place a sweets to go order. Since we like to make the rounds chatting people up we were invited next door to a new little pottery and woodworking studio. When they are up and running it will be a great little spot to be creative and then munch or vice versa, munch and create. Anyway the much anticipated dinner was divine. Course one was a variety of small bites: black beans, kim chi, omelet, bean sprouts and collards. Each was wonderful alone, but also fun to pair up into nifty combos. Course two and three were toss ups for our favorites. Two was a hot pot of silken tofu, veg and house made pickled cabbage. My most favorite dish ever was a kim chi bouillabaisse at this little place in Brooklyn. This soup had the same depth of flavor and a bit of heat. The tofu was tender, the mushrooms soaked up all the savory, saltiness and provided a meaty bite. Course three was scallion pancake with shrimp. The usual heavy, oily, scallion pancake you get around these parts was missing and in its place was a light pancake topped with shrimp and green onion, and topped again with a perfectly done quail egg. Topping the top of a top, I thought their chicken eggs were done perfectly egggggcellent. Course four was bbq beef with green tea rice. I picked up my knife to cut the beef HA HA HA! no need, just use your fork, it was so tender. Course five was half moon rice cakes with cinnamon ginger punch. The broth was perfectly fall, the rice cake filling was a bit like a nut butter, sometimes sticking to the roof of your mouth. The colors were really artfully done, like fall leaves purple and green in a brown background, with a little yellow ginger moon (see the pic)  reminded me of a fall forest reflected in water. I recommend purchasing the wines that are paired with the meal, they were both excellent and went nicely with each course. Thanks, for a great meal. I'm excited to see what the next offering is.
Superb experience at Atlas Eats! After attending a Yelp Elite event I knew I had to go back for a full meal. Their tour of the Caribbean was the perfect chance. My boyfriend and I chose the later of two seatings. The reservation was for 8:30pm but they wait until everyone has arrived to serve the first course. But get there early or on time, because there is plenty of bread (four varieties on our visit) and roasted garlic olive oil to whet your appetite. My favorite dishes were the jamaican oxtail pie with alcaparrado (a mixture of olives, capers, nuts, raisins and more) and the rum cake with coconut jalapeno sorbet. Each had a great mixture of flavors and textures. Beautifully plated and executed. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the plantain trifongo that came with the (delicious) jerk fish. It was very dry and bready and not very well seasoned. Overall we realized our dishes were very citrus forward. This makes sense for the Caribbean, but it would have been nice to keep some courses citrus free. The service was extremely high quality. There when you needed it, but always nearby just in case. The chef came out with each dish to describe the item and answer questions. My best advice: go hungry! With six courses over about 90 minutes you will eat your fill. I needed to take home part of my main course and also couldn't finish my salad. Atlas Eats has a model that makes sense. They stick with one menu for two weeks and with only two seatings two nights each week, they can cook very few times. This allows them to really focus on what they are serving and provide top notch dishes and service.
Atlas Eats is the most unique thing we have seen on the Rochester food scene in a while. While maintaining a small, mostly consistent lunch menu, Atlas features an ever changing (well, every 2 weeks to be precise) "Edible Atlas" dinner series on Fridays and Saturdays. So far, I have been to the Italian and Spanish dinners. Both showed dishes with an impeccable balance of flavours (eg. flan ice cream with currant compote? Never thought that would work!) plated like you should be paying way more than $30 for 5 courses. They serve their homemade bread with the meals - 13 grain (dense, slightly sweet, soft) and ciabatta (crusty and light) were offered on my visits. They also give you a garlic olive oil (with whole, soft cloves of garlic) to dip the bread in or in my case, to take a shot of. Okay, I didn't do that but only because my friends would have shanked me for hogging it. I also got to sample the kimchi the chef makes himself. It is a fresher and lighter take on the traditional kimchi. It tastes lighter than kimchi I have had at Korean restaurants and also had a little bright citrus finish. The vegetables used here are mostly harvested from the chef's daughter's farm (Pachamama Farm in Farmington). The cheese and desserts are usually made by the chef using local ingredients whenever possible. I tried their chocolate cake and it was very rich and DARK. No overly sweet buttercream here. It was hands down my favourite chocolate cake in Rochester. Service is always well paced and very friendly. Often the chef's wife is the hostess and on my last visit, his daughter was also helping serve. Ever go a restaurant just once and then have the chef remember your preference on your next visit? Chef Gerry at Atlas Eats did precisely that - much to my amazement. During the Spanish meal, he came out to our table and asked if anyone besides me doesn't eat pork. For real? HOW DID HE REMEMBER! He met me once! For like 15 minutes. I am still stunned about that. I do recommend making a reservation since they can only seat 15-19 guests at most. If you have any dietary issues, ask questions when you call. I have noticed that they often have ingredients beyond what is listed on the menu (eg. there was crispy serrano ham on top of the green beans which was not mentioned on their website). If possible (eg. you are not demanding a vegetarian meal at their German series), they will accommodate you because the chef is truly dedicated to people enjoying his food. I am already planning my visit to the next Edible Atlas dinner (Greek) and the list of friends who want to go along keeps growing. I also hope to try out their kimchi fried rice soon. If you haven't been to Atlas Eats yet, you are seriously missing out. Go, go, go! Note: 1) They just got their beer/wine license and were serving 2 wines and 1 beer at the Spanish meal. 2) There's a parking lot behind their building so you don't have to deal with on street parking. 3) During the Edible Atlas dinners, every course is served at the same time to every table. If you are late, you will be holding up the other guests. Don't be that guy.
Amazing! Simple, small, menu packed with flavor and individuality! Would have loved to stay longer and just enjoy more and more of this little hidden gem. The brunch was amazing! Next time would love to check out the bakery section. Great brunch Mr. W
It is difficult for me to write a review of this place for two reasons. I've been here only once, and I had a special meal that cannot be ordered normally from their menu. So I decided to write a review about their "Edible Atlas" dinner series, and the bread we got with the meal. The concept it's pretty simple, a prix-fixe menu of a themed meal featuring food from a different part of the world. Our meal was a Spanish themed meal. The location is really small so the seating is limited, and because of the nature of the place (a small local store) it is critical that one arrives on time. They did make accommodations for one of us that does not eat pork, and were very conscientious about it. Still, in this kind of meal there are no substitutions! So read the menu before making reservations. About the food, I recently came back from a long vacation in Spain, and was looking forward to have food that reminded me of that great time. I didn't feel the food was Spanish per se, but what I had was a series of small plates of beautifully prepared meals with fresh ingredients cooked with care, and seasoned wonderfully. Every dish was delicious, and the service was very attentive and friendly. Although the food was outstanding, and felt like the kind of food you get a a fancy restaurant, the service felt more like a small restaurant/diner; friendly and easygoing. The wine selections were limited, but both fit very well to the food we were eating. And the bread, the two selections we had were delicious and perfectly baked, one of the best ciabattas I've had in Rochester. Cannot wait to see what they have to offer next!
During a fine evening out for some trivia at ROC Brewing, Paul Vroman from Brick N Motor told me about a restaurant that was just about to open in Irondequoit he promised would be making not only high level baked goods but also serving prix fixe menu dinners to a small dining room. Atlas Eats is trying to bring back that small neighborhood store/restaurant feel and based on our experience on opening night last Friday they succeeded beautifully. The first iteration of the fixed dinner menu (rotating every two weeks) was Italian and I made a reservation for their first service. The restaurant itself is small with a total of 14 seats and very comfortable feeling with plenty of character including simple decor along with some classic moulding around the ceiling. Nothing particularly fancy but it felt right for the style they were going for even with the white tablecloth settings. The service and the pace of the meal were very relaxed while still being prompt with refills of water and offerings of other drinks and clear explanations of each course. We showed up a touch before dinner service began and investigated their baked good selections and since we were a bit famished we had one of their multi berry hand pies prior to our meal. The crust was tender and flaky and the fruit filling was sweet and tart and the seasonal fruit really popped. The meal started just a touch after the scheduled 6pm time with bread service that set the tone for the meal. The offerings included both home baked baguette and 13 grain bread served with roasted garlic olive oil. Both breads were well baked but the star of the show was the 13 grain bread that was nicely dense with a touch of sourness and good roasted flavor from the oats on the outer crust. This got us ready for the first appetizer course of homemade ricotta with ciabatta crisps. The ricotta was clean and fresh and the crisps were strongly seasoned and very crunchy. Maybe a touch thick for the application since they ended up feeling a touch stale in the center and a bit too hard on the outside, but we still enjoyed the combination of flavors when eaten with the well dressed young mustard greens a great deal. The only minor quibble other than the bread texture was the use of truffle oil but I think my fiancee is a bit sensitive to the chemically flavor that comes along with it. Our second course was the sauteed greens and white bean puree which was simply plated and straightforward. The arugula and endive were wilted but still had plenty of texture to balance the mostly smooth bean puree. Bitterness from the greens and the smoothness of the puree meshed well and everything was seasoned well salt wise. Cavatelli served in parmesan brodo with rendered capicola was the third course and my favorite of the evening. Inspired by the Buffalo classic Royal sub which traditionally has Italian sausage and capicola, the pasta was made with ricotta and provolone cheese and had a texture between gnocchi and regular pasta that I loved. Combined with the parmesan broth and capicola bits and oil the dish was a salty umami bomb with just a hint of spiciness and I was sad when my bowl was emptied. Loved every bite! Cod with a mayonnaise rub was the fish course served along with roasted cherry tomatoes, onions and mushrooms that made what they called a "marinara". The fish was flaky and very tender and the mayonnaise rub helped to achieve some very pleasant browning on both sides of the filet. The roasted marinara added some more dark flavors and acidity to round the dish out. Our dessert was chocolate gelato that had Ghirardelli chocolate chips and roasted almonds along with wine soaked cherries, whipped cream and a pizzelle made in house. The gelato was served at proper temperature and had a medium chocolate level with plenty of texture with the crunchy chips and nuts. The cherries and sauce balanced the rich flavors with some brightness and were my favorite part of the dessert. Anise was the dominant flavor of the pizzelle and was better than most I've had in the past. Very fresh and crunchy and had a bunch of that waffle taste that worked well when crunched up with everything else. This was a solid meal from start to finish and a great kickoff to what I hope becomes not only a neighborhood fixture, but also a great place for the Rochester area to celebrate a creative concept and people who really care about giving their diners an experience worth coming back for. I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of their fixed menus and the breakfast/lunch options in the future and highly recommend giving Atlas Eats a try! For pictures and comments please see my review at Food About Town!
Today was my first visit to Atlas Eats after hearing rave reviews from a few different people. What seemed to pull them in was the originality of the rotating menu. Only offering two dinner seatings could turn people off, but it looks like this different approach to dinner has served them well thus far. While I have yet to try dinner there, I'm intrigued by the fact that the menu changes every two weeks, also moving around the world (hence, Atlas) food-wise. It looks like until I can actually get to these countries - Atlas dinners will be a fine substitute. Breakfast was my first taste of this food and it was excellent. I hold my breakfast places to a high standard, and Atlas didn't let me down. An open-face, fried egg sandwich on house-made foccacia was fantastic. Eggs are seemingly easy to make, which some places take for granted and toss them aside as an easy add. Atlas made sure the egg was cooked to perfection, adding avocado, tomatoes, salsa and a small dollop of sour cream to the creation. The added side of greens took this small and extremely affordable meal to the next level. I love my coffee, and not only was it good, it was hot and was on the constant refill. I plan to visit on a regular basis for sure.
So far Atlas Eats is phenomenal, I'd give it a five but I need to try more before bestowing that high honor on a restaurant. Love the pancakes and their cajun/creole menu was very nice. I'm ready for more!
Was there for the Cape Cod Meal... having just returned from a week vacation my biggest complaint is that i didn't eat anything as good in Cape Cod!  The food here is wonderful the service is very attentive and relaxed.  It's wonderful that the only choice you get is what type of wine you want.. even when it came to the bread you can choose one or have all three types of home-baked bread which were all delicious.  This is the type of coo restaurant you would expect to find in east village not in Irondequoit.  The  focus in this place is on food... for such a small restaurant the kitchen has very generous space which is great as they deserve it with the food they serve!  I felt like i had a had a chef table. The portions are small but we were completely full at end of the five course meal. We will definitely be back for more and be bringing friends to show off our cool.. little known find!  With such limited seating I hope it doesn't get too popular.
Yes. Yes. YES. As first timers, we were skeptical, but Atlas delivers. Waitress was a little slow at first, but other than that, we enjoyed every last thing we got. I had the sausage and gravy with chorizo (oh yeah!). The hubs had a sammich that was very tasty. Both were served with a small spinach salad on the side, which was refreshing. And my two young girls had the whole wheat pancakes with real maple syrup, which they didn't like because god forbid they like anything that isn't made with white flour or high fructose corn syrup. No worries...the hubby and I ate theirs, too. Delicious! Coffee is fantastic. And we took home two chewies (flourless chocolate cookies) which were the shiznit. I will be going back and I hope they have the clover rolls this time to bring home. Only suggestion: I'd get rid of the McSorleys Irish Ale (meh) and the Saranac and offer better local craft beer instead.
This is exactly what a neighborhood restaurant and bakery should be - intimate, friendly, excellent service, and great food.  This is the kind of place you'd expect to find in Park Ave. or on downtown Pittsford - but with higher prices.  We used to live only three blocks from where Atlas Eats is now.  Oh, I wish we had this restaurant in our backyard again! We had the pleasure of joining friends for the first of Friday's Mexican-themed dinners at Atlas Eats.  They had been several times before and knew the owner.  Lcky that they are, they and everyone else in the restaurant had their tab picked up by a patron the week before - wow! The elegant taco was so wonderful.  A few pleasing bites.  The ceasar sald was wonderful as well.  Could have done for a bit more egg yolk and the anchovy on the bread was a bit light, but no major complaints here.  The shrimp in pumpkin seed were remarkable and the pork loin was oh so tender and delectable, spiced just right.  Likewise, the dessert, the mini cheese and guava plate was wonderful.  It was really the sorbet, however, that made this dish.  The available wines complemented the meal well and it was nice to see more than one token NY State wine on the list.  I also valued the fact that they made Dos Equixx amber available for this meal.  A nice touch and preferable in my opinion to Genny. So why not five stars.  Value.  Others have commented that where else could you find a five course meal for $30.  Truly, nowhere that I've seen including here.  The portions are almost mini tapas.  Without lots of bread (and their bread is remarkable so it made great filler), you'd be hungry.  Way too many restaurants serve oversized portions and to their detriment.  I think they've gone a bit too far in the other direction here.  Raise the price $5 or $10 and serve slightly larger portions.  Truly, the food isn't the cost here, it's the preparation, which is done so much more elegantly than you'd expect in a restaurant like this - more like Warfields in High Point.  Of course, when I have a 5 course meal in Warfields, I'm paying well over twice as much but I leave feeling satisfied.   Have yet to try Atlas just as a bakery.  From what we sampled of the baked goods, they clearly do a superb job.  The four breads offered with dinner were wonderful as well as was the mini empanada that comprised part of the dessert. For the evening, the 5 course meal and a couple of drinks each (our friends also had coffee), ran $85 plus tip or $42.50 each before tip (and they deserve at lest 20% here, probably 25% because they do such a nice job).  That's not bad, and about the same or less than I'd typically pay at any casual restaurant for dinner and clearly the food here is so much more superior to casual fare elsewhere.  But I do advise the owners to really consider increasing the size of a few of the servings to make it a more satisfying experience overall.  Don't price yourself too low. You are worth every penny.
OMG best meal ever  I am a fan of quality cuisine and dining atmosphere in our fair city - first time at Atlas Eats and my meal far exceeded expectations.  Each bite from the five courses was an explosion of flavors - chef knew exactly what to meld and combine to create complimentary stimuli to the palate.  Of note were the details of the cafe - world maps on the walls representing different world regions; clocks set to times in Kathmandu, Bilbao, and Dakar - to remind us that in this one cozy cafe the world is much smaller when united by the enjoyment of fine food.  Service was excellent - no indication that there was a set 'line of command' rather a joint effort from all staff - to include the chef - to ensure guests were tended to with food and beverage.  Finally, I respect the chef's willingness to bypass the norm of having only one specialty cuisine - be it French, Italian, Asian,--- in order to push the envelope and experiment with the diversity of food from various parts of the world. Bravo!  Will be back!
A world class experience! Not only was each course unique in its combination of flavors, it was equaled in the attention to detail of the presentation. This is a must for any foodie in Rochester and beyond. We'll definitely be returning to Atlas in the near future.
Traveling through Rochester from Cincinnati, OH, we wanted a friendly brunch spot with local flavor. We found it at Atlas. Today was the 2nd day of business for this small restaurant & bakery. Wouldn't have guessed from the service. My husband had a meatball sandwich. It came with a a bunch (5,6??) meatballs. The meatballs and red sauce were tasty and he happily scarfed up everything on his plate. I had the breakfast sandwich. Cheddar biscuit with bacon & eggs. Yum! Both were served with a bitter green salad that offset the food. They also has a carrot ginger soup, and a pasta dish the diner one table over said was one of the best he'd had. We were also given a taste of homemade the mango/vanilla ice cream they'd just made. Like dreamsicle in a bowl. Also, yummy!! Menu is small as they're starting which is working well for them. I overheard the owner saying they hope to have their liquor license this weekend. If you live in the Rochester area, make the effort to find this new jewel in the neighborhood. You'll be glad you did!!
Atlas Eats is like a forbidden city, few have traveled there, but those who know the truth are always trying to get back.  Located far off the "normal" Rochester food circuit, this hidden gem offers an experience you won't find on Park Ave, in the South Wedge, or the East End.  Truly unique and special dishes in a dining environment that is as unpretentious as possible.
Dinner series... Such a treat. I was waiting for "the" meal that would most pique my husband's interest and this was the one... We went here for the New Orleans series, and were mightily impressed.  Every course perfectly executed, right down to the most minute detail...perfectly prepared, perfectly seasoned and accented, and beautiful, artful plate presentation. Warm, intimate atmosphere, service was spot on too, very friendly, good timing between courses. I can think of nothing that could have been improved upon. I love the concept of this restaurant and so fortunate to have it 15 minutes from our house! Definitely looking forward to a future visit.
My friends and I stopped by here for breakfast last week before hitting up the Park Ave fest and this place is seriously a gem. I had the breakfast sandwich on their homemade cheddar biscuit, paired with a little salad on the side. The coffee was delicious, and our waitress kept giving up warm ups. The retro nestle vintage mugs with the maps are awesome. I love the theme, the clocks and the decor. Cute little bunches of lavender are placed on the table giving it a nice touch. I want to come back and try their international dinner menus that rotate. The Spanish and Italian ones looked amazing, next one is supposed to be Greek. The only thing is that the seating is super limited so reservations are a must. You can stop in for breakfast and find seating rather quickly though. Perfect place for two. Small groups only. I want to try more of their baked goods next time, the bakery list looks scrumptious!
Tonight was the Mexican dinner. Everything was delicious!  Each course was better than  the one before.  Such a comfy and friendly atmosphere added to the experience. I can't wait for the tastes of Italy in three weeks. If that dinner's dessert tops the guava and cheese empanadas with homemade sorbet, I'd be amazed and in heaven !! If you haven't been, get goin!!  You'll be so happy!!!
Went there for breakfast after reading the good reviews on yelp. The rating and reviews did meet my expectations for our meal.  My wife ordered the whole wheat kimchi pancakes and my daughter and I ordered the huevos rancheros with a cheddar cheese biscuit.  The kimchi pancakes were our favorite as with the coffee.  If you go understand the restaurant does not have a typical diner menu if that is what you want.  Atlas offer about 3-5 choices as well as baked goods you can order.  I would definitely like to go here for dinner sometime.
Always a winner...introduced 2 more friends to ATLAS EATS today. How could they not love it? ...both will return. Deviating from my usual selection, Kimchee with tofu, I chose the house made cavatelli, with fresh peas and arugula in a sun choke sauce. It did not disappoint. Love that AEats is just a few minutes from home
Yummy!!  Moist delicious old fashioned chocolate cake like mom would make. Russian braid bread is stuffed with almond paste and nuts and drizzled with glaze on top, only served on Sundays. Kimchi pancakes are balanced sweet and spicy. Kimchi tastes homemade.  Topped with a poached egg and cilantro. Huge portions, the pancakes easily can be shared between two people. Coffee is delicious as is the homemade orangina, it's not syrupy sweet like the commercial version. Attentive staff. Fun/ delicious breakfast
Finally.   I finally made it over here for one of their dinners.  Thanks to Naz B. for inviting me.  It was wonderful.   Honestly. Wonderful. Heavenly. We were there for the Italian dinner, and I just can't put it into words.   Each course was just delectable. Where do I start - how about with the antipasti - a delightful assortment of pickled vegetable for your pleasure.  I love everything except one of the olives which is very unusual (olives are my favorite food) and the only negative thing I will bring up. The risotto fritata was next and AMAZING.  The texture. The mix of flavors with the blue cheese on top.  SO GOOD.  I didn't want to finish it because I didn't want to experience to end!   Then there was the gnudi in parmesan broth. YUM.  Naz wondered if I was crying over this course because the look on my face showed just how much I loved it!  The greens in the soup were so good - and I feel terrible now that I can't remember exactly what it was.  LOVED IT. Cod - fabulous!  Who would have thought you could enjoy beans with fish.  I really never thought to put those together - but the bean paste/spread was delicious.  The texture of hummus, but a much more delicate bean flavor.  Loved it. Dessert. Oh dessert. Pistachio gellato.  Not sure I spelled it right - but it doesn't matter.  Any which way you spell it, it was wonderful! Our hosts were gracious. The service wonderful. Atmosphere - classy yet unpretentious.   You can go here and feel comfortable and enjoy exquisite food at an unbelievably reasonable price. I cannot wait to go back!
Have you ever had a moment when you're eating food and you have to stop to take in the glory of the dish? Well, I have and that was my night at Atlas Eats. This is not a dinner to be late to. Arrive promptly, even a little early to ensure you have time to settle and order a drink before your first course. Back in August, I joined for the Greek tour Saturday evening, 2nd seating (8:30pm). Even though the tours last two weeks and the Greek-themed dinner came and went, I'll share some highlights so you know what to expect for the future events. Side note: they often post a preview of the upcoming tour on the Facebook page and website. That means, if you see one you want in on, make your reservations ASAP so you can guarantee a spot in their humble 18-seat dining area. The dishes are simple, the shop is bright, quaint and airy, and the service is superb. It's the type of dining experience where you want to take your time, eat slowly, and enjoy the subtleties of the dishes. They do err on the side of "inspired" by the region versus the true authentic preparation. Although, I think that's what makes this unique. The chef can put his personal touch on the dishes and it's an enjoyable dining experience through and through. Tour of Greece Highlights: - First course: Homemade cheese, yogurt dip, and olives. The yogurt dip was my favorite -- tangy with a hint of sage. - Second course: Greek salad with marinated beets and turnips. Not the typical Greek salad I'm used to having, although it was wonderful with dill and a light lemon vinaigrette. The root vegetables were an unlikely, but satisfying pairing. - Third course: Swordfish with lemon and olive oil. The star of the night in my opinion! This is where I had to pause and relish in the dish and the experience. This was the simplest, purest form of food. Simply dressed with lemon and olive oil, pan-seared, light and mouthwatering. That, my friends, is how you prepare fish. - Fourth course: Hanger steak souvlaki on a grilled garlic crostini with tzatziki. The tzatziki was less creamy than others I've had, but the cucumber and dill were at the forefront. In a way, the bread soaked up the sauce and the steak was so tender. It ate more like an appetizer as it was easier to pick up and eat. - Fifth course: Baklava sundae. Dessert. Oh yes. This was a fun deconstructed baklava. The top part reminded me of Frosted Mini-Wheats. Each bite had to be eaten with all the fixings combined into one spoonful. The drizzle of sweetness on the plate was like (real) maple syrup and caramel in one. A lovely way to end the meal. We also were told we *had* to eat the candied almonds. The owner was right, they were spectacular. No garnish left behind! It was an intimate dinner, quite perfect for a date even though I went with my friend. Good thing we're close. There were candles and perfect instrumental music playing in the background. I couldn't have asked for a better Saturday night. And, I can't wait to go back for a real date night with the bf. Perhaps, we'll sign up for the next one: a tour of Mexico! Additional notes: - Their bake shop features some delicious homemade breads... mmm, ciabatta! Different hours than the restaurant: Thurs. 9am-6pm / Fri. & Sat. 9am-close / Sun. 9am-4pm - A nice spot to grab lunch: 11am-3pm Th-Sun... I recommend brunch sandos on Sat/Sun. The cheddar biscuit breakfast sandwich is delectable. The bacon is spectacular. - "The Edible Atlas" dinners are Friday & Saturday with 2 seatings -- 6pm & 8:30 pm. I recommend calling ahead to make reservations. They regularly update their website & Facebook page with the latest menu.
Can't totally agree with the incredibly lofty praise for Atlas. I've ate breakfast here four times and did the Korean dinner. Breakfast had been good, relatively simple and clean, as most of their dishes are. Portions are on the smaller side but the price if reflective so I got no beef there. Everything is very thoughtful at Atlas and I appreciate that but where I find this place average is just that nothing taste all that great. I love where they put the place, love the maps everywhere, especially in the men's bathroom, there is a great map of old Rochester, but nothing I've had, besides the Russian braids have been that great tasting. The Korean dinner to me was extremely disappointing, mainly due to just taste. The place looked great at night, and it is very reasonable at 35 dollars, but none of the dishes blew me away. One other issue was that most dishes were  cold when they arrived to our table. Watching them plate the dinners, they serve everyone at once, plating 25-30 plates at a time with ok heating equipment to keep things warm. Doesn't always bother me but the soup course of the meal was actually cold. Of the Korean meal, all the dishes are takes of things that I've had at sodam and they have been much better there. The pancake can't even compare. Love the owners, love the risk by putting it in a pretty unique area, love the thought that goes in to everything, but the food is just alright.
This place is a hidden gem in a quaint neighborhood and is JUST what Irondequoit needs!  I came here on a rainy, rainy Saturday with a friend of mine.  She had the buttermilk pancakes and I had the egg cheddar biscuit sandwiches, with cups of coffee for each.  The food was delicious and the prices were so, so reasonable ($5 for breakfast?!?  What!).  I had a question about the greens on my dish (they were delicious and so nicely dressed with a simple vinaigrette) - the owner of the shop mentioned that they were grown locally in her daughter's garden.  How much more fresh can you get?  The service was excellent with frequent refills of coffee.  We left with baked goods for the husbands and a promise to each other to check out the themed dinners they have on Fridays.  This place is a delight and I will certainly return in the future.  Thank you!
Small delightful casual bistro in the edge of metro Rochester. Not much else around this place - but its not to be missed nonetheless. Friendly staff and a nice simple but thoughtful menu. We had a late lunch and all four dishes were much enjoyed. I can only imagine how great brunch must be here on a spring or summer Sunday! I recall there only being about 10-12 tables, so imagine there is often a wait - but i would say its worth the wait.
This is an unlikely location for a restaurant, but it is worth the trip.  Excellent, flavorful food, knowledgeable staff, and at least at lunch I could hear myself think! Unique concept for a restaurant, but these folks know what they are doing! I highly recommend trying this place! Limited hours, so call first!
A very unique experience!  I felt like we were the panel of judges on Iron Chef as the chef served and described each of the five courses to us.  We attended the Italian American dinner for Mother's Day and each course was creative and delicious.  The suggested wines and beers went well with the meal.  The menu is attached. Each of us had our own favorite, but I did notice that the salad served family style was unanimously appreciated. I also thought the cod with asparagus was cooked perfectly.  The chef deserves to be proud of matching Mario V. In his Italian dinner.
We visited friends in Rochester who recommended Atlas for lunch. I had the special of the day - Baked Cod with Cole Slaw and Potato Salad - which was light, fresh & absolutely delicious! My husband ordered the homemade Cavatelli De Giorno pasta with kale which was equally delicious! Everything was made to order but worth the wait. Oh...almost forgot...we had the BEST BREAD PUDDING for dessert which was served warm. This place is a hidden gem that is sure to be discovered by many more folks.
This place is special. Food is amazing. Incredible attention paid to environment also. My wife and I had an amazing breakfast this morning then finished off our stay with some bakery items... Worth every penny.
A little restaurant with big flavors. Quiet, romantic, nice ambiance. It wasn't over crowded with tables. The owners create a comfortable dinning environment and make you feel like you're their only customer. I reserved a table for the Edible Atlas Dinner Series. I highly recommend it. Food was perfectly cooked with beautiful presentation. I look forward to visiting during the day for their carry-out baked goods. Come eat here, all day, every day.
Second visit update: 5 stars, best breakfast in town. Read the other reviews, nothing left to be said.
I experienced the Mexican menu tonight and all I can say is FANTASTIC!!  The food was fabulous.  Each course was better than the one before.  The service was friendly and attentive.   Each of the 5 courses is explained when served.  And they all looked like works of art.  Even the chef was serving.   The atmosphere is intimate and friendly as it is very small with limited seating, making reservations a necessity. It is a very different and fun way to dine out.  I am looking forward to going again.  Their baked goods looked delicious too!! Thankyou Atlas Eats for a great dinner!!
Wonderful meal every time.  Perfect food delicious baked goods.  Personable staff and comfy setting.  Breakfast lunch or dinner can't go wrong!
Very delicious meal. I went here for the tour of Portugal. I love trying new food and this was amazing. The food was rich and flavorful and wonderfully prepared. All the portions were good sized and not overwhelming. The timing of each course was great too. I felt very relaxed and not rushed to just eat and leave. The waitresses were friendly and attentive. At the end of the meal the chef came around and asked us how the meal was. If you are looking for a quiet, relaxing dinner this place is perfect. I plan on going back for more of the dinner series.
We went for brunch a couple weekends ago. Atlas Eats is a trendy little spot. We liked the decor and the vibe. Their baked goods are yummy (cheddar biscuit is amazing). However, they have a very limited menu for brunch. Prices are a bit high for the amount of food you get. The food, other than the baked goods, is just okay. We weren't impressed... we won't be returning.
Sadly for us, it was a totally disappointing meal... We hoped to celebrate the Chinese new year with dinner at Atlas but we definitely did not savor the flavors of China... We had read the reviews and had built up the excitement of a new place and a good meal (yes, we are foodies) and made reservations for the 6 pm seating... Disappointment started with the first dish. The ribs tasted parboiled and the black bean sauce was limp. Next came a crab dumpling soup. Yes, it looked pretty but it the single dumpling was hard and lonesome, and no much flavor either. Things got a touch better with the shrimp toast in the third dish, otherwise the shrimp serving size was down right skimpy. The fourth dish was duck. My three very tiny and very thin duck slices were perfectly cooked but the rice was inedible. Dessert included one wonderful almond cookie, a delicious tiny teaspoon of coconut flavored whipped cream, and an inedible gum cake. There was not much choice on the wines either. They must be bought in small 8oz carafes ($11-$13 each). We tried a gewurtz, a red and a white from Portugal, and a red from Italy. The gewurtz was a good pairing; no comment on the rest. we also ordered two beers (Tsing-Tao and Red-Stripe). The total bill was $172 plus 15% gratuity which adds to $198 for thee people. A very unsavory and a bit pricey not quite Chinese meal. In all fairness, service was great at all times, we liked the Atlas concept, and the three of us have been good friends for many years, so we had a good time even though the food was very disappointing.
I seem to be alone here in my displeasure with this restaurant.  I wanted to love this place, I really did.  I celebrated its arrival.  It's in my neighborhood and has breathed much needed new life into a formerly sad little plaza.  I have dined there 3 times, and on 2 occasions the food was excellent.  I got the Kimchee Fried Rice, some delectable desserts and very good coffee.  The 3rd visit was for brunch and my pancakes were fine, but I was served coffee so stale I had to send it back.  But we were there right before closing so I can forgive that.  What I can't forgive is the chilly treatment by the proprietor/waitress on my last (and final) 2 visits.  I got the distinct impression (and my companions agreed) that she did not like us in her restaurant!  We were quiet and polite - model customers.  She gave me attitude when I sent the coffee back, and whisked away an extra syrup without asking us if we wanted it.  I have no idea what her issue is (perhaps I do not fit the young and hip demographic they are aiming for?), but I can't recommend a restaurant that isn't gracious to its customers.  I will not be returning, the food isn't worth the unpleasantness.  It feels lousy to be treated that way :( And not once was my coffee refilled, as other reviewers have claimed.
What a meal!  If you are fan of 'Master Chef' then you will love this place.  Each dish was plated just like the chefs on the show are aiming for.  My husband and I were still talking about the dinner a couple days later.  A must see for Rochester NY visitors and locals!
This place is great.  My family was excited when we walked by the location one day and noticed that a restaurant was coming soon.  I went in a few weeks ago with my 2 children and we all loved it.  The people that work there are extremely friendly.  The food from the kitchen was fantastic.  The bakery had quite possibly the best muffin I've ever had.  This is definitely a place that my neighborhood should be proud of and I can guarantee you that we will be regulars at this fine establishment.
Yum! What a fun restaurant, and the food was great. I was there at lunch and had the veggie burger made with quinoa and beans and it was delicious, with a great burger texture. And, all the great local produce, like the local salad greens and the sauteed greens on the side rounded out the meal nicely. The bake shop is full of enticing options.
