I wanted a drastic haircut after having long hair for five years, but was nervous and hesitant to try a new hairstylist after my hometown salon closed down.  I made an appointment with Lauren and after five minutes in her chair I felt like I had been going to her for years. She calmed my nerves  and asked what hairstyle I was looking for. I told her something mature and classy but with a little edge. She was so sweet and understanding and knew exactly the looking I was going for. She gave me AMAZING angles and cut off five inches. She trimmed my bangs and parted them to the side and gave me a BEAUTIFUL blowout. I felt like a Kardashian in her chair getting the celebrity treatment. After going through a tough divorce I wanted a change. I wanted to feel sexy again. Lauren's look and spunky personality gave me the confidence I once had at age 22. After she told me to look in the mirror. In that moment I had forgotten what it felt like to be confident and sexy. After the haircut I raced home to show my friends and family. They demanded I tell them who cut my hair. I told them how talented Lauren was and how eager she was to make me look my absolute best. I realized after that appointment that getting a hair cut isn't just about sitting in a chair and getting a quick trim, it's a lifestyle change and a confidence booster. Lauren gave me the cut that fits my personality. It's fun and it's classy. She is such a talented stylist and I can't wait to come back for my next cut. It is such a relief to find that there are actually people in customer service out there that truly CARE about their clients like Lauren. I am so glad I met her and she truly made my day. It's really the little things, the thoughtful and passionate people out there who can truly make a difference in someones life. Cannot wait to come back!
Does anyone know where  DAVIS started working in the city? I know he is working at a hotels salon in the city but cant remember the name of the location- he is the BEST at cutting hair!!!!
I'm a little surprised to see so many negative reviews about the White Plains location. I've been a client for 3-4 years, the majority of my services are Signature Facials. Those facials are OUTSTANDING, and there was only 1 time (out of like12) where my technician was less than good. That particular time I felt a little rushed - not that my full allotted time wasn't used - just the way she performed the service didn't feel right. Once I had a salt/sugar scrub which was good but I wasn't expecting a male technician so it was a tad awkward - I'll accept the fault for that as I hadn't indicated a preference when scheduling the appointment. Overall, though - this is my favorite spa by far. I've been through several Bliss locations in Manhattan, but they have so many clients that it feels more like a factory rather than a spa. You go in, then you go out. Not so relaxing. And I really like the waiting room at Red Door White Plains, it's so cozy that I actually fell asleep once while waiting for my service.
Very snotty for no substantial reason.  Technicians are rude and do an ok job.  Spend the money and go to the city.  Never returning and will be telling other friends and family about my experience.
I'm a long-time customer of the NYC Red Door spa location. I've been to the Red Door Spa at the Westchester three times for hair services, and have had a good experience each time. Its not cheap, but its also not so high-end snooty that you feel "not cool enough" to be there. I saw Erin for my color and she is excellent (its eight months later, and my balayage highlights still look outstanding!) And I got two beautiful haircuts from Davis.   My reccomentation to anyone who wants to be pampered and have a luxury spa day at EA is to go the the NYC location. The Westchester EA is fine, but I'm not sure you'll get that luxury experience in a mall setting.
If I could give this place no stars I would.  I booked a spa day for myself here and was so incredibly disappointed.  My massage was lame.  Manicure was just okay.  My cut and highlights were so bad I cried at the front desk.  I tried to speak to a manager and was pretty much told, in other words, that my hair was fine and to get over it.  I asked to speak to HER boss and she said no one was around.  Three days later I get a call and was asked if I wanted my hair fixed.  "Sure", I said.   Go back, they cut more hair than I wanted cut off and they charge me on my way out.  Apparently the manager left and didn't tell anyone.  She had to be tracked down in order for me to leave without paying for their failed attempt at remedying the problem.  On the phone I was referred to as "the one with all the problems".  Gee, thanks.   What a waste of $600.  Next time I'll flush the money down my toilet.
I got cheated. They sold me a series 6 package with some discounts saying that it was transferable to any services, but just on my second service, they said that the policy had suddenly changed and refused to honor the transfer. I suspect they could not work the system so gave me an easy answer to make me go away (guy with a ponytail) It is basically reflective of the staff's general attitude over there, they would generally ride roughshod over clients just to make sure they get away easily without doing a proper job. Even when booking appointments, in recessionary times like this, they would just not think twice to give you the most inconvenient time, two weeks later, and put it for during office hours. Linda Kim as a manicurist is phenomenal that's why this place gets any star at all. Not a high-class place.
I consistently go to the EA hair salon at the Westchester in WP - love Erin for highlights and Cristina for cuts - I have long hair that I like cut an unusual (sort of choppy on the ends) way and Cristina totally gets it & Erin saved my hair from other bad color jobs at an even pricier salon in the city.  They aren't the least expensive but are not outrageous.  I don't have a car and even borrow a car to go there - I trust them (and they are both super nice, too, which makes your time go by quicker), and that's key in my book!  (have also had facials there - like one of their senior facialists who doesn't work that many days - she has an amazing touch!)
I was reminded today to write this review off reading another spa (non-related) review on yelp.  I had to think, because of the subject mattter, will this review be appropriate?  What would my mother think, if she was on yelp.  So I decided, YES, it is necessary....   I never got a facial at this spa, nor a haircut, not even a manicure.  But I did and do get my brazilians here.   It's so difficult finding a good place that knows how to do the good ole' pull and tug of that area down under.  But this place is by far the best and the least awkward that I've ever experienced. The first time I went, I called in my appointment.  The receptionist was great, I told him in my lowest voice "I'd.....like to schedule.....a.....Brazilian"  There I said it.  He didn't laugh, or chuckle, or even question...just recommends Thalia.  "I will put in with Thalia, she's excellent"--he says.   I arrive at the Westchester Mall, and walk my way to the spa and am greated by the receptionist.  He gives me a tour, then escorts me through a narrow hallway to what seems to be a common area.  He tells me to sit and wait for Thalia.  I'm expecting Thalia to be a tall large European woman with giant man hands.  But she is the opposite.  She greets me and escorts me to the room. Now, I don't know if you've ever got a brazilian or not, or are thinking of getting one.  But here is what happens....I then am given some disposable underwear to put on and a towelette (you figure out what it's for).  Then she comes back in with a pot.  It's literally is a small sauce pot with what she explains to be their "own secret wax reciepe."  It looks scary, but the wax does wonders.  She applys the wax, and I notice that she doesn't use any muslim or wax paper.  Within minutes she's done, and there is minimal redness.  She even offers to apply razor relief, (which I recommend on applying, it cools the skin off and makes it less irritated).    May I say that the whole procedure was a good as a brazilian procedure could be and that I was very pleased with the results...I've recommended this place to co-workers and friends, and they all speak wonders of the miracle wax and the results....oh, and the procedure cost about 85$ not including the tip and the razor relief that I purchased afterwards.....  end review...
I have been to many salons around the Westchester area, paying from $50.00-$200.00 for a haircut and style. For the last year I have been a client of Davis, and I'm very happy every time. He's very nice to the clients and not hard on the eyes either :)
Came to this Red Door location, in The Westchester, for waxing. I've been to the Garden City and NYC locations for treatments & waxing, and the White Plains location holds up well to the others. The locker room and waiting area were both clean and well-appointed, and I was seen right on time. My esthetician was friendly but more importantly quick, efficient and did a good job. The prices at Elizabeth Arden are high, no doubt -- but my skin is super sensitive and I need to be sure about the type of wax used, so I'm willing to splurge. Would definitely consider coming back for a treatment or using again for waxing.
Bait, and Switch!!!! My wife received a gift certificate for her birthday and scheduled an 80 minutes signature massage. This appointment was scheduled several weeks in advance, and the request was for a female masseuse only! At the time of the booking, she was given the therapists name, which was a female. Upon arrival, she was assigned a male therapist, and asked to speak to the manager in order to correct the problem. You guessed it! no one available, too bad.  She asked for a refund on the gift certificate; they said not possible and were unapologetic. Drove a half an hour, parked in the garage, basically wasted a half a day. It gets worse! Eventually the manager called her and the manager had a very hard time even apologizing (would only say it was a booking mix up)! And to make matters even worse she said my wife made a scene (of course she was upset!); instead of expressing any genuine feelings of regret, this manager suggested my wife send back the gift certificate instead of coming in for the service! Her manager has to date never called back.   My father always said if the head of the fish stinks, than the rest must be rotten. It's a shame that an upscale spa can manage a business so poorly - no wonder big corporations outsource their customer service overseas. We are very experienced in spa etiquette as we travel all over the world and visit spas everywhere - this is really a shocker to us.  As a side note, the NYC spa could not have been nicer when we called and said and did everything we would expect in a situation like this one. I would avoid the Westchester location for any service whatsoever!
THE MANAGER TRIED TO STEAL PROPERTY!!!!!!!!! After being a customer of this salon for over 7 seven years I have had the most humiliating, rude and unbelievable experience with the recent manager. If I could I would give the current manager NICOLE VALENTINO negative stars. After my mother and I left her coat there on a thursday we called and asked for it to be put "safely" in the manager's office and said we would pick it up on Saturday. On Saturday I had highlights, blow-dry and a wax which in its entirety I spent standing outside the manager's office asking to the whereabouts of the coat. The manager not only was evasive and hiding behind the office door but made up and changed 8 different stories of why my coat was not in the office or the premises. She said she thought the coat had gone to a dry-cleaner with the robes (I know for a fact that towels and robes are washed on premise). She then said that the coat had been misplaced, then that she had no confirmation that it was indeed at the cleaners. She then said that the dry-cleaner was in Rockland county by her house. She then said that the cleaners would close at 5 but would wait for her until 8 pm, then again that the cleaners had opened for her. She then said that the cleaners had closed at 3 after she had told me that it closed at 5. When I asked for the name and number of the cleaners she REFUSED to provide it. The lies and inconsistencies of the story continued for the next three hours.  All the while, I was never asked how she could make me comfortable in my stay while she investigated the whereabouts of the $1800.oo coat. She never offered to replace it or pay for it, she never offered a cup of coffee, a glass of water or any complimentary service. After 4 hours of no answers of why this coat was missing, my mother was forced to cancel her plans and call the manager who in turned hung up the phone on her client. My mother (the owner of said coat) then came to the salon to confront said manager. At this point my mother was upset and advised the manager that this would have to be filed to the police as a theft. The manager then shouted and humiliated us in front of the welcome desk (where there is seldom more than one person) and told us that we were not welcome in "HER" salon. My mother was of course upset. It didn't end there, she then called mall security on us and had us escorted out of the salon without a coat and of course long after the bill of $340 dollars have been paid. We told the security guard the story and he couldn't even help saying to us that HER story was indeed fishy and sounded as if she knew exactly where the coat was. We then gave her the ultimatum that if she didn't find the coat by 6:00 pm we would call the police. Magically she then knew where the coat was and left the salon in the company of one of her colleagues to the mysterious place. The coat came back at 6:30 but the experience will never be forgotten along with the humiliation and the unbelievable treatment from the top manager at the salon. I AGREE THIS IS NOT A HIGH CLASS SALON! From reading previous posts it seems to me that the unwillingness to help her customers is a pattern in turn making the customers so upset that then she claims they made a scene.
I went to this Red Door with high expectations. Although the atmosphere was nice, the services weren't worth the money. I had a wax and a small amount of wax was left on me(making it a bit uncomfortable to take my pants off later) I have curly hair and the hair stylist did an OK job but I have had a better job done at places much less expensive.
I had a great experience at this spa both times I've gone. I like to go to the spa with friends and the girls on the phone are very helpful and try to accommodate you anyway they can. Location is great on the bottom floor of the Westchester and I love that I can get shopping done before of after my treatment. Really completes our girly days. Arrive early so you have time to change and relax in their waiting/relaxation room before your treatment, we wanted to spend more time in that room. Soothing music and dim lighting gets you ready. Bathrooms and locker rooms are very clean and nicely decorated. Both times I went I got facials which were fantastic - friends said my skin was glowing afterwords! Best part is that they give you really customized treatments and products based on your skin and what you tell them. The 3 of us got facials but we each got a different combination of products. We each left with a sheet of what was used and their names if we wanted to purchase. I never felt pressured into buying the products like I usually do at other spas. All in all good treatments and service! I already have my massage appt scheduled :)
In from out of town, and needed a great hair cut. I decided to "play it safe" and go to an expensive, branded chain.. The stylist only knew one what to cut and style - and did not listen to what I wanted.  This is the first time I have looked worse coming out of a salon then when I went in - with a style that was not as good as I can do myself on a bad hair day. If you want the cut and style they want to give you - and your hair fits that, you may do okay.  The styling was so bad that the cashier did not think that my hair had been blow dried when I paid for the service. Save yourself a ton of money - and go to Supercuts.. or find a high end salon with stylists who have experience.
I can't speak for the rest of the spa, but Yuwen, the eyelash extension specialist is WELL worth the money. I have been getting lashes from her since July. I have very small, feathery eyelashes. Yuwen is extremely professional and makes my lashes look real, full, and beautiful! I no longer wear eye makeup and feel like a million bucks. Everyone else has been more than professional and I have enjoyed every visit.
