Bring some Earplugs! We just ate there this past Friday Night and agree with all the other reviews re the great food which it is. But the only reason I rate Good Luck with two stars is the noise is exceptionally LOUD!!! I have good hearing but the waiter had to kneel on the floor to hear us and take our order. The hard floors and ceiling contribute to the reverberation, hopefully the owner will invest in some sound proofing. Like any new place downtown it gets crowded and the noise to go with it. Don't bring a new date here you will not be able to converse with her...
Thursday is no corkage fee night!! Love the country chic elegant atmosphere. Share everything it is all wonderful. Great for a group because you can order many items and share. Not everything is brought out at once so you can eat drink and have conversation and still leave full. Just wishing they had more dessert options. I heard if you buy cocktails there are expensive so watch that.  We went with 8 people and brought our own wine and the total was a little over $100.  You can't go wrong for that price. And to James B. the 1lb. burger with home cut fries and a wonderful coleslaw like salad shared was wonderful.
Great atmosphere with old collections and beautiful decorations. This is absolutely a good place for  friends gathering and sharing food. Strongly recommend to make a reservation otherwise you will have to wait for approx. 2 hrs. I love the outside sign "Good Luck" because it gives me a positive feeling.
This is the place to go for dinner in Rochester.  For a long time, I was a loyal 2Vine goer for all my nice dinners with maybe a switch up to Max's at Eastman Place, but then Good Luck came along.  I love the concept, and the food matches.  I haven't had the (seemingly) very popular burger because a 1lb burger looks fairly nasty to me, but everything else on the menu is incredible.  Every single piece of food I've eaten from there is great, the staff is knowledgeable, and the cost isn't that high for what it is (a high-end restaurant).  Highly recommended.
Best restaurant in Rochester!
My rating has nothing to do with restaurants in other cities, educational backgrounds, or social groups.  Just a review of the food at Good Luck in Rochester. Good Luck is a fine dining, "tapas" style restaurant that I recently went to with some friends.  We shared their 1lb. burger and fries, cauliflower gratin with gruyere, and house-made squid ink spaghetti.  The burger was a great deal compared to other items on the menu and filling although not the best I've ever had.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare, as we requested.  The cauliflower gratin was a surprising hit; it was incredibly cheesy, as expected, but had a crunchy topping that was a nice contrast.  The squid ink spaghetti was also very good, but I was disappointed that the rich sauce masked the unique flavor of squid ink. For dessert, we had a lemon tart, molten chocolate cake, and vanilla poached pears with camembert and hazelnuts.  The portions were quite large and filling, especially the chocolate cake.  The poached pears seemed less like a dessert to me and more savory, probably because of the cheese. I'll also mention that the decor is pretty unique for this area; it's a coverted warehouse with a vintage look.  I've heard it can get pretty loud on the weekends due to the open space, so take that into account.  All in all, I'm a fan of Good Luck and will be back to try many other items off their ever-changing menu.
After not having been in Rochester for years I flew in and met friends here. Wow. This would be a top restaurant in ANY big city. The food was incredible, atmosphere the perfect mix of understated warehouse and magical details. Perhaps I'll be returning to Rochester more often.
Good Luck is my favorite restaurant in the Rochester area, and I have been consistently impressed.  The chef draws on a wide range of influences and is creative without being pretentious or fancy for fancy's sake.  It's true that not *everything* is a winner, but the vast majority of the time it ranges from very good to truly excellent.
Seriously delicious and a lot of fun for a group of friends.
Really cool place with great interior and open kitchen. Got the sampler plate which was a little pricey at $19.00. Had some cheese, shaved meat, and great fish spread (tastes better than it sounds) with fresh bread. The place was packed. Seems to be where the good looking young Rochesterians go to eat and be see, Had a great time and the food was great.
This place has fabulous food. I have yet to try a dish there I do not like. You definitely need a reservation. My only complaint is that it is very loud in there, and can be difficult at times to hear the rest of your party. They have an amazing coffee liquor drink on the dessert menu that I love. Overall, this place is definitely one of the best restaurants in the Rochester area.
Absolutely fabulous. The food, the atmosphere, the share concept. Best restaurant in Rochester!
Excellent date spot. Great for people watching. Delicious cocktails. Pricey but very much worth it.
Amazing ambiance...delightful dinner served by candlelight. The chickpea tagliatelle with eggplant meatballs is a must-have. Stephen took excellent care of us for our first-time dining experience at Good Luck.
Eh, this place is just ok. We went for a friend's birthday, made a reservation for 18 and they offered us a private room that looked over the kitchen. To their credit, they were super cool about the fact that half the people bailed at the last minute and we only had 9. We ate a tasting menu that the birthday boy picked out in advance. The price they quoted was $25-30/head.  We had salad (not much to say, it had bleu cheese), grilled octopus (better at Rocco), margherita pizza (better anywhere else), fried chicken (decent, nice and crispy), smoked trout (delicious), and we shared 3 different desserts (all delicious). We all had one drink, and the bill came to $71/person. Um, I paid less to eat like a hog at Rick Bayless' Frontier Grill in CHICAGO, as well as to gaze upon his loveliness in person (but I think the view is technically free). Overall, I would be willing to give it a second chance when I am once again flush with money (ha). For the record, the service was very attentive and it was fun watching the kitchen work. The places so noisy, though, I can't recommend coming here for a romantic night unless you really don't like your dinner companion.
Planned a 14 person bachelorette party dinner in the private party room next to the kitchen and it was spectacular. Meghann, who helped me plan the party and also ended up being our waitress, is probably THE sweetest person I have ever met in my entire life. She was willing to work with all my vegetarian demands and the dairy intolerance in one of our guests. I ordered a cocktail that I didn't like and she immediately took it back to the bar to have the bartender make me something different. She even kept a smile on her face when one of the guests asked her to takes "candid" pictures of us. She was amazing. The food came out in three courses (2 items per course, pre-selected with the help of Meghann) and it was SOOO YUMMY. The flavors were something none of us had tried before from the Tagilatelle to the dressings on the salads. The atmosphere was great and the restaurant was beautiful. The restaurant was a little pricey with the food bill at ~$580 and drinks at ~$280 but I'd say it was worth the splurge for this occasion.  Strong drinks, unique food, tasty meal, and Meghann = WONDERFUL experience. Everyone go there now.
Simply the best food rochester has to offer. The menu combines unique ingredients in ways that creates a taste and texture mixture on the palate that rivals the best that any city has to offer. The antiques and overall ambience provide an exceptional dining experience for both social dining as well as a more intimate time with a date.
Good luck was great! I am a vegetarian and there was still plenty I could order and my boyfriend likes meat so there was stuff for us both. My favorite dish was the red lentils!! Spicy and sweet:-) Emma our waitress was also great!
As a New Yorker, a Washingtonian (D.C.), and now a Bostonian, I can say Good Luck definitively measures up to some of the best dining in this country.  What makes it so wonderful is the delicious food, the creative cocktails, and the UNpretentious environment.  The atmosphere is expected to be relaxed, not upscale.  The food is family style and the image is down to earth.   I can't get over the Ledgermain - it's the one of the best cocktails I've ever tasted.  Definitely one for the ages (it's laced with Siracha).
Not what I expected. I read a lot of good reviews on Good Luck and some bad ones. I unfortunately will have to go with the poorer reviews. But first the good points. The style of the restaurant and bar were very sleek and stylish. We did not drink alcohol but the drinks looked fabulous. We started with brussel sprouts which were good yet salty. Next dish was a cheese, meat and veggie tray. It consisted of olives, rabbit, duck and a few slices of cheese. No veggies and 12 bucks. Entrees were fried chicken which was so salty we couldn't eat it. Fried Bologna which was greasy. The famous hamburger which was tender but really had no flavor and finally goat cheese and kale gnocchi with beans in a sauce. The gnocchi were tender yet utterly tasteless. The sauce was similar to chef boy-r-dee. Entrees were very pricey and designed to share but portions were not big enough to share. We left hungry. Will not be back. I would recommend forgoing Good Luck and try your luck somewhere else.
For New Years Eve we went to Good Luck hoping to get a good meal in.  We went early as being New Years it most likely would be crowded later in the evening.  As we arrived at 6pm, we noticed a couple of people dining and a few more enjoying a drink at the bar.  We asked the hostess to seat our party of 3 and we were denied.  She said that "since it is a special holiday evening, we are only seating parties of 2.  Feel free to eat at the bar, though."  I looked at her with my puzzled look and looked into the empty dining room and told her "you really want to lose a $150 tab?"  I figured with food and drinks for 3 people it would be about that.  So we left and went to Social on East Ave and had a great meal.  We told their Manager our story and they were dumbfounded how anyone would turn down a huge tab in todays economy.  I guess we'll never know how the food is at Good Luck.  I guess their name is appropriate for their guidelines.
This place is great.  I highly recommend it!
To start I must say we are from Philadelphia so we do have high standards when it comes to restaurants. Judging by the packed house, the locals don't share our same expectations. The decor is funky and great but not noise friendly so expect to yell across the table. The service is slow, actually that's saying it nicely. I hate having an empty glass and that happened the entire meal to both of us. We each had great portioned light salads which I'd recommend. The wait staff is keen on pushing the sharing concept and recommended for us to over-order, glad we didn't listen. The chicken was beyond huge (easily enough for three) but the side zucchini dish left a lot to be desired. Overall i would not come back ever again but if this is the best in Rochester, I'd say drive a few hours and eat in another city.
Great concept....this place definitely thinks it's cool. It's hip for Rochester and I'm sure it makes the locals feel like they have a hip joint to flock to. Here's the thing.... smoke and mirrors will only get you so far. It's a great physical space, but the food and the fundamentals of serving it do not deserve the kudos this place gets. The drink was ok, but my Makers Mark Manhattan on the rocks (sweet) took way too long to arrive. It was a Wednesday night. My burger? When eventually did arrive, it was way undercooked. An amateur error. They did send a cook out to tell me they were making a new one but by the time that one showed up, I wasn't hungry anymore. Beside the fact that was huge (that's what most people talk about here) it was over seasoned and just not very good. I was calm and not rude and my server was a sweet girl....and they did comp the burger and drink without my asking... I was told that the owner insisted. Too bad he or she didn't find it necessary to come over and talk. A guy wearing a chef's coat did appear at the table next to me, apparently to get smoke blown up his butt....I'm not sure if he was the owner or not. Good Luck...you need it.
Great classy atmosphere.  The Good Luck Burger and a bottle of prosecco always make for a great night.  Good for drinks or dinner.
Six long-lost friends and five bottles of wine grace a set of mismatched china and chairs surrounding a thick wooden table. Candles, a mason jar of various serving utensils, and small uniquely colorful flowers decorate the table with no accordance to follow one another. Combined with good company, I'm a firm believer it's these little details not over-looked which make for a good time feelin'. No, this isn't an al fresco dinner party, but rather the communal, simply un-uniform atmosphere at Rochester's hotspot, Good Luck. I was excited to try this place following rumors that it's BYOW with no corking fee on Thursday nights. Walking into the airy warehouse-turned- restaurant, I noticed a fair mix of families and friends, large and small parties alike. The restaurant is so open and vast that I spent a good couple of minutes just looking around at each unique table sporting mismatched chairs and silverware. I admired one large side wall converted to a chalkboard, which showed off the menu items accompanied by various hand drawn sketches. Since it was my first visit, I was explained by a friend that Good Luck serves "family style"/tapas to the table. Therefore, we ordered multiple items to taste and share. We started with Bibb Lettuce, a salad of red onion, chick peas, ewe's crumbly blu (YUM!), panchetta, croutons, and pepperoncini vinagrette ($9). A very delish starter! Following, we sampled the Red Lentils with sweet potatoes and spinach ($9). This curry dish was almost addicting. I thoroughly enjoyed every spice in this dish, scraping the cast iron bowl for seconds. My carnivorous friend craved the BLT sandwich, consisting of cured pork belly, smothered in mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato relish, served on pumpernickel bread and accompanied by seasoned potato chips ($11). I did not try the sandwich, but the chips were pretty good, and my friends seemed to really enjoy the dish overall. When the White Pizza (organic spinach, taleggio cheese, and grilled red onions, $13) arrived, I was very eager to keep trying more from the menu. The pizza had good flavor, but was a little over-cooked by a minute or two. The Margherita Pizza redeemed my faith in the pizza selection (fresh mozzerella, san marzano tomatoes, and basil, $12). This pizza was just the right hint of tomato and spice, which added a little kick moments after the first bite. My only critique comes as a puritan to brick oven pizza - Why not use chunks of fresh bufala mozzarella? It would take this dish from edible to incredible! Just as any raving performance must close with a memorable grand finale, ours was the House Made Linguini (rock shrimp, cockles, fine herbes, lemon & garlic, $26). This dish combines my adoration for handmade pastas, perfectly cooked and seasoned shrimp, plentiful mussels, all in a light, buttery lemon sauce. Wow. We saved the best for last! Although Good Luck is only one of the many notable restaurants in Rochester, it certainly has the ambition to prove it's a competitor among favorites like 2 Vine and Lento. I can't wait to go back to test more from the menu! Read more restaurant reviews like this one at: crumbsseamsinbetweens.wo…
Delicious.
Fun and lively atmosphere. Excellent service and extensive drink selection. It is pricy, but great for a nice night out. Over the summer my friends and I reserved the chef's table, and it was excellent. We all loved the food, and I highly recommend it for a special celebration.
I went with a large group so we were able to order a variety of dishes to share. Everything was amazing! I highly recommend the burger and board noodles!
Top notch cocktails! The bartenders know how to sling these pricey, yet delicious Prohibition era drinks. Ambiance is wonderful. Very hip. Great bar crowd - very interesting and diverse. This tends to be a hot spot for the Rochester international crowd. The food is divine! Lots of items prepared in house, great seafood, and lots of local ingredients utilized!  Easily my favorite spot in Rochester.
If you want a quite romantic dining experience or a family-friendly pizza place then go somewhere else. If, however, you are looking for a delicious food and cocktail menu with great service in an electric atmosphere then Good Luck finding the place but you'll be happy when you do. Sit against the wall for the best view of the restaurant. Josh was a great waiter.
Excellent food as always. Just make sure you ask some questions about quantity of a serving before you order. We have gotten a few items which were way over priced for the quantity, however every thing we have ordered has been excellent. They have some great cocktails too with a very knowledgeable staff. I highly recommend the meat and cheese plate, the burger done rare, and the chocolate cake for dessert.
Amazing night out.  I really love sharing dishes and eating them one by one with your companion.  We caught ourselves savoring and discussing our food.  It was really fun and EVERYTHING we ate was incredible.
Great food, great drinks, and an incredible space!
Get the oxtail and tripe! Probably one of the best oxtail/tripe dishes I've ever had! Loved the flavors and the texture of the meat/tripe. The salad and rib eye were both delish as well. I would skip the duck, nothing special there.
On a recent trip back to Rochester (my hometown!), my family and I went to celebrate my mom's birthday at Good Luck. It's located in a fairly trendy arts district, close to the art museum and village gate (which I totally used to frequent 10 years ago in high school!) Good Luck is located in an old warehouse that used to be home to Fabrics and Findings, an amazing hodgepodge of every type of fabric. Who remembers this? They did a great job rehabbing the space. I would say that the ambiance is one of the greatest aspects of the restaurant. Warm but dim lighting with homey seating arrangements make this larger space feel intimate. I loved the big chalk art on the wall in the back too. There's a partition that separates the bar area from the seating area too. However, one down side is that with the space, it can get quite loud in the restaurant - we found it hard to hear and have an ongoing conversation. As for the food...everything looked so good! We went all out for our party of 5 and ordered many dishes (probably too many). All of it was to share, which is the main concept of their restaurant. Note: menu changes regularly. Here are my ratings: 4 - cheese plate -- good selection of cheese and a fairly decent portion. I love local cheese so much... 4 - bibb lettuce. I was a little worried since I read a review saying there was too much dressing, but I found that everything was really well balanced 5 - mozzarella and heirloom tomato dish - the tomatoes are locally grown and they had so much flavor! definitely a favorite from the evening. 3 - squid ink pasta - I wanted so badly to like this because I love squid ink! The pasta was slightly undercooked + hard so we had a hard time finishing this dish. 4 - hudson valley duck breast - very tender, flavorful. For a dish to share, I found that the value was a little off ($24). I think each person really only got 1-2 pieces. It seems more apt that this dish would be a main for one person. 3 - good luck burger + fries. this is mostly on the fries (didn't try the burger) - fries were pretty salty and we had trouble making our way through it. everyone seemed to enjoy the burger though. the total poundage of the patty is 1 lb and it's split into 4 sections. so each section is a quarter pounder! 4 - smokehouse - favorites were the pickles, texas sausage and pork ribs. 5 - sangria. Sangria was a great addition to our meal! at first I was surprised because the glasses were a bit small, but it had very good strength and flavor. :) seemed more like a cocktail. As you can see...we went all out. The bill reflected it too! Thanks to a family friend who gave us a gift certificate and helped us cover a portion of the dinner. However, the main con is that I still wonder about the price point of each dish by itself given the portions. They seem barely shareable to me. BUT, the pro is that we had a great time, enjoyed the atmosphere, and left happy and full.
Still love this place. Salads are consistently good. The burger is fabulously juicy, flavorful, and honest (not loaded with extratraneous ingredients). Again, if you aren't trying the goat cheese mousse you ain't ordering properly! Try the corpse reviver!
Probably one of my favorite spots in Rochester to eat, drink and socialize. The atmosphere is open and usually packed to the brim with customers. It makes sense as the food is delicious and the drinks are pro. If you go to sit down and hang with a few friends make sure you get a reservation well in advance but I usually find a few open spots at the bar to nestle in. If you are adventurous (or a lush like myself) order a traditional absinthe as they are one of the only places I've seen who do this proper.
I think visits to Goodluck can vary - but I can see this place being consistently around 4 to 5 stars, depending what you order in terms of food and drink.  I came back here a few more times - one time for their burger and another time to try a couple more entrees. First off - I stick by my original assessment of the drinks - whether its beer or mixed drinks, you really can't go wrong.  Very broad selection and you should be able to find something that fits your taste. Now the burger.  Well, I would say its about 3 stars in my humble opinion.  I plan to head back to test out this rating once again, but I did not find it any better than other burger joints.  It was average in my view - again, perhaps it was the specific day I went they did not deliver.  If I were to go back, I want to check it out again. I wish the cheese was cooked on the burger itself as I prefer melted cheese as oppose to having it on the side.   However, on a more recent visit, the food really delivered.  My friend and I ordered the Squid Ink Cavatelli - this was awesome!  I've had squid ink dishes at other places and this is by far the best.  The pasta was cooked very well and the squid ink and flavoring was not overbearing.  We also had the Pan Fried Hake - close to a homerun.  The fish was prepared perfectly and came with tasty seasoning and "accessories". So, overall - still high marks for Good Luck.  The service has been very good, the crowd is fun and I would say its hard to go wrong (depending on the night and what you order, of course).
I finally got a chance to try one of Rochester most popular restaurants. I was actually looking forward to try their Porterhouse Steak (but that was not on the menu, since their menu changes all the time). The service is exceptional, fantastic place to go on a date, have group parties, and there's a huge bar. There's definitely some fun, and friendly atmosphere here! Which will make you wanna come back again and again. Unfortunately the restaurant can be pretty loud, and some tables are kinda small for share entrees (lucky they served it one plate at a time). So we started off with a Goat Cheese Gnocchi, then the awesome 28 oz Bone-in Ribeye Steak (some part was kinda difficult to chew), then we finished our dinner with the Good-Luck Chocolate Cake (forgot to ask for the ice-cream...) -Goat Cheese Gnocchi (yelp.com/user_local_phot…) -28 oz Bone-in Ribeye Steak (yelp.com/user_local_phot…) -Good-Luck Chocolate Cake (yelp.com/user_local_phot…). Next time I'll try their famous Good Luck Burger. Overall I think Good Luck is 5 stars restaurant in "Rochester".
I will admit, I really wasn't expecting to like Good Luck let alone Love it as much as I did. I felt like the whole plate sharing thing might be a little cliché, but really it was a great dining experience. 1st the sign on the outside of the building is super tiny, so you have to really pay attention to find the place. Once inside the ambiance is kind of hipster loft, but it fit the situation perfectly. The waitress was very friendly and helpful and suggested we try the heirloom tomato (which she grew herself) plate with herb whipped mascarpone and a vinaigrette and I'm glad she did because it was delicious! The tomatoes were visibly ripe and the tart citrus of the vinaigrette matched perfectly with the herby cheese. For 2 people it was a great starter, but we also decided to try the duck charcuterie. I'm not a big fan of duck because it always seems greasy to me regardless of how well it is prepared, this was no different. A little smoky which I liked, but still way too greasy to be enjoyable for me. Next we ordered the goat cheese gnocchi which was possibly one of the best dishes I have ever tasted. They were expertly prepared, light and fluffy and melted in my mouth like a perfect gnocchi should. We decided on the fried chicken with watermelon salad (the salad was nice and refreshing) next, which was probably my least favorite dish of the night. It just seemed very plain and not particularly interesting to me. Overall I enjoyed my dining experience and next time I plan to try one of their cocktails.
I have been to Good Luck twice and the first time I would've given them a 5 star rating, but the second time I would've given them 1 star....so I averaged that out and gave them 3 stars. The first time we ate here, we LOVED our meals. I had fish and my husband had a burger. The drinks were good, though not that strong and expensive, so when our friends invited us to a birthday dinner here, we were excited! How disappointed everyone was.....all of our meals came at different time, some of them cold. The food was disgusting! I ordered a specialty pizza which was so bad, it was inedible and this is coming from someone who always brings my leftovers home. My husband ordered a salad as his main meal and the portion was tiny. No one seemed to like their meal and the waitress was awful.By the time it was time for cake, no one was interested...an overall very disappointing experience.
I went to Good Luck for the first time last night and was totally unaware of the sharing concept, but thought it was awesome. I started off at the bar with the Jack Rose drink which was delicious (slurped that right down) and then ordered the Good Luck Burger which was shared between three people. The burger was cooked to perfection, served with coleslaw and fries galore, you must try their special sauce for the burgers and fries! The atmosphere was so fun and the bar was huge! I loved the decor and the dim lighting as well. Definitely a fun place for a group, I am definitely coming back here with my girlfriends!
I'm going to change my name to Marissa "where the sam he!! are the spoons" N. I love the decor in this space, it is awesome. It was a tad uncomfortable on the summer evening that we went, very stuffy although the windows were cracked, doors open and fans on, I wanted to disrobe. Alas nude eating is suited for home only. The table and mismatched chairs were difficult to fit your legs under, barely any room, lucky for me there were plenty of seats to chose from. Our waitress was awesome, I felt like a schlep making a reservation for 10 and having half that show up intermittently. She was gracious and attentive regardless. We ordered The special pork loin with grilled peach and brie. It was very smokey in flavor. But kind of a chemical smokey. The peaches were cooked well, the brie was soft but hadn't been attended to, just a chunk laid on top, I think a meltyness would have been nice. The grilled greens were chewy and pretty inedible. Lentils, great flavor, one spoon to serve, none to eat with wahhh wahhh wahhh. I asked for one and was given what I would describe as an indecent size for a lady to wrap her mouth around in public. Ox tail with tripe, I'm not a fan of tripe but I have to say it was cooked well. A hearty plate better suited for fall or winter in my opinion but I didn't order it. Grilled butcher steak sandwich, I'm having a bad beef run. Except at another restaurant lately. This steak was cut rather thickly, cooked medium rare (all good), but grizzley and chewy. The bread and aioli out shined the meat. Good Luck burger one medium rare, one medium well, you could see the difference. I have to give it to them for a well cooked burger, great char on the outside. Fancy sauce, cheddar and pickle were all great flavor and quality. The pickle was a small portion for the size of the burger on a shared plate. Perhaps the best dish of the night. The pile of fries were crisp and well flavored too. Ketchup available in request. We also ordered the fried chicken. The chicken was also very good, moist inside, crisp flavorful coating, not too thick, not a layer of sog under the crispy bits. The squash side was spicy, from maybe black pepper and an unidentified other flavor I didn't love but I also couldn't leave it alone for some reason. Watermelon was ok, heavy on the red onion.
One of the few restaurants that has really thought about how they present themselves. Good Luck offers a true to life fine dining experience. The cocktails are exquisitely tailored, and there is something for everyone's taste. The food itself is a rotating menu of deliciousness, and again, there is something for everyone. The Good Luck Burger is a must have, and this from someone who normally stays away from red meat. The place has a lovely feel to it, and every night out at Good Luck is a worthy experience!
I FINALLY had the chance to eat here last night and it certainly lived up to its hype! Love the decor and ambience (although I wish it was a little less dark)! My group was really excited to try everything, so we ordered the burger, duck breast, and the special of the day (rabbit). The burger was a perfect medium rare and hands down the best burger I've tried so far in Rochester. The fries were so-so and a bit soggy, but then again, I'm not a fan of fries in general. Their version of ketchup was so good though! The duck breast with the poached egg and ginger broth was probably my favorite! The rabbit was also really good and not dry at all. For dessert, we tried the sorbet special (something w/cinnamon?), the waffle sundae, and the citrus ricotta cake. The citrus ricotta cake was my favorite - not too sweet and just the right amount of tart. The sorbet left something to be desired...it just wasn't good at all. I also had their pisco sour, which was pretty awesome! Great place to go with a group of friends (we were a group of 6) and just enjoy amazing food, drinks, and company!
Hadn't heard of this lovely find until my wife booked a table for my birthday. Let me tell you, this was the most attentive and finest service I have experienced in roc in 10 years. I wish i had her name, but she absolutely had it down! We ordered lentils (A), the green salad (delish), Oxtail with tripe (B+) as tripe was a tad salty, and there are so many good Italian places in town, Burger (A), Monkfish (B+) too salty, Duck (A), Gnocchi (A), Smokehouse sampler (A), and Squid ink pasta (A). Not a place for kids, though we were accommodated with kid pasta, and it is noisy. Drinks were especially good, and I will go back again and again. So glad I was introduced to this gem
The food here is definitely a little different, but the quality is just outstanding!! The concept of family style is so rare, but makes for a fun, social experience!! If going, definitely try the burger! And, if they gave the pulled pork on sourdough special, try it!!
Big fan of Goodluck for drinks. Not so much of a fan of the tappas style food but it is well made.  The French fries rule and the burger and pizza are well made. The crowd is a late 20s 30s 40s professional crowd. People can be a bit pretentious. The atmosphere is nice but you have little privacy as tables are right next to each other. Wait staff is good. No outdoor seating though.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and the meal was amazing. We didn't even want to speak our food was so good. We started with a really fresh salad, then split a pizza which tasted like it was right from Italy. The food was so good we kept going! We then ordered a burger to split and it was one of the best burgers I have possibly ever had. Can't wait to go back here!
I give this place a 4.5! The Good Luck Burger is amazing! Pared with their French fries and the amazing specialty ketchup you can not get any better than this! The appetizers are ok,nothing that has ever jumped out to me to order again. The Bread pudding (which I usually don't like) is phenomenal! All the meals are definitely meant to be shared. The drinks are really unique so if you want a "mixologist" type of cocktail this place is perfect!
Went here for dinner with my husband. We got the sharable burger which was cooked as we requested, had a great cheese and toasted roll. I wasn't impressed by the lettuce/tomato/may mixture to place on top - would've rather had fresh lettuce/tom/onion to place on top as neither of us like mayo. The wait staff seems pretentious and really for no reason - I mean this isn't NYC or Vegas. We did see someone get the fried chicken dinner which looked good so we will probably go back to get that but are hoping for better service the next time around.
While the number 314 may not have much meaning to most Yelpers, it is a number that is very near and dear to my heart. I was born on Pi Day, and I'm pretty sure it's the reason I am a nerd to this very day. Because the number holds so much meaning in my heart, it is fitting that my 314th review is for my favorite restaurant in Rochester. I have been here more times than I can count, but somehow I've never written a review. It's a bit funny how that works out, huh? Anways, if you are still reading to this point I commend you for managing to wade through my nonsensical ramblings. Good Luck is many things: a great first date restaurant, a great place to have after work drinks, a perfect place to meet some interesting people on a weekend, and THE place to get an imaginative and delicious meal. Good Luck is basically the perfect restaurant. It has an ambiance about it that is unmatched in Rochester. The lighting is almost always perfect, and the interior and decor make it seem like this place has been around for hundreds of years. Despite the look being a bit on the old school side, the food is definitely anything but old school. The menu is constantly changing, and the specials are always innovative and a must try. Usually when your server reads the specials you just nod your head and act interested, but at Good Luck you are actually eager to hear what you will be eating that night. If you can't settle on a special, you can always fall back on the house specialties. My go to's are the burger(it's ENORMOUS) and the fried chicken. Everything is served family style at Good Luck, so prepare to share. After sharing, prepare to bring home lots of leftovers that you will fight over with your loved ones the next day. If you can't already tell, Good Luck has a special place in my heart, and it's for a good reason. I'm glad this was my 314th review on Yelp, and I'm glad I got to share a few words about one of my favorite restaurants.
Went to Good Luck for a 30th birthday party. We got the large back room, which was nice but a little warm. We were given lukewarm water to drink, which sucked, but those were the only issues we experienced here. The food was, in a word, perfection. We tried the white pizza (my new favorite! The lamb was beautifully cooked), the red pizza (had a nice spiciness to it), the steak sandwich (steak like butter), fries (copious), my friends had the burger which they raved about, the prosciutto wrapped asparagus (amazeballs), and for dessert the bruleed waffle with ice cream (ridiculously good). I drank a ginger tonic which was spicy and refreshing. Husband had a lemonade and iced tea mix which he said was perfectly balanced. No one had any complaints. Our waitress was quick, attentive but not overbearing, and all around wonderful. I had a great experience and I will go back.
I always have a wonderful meal at Good Luck.  The food is served family style so hit up this place with a few others as a friends group and you will try a little of everything.  Thursday is no corking fee night so bring the wine you love for a great price.  Always make a reservation!
Good Luck is without a doubt the best restaurant in Rochester. The menu changes every few months, but the pasta is always a great choice. The fabled one-pound burger is a constant winner as well. My wife and I had the dinner for our small wedding at Good Luck, and it was one of the best meals we've ever had!
It's a great place to enjoy with your friends, watch sports, drink some beer and eat some wings. 2nd floor is exciting since people are always playing beer pong. Definitely not a place to dance so don't come here if you're in the "dancing mood"!
I probably have a different relationship with Good Luck than most as I consider it my version of "Cheers" & I am definitely a regular. I always post up at the bar & within seconds have a drink in front of me. Even if this wasn't the case GL is my favorite place to hang in ROC. The drinks, the atmosphere, & of course the food. My BF swears it's the best burger he's ever had (I don't eat burgers). I'm addicted to the fries & fancy sauce (ketchup mayo & brandy). just go, have a blast & don't complain about the noise.
Going back 'home' to Rochester has always meant one thing for me culinarily: Garbage Plates. Be it dog town, p-hots, or (admittedly fancier) Gatehouse, garbage plate has always been the crown jewel of my trips back to Rochester as far as I can remember. I'm happy to announce, however, that the king has been overthrown. Tucked right outside of the funky little place called the Village Gate, Good Luck is a neat little gem in otherwise garbage plate dominated Rochester food scene. It was a Saturday night and I went to Good Luck with 4 friends. The place was, deservingly so, popping - we couldn't get a reservation until 9:30PM. We ended up showing up a bit earlier and nested ourselves at a corner of the positively crowded bar. We ordered a couple of negronis, an old fashioned and a whiskey ginger. I do regret not ordering one of their special cocktails as none of our drinks were eye-poppingly great. My old fashioned especially was underwhelming. For the rest of the night, I ended up sticking to scotch. Once we were seated, however, my lukewarm enthusiasm with their drinks was immediately reignited. And it was all thanks to what we went to Good Luck for: food. Many of their items are served 'tapas' style, so we ended up sharing several of their main dishes.        -Greens:  Very fresh, playful and not boring        -Pizza: We tried both white and margherita. I personally didn't get to try white, but margherita was very good. Thin crust, tangy sauce and fresh ingredients. My only complaints here was that the serving size was a little too small. Probably more fitting for a couple to share, rather than a group of friends.        -Grilled Butcher Steak Sandwich: My personal favorite of the night. Roughly cut french baguette complimented the juicy and tender steak in the middle. Nothing much else was in the sandwich and this simplicity truly made the dish a rustic beauty. Throughout the night, I was also pleasantly surprised with their service. Too often these days, trendy/dark atmosphere has somehow became synonymous with young, bitchy, inattentive waiting staff. Such was not the case at Good Luck. From the moment we stepped into the restaurant until we signed our bills, we were welcomed by the hostess and I felt like we were properly taken care of. Especially considering (I thought) we were a bit underdressed, it was nice to see such hospitality. Good Luck may not be the most inexpensive place but it is very much worth the $. Are you hungry? Are you sick of garbage plates? Are you tired of being treated like you should be grateful that you got a table at a fancy restaurant? Are you in for a fun night out? All of the above? None of the above? Try Good Luck! Def one of Rochester's finest! TL;DR -Ambiance: Industrial, Open, Dark, Trendy yet not pretentious -Drinks: Passable -Service: Great -Food: Tapas style - Great -Recommendation: GO!
Roasted Beets:  classic dish, prepared well, very good Red Lentils:  very strong flavor, intense, hearty, spicy, excellent Margherita Pizza:  small but very good, a little spice, thin crust, very tasty Service:  A++ Ambiance:  dark and trendy, very open, not intimate, good for groups, fancy and lively bar scene, seemed to have a lot of people on group business dinners or after-work types
I have been blown away every time I've eaten at Good Luck. The atmosphere is beautiful. The service is excellent. The food is to die for. Please put the truffle/egg pasta back on the menu. :)
My good friend from NYC was visiting for a weekend and I really wanted to take him to a popular place to show off Rochester's restaurant scene since he had exposed me to so many awesome places in the city. After some thorough Yelp research, I decided on Good Luck. This place has a strong hype for their cocktails, but I was kind of bored with them. They were weak and their descriptions sounded way better than what they actually tasted like. The food however, was great! We shared the bibb lettuce ($10), white pizza ($15), and of course the Good Luck burger ($20). The bibb lettuce was a great way to start since the rest of our meal was compiled of pizza and a burger and fries (treat yo' self?). The salad was a tad overdressed, which made the lettuce a little soggy. No complaints on the white pizza! I loved that it had brussel sprouts on it. The burger was delicious as always. Last time I was here I made the mistake of ordering it well done, so this time we got it with a little pink. The fries were pretty good but it seemed like half of them were the small pieces you would get at the bottom of a fast food container. If you don't like loud places, then this place is not for you! We came on a Friday night so we had a little wait with our reservation, but we got a table with plenty of space around us. I would say that the crowd here is a mix of young professional types and middle ager's going through a midlife crisis. Overall, I was very pleased with my experience and my NYC friend liked everything! Their dessert menu is calling me next time....
I wouldn't dare tell Roc City Yelpers anything about Good Luck. All have been there, done that. Tonight was my first opportunity to visit Good Luck. Where has this sweetheart been? We shared six entrees. Every. Single. One was awesome and service was stellar. Yep, I'm in love.
This restaurant isn't only good for Rochester, it's one of the best places I've eaten in the last year.  They have a killer whiskey and bourbon selection, and their ice cubes are like little solid blocks that chill the drink but don't dilute it.  The food is simply awesome.  Their burger is ground in house and should really be enjoyed medium rare.  We also had their 24 hour pork which are slow braised melt in your mouth slices of pork belly served in a light broth with pickled cabbage and beautifully poached egg.  This dish was absolutely genius and paired well with the Hirsch bourbon from their well chosen list.   It's funny, I love when I come back to a review weeks later after I've had some perspective, and have actually began to think about the great time I had here.  I wrote the first paragraph 3 weeks ago, and I have to say I still feel the same way.  Sometimes the setting is just perfect.  From drinks at the overflowing bar, to the 10:15 reservation the next night because I liked it so much the night before.  There may be better or "as good" restaurants in this little town, but I don't think I'll ever eat there.  When I fly in to Rochester next time, I'll have 2 nights, and both of them will be dedicated to this wonderful restaurant.  Our server Steven was exceptional both nights, and I really can't wait to return.  This was one of the best meals of my life.
Best restaurant in Rochester. Seasonal and creative menu with a gorgeous interior. It gets loud and crazy but expect that, the food and wine list are incredible. If I have one complaint it is that the cocktails always have too many ingredients. With so much local produce and fun booze to work with, I understand how things can get crazy, but some more streamlined options would be welcome.
Good Luck is still my favorite place in Rochester. With a great selection of cocktails, a fantastic changing menu, and a food sharing philosophy, it's right up my alley. I've been there a few times,so I figured it was time to review Pros The cocktails Their changing menu, with a special shout out to their steak (get their steak!) The service The decor Their homemade ice cream. Cons It's loud, and bit too dark Some of their menu items are not as successful. I'm looking at you fried chicken! it can be very busy, so make reservations! Still with that said, when you have a group of friends and you want to celebrate, go to Good Luck!
Porterhouse steak, Kobe beef burger.. Champagne on the house.  Happy party of 10 on a romantic valentine's night.  Service was gentle, not overbearing.  Ambiance was perfect.   We also had the rabbit gnocchi, duck, and some other dishes.  So far, no disappointment.  Will return again, with my actual valentine! Dock a star off the desert menu.  Chocolate cake was generic.  It'd be cool if there was something memorable about a Good Luck chocolate cake!
I went here for happy hour with a group of people. We hung around at the bar and got some drinks and shared some food. The duck is AMAZING. The wine was good. The specials were great. Loved it. There was an incident with our food -- we found a bolt in our fries -- but they took care of it quickly and comped us for almost all of our food.
Decided to come here for my birthday dinner. Had to wait 15 min before being seated on a reservation which isn't bad considering how crowded it was. I will say they are great at flipping tables fast. Our server was genuinely nice and knowledgeable. Had to try the burger of course. We also tried the fried chicken with sauteed kale and creamy grits. For dessert had the citrus ricotta cake with blood orange drizzle and pistachio crumble. Burger platter- the burger was juicey and seasoned well. So were the fries. Really enjoyed the coleslaw. I found everything to be a bit on the salty side. To be fair I don't eat a lot of salt so a lot of times restaurant food taste salty to me. Fried Chicken- First let me say the grits were amazing!! Kale was good. Tad salty.  I liked the drizzle on chicken but I  found the chicken to be a little pink as you got closer to the bone and was a little greasy. Citrus orange cake- Very light and airy. Not too sweet. Was a perfect dessert to end on. I'd check them out again for sure.
Been here a few times, each time was a little different but mostly good. I understand why the bar is so popular: they have a great selection of cocktails and the bartenders I've come across know how to mix a drink! The presentation of food and drink is also excellent. The food is impeccable, very prepared and I LOVE their burger. The lentil soup thing is so-so, although I have pretty high standards when it comes to lentils. Ambiance is good, they have interesting murals and the dark furniture and muted lighting is very pleasing. It's hideously busy though. I know that shows how popular this place is but there is a point at which the crowds at the bars and the noise in the dining areas just goes beyond the pale and starts to ruin the experience of dining there. It's also ridiculous trying to reserve a table here unless you're planning dinner a week in advance which would only work for me if this place was a velvet-rope type of institution, which it's not. In my opinion, dinner here is good for fancy evenings out or special occasions and business stuff. People come to the bar to see and be seen, so remember to wear your spangly clothing and super-high heels. Also be prepared to elbow your way through hordes of people to get near the bar long enough to order.
Hip, artsy, and delicious are what Good Luck is all about. This renovated loft space has exposed brick, antique wood, blackboard art, taxidermy, tea lights, and plastic flowers in water-filled vases. Love their jars of tap water and tiny tumblers. It is spacious enough to relax and feel some privacy, which is unusual at trendy restaurants. The bar scene looked to be hopping too. We made a meal for three out of shared plates that included: * octopus in its own ink (delectable) with flavorful veggies * white pizza with mortadella and brussels sprouts (tasty) * chick-pea gnocchi with rabbit (quite good) * braised lamb shank with yellow lentils (most succulent of all) For wines, I like to go Spanish, and they had a fine Albariño (white) and a Rioja (red). Desserts were a bit less thrilling; my daughter found the chocolate cake too overpowering (I too found the dark cocoa-powder taste too much) and a caramel tart with pear slices was sweet but served with caramel popcorn that was too chewy. The hearty French press coffee, however, made us recover our glow before leaving. The servers are friendly and attentive. No visit is complete without a trip to the washroom--also candlelit with the cutest tiles and fixtures. I don't usually go ape over restaurant bathrooms but this one was the pièce de résistance and the crème de la crème. Made me want to see the Gents' room, but I restrained myself.
I bet you can't find a place in Rochester with a better ambiance and vibe than this. Ok maybe the acoustics aren't perfect But the look and feel to this place takes You to another era. The food is great to bar service is fast and the scene is perfect for a date or even a relaxed night out with friends. Not much compares to this place.
I tried the burger and tears came to my twinkly eyes. It is a gem. The duck breast is very good, however it is on the sweet side. The sweet potato cannelloni is an interesting dish, but I wish it had more of a kick to it. Good Luck does beef so well...the burger and the steak are fabuloso. The bartenders were prompt, talented and know their stuff. I wasn't impressed with the demeanor of our waitress last week, but the food and bartending service merits a 4.5. It is very cozy and rustic, with romantic lighting. Wonderful spot for a group of friends, a snack and a cocktail or a beautiful sit down dinner.   I can't wait to go back to get another burger!
This restaurant is a foodie's dream come true!  Luckily, we were able to get a reservation for our only night in town.  Every dish is served family style, so be sure to go with people who like the same kinds of foods as you.  We started with the mixed greens salad.  It's hard to find healthy vegetables when you're traveling, so the dark greens were exactly what I needed.  The dressing, a perfect blend of acidity and tangy citrus combined with the right amount of oil, added a bright freshness.  Next came the ricotta gnocchi.  What!?!?!?  The gnocchi was so light, due to the ricotta, and the shredded veal (I don't usually order veal, but I went out on a limb) was crazy moist and tender.  I don't even know what the sauce was--probably veal drippings mixed with crack.  The whole dish sent my taste buds into a frenzy of awesomeness.  Our last dish was the lamb special.  OMG!  Again, I have no idea how they can make food taste so good.  The curry spice combination was probably the chef's own design, very unique with Indian flair. Our server was very friendly, and the courses arrived at the right pace.  We also enjoyed analyzing the repurposed, upcycled decor. My only complaint--diners only get one plate to eat several items on during their meal.  I don't like to unnecessarily wash dishes, but the flavors in each course are so different and expertly invented and executed that residue from everything you eat should not get mixed up on your singular plate. Otherwise, you will have good luck with Good Luck.
This restaurant is a foodie's dream come true!  Luckily, we were able to get a reservation for our only night in town.  Every dish is served family style, so be sure to go with people who like the same kinds of foods as you.  We started with the mixed greens salad.  It's hard to find healthy vegetables when you're traveling, so the dark greens were exactly what I needed.  The dressing, a perfect blend of acidity and tangy citrus combined with the right amount of oil, added a bright freshness.  Next came the ricotta gnocchi.  What!?!?!?  The gnocchi was so light, due to the ricotta, and the shredded veal (I don't usually order veal, but I went out on a limb) was crazy moist and tender.  I don't even know what the sauce was--probably veal drippings mixed with crack.  The whole dish sent my taste buds into a frenzy of awesomeness.  Our last dish was the lamb special.  OMG!  Again, I have no idea how they can make food taste so good.  The curry spice combination was probably the chef's own design, very unique with Indian flair. Our server was very friendly, and the courses arrived at the right pace.  We also enjoyed analyzing the repurposed, upcycled decor. My only complaint--diners only get one plate to eat several items on during their meal.  I don't like to unnecessarily wash dishes, but the flavors in each course are so different and expertly invented and executed that residue from everything you eat should not get mixed up on your singular plate. Otherwise, you will have good luck with Good Luck.
This place is fantastic. Every meal I've had here has been spot on and prepared with great attention to detail. Noteworthy/favorite dishes include the porterhouse, gnocchi (with rabbit most recently, yum!) and the Good Luck burger. Cocktails are mildly pricey but made with commensurate care and certainly worth the expense. Dessert can be hit or miss. Not bad, but not their strong suit. Service is prompt and informed but not overbearing. Owners are present most times, and their scene is legit. 5 stars, without a doubt.
Great drinks, great food, and even better atmosphere.  I'll be back if I get back to the Ra-cha-cha.
We have been to Good Luck several times and have never been disappointed! The bar is lively and friendly. The service is professional and helpful. The food and drinks are unique and tasty. The noise level is loud, but it fits the overall atmosphere. Can't wait to go back!
Fabulous! Braised lamb and the white pizza were phenomenal. Definitely a find and worth a second trip next time I'm back in Rochester.
The creme de le creme of rochester.  Great ambiance especially during BYOA nights.  Food is meant to be shared.  Great spot for groups or a date.
Good Luck is my favorite spot for a girls night out or a romantic drink with my man.  Their cocktail and wine lists seem never-ending and I am always happy with what I order, but my favorite is definitely the Inamartina.  They range in price from around $8-11, which is kind of pricy in comparison to other bars in the area, but worth it on special nights.  The bar is spacious, but always filled with smiling customers and the ambiance is definitely unique to our area.   As far as the food goes, there are some really delicious things on the menu and I am definitely enthusiastic about their lentils.  Like.  Extremely enthusiastic.  That being said, lentils are one of very few vegetarian options available.  If you're also gluten free, you're really going to struggle.  I think they can definitely do a better job feeding us herbivores than salad, pizza, and pasta - and pretty basic ones at that.  White and margarita pizza?  Come on, Good Luck!  Get creative with your veggies!
Went to Goodluck Thursday night in a group of 10 girls. I highlyyy recommend going here  with a group, especially on Thursdays as there is no corkage fee and the food is family style. We ordered lentils, white pizza, the burger and chickpea gnocchi (for 5 people) Everything was great, I didn't care for the lentils because they were flavored with curry, but they were good. The only thing I didn't like was that the food comes out as it's ready, it's not like a traditional restaurant in the terms of all of the dinner items being out together.  Other people I was dining with actually liked that way better, but I prefer everything at once. The crowd and the atmosphere is great. The fact that we brought our own alcohol means our food bill was so low!! I paid less then $20 including tip for my dinner. So much fun, highly recommend.
Wonderful service and food. Was a little loud for our group, but as the night went on it got quieter. Very good for gluten free and food allergies in general - the general manager made a point of making herself available for any and all questions as I set up the reservation, even going so far as to give me her cell phone number! Go here, now.
Good Luck is stepping up their game after debuting their 2014 Happy Hour menu. The New Deal Happy Hour is from 5-7pm, though doors open at 4:30pm. Featured bar snacks are caramel corn & bacon, fried buffalo mozzarella, and chickpea fritters with kale pesto. They also offer the Dealer's Choice, the featured cocktail of the week, chilled Amari choices, wine by the glass, draft beer and Genny. The three bar snacks were all good, though my favorite was the chickpea fritters. I would rate the caramel corn & bacon as a bad buy because you can make more at home for less. This is a great way to explore Amaros too. The bartenders were great at promoting the new program. It's well worth checking out.
I came here with my boyfriend and 2 friends (another couple), on one of my boyfriend's last days in Rochester. We were eager to try out Good Luck, because of the high ratings, before we left Rochester. My boyfriend was able to make reservations for 9:30. However, when we arrived, the hostess told us that it would take another 10-15 minutes for our table, despite the reservation. The restaurant did seem quite crowded, and loud as many reviews mentioned. Once we were finally seated, we decided to order the burger, the steak, and the red lentils to share among us 4. I also had the Corpse Reviver, which was good. The red lentils came out, and was super delicious. The dish disappeared within minutes of arriving at the table, it was that good. When the burger came out (quartered, with a pile of fries, some cheese and a slaw on the side), we were afraid it was not enough food. However, the 1/4 of the burger was the perfect size, along with the fries and the accouterments. The ketchup mayo sauce was also really good. We all agreed that the burger was the best dish of the night. The steak was a bit of a disappointment after such a good burger. It was a good steak, but quite pricey ($50), and for me, a little bit salty. One star was taken off because the knives that were provided were not suitable for cutting the steak. Overall, this restaurant does belong among the best of Rochester. However, be prepared for a wait, and for it to be super loud and noisy. It sounded like our waitress was yelling at us when she told us the specials, and we still couldn't understand a thing she was saying. The vibe here is a bit Brooklyn/hipstery, and when we went, it was super cold inside the restaurant. I would come back just for the burger, and the red lentil dish.
Wow, some of the best cocktails I've had in Rochester.  A unique mix of very taste concoctions - watch out!  It's easy to drink too many. The food is also quite good, but the menu is very small. There are few options for vegetarians and particularly for gluten-free diners. Overall the focus of the menu/restaurant on 'sharing' plates (family style) seems like it might just be a way for the kitchen to get around having to make sure everything is ready at the same time.  The prices and portion sizes are in line what you would get at any upper-scale restaurant.  The only portion which is supersized is the burger, which at 1 pound is definitely to share.   Make sure you make a reservation if you want to go on the weekend. Also, if you go with a big group make sure you only want to talk to the people right next to you - it can get very loud!
Offering good dining option in Rochester. Been here 3 times while visiting - in short the portions and quality of the food are not as consistent as it could be, but it still offers some good eats - the signature of this restaurant is really the mixed drinks and bar area, draws a major crowd on the weekends. The downside is the level of noise in this renovated warehouse space- its hard to hear the person next to you even with the place half full.
So what's an overpriced bar/restaurant doing in Rochester, recently coined the fifth-poorest city in the country? I'll tell you: it's gentrifying an already whitewashed neighborhood, making sure the young urban professionals have a safe place to hang out and drop a lot of dough. The food is great, the cocktails are nice and the young eye-rolling hostesses act as though they don't need the customers. It's a piece of New York city, essentially, without the high-cost of real estate. I've been here twice and have ordered too much food and have felt guilty about it every time. I want to enjoy this place, but it's too flashy; like wearing a fur coat to volunteer at a homeless shelter.
Ok so let's be really honest- Good Luck is overpriced. Don't get me wrong, the food is good and the drinks are fine, but this place is a New York City-style bar dropped in Rochester, NY. So just make sure you're ready for that when you go in! I mean, the burger will run you $20... However, the quality of everything I've ever ordered has been great. A friend and I once shared a meat board and a cheese board. They were smaller than we had hoped and again, expensive for the amount/market area, but we did enjoy it nonetheless. What you really pay for at Good Luck, more than anything, is the experience. It's a trendy, dimly lit place tucked away on a side street in a spacious converted mill(?) building. Set up as a dining room on one half and a large wraparound bar on the other side, this is a go-to gathering place of the young professional crowd in Rochester. It offers a nice alternative to the more college-y, dive bar-type establishments of East Ave. I have always had a nice time here - it is refined but fun and easygoing... and a welcome break from the rowdy, popped collar shirt-wearing, beer can-crushing, perpetually fake-tanned crowd of most of the bars in Rochester! That is, without swinging the complete opposite way to hipsterdom as seems to be the other extreme in the City. This is just an honest-to-goodness, nice, classy place.
Dear Bessie, I'm writing to let you know that your death was not in vain.  You were treated with honor and care by the kitchen staff who prepared and served you as the most delicious burger to be found in Rochester.  You were cooked perfectly - a juicy, loosely packed, and perfectly seasoned pound of heavenly meat sandwiched between two toasted buns.  You were enormous, but my friends and I devoured you and the fresh fries served alongside.  The unexpected ketchup/mayo/brandy concoction bore you into our bellies with style. Bottom line: you were appreciated, the undisputed star of our meal. The other suitors that tried to stand up to your glory were tasty as well.  Rabbit ragout over beet cavatelli, fried bologna with Gruyere and pear mustard on marbled rye, pan-seared chicken on a brick, dill and lemon trout.  All were good, solid dishes that didn't disappoint.  But these were backup dancers that just made you look all the better. Drinks were innovative mixes that tickled the taste buds. It was too easy to empty our wallets as we dove deeper into the drink list. The meal, just like every Good Luck meal before it, was a phenomenal experience.  We will be back for more and I hope you have friends. Sincerely, Evan (My husband agreed to guest write this wonderful, funny and accurate Good Luck review. When I heard his concept for the review, I knew it was a must-publish.)
We came around 5:50pm on a Thursday evening. We were told the wait would be about 1 hour &40 minutes despite the almost completely open tables. Nonetheless, we decided to just wait at the bar because we had been wanting to try the food. At the bar, we ordered some drinks and a cheese plate. The bartenders were incredibly helpful and even let me try a few wines before I settled on a Pinot. I tried my friend's Paper Tiger which was clean and refreshing. The cheese plate came with some kind of brie, carmelized onions, a handful of nuts, and something else. It was good but also nothing special. It was a little pricey for only 1 kind of cheese on the plate. We were seated a little over an hour into our wait which was a wonderful surprise. On a side note, there were multiple tables that were probably reserved but not until 7:30 or later. (We probably could have been in and out by then if they gave us that option). The sit-down portion of the room was cute and hipster-like. There were brick walls, high ceilings, mismatched chairs, and simple but elegant table set-ups. Once the sun sets, you could barely see the person sitting across from you because the retro light bulbs barely help the situation. Good thing it didn't affect my ability to eat good food. We ordered fairly quickly and were pleasantly surprised with what we got. 1. Sangria ($19) - we were a little sad that we didn't see this at the bar, but we ordered it anyway. It's a white sangria that is light, refreshing, and floral-y! Definitely a good choice. 2. Pineapple salad ($13) - The fried goat cheese went well with the pineapple and the vinaigarette topped it off nicely. 3. White pizza ($15) - I loved how colorful the pizza was. The pizza dough itself was soft yet crispy and I liked that it had a hint of saltiness to it. 4. Fish special (?) - I think this was one of the specials of the evening. Unfortunately, it was not up to par with the other dishes. The fish was lightly fried and covered with a savory sauce and mushrooms. Overall the dish was too salty. I do wish there were more mushrooms on this dish. 5. Good Luck Burger ($20) - Our medium burger came out perfectly. Each fourth of the burger was humongous and on top of that, the plate was covered with fries. The burger was perfectly salted and seared on the outside, and juicy on the inside. And there was no way that we could finish the fries. 6. Banana Bread Pudding ($7) - For banana bread pudding, I think this was a pretty good deal considering how large it was. I was a little overwhelmed with how banana-y it tasted. However, this might be because I thought it was regular bread pudding and did not expect the banana. Nonetheless it was good but probably a little too sweet for me. Customer service was fantastic. We were checked on often and had dishes cleared when necessary (especially since we had a small table for how much food we ordered). Water glasses were constantly filled which is all that I ask for. Tips when coming: -Make a reservation -Come with a large group so that you can try more -Bring $$$ If Good Luck decided to serve brunch, I would be all over that! Especially since Rochester seems to lack some classier/New American brunch restaurants.
Stopped in with my girlfriend for a drink after dinner, we wanted somewhere cute that we could talk without fear of a twenty something puking on us. The cocktails were small but inventive, though a little pricey for my social worker koolaid budget! Love the trendy, New York city atmosphere!
Came here a couple weeks ago for Patricia C's graduation dinner. We were a little bit late for 5 p.m. reservations but they accommodated us anyway. Food was excellent, service was attentive, pricing was reasonable for a party of 6. My two favorite dishes of the night were the white pizza and the dinner special of beef stew ragout with handmade pasta. Too bad they were out of our top two choices of bread pudding and almond tart that night, otherwise we would have stayed for dessert. My only complaint is that it was really cold with the AC vents behind our calves.
Not sure if I'm becoming finicky in my old age but...was sorely disappointed in my experience tonight. The positive first - the Good Luck burger was as lovely as ever.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned and accompanied with a mound of fries as usual. The negatives (and unfortunately, far more of these) start with the poor service.  The place was not "busy" as I've seen it before and the waitress was slow and inattentive.  She forgot the second round of drinks and even on water refill, but quick to bring the check. The first course was the taco special.  For a "shared plates" restaurant, I would have expected them to have prepared portions for four people.  Instead, we received three tacos, of which were impossible to cut as the tortillas were difficult to cleanly cut. The second was the sweet potato cannelloni.  Again, served for three people and difficult to split.  Otherwise, fine bite. My last two dining nights here have ended thus.  Not sure if they've become lackadaisical as they've been around awhile and have gotten a bit complacent, but I can't 100% recommend this place as my go-to as I used to in the past. I guess all good relationships eventually come to an end but I still hold out hope that this can be salvaged.  Is there gastro therapy?
I like this style of restaurant. It is fun when going with a larger group and you get to try many different things.  The food is always amazing here.  I've eaten here several times and have always been impressed.
I agree with some of the other reviews.  Go to Good Luck with a friend, order a burger, order some cocktails and gorge yourself on one of the best burgers you're bound to ever taste.  I'm not usually one to keep ordering the same thing over and over, but the burger is just too good to resist.  I've been a few times now and haven't strayed from the burger and it's yet to let me down. The cocktails are good, albeit pricey.  To save a few bucks, you can order a beer from their tap, they usually have a few good local beers at reasonable prices.
I ate a bit of everything. Seriously. I was stealing food from neighboring tables. Friggin glorious #ROC
Bobby Flay?  Tyler Florence?  Please meet Executive Chef Dan Martello.  He's your new competition. I'm a more than competent amateur chef.  There's not much that I can't create in my own kitchen.  I enjoy it.  I take pride in it.  It's a physical form of love and caring for those that eat what I cook. In a strange way good cooking is a form of art.  It lasts for moments but the memory remains far longer.  Think of it as viewing the Mona Lisa for only once in your life.  You see it for a few minutes but you remember the totality of the experience.  The cooking created by Chef Martello is along these lines.  I'm nowhere close to achieving the technique that Chef Martello has without formal training or study. You will be exposed to a deliberate clash of cultures at Good Luck.  The decor is urban Americana combined with family-style Italian service.  In contrast the cooking is heavily European with an American flair.  It is an obvious contradiction.  This is by design and somehow Good Luck has pulled it off.  Don't think about the interior design, the layout, or the staff uniform.  Focus.  Focus solely on the cooking.  In this case there is nothing else that matters.  It truly is that good. By serving the dishes family-style Good Luck has achieved success in a number of areas; 1) The kitchen can turn out larger dishes of a single course quicker than individual entrees which speeds service; 2) Your table will always have a new dish every 10 minutes or so and there is always something to eat and share; 3) By serving family-style everyone is forced to talk, to communicate, to discuss the food and the experience.  All of these factors ensure that you will not be waiting for long, you will always have something to talk about, and you will always have a constant experience with your wait staff which increases your dining experience.  I consider this a resounding success and sorely lacking in the totality of American dining. It takes courage for any chef, of any tenure, to pair spicy coleslaw with roasted duck breast.  The duck was to perfection.  The spicy coleslaw gave a fine level of acidity - sharp but yet mellow.  Through it all Chef Martello had the technical skill to contrast and balance that acidity with glazed apricots.  Put all three on your fork at the same time and your palate will be doing circles, loop-de-loops, whatever you want to call it.  Suffice to say the taste will be one that you have never had in your life and will remember for a long time. Little neck clams with corn on the cob, roasted duck breast, braised oxtail with tripe and tomato sauce, organic greens; I had it all for dinner.  The potato gratin with salmon, white beets, garlic capes, and creme fraiche deserves a special mention.  Think of it as what scalloped potatoes should always aspire to be - simply astounding.  The special was open-faced toasted baguette with melted brie, prosciutto, and blackcurrant.  It was beyond description.  I will strive for days, if not weeks, to recreate it. For dessert, we dissected and enjoyed the Campfire Tort; a graham cracker tort shell with chocolate and fresh-made (you heard me - FRESH-MADE!) marshmallow.  Chef Martello's staff even has the know-how to crisp the marshmallow with a blow torch. I was so impressed with the totality of my experience that I presented myself to the pass line and told them all how much I enjoyed the cooking. But just so I don't appear to be a "yes-man" I have two small suggestions.  First, with a little bit of additional work on the plating I think the cooking is good enough to compete for a Michelin star.  They may not get it, but it will be close.  Second, what's with the grey t-shirts and blue jeans on the wait staff?  I understand the whole urban decor thing, but there's nothing wrong with slacks and a coordinated polo or button-down shirt.  The staff should be as good looking as the food is. I've been known to drive to Niagara Falls to visit Wolfgang Puck's and New York City to eat at Gordon Ramsay's "The London NYC".  I'm not above travel or price for an extreme dining experience and Good Luck, right here in Rochester, can compete with all of them. Yes, I think Executive Chef Martello is truly that good.  Give him another couple of years and if he continues to push himself we will have a world-renowned chef from our own backyard. In sum Good Luck is the most capable, skilled, technically proficient, and underrated restaurant in the city; over and above Black And Blue, Strathallen, everyone.  Bar none. Chef Martello is young, he's hungry, and he's willing to toe the line of conventional cooking.  For a unique and memorable experience Good Luck should be your only option.  You will not regret it. You will have a dining experience that is completely and totally more than the sum of its parts.  The only problem is that Chef Martello will eventually have the success he seeks.  How much longer after that will we be able to enjoy his talents?
We ate here Saturday night with friends. It's a good thing that we had a reservation because the place was packed. The atmosphere is fun; it's in a converted mill building with lots of brick. The hard interior surfaces make this place loud, but we were able to hear each other just fine. The "Food to Share" on the menu confused us, but we soon learned that everything is meant to be shared family style, so we should just order a variety of things. That seemed fine, but frankly, the portions were a little skimpy for dishes that were supposed to be shared. 4 scallops is an appropriate lunch portion, but not for dinner, and not to be shared, and not at $30! Sharing 8 scallops for maybe $35 would have been more appropriate. Another shortcoming is their policy of bringing items to the table whenever they come out of the kitchen. Yes, this makes it really easy on the kitchen, which likely waits until it has several orders of something before whipping it up. However, I really didn't want my potatoes after my entree items. I prefer to have all of my food on the table at once. (Clearly, my opinion is not commonly shared though, as Good Luck was hopping!) On the plus side, the food was outstanding. Everything was piping hot, fresh, attractively plated, and delicious. Would I return? Sure. But Good Luck wouldn't be my first vote.
This is it: the place I recommend to everyone and anyone who asks. Just don't go on your own. Food is (generally) served family style. The cocktails are amazing, the seasonal sangria never lets me down, and the food... oh my god, the food. The burger (which easily feeds 2+ people) is the best burger in the world. The pile o' fries and the homemade ketchup seal the deal for me. The fried bologna sandwich on rye is amazing. I took my mom for her birthday, and this was the only thing she really didn't want to share. The salads are fresh and inventive, the meat dishes are savory and satisfying, and the portions are perfect for sharing -- they always leave you wanting more. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and helpful. I just wish they were open more often! It's hard to get in!
One of the very best restaurants in Rochester.  The food is fabulous and the ambiance is very hip.
Split a burger with a buddy- the burger was one of the best I have had! Surprised me. I wish they had a better "appetizer" or small meal selection but the burger was perfect. Had a good mixed drink as well.
First time having dinner at good luck last night. My guy and I eat out 3+ nights a week and the other nights we enjoy cooking so we've gotten pretty picky. We're pretty much over giving places a great review based on the usual huge portions and hipster interior decorating. Now we want good food. Really, really good food. Not just something we can make better at home. Last night's dinner was nothing short of awesome. Servers were on point - just the right balance of attention. We started with great cocktails. I'd recommend the paper tiger. White pizza was fabulous as was the grilled asparagus. Bill was high bc of the drinks but without them we would have been under $100 easily. Inside was airy with lots of space between tables. I can see where it could get loud in there with a full house but we were there about 6pm and it was really nice. I'd pit this place against 2 vines or Tratta any day.
I love this place. From the reclaimed architecture, to the delectable cocktails, and the always fresh menu. People are often surprised to find such a well rounded and contemporary place here in Rochester.  They'd get five states in my book if the noise could be managed a little bit better. Maybe that would ruin the atmosphere and I wouldn't want to do that.  They've got a winning recipe here.
Wow, where to begin. Pulling up to the restaurant, it's hard to tell where it is because there's a small Good Luck sign on the building. The Good Luck Garden across the street gives it away and instantly made me feel great that I'd be eating local food. From the moment I walked in here, I was in love with the ambiance and decor. It's in an old brick building that I think used to be a factory. All of the piping is still exposed with exposed brick walls and urban decor. Our awesome wood table was under the window with a booth and sat 8. The vibe went from "chill after work" to a later evening Friday night crowd while we were there. I'd definitely hit up this bar before going out on a weekend. I was in shorts (because it's SO HOT) but I would also feel comfortable being there dressed up in heels. I got there a bit early and took part in their happy hour (from 5-7 at the bar). I got a delicious strawberry cocktail for $6 and it came in a really small glass, which was disappointing. Once seated, I ordered the South African chenin blanc and loved it. The menu is designed to be family style and is amazing for people who love to share food. You get to try a little of everything which is perfect for someone who orders something and then wants what someone else ordered. The menu goes from more appetizer-style items to entree-style as you move down it. Our table started with the margherita pizza and the cheese/meat sampler platter. The local goat's blue cheese rocked my world and our waiter was nice enough to find out what dairy farm it was from. The platter also had pickled garlic scapes (seasonal!) that were out of this world. We then got the carrot salad, fried chicken, the 1 lb. burger, the watermelon salad, the spaghetti al finochietto, goat-cheese gnocchi, scallops, and a monk fish special. The spaghetti was a table favorite and we all said it was the best pasta we've ever had & we ordered a second round of it. I've eaten pasta in Italy and this came close to the cloud-like texture of Italian pasta. The whole format was perfect to pass dishes around and taste a little bit of everything. I felt like I was a big Italian family at Sunday dinner. Food came out as it was ready so we didn't feel overwhelmed by food. For dessert, I had their Campfire Tort which is basically a fancy s'more. It's graham cracker crust with chocolate filling and a toasted homemade marshmallow on top. It was UNREAL. The service was great, our table was constantly cleared to make room for more plates. Our server Stephen was AMAZING and fun (we wanted to hang out with him lol) and was great about explaining the whole experience to us. I also thought I lost my necklace after leaving (don't worry, I found it) and the hostess I spoke to on the phone took my name and number and called me at 11:30pm to tell me she couldn't find it. I really appreciated her caring enough to look twice and call me back. I would go here OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN to try everything I can (as a vegetarian) on the menu.
Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere.  One of my favorite places to attend happy hour on Fridays.
This is my updated review for Good Luck. I gave it a five-star last time for its amazing food and good service. The reason that i downgraded it from five-star to three-star is because of my last visit. I wouldn't give it one or two stars just for one bad experience there, but I don't think it deserve five star any more, because for five-star, it has to be perfect in both food and service. My friend and I went there last time just for drinks. It was almost midnight. Only a few people there at the bar. It was a Thursday night. Our bartender was obviously having a bad day, because he didn't smile or chitchat with us at all. He interrupted me while I was talking to him and jumped to ask me what I wanted. And for the whole night, he didn't bother to look at us at all, even when he was taking our orders. I understand that it was late night and he was probably having a bad day, I would spare him if that's all what he was doing. Around 1 am, there were only a couple of girls (they seem know bartenders) and my friend and I . The music was off (I'm not sure if it was supposed to be off at 1am, because the bar was supposed to close at 2am). One of the girls next to us asked our bartender what he was doing after work. He responded like "being inside you". It was pretty loud with background music off. As a bystander, I was offended. The girl didn't say anything. The other two bartenders were awkwardly looking at the poor girl. I don't know what kind of relationship between our bartender and the girl. I just wonder if there is any bartender ethnics. He was on duty, and clearly he didn't give his job a dime. He failed to respect the girl, the customers around and himself. If he was off duty, whatever he was saying was none of my business. I would just feel unlucky to overhear his foul language. But he was on duty, his word not only represents his own image, but also the restaurant's. Good Luck is one of the top restaurants in Rochester. Who would expect this kind of incident happen there. i would still love to go back for food, but five-star is overrated with such a bartender in the restaurant.
loud and dark atmosphere, but there are some cool animal heads on the wall and custom matchboxes for customers to take. I ate tripe here for the first time and LOVED it. Initially was unsure how I'd like it but I think they did it right. Definitely a shared plated kind of restaurant. Everything my whole party ordered tasted good. Will definitely be back here.
Great place! Amazing spot for date night or girls night out. I always order the Inamartina cocktail, so good! The food is very good but a bit pricey.  Great quality though, the gnocchi are very good as well as any of their pizzas. Can't go wrong with any of their menu items though
Great drinks and food, very lively.  If you want a quiet evening it is probably not the best place but other than that it is awesome.
Great restaurant! Located on the outside of Village Gate where I frequented during my youth so it's amazing to see something like this finally come to Rochester. About time. I love that this place has a lot of sharing items. The only thing is they don't have too many vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free options. Otherwise, great menu. It switches up by what is season which is great. My favorite thing here was their strawberry rhubarb dessert. I didn't see it the last time I was in town but definitely one of my favorite things tasted here. Great place and atmosphere to get together with friends, share food and have cocktails. It's a little pricey but great nonetheless.
Had big expectations when I came here but didn't live up to the hype. Nice place to go on a date  or eat once in awhile but not a frequent place that I'd go. Hours are weird and got to definitely make a reservation. Cute little scenery and food is just OK but not as good as I expected.
The cocktails were good, pricey, but good. I ordered a veggie dish, which was suppose to have asparagus, artichokes, and potatoes. To my horror there was mushrooms in my dinner. I HATE mushroom, and would never order a dish with mushroom. When I told my waiter, he took the dish back and 6 staff members huddled around my plate. He comes backs and says that's the way they were making it tonight. No mention of mushroom anywhere. This was a menu item, so it clearly stated what was in the dish. He was kind of rude telling me he would take it off the bill and I could order something else. No apology. The food could be good, but my luck was bad. Go to Roccos!
Amazing Burger!!
This is a hip and trendy awesome place to eat. The duck is so awesome!!!! The drinks are great and fun. A must for great food and atmosphere...
Lately I've been scrounging the Rochester area for amazing high-quality restaurants. My boyfriend isn't much of a foodie himself but he appreciates the change from fast food and his college dining hall. We made it a "thing" to go to one whenever I make the 5 hour journey to visit him. I called 6 days in advance for a Saturday night dinner and had no issues at all. The parking lot was full and weeee sorttttt of got lost trying to find a way in. We awkwardly just stepped right into the middle of a christmas-y softly-lit magical fairyland and stood there until we realized that we had just walked into the bar. Oops. Went 'round the corner and found our way to the correct entrance. It's LOUD. But that's okay. Organic greens: Pretty basic but that's what we wanted. The dressing was deliciously tart and I wished there was more of it. 1lb Good Luck Burger: Very different from the melted ooeygooey greasy goodness that I usually prefer in a burger but mann it was GOOD. You assemble it yourself with the slaw, the cheese, and the ketchup. I loaded mine up with the perfectly acidic slaw and I even enjoyed the non-melted, non-ooeygooey slice of cold cheese. It was sharp and went perfectly with the burger. Spaghetto Al'Finochietto: My boyfriend was very stubborn on eating pasta that night, and it's a good thing that he was cause I normally would not have ordered this. Simple but very hearty. The breadcrumb topping!!! He served me my portion and gobbled up the rest up faster than I've ever seen him eat before. Food was superb and service was attentive. Looks like the menu just changed. I can't waitttt to go back to try out some of their seasonal dishes!
Well where do I begin ?!  Let's start with our initial meeting with restaurant event coordinator Meghann. This young professional woman is an outstanding representative for this fine restaurant ! We felt we were in competent hands from the beginning to the end of the reception and in the final meeting. Not only was their staff top notch but the  food  is to die for !!! They accommodated out requests for gluten free and vegan in addition to regular selections.   When we inquired to plating of the wedding cake the chef went beyond what was required and provided a rasp sauce. There even were menus printed for the meal selections as well as for specialty drinks at the bar!! Left overs were boxed for not only the bride and groom and their families but for those guests who were still present at the end of the evening. Everything was absolutely phenomenal !!! A must if you are looking for a venue .  Top notch drinks , food and service in a rustic chic setting.  What more can anyone ask for?! Can't wait to go there again and very soon!
After reading an almost-unanimous vote for the Best Burger in Rochester on Yelp talk, we got to Good Luck that very night.  This was a minor mistake; we really should have waited for friends so we could have tried more dishes because -- seriously -- I want to try every single item on their menu.   First thing, our waiter walked up to our table from behind my husband and said, "Hello ladies."  My husband and I both burst out laughing, but the waiter looked like he wanted to run away and never come back.  Once he realized that explaining would only make it worse, he recovered well and poked fun at himself a few times. Atmosphere:  big, chic, and fairly loud, in a happy-family kinda way.  The light is very dim, and constantly dimmed more throughout the evening, which was a little odd.  I wish the tables for 2 were smaller so we weren't practically shouting at each other. Cocktails:  totally amazing and worth a shot. [Fun story: Thanks to the dim light, I had a major freak out when I first glanced at the menu and the dollar signs looked like 1s, which would have made the drinks 19 dollars instead of 9.]  They also had a carafe of winter sangria, which I'd like to try. Food:  the burger was amazing (if not best-in-the-roc), but the fries were meh.  I liked the ketchup/mayo/bourbon mix on the burger, but not on the fries.  I also wish the cheese had been melted.  On the other hand -- omg brussel sprouts!  I could have eaten five orders of them!   Dessert:  If the caramel tart is on the menu, get it, pronto.  Pass on the chocolate cake.  I've had better at Chili's.  It might have been passable with ice cream.  Plan to split dessert; they're very rich. Tips:  Ideal for 4 to 8 people.  Everything is served family style in waves.  Ordering might be a challenge with 8+ people since everything is meant to be shared; I'm curious how they do it. Waitstaff:  Super nice, super professional, SUPER efficient.  They had a table of 16 cleared and reset in about 1.5 minutes. I will definitely go back, next time with more people!
Good Luck attracts me in many ways. For the first several visits I sampled from their cocktail list. Then I attended a few social gatherings in their party room. Last night, I finally went for the food. The vibe is very hip and upscale. It almost feels like you've left Rochester while you're in there. A large bar sits in the center of the restaurant with seating all around, an open kitchen behind it, and lots of room for dining. It's dimly lit, mostly by candles, and people dress nice. The cocktail list has classic options for $8 (think Negroni, Manhattan, Sidecar) and original creations for $9. I recommend the Electric Relaxation (gin, yellow chartreuse, honey, cardamom, starfruit pickle), the Paper Tiger, and the Gilded Ricky. Yes, all three. And then get some Rorbach's beer for just $4 on draft. When I sat down for food with five friends we knew the Good Luck Burger was a must. 1lb of melt-in-your-mouth grass-fed beef with fresh cheddar, housemade ketchup, shoestring fries, and tangy vegetable slaw. I only ate 1/4 of it and that was perfect amount for me. Order it medium rare.   We also got sides of red lentils and roasted cauliflower. The lentils, mixed with sweet potato and spinach, were a little spicy for me. The cauliflower was a nice mix of sweet (from the golden raisins) and salty (from the capers) and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The food, while meant to be shared, is on the pricey side. It's not somewhere you go every week, but certainly for a special occasion.
Good Luck is a fun place in Rochester. All of the cocktails I've tried have been delicious. I am torn between 3-4 stars. I chose 4 because the food really is good, but my issue with GL is the following: It I feel they have somewhat of an identity crisis. They advertise themselves as a sharing restaurant, but many of the 'sharing' options are too awkward to share. I like to experience a dish as a whole with all the sides/accoutrements in one bite, so it requires some effort to give that experience to a few people sharing a dish. I also kind of feel like I ordered a regular sized meal and I'm sharing it with others, rather than the dish being made for sharing. The pricing is also very odd. Sometimes I feel like I'm getting a deal ($13 pizza, $12 oxtail), but other times I cringe - $19 for a burger? $30 for scallops??? I can't figure out if I'm in upstate NY or NYC. I will be back because I enjoy the food, drinks, and the atmosphere - but I'd like to see them revamp their offerings to really meet the niche they're trying to fill.
This is a great, great place in Rochester.  The food quality, atmosphere, service, and drinks are consistently awesome, and I feel like I'm dining back in Brooklyn.  Their food is regularly changing to reflect seasonal produce which means you're always trying something new.  The cocktails are unique (peanut butter and jelly?!) and well mixed.  This is where I take all of my friends who are visiting Rochester and it never disappoints.   Heads up: it's shared plates, so if you're going, go with 4-6 people (with fewer, you can't try enough, and with more, it gets too tough to order/share) and make sure everyone has similar food tastes/restrictions.  The burger is huge and awesome; you should probably get it every time you go.  Also, plan to make a reservation at least 1 week in advance, unless you want to eat at 4:30 or 10pm.  Thursdays: bring your own wine with no corkage fee! Easily the best restaurant in Rochester.
After reading all the positive yelp reviews, I decided it was finally time for me to go to good luck. We went on a Wednesday and the place was still pretty packed. I'm glad I made reservations way ahead of time. We were lucky enough to be in the corner of the restaurant so the noise wasn't too bad. We ordered a ton of food! There were seven people in my party and we ordered about eight dishes. The waiter was worried that it wouldn't really be enough food for everyone, but I can say that we all felt pretty stuffed by the end of it. We ended up getting a lamb sausage dish that was on the special, octopus a la plancha, the braised oxtail with tripe, the gigantic steak, the fried bologna sandwich, the gnocchi with kale and goat cheese, the fried chicken, and the pork shank.   The octopus a la plancha was very good. I've seen how easy it is to mess up octopus, and too many times I have had it overcooked where it was wayy too chewy. This one was wonderfully tender, and I found the sauce that it came with to be enjoyable. I didn't really find the gnocchi to be that special, it seemed pretty bland to me. That was the only dish that I didn't completely love though. We took a vote at the end of the night and it was unanimously decided that the best dish we tried was definitely the oxtail!!! The tripe was tender and well cooked, and the spicy tomato sauce that it came in was delicious. We all loved it! My friends frequently like to make fun of me for how I like to try the weirdest things on the menu! I am always looking for things that have strange ingredients in them that I wouldn't normally expect. So of course the Good Luck cocktail list caught my eye! I tried the Legerdemain which was Tequila, pear nectar, Pimm's, siracha, and orange dust around the rim. It was very well made, but I just wasn't feeling it. The next two cocktails I got though were awesome. The Gilded Ricky was definitely my favorite! I also got the Jack Rose which I liked. We commented that the drinks were very well balanced. I thought the service was pretty excellent. The waiter was very nice and joked around with us. He not only put up with my family's weirdness but went along with it. Overall I really liked this place. The bill was super expensive but what was I really expecting going with a group of seven people. I was worried about how the family style idea would work out with such a big group but it went pretty well. The food was spread out enough that it gave us the much needed time to digest in between courses. Obviously you shouldn't go here if you are in a rush since it takes a while to get everything, but otherwise just sit back and enjoy the night.
Something about Good Luck is just magical to me. I feel like the whole place is like watching a field of fire flies. It's dark with lots of candles and beautiful lighting... ahhhh so fantastic. My tips: -Go on THURSDAYS. No corkage fee. It makes the whole experience more fun, blurry and affordable -Only go to Good Luck with people you like. The experience is usually a longer one -Wash your hands - all the food is tapa/family style! Tons of sharing -Get the burger and gnocchi -Cash is usually helpful to divvy up the bill so not everyone is paying with cards They can accommodate parties up to 14 people in their main dining room. I've also just met at the bar with friends for a bevvie and it's still a great experience. Ahhh.... I can't wait to go back.
I am giving Good Luck a 4 because it is so hard to get in here without a reservation.  I love it... the food is awesome (probably why it is so hard to get a seat).... the atmosphere is so much fun.  It's always hustling and bustling but not obnoxiously so.    The extremely generous portions are created to share plates... The burger.... will shock you.... and totally wow you!   A huge burger on a massive bun but it is juicy and hot and absolutely delicious.... like humming while you eat delicious!  A must try....  I would go so much more frequently if getting a table was easier!
We came for a good friend's birthday party and Good Luck did not disappoint.  We were able to actually see into and speak to the kitchen, which was awesome.  The chefs were friendly and answered all my questions. If you go here - YOU HAVE TO ORDER THE BURGER! Not enough good things I can say about this place.  Every time I come to Rochester I have to get a reservation here or I would literally die.  Literally.
I can't say enough good things about Good Luck.  We went to the restaurant with high expectations, and it did not disappoint. In my opinion, Good Luck is the complete package in Rochester, in terms of atmosphere, staff attentiveness, food/drink, and just overall experience. We tried the red lentils, fried chicken, burger and the french vegetables that are cooked in the paper-like sack.   I especially liked the red lentils because they had a nice amount of cummin (if you're a fan of indian food you'll like this).  The fried chicken and the burger were done almost perfectly.  The food was adventurous, and even if we didn't like something (the french vegetables were just okay), we could appreciate the effort that went into preparing dish. We were surprised that the staff was so attentive because the place was insanely busy.  Also, the drinks were authentic and not overly priced, definitely some of the best manhattans i've ever had.   I also liked the fact that the bar was square shaped, with lots of standing room.  This made waiting for our table more pleasant as we didn't have to fight through bar patrons to get a drink (a huge contrast from a place like Tony D's in terms of waiting for your table). The atmosphere of the place was great, which is buoyed by the repurposed industrial space, exposed brick, the lighting, etc.  Parking was easy to find on the neighborhood side streets. We can't wait to go back with friends that come in from out of town.
One of my favorite restaurant in Rochester. The service is always good. The food is fantastic as always!
The atmosphere is almost industrial looking with scattered chair types. We were able to be sat instantly despite not having a reservation. Service was great as well. Cocktails were pricey but the beer was average price but good.The idea behind sharing food is amazing, although it is hard to gauge how much food you will need (we ended up having to order more). There are plenty of choices to go out and have so if your in the mood for something, but not sure what I would recommend this place. Just prepare for a decent size bill. It was 120 for 4 of us. We still have to go back an have the burger
Great food. A little hipster for my tastes but overall a very nice experience. The decor is welcoming and rustic. Our server was very nice if a little out of it. The food was very good, I highly recommend the red lentil dish - surprisingly delectable. Next time I'm definitely ordering the cauliflower, too. According to everyone else, the meat was the best they ever had, though I can't speak to that since I didn't have any. One of the meat-eaters asked about their secret and the server mentioned that the food is "super fresh" as in butchered and served that day.
I have been going to Good Luck since it opened for cocktails, food, and general mischief. The cheeseburger was and is still the best in town but it's definitely meant for 2 or more people. I would also recommend the red lentils. In fact, get both and share with friends. In addition to tasty eats, the cocktails and wine list are great (I will say, I generally get wine when I go but they make an excellent French 75). For over five years since it opened, it remains one of the places to 'see and be seen' in Rochester.
I am extraordinarily lucky. The evidence is readily apparent in my dinner at Good Luck (and not in my non-existent MegaMillions jackpot): I was able to sample the Legerdemain* cocktail. It has Sriracha AND orange dust (most poor bastards only get one of the two, if they are lucky). And I stumbled upon Rohrbach, my new favorite brewery; their Java Stout was only $4! It wasn't even happy hour! I dined on deliciously salty, perfectly medium-rare duck, an above average burger with genius condiments (homemade sauce of ketchup, mayo and brandy) and wonderful fries, and amazing housemade pappardelle with mushrooms and pancetta. And I have a beautiful girlfriend who not only loves me despite my inability to dress and/or act like an adult, my refusal to bathe frequently, my face, my penchant for 70s dwarf porn, my complete sexual inadequacy, my insistence on airing out private business in Yelp reviews, my theft of everything she wants to eat, my body...but she also paid for this lovely meal.*** _________ *I also have a snazzy iPhone that recognizes the word Legerdemain. And yet it doesn't know NAMBLA. Get with it, Apple. **Don't worry, I'll reciprocate. Perhaps on a Thursday, which is no corkage night here. Or maybe I'll just put out.
Love this place! It reminds me of restaurants back home in the city. Wish they had a little more bar space but altogether food and drinks are great.
Great addition to the Rochester restaurant scene. Huge bar area without tvs that allows you to enjoy people's company and the delicious cocktails. The atmosphere in the whole restaurant is great. The food is meant for sharing, so it's best to go with 4+ people, but it's doable as a couple. They're known for their burger, but the last time I went, the burger was super salty. Almost inedible. The pastas have always been good, and the service is consistently good. It's pricey for the area, but if you're willing to spend a little more than usual and take a long dinner with friends/family, this is your place.
Good luck is a home run, in my opinion. Be prepared to spend some cash, but every sip and every bite is worth it. I usually only order their cocktails when I come here, particularly because they're one-of-a-kind with fresh ingredients & always made to perfection, no matter who's your bartender. My personal fave is the Jack Rose (applejack, pomegranate juice, sugar & lime), which I've fondly named "The Titanic." If you haven't been yet, you have to try the burger - it's a given. But, I also love the clams, when they're on the menu. Speaking of that, they mix up the menu often so there's a nice variety of options if you aren't a steadfast regular. Overall great atmosphere: dim lighting, candles, rustic - looks like an NYC transplant in Rochester. I highly recommend it!
Good Luck is hands down the best restaurant in Rochester (well...of the restaurants I've tried to date).  I have never been disappointed.  Come prepared to eat a lot, drink a lot, and spend some cash.  But it's absolutely worth it.  Recommend coming with a bigger group (4-8 people) to be able to get a good variety of food, but also to make sure you get your share of it! My husband and I bring everyone who comes to visit us here.  I also love going with ladies on Thursdays and drinking a ton of wine. Life is good at Good Luck.  Yum.
Delicious, inventive food in a gorgeous atmosphere! I'm a little picky when it comes to meat so sometimes I'm not incredibly jazzed with their current selection, but their cocktails are always incredible! I've only ever had one issue with a server, several years ago now, and the manager went well above and beyond to mend the relationship. Great place to have a night out when you're willing to spend a little more!
Wow, this place is great.  Very cool interior, clearly embellishing the fact that it is in an old brick warehouse/factory space (the former Fabrics & Findings space).  I loved the tables and my date loved the miss-match of wooden chairs.  The kitchen is open and the generally feeling is that it is bustling as the waiters are hustling back and forth.  Most of the customers were your typical urban citizens, and my date, a long-time resident of Manhattan until recently, felt right at home. We arrived around 8 pm on a recent Saturday evening.  Without a reservation, we were informed the wait would be about 45 minutes.  Moving over to the bar area, I ordered a Manhattan (~$7) and she ordered from the signature cocktails menu an Inamartina (~$8).  The bar service was attentive and prompt.  She loved the Inamartina, and the Manhattan was a little stronger than my home concoctions, but excellent as well.  Just as we were finishing our drinks, we were informed our table was ready.  The maitre d' asked if we'd like to move our tab over to the table.  I think this really enhances a restaurant patron's experience, and it should be more common than the unfortunate "close your bar tab" request. Not sure which bottle of wine to order, the waitress offered us a small tasting.  She explained that this was possible with the wines one could order individual glasses but that it was not possible from the bottle only wine list.  Fully understanding, we were grateful for the opportunity to sample Hahn Estates cabernet sauvignon.  However, after the tasting, we ordered from the bottle-only list, a $55 bottle from the Rhone region, and in my limited judgment I thought it was very good and fairly priced. For dinner, we ordered the cheese-filled cannelloni which was made with béchamel sauce and some fresh herbs (~$14).  We also ordered the meatloaf special which was wrapped in a thick layer of prosciutto, and then sliced, laying several meaty slices on a thick layer of polenta (~$14).  The polenta by itself was AMAZING.  The two dishes were also excellent, and filled us up so that we did not order a third entrée.  Have to keep room for desert ;-) For desert, we ordered the goat cheese cheesecake (~$7).  This was delightful and the perfect end to a great evening.  The cheesecake was incredibly smooth and while I had trouble detecting the goat cheese flavors (likely due to the sensory overload and the wine burning off my delicate tastebuds) my date did not. The food, wine, and experience was amazing. The service was attentive, patient, and informed.  I think my total bill was ~$135 after tax and tip.   It has been a long time since I have savored every bite, thank you Good Luck.
Good Luck has constantly disappointed us with it's ridiculous seating, and lack of response to reservation requests. Geez, why doesn't anyone ever pick up that bloody phone? And what's the point of leaving your name when no one calls you back! And when you show up, you're told they can't seat you for another 3 HOURS, meanwhile you're staring blankly at a half empty restaurant! This happens EVERY time, no FAIL, and I guess I've just had enough. We once asked to be seated at the end of a large table, that was reserved for a larger party but would still have room for us ( otherwise the wait was 3 hours, when the restaurant was basically empty). The restaurant REMAINED half empty for the ENTIRE time we were there! Even our large market table became cleared as the large party was a no show, and another party of two was seated on the opposite side of us. And this is the case EVERY TIME! Whether we wait by the bar or not, the restaurant reservation policy is ridiculous! The FOOD. Hit and miss, every time. House made pasta special with mushrooms was mixed with bitter kale. To say the least, it was seriously lacking in flavor, both the pasta and the ingredients, and that bitter kale killed it altogether. At $18 per bowl, and leaving more than half untouched we were NOT impressed. Oxtail and tripe, while I really wanted to love this dish, the only thing I liked was the sauce. The oxtail was basically nonexistent, and the tripe had the consistency of boogers. Yes. True story. It all tasted like the backend of a large animal.  (I love tripe, I know good tripe, this is NOT it).  My fiance was quite disgusted. The margherita pizza is so simple. It seems to be lacking in taste and ingredients. I have to mention however that the dough is great, it's thin crust perfectly brick oven toasted? Or seems to be. The white pizza, with the artichokes, etc. was a bit better. Bibb salad is boring and lame, not sure how the hot green peppers fit in there? Overpriced. Braised shortribs are the best thing on the menu, it's so tender and the red wine reduction is perfect, pureed potatoes are yum. But again, I don't get how you serve the bone marrow and leave it up to the customer to ask for salt, pepper to season it and bread for spreading it. I don't know anyone who slurps unseasoned bone marrow straight out of the bone. lol Grilled squid is another favorite here, the sauce is perfection. This place is good for cocktails, and I see why it's so packed by the bar night after night. Cocktails starting with the best: Gilded Ricky, Paper Tiger, Legerdemain, Knock on Wood, and then Bait and Switch.
It's my second time back at Good Luck, and last year I ranked it as one of my top 10 restaurant experiences in 2013. I was impressed yet again tonight with the Williamsburg-like hipster industrial aesthetic, the classy treatment, the creativity of the cocktail menu and the absolutely amazing burger and fries (perhaps the best fries I've ever had -- I couldn't stop like Miley). Matt the bartender was engaging and really nice, and I again am so jealous that Rochester has Good Luck. I would eat here every week if it were in my town. Kudos.
Relatively new to the restaurant scene in Rochester, Good Luck is certainly a welcome addition.  In the old Fabrics & Findings factory, Good Luck has copied a trend used by many other restaurants in other cities.  It does provide a different atmosphere and is more conducive to the type of experience they are trying to create.  However, on a Friday night, it is the nosiest place in town.  The acoustics are so horrible, you can't hear the person across the table. A shared plates restaurant means your orders are for the table, so make sure you order enough of whatever everyone likes.  Seems like the menu changes constantly, but the pork tenderloin my girlfriend and I ordered was the best we ever had.  The menu isn't very extensive, but there should be something for everyone.  As a filler, we ordered the french fries (not really something I would order outside of a steakhouse, but I was curious) and they aren't your normal steak fries or fast food fries.  Overall, the menu seemed unique, being mostly different than any other Rochester restaurants.  Expect to spend $60-70 based on our order of 3-4 dishes and a couple cocktails. Try the Paper Tiger cocktail (as recommended by our waiter).. it's some sort of sake concoction and definitely the surprise of the night. Wait staff is engaging and extremely casual.  So, this is not exactly a "fine dining" establishment, but the food is.. 4 and 1/2 stars, 1/2 off for lack of easy conversation (they need some noise dampeners).
Superb experience...from the first phone call....to the final crumb. I have eaten at some of the best restaurants around the world...from Charley Trotters in Chicago...to Michelin four star places in Lyon....the meal served at Good Luck was among the best...period. A lively and energetic vibe...with casual visual cues. I phoned these folks about 10 days before arrival...I was interested in arranging a dinner for about 10 family members....left a message..and Megan (hope I have her name correct and not confusing with Tournedos !) called back quickly.  She listened to my thoughts and offered a couple of suggestions.  She then emailed some more information....excellent and timely service with NO up-selling. I decided on the chefs table...adjacent to the kitchen..but not in the kitchen.....sufficiently private...but still in the swing of things.  We agreed on a five course Italian themed meal with wine pairings. It was amazing.  Every item served was interesting and unique...without being un-approachable.  Last second request for a vegetarian offering was met with a creative something that the recipient deemed the best she ever had. First course (anti pasto) was a mix of many things..made .in house charcuterie...lovely white anchovies...cured olives....and many other things that were sublimely delicious. Each additional course built on the first...each one individually interesting...while building and continuing a theme...not something most restaurants can pull off Wines were well chosen....interesting w/o going over the top...too many places try to impress with their wine selections...the wine should not upstage the food. Service and flow was perfect...not over the top...not the ridiculous BFF crap that substitutes for well trained table service these days. Pricing was an amazing value..in fact...I was concerned that is was so inexpensive. Per my request...I was not brought the bill...as this would invoke a near riot with relatives trying to grab the damn thing... Perfection in every respect. Please also check out my review for Tournedos..also an superb experience....but for a larger crowd.  Rochester...you have some terrific restaurants.
So we finally tried this place. I am so mad that I can't rave about it. I just want to find a place in Rochester that's different, that's inspired, that makes good food!!! GAH! Adding this restaurant to the "meh" line. The food and service were right down the middle for me. Nothing bad, but nothing to write home about. We had the meat and cheese platter for an appetizer - I enjoyed the chickpeas and some cheeses. I won't touch rabbit, but my husband was all over that. My husband got the rabbit entree and enjoyed it. I got the cannelloni which was stuffed with spinach and had a cream sauce. Although the pasta was homemade, which was the reason I went for the dish, it was too thin that it was spongy like and kept ripping into small soggy pieces. The texture ruined the dish for me. The sangria 1/2 carafe was nice, but wish I had more for the price.
Is this your first time eating here?...The dreaded greeting phrase that is programed into all of the servers at Good Luck, and just like the voicemail greeting of a friend who never answers the phone, I was cringing even before the waitress started the phrase. The warm feeling one gets as a regular of a restaurant when a server remembers their order or what they like to drink is absent here, Good Luck manages to do the opposite by making you feel like a Kansas farmer wandering into Per Se for a bite to eat.  Its not the fault of the waitress, they're just doing what they're told.  Please, print a short explanation of the portion sizes at the bottom of the menu and flash me a warm smile...pretend you know me. As I looked around the room it appeared to be empty-nester night even at the later hour which we ate.  One can always notice your typical progression over the course of a few years following the opening of good dining establishment: Industry insiders and Hipsters, followed by yuppies in their 20's and 30's, followed by the 40 yr old couples who are nostalgic for their 20's and 30's, followed by the empty-nester foodies, and then finally the suburban couples.  Rochester is unique because this progression runs its course and then seems to loop around again until the crowd on certain nights is undefinable. Now about the food, delicious and well presented (as it seems to be every time I visit) and the wine list short but well appointed.  The braised oxtail and tripe in tomato sauce made any disgruntlements from the introduction fade away for the remainder of the meal.  The oxtail and tripe were cooked to perfect tenderness with a magnificent beefy flavor enjoyed with every bite of the oxtail.  The dish was completed with a tomato sauce that did not overpower the other ingredients and rounded out the dish nicely.  And no, I didn't follow the house rules and share with my dining companions,  instead i opted to fend them off like a lion standing over a fresh pile of gazelle. 4 stars for the food and wine, minus one for the intro speech
We had table booked and still had to wait in a line. I would not recommend to go there hungry or if you expect a decent size meal. Food to share on the menu is fun food to try but I would not say I really enjoyed it. The desert was good and we got it for free :) We wanted to order a desert when waitress showed up and said we have to leave because other people have reservation and are waiting. Really? Restaurant manager sorted it out and that's how we were offered a free desert :) I would go back for a drink and snack at the bar but not for a dinner again.
My partner and I went here for dinner, in town for vacation, and had a lovely time!  A dark renovated warehouse scene with lots of antiquities without being too kitchy... almost steampunk!  Very loud.  Everything is served "family style" but portions are normal.  That said, the food comes out ridiculously fast. We started out with mesclun greens and some handmade ricotta/marscapone ravioli.  The greens were extremely fresh, ample and tasty.  The ravioli were also delicious with a poached egg on top, but the portion was a bit on the ridiculously small size at 3 ravioli for $16. I was still hungry so I went with the lamb sausage with a feta/fingerling potato roasted side which were both fresh and delicious. In general, anyone with a pork/charcuterie fixation (which I'm assuming the cook has) would be in love here.  Almost every plate has bacon, pancetta, pork belly or some other pork goodness incorporated. That said, my partner is vegetarian and I often eat vegetarian, and we were less than impressed with the offerings in this regard and the prices therein. The menu, in general, included roughly 3 pizzas (10 inch) at $11-12, 3-4 salads at $9-15, a charcuterie plate at $10-14, lamb/beef/pork entrees from $12-22, 3-4 fish entrees ranging from $18-28 and then a decent dessert list $8-10 (they were out of strawberries!  In June!) The drink list was OK.  They really could do better in the craft beer department and I would love to see more on draft, but at least the prices here were reasonable.  The wine list was OK, again, nothing too unseen. In general, we were happy.  A bit miffed with the portion size of the ravioli but in general left very satisfied.
As a professional spirits writer and judge it was highly discouraging to go out in the Rochester are - poor selection, worse preparation and atmosphere, etc., not worth it to put it mildly. Good Luck has changed all that. Knowledgeable bar and wait staff, great selection and impeccably made drinks ( both classic and signature) make it a pleasure to got out again. Great food too! Down side is it is VERY loud and tends to be crowded anywhere near the bar. Also their spirits collection is not as varied as Cheshire.Cheaper drinks and no stairs are however a plus.
3.5 Good Luck is off to a good start.  Speaking mostly as a disinterested observer, since I don't foresee too many more trips to Rochester, my fondest hope for GL would be that it serve as a bellwether.  Because although GL is pretty good, it's struggling with a difficulty common to early entrants to any market: lack of competition.  Though it's not universally true, the best and most innovative restaurants of any type emerge where clustering has occurred.  If this sounds counterintuitive, consider how shitty Windows 7 is.  Or perhaps more relevant, how much better (if also more insufferably obnoxious) beer has gotten since 1990. They're doing pretty well on the beer and liquor end.  (Though, as with most of these places, the beer list doesn't seem to be curated to emphasize variety so much as "hip independence").  I enjoyed a cocktail, and my wife really enjoyed a French 75 that put to shame the version offered by a hip Brooklyn cocktail "boite." The food needs a bit of work, though.  Once you get past the enormity of the hamburger, there's still the oiliness.  And once you get past the presentation and the coordinated table settings, they're just pretty good salads, overdressed here, underdressed there.  A good tossed salad can be served cold, but it shouldn't taste cold.  Or seem glued to together. This is nitpicking.  The food is good enough that I'd happily go back.  And the service is earnest and hardworking enough that it's hard to find too much fault.  Dealing with greaseheads on New Year's Eve who interrupt a bar patron's dinner order to shout, "THREE MORE GENNY LIGHTS, SWEETHEART" can be pretty taxing. But on busy nights, there MUST be a better solution for bar seating than the free-for-all that results when one party departs.  Not keeping a list makes you weird, not alt.
We have been to Good Luck on three occasions, as a party of 6-8 people. Perhaps it would be a better experience for a couple. This is the only restaurant in Rochester where I have seen an inappropriate server comment on the physical differences of our friends. Where a misheard drink order, when pointed out, was met with a shrug. Where every entree, and dessert items ordered by specific people, were left randomly, just anywhere on the table, because it's "family style." The food is basically adequate. The service and ambience leave much room for improvement.
Trips usually vary between a 5 and a 4 star. We are about 100-something reviews deep and honestly most of them already touched on the pluses-and-minuses of Good Luck. The only thing I have to stress is that you should be prepared to share your food and share the bill. Anyway, I haven't noticed a mention of what I think is one of the best parts of Good Luck: The Inspired Table events. My wonderful spouse took me to one of these for a graduation gift. Very, very cool. For these events the restaurant remains closed, the chef's get to roll out a multi-course, themed menu, there is alcohol pairing, and sometimes there is something else (i.e. music, a speaker, etc.) These events are not cheap, so you'll probably want to be selective about which ones you go to, but the one I went to was Wine Country themed and it was amazing. On that night they had a vinter in from Napa and a 5 course meal. That was probably the last time I had food that I really oooohed and ahhed over. Not all of the inspired table events appeal to me because some of them are very specific (i.e. one theme was offal, not for me) but I do have to say they ALL look very creative and well thought out. All the event listings are on their webpage and you have to make reservations to go. They often sell out so keep and eye out in advance to see if something piques your interest.
Went here for the first time today with my mom and my dad.  I enjoyed the food, and it wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be.  The food is served family style and the waitress described it like tapas.  Oh yeah, the waitress we had was mediocre...she didn't seem to know much, she read the description of the specials of the day off a paper, and she seemed to chit chat a lot with her other waiter friends.   We ordered the Organic Greens salad, Braised Oxtail, and the Good Luck burger.  First to come out was the salad.  It was very good, fresh, and had really good croutons.  My mom's one complaint was that it was overdressed, but she tends ask for the dressing on the side because she does not like much dressing on her salads.  Next came the burger--a 1 pound burger cut into 4 pieces with good cheddar cheese, tons of french fries and some slaw.  The cheese was good but I would have preferred it to come slightly melted on the burger, but perhaps they keep it to the side for those who don't want cheese?  Actually, I liked everything on the burger dish; the fries were really good too.  Finally came the oxtail.  It was not as good as we expected.  The meat was cooked very well (by well, I mean skillfully), but the flavor was nothing impressive.   For dessert, we ordered a pint of their homemade ice cream.  The flavors of the day were vanilla and coffee; we chose coffee.  We also ordered the warm chocolate cake.  The chocolate cake was not quite what we expected--it was not like a slice of birthday cake and it was like liquidy inside but it was delicious!  The coffee ice cream was pretty good too, but not as creamy as we expected. The total for the meal and dessert for the 3 of us was about $60 so it's really not that expensive (I see it more as a $$, not a $$$).  I think the burger was a good deal--it's $17 but it's big and it has a lot of fries too.  I'm glad I got to try this place out--I would definitely come here again!
Most likely the best restaurant in Rochester. Inventive, well executed dishes. Good wine list and excellent cocktails. Great buzz, lively atmosphere and a good waitstaff. Coco the maître d' is superb! I've been going there ever since it first opened and have not been disappointed once.
I love Good Luck. I love it for birthdays and dates and even more on Thursdays when I can bring my own wine for free. Went with a friend last night for no-corkage-fee night, and were promptly seated at a table by the bar (they have 3 bar tables reserved for when it's busy and you don't care where you sit?) Turned out to be better than the dining room, because we could actually hear each other and took our time finishing the wine. Shared the burger-amazing as always. Has the blue cheese starter plate, served with the most amazing crostinis I have ever had, and a fennel apple 'salad' (mostly a tiny mound, but the cheese was the star). The hostess was friendly and our server was attentive-this place could easily have a staff of uppity foodies and people would probably still eat there, but they are consistently warm, welcoming and knowledgeable of the food and drink. That alone is part of what keeps me coming back. I'm always intrigued by the crowd. It's a mix of young professionals, hip middle-aged, and old biddies draped in jewelry and fur and their husbands who seem to own Rochester (or at least behave that way). Sat next to one such couple, who kept making odd requests of the kitchen and saying things like 'I don't know, just bring me something.' And the woman who essentially moved into our table, throwing her jacket directly next to my friend, followed by her bag and magazine, spent the rest of her dinner glaring at us as we yukked it up and reminisced. It's bring your own wine night, ma'am. Anything goes.
Since I was here for a drink and not to sit down for dinner I felt I couldn't give Good Luck 5 stars quite yet, but I'm looking forward to going again for an actual meal. They managed to retain most of the original architecture, which is beautiful and the bar and restaurant really match the building. The bar staff was friendly and very attentive even as more and more people came in. Good Luck is a bit off the beaten path but it's worth checking out, just get there early as the parking lot fills up fast on a Friday night!
So I was meeting up with an old college friend in Rochester, and she says, "hey, want to try Good Luck?  It's new and kind of expensive ... well, you live in SF so it'll be cheap for you I'm sure".  Well, by the time we finally get the bill and look it over, this place is expensive! In any case, the food here was flavorful and the service was great.  My favorites were the clams and the scrambled eggs, which they were happy to make for me with egg whites. The place is REALLY loud inside, so if you want a quiet night, this isn't the place.  I'd go back.
I've been to Good Luck several times and it is one of my favorites 'round these parts.  Well prepared food with great attention to detail.  The flavors are layered and you can taste the small distinctions in the ingredients.  Last time there my wife and I shared the burger.  Big, juicy....mmmm mmm good.  The pizzas are great and just about everything else.  The menu can change daily and it's always diverse. Tried the peach cobbler and blueberry almond cake last night and I wasn't all that impressed although my wife enjoyed them very much. What pulls Good Luck together is the atmosphere.  It can be a bit loud so it's not always perfect for an intimate date, but if you're looking for lively this is the spot.  In fact, if you want to get a feel for the noise level, check out the website...on the home page they have sounds of the restaurant playing...essentially you hear mottled conversations. Start out at the bar and try some of signature drinks.  The Gilded Rickey is spectacular.  It's pretty much a gin and tonic to the 10th power.  Made with Hendrick's gin so it's extra smooth. This is a wonderful spot for groups and it's a default spot for us now!   Nummy, Num, Num.
This is my first 5 star review. I love this place that much. Whenever I am in Good Luck it does not feel like I am in Rochester anymore. The vibe is more like NYC. The food is consistently amazing. The menu is designed to be shared. Between Megen and I we get between 3 and 5 items. 3 if we both decide to get something big (like the burger, more on that later, or fish) and 5 if we get a bunch of smaller dishes. The menu changes very often, a few times a month it seems. It's full of fresh, local ingredients. But there are some regulars that you should try: the burger and the gnocchi (or any other pasta dish marked as having fresh made pasta). The burger is meant for 2 and comes with delicious fries. It's always cooked perfectly and the sauce they give you for it is amazing (I believe it's ketchup, mayo, and an alcohol, rum I think). Last time I went I took half the burger home and asked for a container of the sauce as well :) They also have a good stock of beer and wine, things you definitely won't see at similar restaurants in the area. And they have a bar menu that includes pizza and fries for when you need something to eat late at night.
Fun place. They offer "family style" meals of quality fare. I had duck and cauliflower last time I was here. It was good, but the duck was bit more dry than I would have preferred. The prices are a bit higher than the quality warrants. It may be that the quality is inconsistent. One important note: The coffee ice cream is the best I've had anywhere. I've heard that the owner of Good Luck also owns the local coffee shop Java's, so that may be why. Seriously, save room for it. You'll want to take home a container too.
Fantastic place. I come here a lot and the food is amazing. I like how they do small portions as well. Great to share if you have a boyfriend or girlfriend or just friends. Night time is also a lot of fun. The drinks are good and the bartenders are very nice and respectful. This place is pretty classy and never had an issue here. Love coming here!
Amazing, amazing food. I had about six different dishes and I can vouch for this restaurant any day, any time. This place is a winner.
Good Luck does not screw around. The kitchen puts out great food: unpretentious, not ostentatious, always of high-quality ingredients and technique. Presentation is austere and functional, as it should be. Try the lentils. The bar is an honest-to-god American bar of the kind I've been scouring Brooklyn for--you'd think they'd be on top of this--but have never seen anywhere else. Signature drinks are all good but I only order the classics. If I could rent a room here, I would. The price list looks intimidating until you realize that the food menu is meant to be shared and the cocktail menu is not for overindulgence. I brought a group of twelve here for my birthday and we racked up the heaviest tab I've ever seen. Chuck, the owner, and I are chips off the same design-school block, and he's done an awesome job on the space and lighting. You'll never eat under fluorescent lights again, if I have anything to say about it!
Good Luck has consistently delicious food, relatively unique cocktails and pleasant and stylish decor. The food is local, thoughtful and well-executed, whether you get a cheese plate or a full meal. The menu can also be navigated in a relatively affordable manner--the food is supposed to be shared and you can get a whole chicken for $22. The drinks are also quite good and it is the only game in town that routinely uses things like St.Germain and Hendricks gin (Lento uses unusual liquors but they are more of the chipotle vodka variety). Caveat: The drinks will be exceptional if you can get them from the right bartenders. However, about half of the bartenders are not skillful enough to make an interesting corpse reviver--they will clumsily imbue any drink that requires a little subtlety with a boring and murky quality. Finally, I have to say that I have been disappointed with the crowd. It used to be a lot more 20's and 30's, but as people have found out about it the crowd has shifted to an older, more irritating, desperate middle-aged divorce sort of demographic.
This place has excellent food, a romantic ambiance, and a long wait if you don't make reservations, so luckily we called ahead and we're able to snag a 9:30 reservation. Went here for a date and ordered the burger along with two cocktails.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was the perfect size for sharing.  The cocktails were very unique, a little on the strong side, but still delicious.  For dessert we ordered the coffee, which came in a French press with servings for two, and the chocolate mousse.  Everything we ordered was great!
My girl and I first went here for late drinks about 2 months ago, on a random Friday, and ended up having a platter of various (and tasty) things and cold-cuts. My 2nd cocktail, a fantastic Old Fashioned, came in a glass with an unseen crack in it. Unseen, that is, until I cut my lip on it. A small cut, but it was bleeding fairly heavily nonetheless. While I tried to minimize the incident, I did have my girl ask for salt ( to make a styptic paste to stop the bleeding). The waitress brought me a fresh drink with the salt, of course, but then something odd happened. The manager came over and made sure I was okay and apologized again. At the end of the night, they'd comped our entire check. Amazing service and concern for ther patrons. Truly a Rochester gem. I've been back since, and have never felt that this was anything less than a first-rate establishment.
Very short on value. Very. But, the good points first. The artisan cocktail making is very good. There were many interesting recipes new to me and the liquors were all top notch. The bartender who served me was one of the youngest and was competent, but stiff. Maybe in a few months if he is interested in learning and reads up he will have a drink idea ready when asked for one with mezcal. And if there is a whole measure of cointreau in a margarita then there needs to be more than a measure and a half of tequila. Still a good drink tho. Now, the food. I'm almost never this direct, but the charcuterie is an insult. $15 for sliced bread, three pieces of salami, cheddar, manchego, a dollop of grey poupon, relish  and a custard cup of char. No kidding. Nothing interesting or unique about it. Nothing. The server did 'explain' it enthusiastically. 'This is cheddar, this is salami, this is manchego and this is arctic char'. No, really. Is the cheese from a local dairy? Is there anything special about this dish at all? Underwhelming for sure. And now, the $19 burger. I ordered it because the steak was $49. Really? You can't put a strip steak or a flank on there for $29??? Just a $20 burgah and a $50 steak. I live in Boston and there are lots of new trendy restauarants there on the burger trend bandwagon, but none of them have the nerve to charge $19. And that's Boston. The burger came cut into four pieces with a mountian of decent fries on top. The cheese comes on the side, it's a build your burger thing, so don't get your hopes up for some melted cheese 'inside' your burger. But, at least I got more of that boring cheddar. The dressing offered is a mixture of ketchup, mayo and brandy; and doesn't taste like any of them, sounded interesting though. The meat was excellent. It is clearly high quality beef and cooked perfectly, not juicy, but cooked perfectly. Way too expensive. That is likely why the two gentlemen next to me decided to share one. See, that's not what you want as a restaurant owner. I paid my bill and got the hell out of there. I don't live here, so maybe it is the only contemporary concept place in the city now and the trendy folks in Roch with money are easily impressed. These guys are REALLY looking to cash in judging from the prices. They have a lot of the right ideas. But, the execution does not warrant the prices. To the owner, take a drive to Boston or Albany and see what the most interesting new restaurants are doing and charging, because if the ingredients are top notch that is just the first step, you then need more knowledgable staff, better presentation and more choices to warrant the prices you are charging.
I love the environment of Good Luck Restaurant. When I am there, I really feel like I am away from Rochester and in a larger scale city. Good Luck is bustling, offers a decent food menu, their cocktail menu is unique and their wine offerings are also very impressive. They are lacking a bit in the beer section, only offering a few. I think that Good Luck is the perfect place to meet up for a drink after work and simply linger. I wouldn't go there for a dinner or something, because the menu is a little too expensive and limited for my taste. If you're trying to impress someone, I'd definitely take them here. The atmosphere is conducive of an intimate and romantic energy, and it will be sure to compliment an evening with friends, co-workers or a loved one. If Good Luck loses its charming ambiance, it would definitely lose a few of it's stars as well. While this restaurant offers a vibe that is hard to find in other Rochester hangouts (Tapas 177 matches it), I think that it is also a little to expensive for its own good...Also, the crowd can be unbearably yuppie.
wow wee, is this one of the most reviewed places in Rochester or what? Located in Village Gate on a somewhat quiet street with a small patio, I enjoyed Good Luck and the atmosphere inside is wonderful! Though, for the portions I felt it was a bit pricey and I also felt they could have been a bit more veg friendly with interesting options. The warm chocolate cake was great Party of 5 was over $120 Cocktails were a decent price and pretty darn good Waitress was attentive and friendly Their literature states a 2 hour max for each party, we went over that and while we wrapped up I could tell they were a little antsy for our large table (but they weren't rude by any means) Attire is a bit business casual in my opinion (I didn't see a dress code but also didn't see anyone in their laundry day outfit) Make a reservation for a weekend evening/night time
My favorite restaurant experience in the ROC. I've dined at GL several times while visiting my best friend in Rochester. I love the festive open air dining atmosphere;  there is great energy and buzz amongst the wait staff that transfers to the guests. The menu is compact but every dish is memorable. I'll never forget the first time the burger came out - stacked high and cut in four scrumptious quarters for us to share. The fries that accompanied were also off the hook. Between the four of us we usually order 5 or 6 dishes to share, and that is definitely the way to go. Wine is always free flowing and we leave with bellies FULL! The only reason I did not give it five stars is because of the noise level. Voices carry and at times it seems a little too loud to have any real conversation...even when sitting in the "quietest" section as was given to us the last time we were there. Good work, Good Luck!
Although it was sad to see Fabrics & Findings shrink, Rochester needed Good Luck to breathe some life into the Village Gate, or as my friends and I call it "Mall of Broken Dreams."  Growing up, I loved coming to the Village Gate, but the dynamic of this complex has changed significantly over the years.  Once the mural was painted over and Salena's moved, I thought this place was on its last leg.  Maybe I was wrong... Good Luck brings some big city style and class to an area that desperately needed something fresh.  The dining experience is great and the menu is more complex than other restaurants in the city.  I like the large dining tables and mismatched chairs, the tapas-esque sharing approach is nice for couples and small groups of friends.  Sometimes service can be a little slow or hard to get a hold of, but this place is run by the same guys that ran Cibon and Java's, so you should recognize a few familiar faces and the aloof attitude from a couple of the staff members.  Attitudes aside, I've always had a positive experience at Good Luck.  The house-made cavatelli is always a good choice, and the waitstaff is always able to recommend a good wine pairing (a real plus in my book). Sure, the major cities may have "better" offerings, but you know what, Good Luck really stands on it's own.  As a native Rochesterian living in NYC eating at some of the finest restaurants on the East Coast, I believe that Good Luck is a great addition to Rochester's food scene and a much needed venue in this neighborhood.  If I moved back to Rochester tomorrow, I could eat here and not feel like I was missing out on the big city food scene, and that says a lot.
My brother in law took us all out here when him and his girlfriend came home to visit. I had never been here before. First glance at the menu and I didn't really have a clue what any of the stuff was. And I'm a pretty picky eater, I don't like to try new food very often.  We had a really big group, about 18. So we got to try everything on the menu. I was very happy by the end. Service was fantastic, food was amazing. The only criticism I have is its very pricy, and they don't have very much on the menu. But overall I would recommend trying it out, it's different than any other restaurant in Rochester.
Love the environment there. Great for group gathering. It's really loud there, but the noise is very enjoyable. The foods are very good. I would give them 4 stars for this.
What can I say about Good Luck? It's pricy, it's pretentious and you know what... It's damn good. The atmosphere is a little trendy but still cool. The food is quite good but the menu is seasonal. Many of the things I have loved the most have come and gone from the menu. Change is good! Where Good Luck truly stands out is in their signature cocktails. Some are experimental and worth a try like the Electric Relaxation or the Paper Tiger. They also standout with well made classics like the French 75. The beer selection is actually not bad. They normally have Rohrbach on tap and a few surprises like Hitachino.
I had a great meal here! We started with the meat/cheese plate, which I would definitely recommend. They select something for everyone--strong cheeses, creamy cheeses, and many different styles of charcuterie. Everything we shared was wonderful. Standouts for me were the bibb lettuce salad and the orecchiette pasta, which I think had a rabbit ragu sauce. The burger was only ok....it was slightly overcooked. the fries were very good though. And, the drink list was great. Though I am normally a beer drinker, there were a number of awesome cocktails that I am glad I explored. I forget the names, but the one with tea and whiskey and the spicy taquila based were particular favorites. Next time I am in Rochester I will definitely be back.
We had another excellent meal at Good Luck last night.  When I wake up thinking about the previous evenings dinner I know it was a great one. After the gay pride parade and festival (on a very HOT day) we went directly to Good Luck without a reservation on a Saturday!  We were immediately seated at a great table and we began to check out the menu which changes often. We started with the small charcuterie plate, ($15), it was good but I am spoiled by Dano's Heuriger on Seneca Lake, his meats are amazing, these were good. I did love the fruit jam whatever it was and the accompanying bread was tasty too. We shared two plates after that, the AMAZING burger and fries ($18) wow, I have not had a burger this good in YEARS.  It was quartered, the meat was juicy, it was a perfect MR and the fries were so freaking good, double fried, they were like crispy bits of heaven.  The burger is served on a big wooden cutting board and the accompanying squeeze bottle of sauce was an unexpected surprise. Then came the Arctic Char tacos ($18).......shut up.  These stole the show and made it onto the list of epic dishes.  These tacos were stuffed full of delicious, fresh and tasty Char and delicious guacamole with cilantro and onions. They were served with a very interesting white bean mash,  I was speechless.  I was delighted.  I felt lucky to be eating such a great meal and I was the one paying. I highly recommend Good Luck to anyone who loves a great looking, casual restaurant with delicious comforting food.
I've lived in several large cities and eaten at many delicious restaurants all over the world and I enjoy Good Luck. Comparing it to a 5-star NYC restaurant with food prepared by a world-class chef is not appropriate and if you go into dining there with that attitude you may be disappointed. I personally found the food good - the corn ice cream was superb and the french fries with the bourbon ketchup were fantastic. I also enjoy the homage to the classic cocktails on their drink menu and the decor is great. The service is slow unless you sit at the bar and I think the food can be over-priced, but if you want slowfood, organic it's pricey. Overall I've had a great experience every time I've been there and I think it's affordable for what they provide. I'm not sure I get some of these scathing reviews because I've always enjoyed going there. Also, Rochester is a developing city with much to be desired as far as interesting establishments and Good Luck and Lento are the best I've experienced. For all the people comparing this to their fantastic experiences eating at world-class restaurants get off your high horse and stop with the snobbery. If you eat here bring friends, have fun, and enjoy! It's fun and charming. Also get a Gimlet.
Good. Luck. Burger. Amazing, delicious. Do NOT share it!
An Industrial vintage interior with chill mood lighting. Each drink and dish is made with seasonal farm fresh ingredients. I recommend the pepperonchini salad and fried chicken. The burger is quite a sight and is good to share. For a drink, try the French 77!
The newest joint in town. From the makers and supporters of Java's Coffee bring you GOOD LUCK. This place is solid gold. Amazing bar (beautiful, delicious, and welcoming), delicious food, and a great venue. Classy, relaxed and fun try something different!
Really good. Whoever said Rochester doesn't have good food, apparently never actually dined around the area at all! Good Luck has really great food, and I went there awhile ago, so I don't quite remember all the dishes we got, but the one that sticks out in my mind was the Blueberry Clafoutis. It's a cobbler type dish, served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream...definitely disappeared within a few minutes. The dishes are all served family style, so, something to keep in mind. Great wine selection as well! Oh, and it wasn't AS expensive as I thought it was going to be--we got 1 salad, 3 main dishes, 3 desserts, and a bottle of wine between 4 people, and we each spent about $45, including tip. Not bad!
A perfect place for both a date night or drinks with friends. They have some excellent craft cocktails and a unique seasonal menu. I love the chic warehouse-style layout and how the industrial decor is complimented by soft touches like candlelight and fresh flowers. Their shoe string fries are my favorite and their sea salt chocolate ice cream (when you can get it) is so delicious I dream about it!
This place was delicious!!!! We had the cheeseburger, lamb, lentils,fish...so good!!!
It is hard not to like Good Luck, even if they are always full, never return your calls (why ask you to leave a message) and a bit hit and miss. The place is taken out of East Village, and probably has the only swanky/young'ish crowd in Rochester (Next Door is another). The food really is good, the atmosphere lively and young, they always have plenty of parking which is a plus. The dishes are quite original and well presented, but nothing like Michelin star as one review talked about..not sure where he got that from. Coctails have a kick and once you get a seat the service is good, decor stands apart in any city, really cool. They even have the odd "game" on the menu - I enjoyed the rabbitt. Great place for a romantic dinner date, then head to the bar - warm atmosphere and pleasant lighting. It works !
3 of us ordered for dinner: -Salade Niçoise -Chickpea tagliatelle with eggplant "meatballs" -Chicken under a brick with goat cheese gnocchi and peas -3 scoops of ice cream -2 glasses of ginger tonic; 1 glass of organic iced tea Total bill: $68 before tip Overall, we were impressed by the quality of the food, although the savoury dishes were salted a little too heavily for my taste. We were stuffed after, although we weren't immensely hungry to begin because we had had a heavy lunch. I think if we were really hungry, we would have had to order two additional plates or so. What I liked best about this restaurant is that nothing we ordered tasted like it came from a can. Heirloom cherry/grape tomatoes were used for the salad. The tagliatelle was delicious, you could tell it was handmade because it didn't have the dried pasta texture, but it wasn't mushy like some fresh pastas are sometimes. The chicken was juicy. The one food "failure" had to be the red curry and coconut ice cream (though it was still better than the olive oil ice cream I had once elsewhere). The service was pretty good, no complaints there. I have a personal preference for restaurants that are lit well enough for me to see the colour of the food; this was a little too dark (I think the baby tomatoes were supposed to be pretty colours, but I'm not sure).
Mmmmm, so impressed! I went here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend and we had a great experience. Since it was Thursday, we brought our own bottle of wine & split a salad and hamburger--HIGHLY recommend the burger. Ketchup is made with mayo and brandy. Very friendly waitstaff and quick service. The atmosphere is really fun too. Nice place to go with a group of people so you can all split & taste the dishes. Well done!
Fantastic food, fantastic service, excellent ambience. A favorite for my wife and i ... we held a private party here as well and the service was impeccable. Rochester, NY is lucky to have one of the best restaurants around. I'd put this up against any NYC restaurant ... any day.
What a neat restaurant. Very large warehouse type of space, unique for Rochester. Great cocktail menu, the wine selection is also very good. i would definitely go for the Justin Cab next time. The food while not really Tapas is meant to be shared. We started with a nice selection of cheese and meets, served with a delicious pickled Fennel. Then the Chopped salad had a really nice combination of super fresh greens and nuts. For dinner we shared Squid and Stripped Sea Bass. The Bass was awesome, cooked perfectly with a nice salty flavor. The Squid was very tender, served in a romanesco sauce with house made chorizo. The service was very good and the atmosphere while not romantic was very cool. On the way out i saw a whole roast chicken, this will definitely be on my plate for the next visit.
I came to Rochester on business, and asked where I should eat. What do I have to say about Good Luck? You MUST take a trip to Rochester and eat here! In one dinner, it swooped in and usurped the "favorite restaurant" spot on my personal list. The wait staff was friendly, the owner Mike is wonderfully nice, and the food...I did little happy dances in my chair, hummed happy food songs under my breath, and when I got to the car, I laughed out loud! That's an amazing dinner! (and because I know you want to know...the song was something like, "mmm, mmmm, mmmmmmm, I love my food, mmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmmmmm, gnocchi are round and yummy, mmmm, mmmmm, mmmmmm, people are starting to look at me so I'm going to shut up and cram more of this yummy beef shank in my mouth, mmmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmmmm....")
Hubby and I came here for an early dinner. Nice atmosphere- laid-back and slightly rustic. We ordered the spiced cauliflower salad, which was interesting and tasty, and the smoked BBQ plate. We especially enjoyed the ribs and salmon. The white pizza was ok- could have used more toppings. For dessert, we had the apple granola crisp a la mode. Overall, great place in Rochester for good food and drinks. Early reservations required if you are looking to dine on a weekend!
This review is long over-due.  We have visited Good Luck several times and it totally filled our desires to visit a trendy Brooklyn NY restaurant (which we miss by the way). The interior, decor, and ambiance are wonderful.  The open-style kitchen is also great! You will have to try braised oxtail w/ tripe, lentil soup and of course the Good Luck Burger!! Enjoy!
Love this place. The cocktails are superb. They have my favorite manhattan in Rochester. The open ambience, friendly staff and well  fitted music selection all come together to give you a great place to relax and unwind.
Good Luck has some good things going for it: the space is chic, the menu is inventive, the craft cocktails are unique and often well-executed, and the staff gives excellent service for private room dinners (including creativity and flexibility in menu planning). The restaurant's shortcomings are few: their interpretation of classic cocktails is lacking or inconsistent, burgers should never be grossly oversized and hacked up for sharing, and they don't publicize their special events well so I always miss them (much to my regret).
"Good luck" ever trying to get a table. Fun bar area. Hostesses are always un-accommodating. If you ever get a table you will find the food to be decent tasting but always overpriced.
I could probably write about how amazing this restaurant is for days!! The food, the variety, the quality, the service... All absolutely excellent!!! We went with a large group and were able to taste a large variety of food: monk fish cheeks, wild boar, pizza, lentils, haricots verts, the lamb stew... Even the simple mixed greens were absolutely divine! I am hungry just thinking about it!! Go and check it out, you'll thank me later ;)
We went as a group of five.  Ordered a wide variety of food, like squid tentacles, the good luck burger, board noodles with rabbit, grilled asparagus, and a few others.  Everything was delicious, every scrap was consumed, and we left a little room for some desserts, which were exceptional as well.   Everything here is meant to be shared, and it comes out of the kitchen when it's ready, so just be prepared for that.   Also, plan ahead.  I have tried to go back again twice, but both times couldn't bear the wait time (1 1/2 hours).  It's great that they are popular.  Hopefully they will be around for a long time.
Medium size type tapas - with a bit of an Italian touch. Absolutely delicious. Braised oxtail with tripe: First rate. Grilled cauliflowers .. also excellent. a whole bunch of other plates - all of which were great. the wine was outstanding. This is among the very best restaurants I have been to in the last year.
I had the red lentil dish which was delicious (5 out of 5). It consisted of red lentils, small cubes of sweet potato, spinach and agave in some sauce and it had a slightly sweet, slightly spicy taste. I couldn't identify all of the flavors but it was really delicious and well worth coming for. I also ordered the handmade pasta with tomatoes, bread crumb, and ricotta cheese. The handmade pasta was delicious and you could definitely tell that it was made by a person (not in a factory). The bread crumbs added a nice little crunch but I have to admit I wasn't so crazy about the flavor of this dish. It was a bit salty, a bit "oily". The flavor was nothing remarkable. Aside from the pasta itself, the portion size was just right to either eat as an individual meal or to share with others. Overall, I would give this restaurant 3.5 out of 5. The food was tasty and of high quality; the portion sizes were reasonable; the prices were fair; and the atmosphere was very nice (my only complaint being that there was so much noise that it was sometimes very difficult to hear my dining companion talk).
The food and the environment are always excellent. My favorites are always the rabbit dishes. Although the bartenders may get behind from time to time, the restaurant service is very efficient.
RUDE & UNACCOMMODATING TO MY PREGNANT WIFE!   I chose Good Luck out of all the upscale dining spots in Rochester to bring my boss (from out of town) and wife (6 months pregnant) to celebrate a special occasion.  I've dined here well over a dozen times and the place always has great food and atmosphere but we've found the service to highly disappoint about 50% of the time.  For some reason I keep coming back hoping for a better experience that will match the food but I've now given up... here's why: We arrived for our reservation and the host showed us to what appeared to be a 2 Top with 3 chairs and the table was pushed up next to a support beam.  My wife politely asked him if we could sit at one of the empty 4 Tops, and he rudely replied: "those tables are reserved only for parties of 4".  They way he said it made us feel like we weren't good enough for a bigger table.  So as we sat around our cramped table we witnessed several of these 4 Tops fill up with parties of 3!!!!  There was even a family of 4 sitting at a giant 8 person table next to us!  Not to mention, the table was too small to allow us to enjoy the "family style" dining theme as we could barely fit 2 dishes on the table and I couldn't even pull my chair all the way up to the table.  We were constantly juggling our dishes and trying to clear room for the next plate that arrived - it was disruptive and felt like work through the entire dinner. To top it all off, the waiter spilled a lot of my drink on me and my wife, and my boss's drink on him!  To be fair that was an accident and the waiter was apologetic and did a good job overall - but it just added to the discomfort. So we left dinner smelling like Jack Daniels and a Manhattan, still hungry as we would have ordered more food but weren't comfortable and didn't have room on the table even if we did order more. I was going to bring my wife to the upcoming Napa table dinner event there for our anniversary - NOT ANY MORE. My office frequently goes here for happy hour - NOT ANY MORE. I typically recommend Good Luck to foodies and out-of-towners and most anyone looking for a great meal - NOT ANY MORE. I'm disappointed and still in shock at how we were treated when we made such a simple request.  We made the best of the experience but a day later I still can't get over how a nice restaurant like this could provide such poor service in such a memorably rude way. SO I WISH YOU GOOD LUCK (EVER GETTING MY BUSINESS AGAIN).
The bar is fine and usually always crowded.  But that's the only part of Good Luck I enjoy.  That's not to say the food is bad, it's very good and prepared well but they are way, way overpriced. It's about value, and Good Luck does not offer value in any sense.  Service as well is spotty - not the waiters fault but that of the kitchen and their approach to family style dining. An example.  Braised beef and greens with Gnocchi last evening.  It was overcooked but not exceptionally so.  But $21?  That's NYC prices.  And for serving food "family style" these are tapas-sized portions.  The Gnocchi was barely appropriately sized for a single serving according to culinary standards.  Any other restaurant would give you twice as much and include 1 or 2 sides.  For $21, you received a plate of Gnocchi 6" across.  Most terribly disappointing. The Salmon riellettes were good as well but a very small appetizer at $12 and it would serve only 1.  The portions here used to be bigger and their were many more options at smaller prices but what they've done now is include a dozen "family style items no the menu at $20 to $29 that really are single portion items with no sides.   I had another reviewer challenge me on this one noting that perhaps they should be given credit for trying something adventurous.  Yes, but they're not the only one doing this in town and they are a pale comparison compared to Warfields.  Four small toast points and five 1" round chips to dip into the mousse?  I ended up eating the mousse by itself because they don't provide bread.   I was questioned at some length today by someone who questioned whether I had experience in restaurant management and should give a break to the owners of Good Luck who have to balance food costs and quality.  Yes, the quality of the food is good and preparation is well done but to call it meticulous is a gross overstatement.  Frankly,  I am amazed at the reviews I see here.  They appear to be a lot of young ladies who obviously are not paying for their food.  What an overpriced place to go.   $13 for a pizza that is half the size you'll find anywhere else (8-9")?  Yes, it's good, once again I have to give kudos to both the white pizza (that's white as in an egg on top) but you have Tony D's and others that put out an equally good pizza at the same price that will feed two.  Calling this a "family dish" that can be shared.  What are these people thinking?  The more I rer-read and edit this review the more I'm amazed at the crowd that will pay these prices and eat this food.  And I've done it several times now.  Eating out is indeed expensive and most people have to be judicious in where they spend their dollars.  Good Luck, in my opinion, is not the place to do that.  The atmosphere is casual but because of how they work the dishses in the kitchen, how your food is presented and when is haphazard.  Is that how you want to entertain your date?  I think not.  To have that presented to me as some sort of special event begs reason.  An elegant meal requires more polish both in service, restaurant decor, and in presentation and it's just not here. Just to show you that other reviews are not correct, the whole roasted chicken is $29, not $22.  And more often than not, you won't find it on the menu as they run out (we've had that experience 3 times out of 7 including last evening) and had to wait half an hour on another occasion. My advice is that you very carefully consider the comments you see from others.  Take a look at their other reviews and the language they use.  With few exceptions, I don't think it's a sophisticated palate they bring to the table..  Yes, the burgers are great but at $18 each, you can get two excellent burgers at The Gate House right around the corner and leave much more satisfied with more $ in your pocket.  I'm sorry James, you may be the exception here but I still disagree with your assessment of Good Luck. As I said before, a lot of the comments are from people who are not from Rochester.  I'm pleased that they appreciate what we have to offer here as this is a good restaurant but they obviously don't know of all of the other little hidden gems we have that also offer excellent food at much more reasonable prices (Warfields, Tony D's, Osteria Rocco, Rio Bamba, etc.).  I hate to say it, but after eating here six or seven times, this will be our last visit for some time to come until they tackle this menu issue.  It's a great bar and a fun place, but not worth the agonizing time you wait for dishes to arrive and the pricey check you're left with.
I've been waiting to update my review because everytime I think about it, I just wonder what terrible things happened to me at work the day I gave Good Luck only 3 stars. It's actually 4.5. Let's be honest, I love Good Luck. I LOVE the Good Luck Burger. Given the choice of any place in Rochester to go for a cocktail and a snack - if money were not an issue - I'd choose Good Luck over just about every other place. The bartenders are upbeat and talented and the mixed drink quality is often better than the food. I love the font of the menus...I'm such a typology freak. I've tried to decorate my loft with the same industrial-restored vintage theme. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of little things here and there that are somewhat inconsistent -- the food can be hit-or-miss. It's generally quite good, but sometimes the portions are smaller than they should be and it feels like poor value for money. I still feel that the selections offered on the menu are somewhat limiting as stated in my original review. These would be my main quibbles. Otherwise, it's a fabulous place. Beware, it's uncomfortably crowded on the weekends in the winter!
We had a huge group of consultants that were there for numerous projects.  There was something for everyone!  They constantly had different people bringing food and drinks, so no waiting on anything.  Our bill was around $1,000, but we had drinks, 16 people and swear we ordered at least one of everything!  Great food, great service, and a must see if in Rochester, NY.
I have to write an update solely to address Brian M.'s review. I have never been one to bash another person's opinion but his review literally makes no sense. If you can't tell that Good Luck uses fresh ingredients and makes everything from scratch, YOU SHOULDN'T BE EATING HERE! You pay a premium for the quality here. Sure, any restaurant can go buy pre-made gnocchi and throw in some frozen beef, add garlic, and charge $10 for it, but Good Luck doesn't do that. If you can't tell the difference in taste of home made quality food, then eat at Applebee's, shop at Walmart, and don't take up space at Good Luck, its already too packed all the time from all the guests who truly enjoy and value the amazing food that they produce. I was at Good Luck again last night and truly had the most amazing time, as I always do.
The atmosphere is very friendly and invitingly warm...the kitchen is visible if you would like to ck in on them... we were seated after a drink at the bar and the menu provides a great selection of wonderful foods... I had the tripe that reminded me of my Grandmother's, a flashback over 30 years... absolutely great , we shared a fish dish special ...the fish was like butter done perfection ... a nice salad at the end, Italian style... I would recommend the place for drinks, a burger one pound treat or anything yummy off the menu...
I freaking love this place! I have been here a total of 4 times, twice for full on dinner, and twice for snacks and cocktails. The ambiance of this place was described by my mother as shabby chic. The interior looks like an old factory with warm creamy lighting, vintage furniture and cool lighting fixtures. My only complaint is that for the price of the food, good luck should use better silverware. Overall the ambiance is cool, retro, and charming. The clientele at good luck has been pretty much the same every time I've been there. Basically they are out of the "stuff white people like" blog. The crowd seems to be a mix of 20s to 50s professionals. The crowd is pretty attractive and dresses well. I always make sure to look halfway decent when I go here. Over all it is the most "yuppie" places I know of in Rochester. There is usually at least one cool vintage Porsche or Mercedes parked outside. Drinks- Good luck has some of the best cocktails I've ever had in my life. They are expertly made, and use really cool almost perfectly cubic ice cubes. So far I've had a Negroni, A Last Word, A Corpse Reviver, and Several Knock on Woods. The Knock on Wood is by far my favorite and one of the best drinks I've ever had. Drinks run from $8-10 which seems pricey for Rochester, but are actually a great value considering what you get. On a side note Rhorbach Scotch ales are $4. Service- Every time I have been here, the service has been excellent. The waitstaff have always been helpful in making decisions. they are never over bearing and are casual enough to keep with atmosphere, but really know how to do their jobs. The food- Since I have been here so many times, I have been able to sample a large variety of their foods. I know their menu changes quite frequently, but I'll give a quick review of what I can remember Fennel Sausage with figs- AMAZING! Loved it, ordered it three times. I was so excited eating it I bit on my fork and chipped my tooth! Roast chicken- An entire roast chicken. Very good, and a good value compared to the rest of the menu items. Cheese platter- I am a sucker for cheese platters. I know they make about 600% profit on these things but this one was really tasty. Mixed green salad- good but nothing mind blowing. Cold Roast beef thing with tomatoes- Good if not a little pricey. Roast beef was so tender despite being lean that it was creamy. Pizza- Snatched a slice from my friend. It was good, much like any other good pizza you could get. I know I have ordered other food here, I just cannot remember specifically what. Overall the food is very good however it is kind of expensive. Conclusion- Good Luck is a great place. Its great for dates, large dinners with friends and family, or just to get a snack and cocktail. The ambiance and crowd is a little yuppie, but over all is very pleasant. In addition I have had some very memorable and delicious food and drinks here which is really what good dining is all about!
I have been waiting to review Good Luck Restaurant because I haven't been able to find the words to describe how much I love this place. Good Luck was born in 2008 in the old Fabrics and Findings building in Rochester's Village Gate Plaza. Since its opening I have attended countless birthday parties and happy hours, special events and numerous dinners. Each experience is better than the last and every time I go I wonder how can they top themselves again? There is something very special about the space the Good Luck occupies. Aside from the fact that it's somewhat recycled it is beautifully renovated. High ceilings, exposed brick, weathered floors, rustic chandeliers and even some taxidermy (tastefully done, as a vegetarian I'm not even offended).  Imagine Pittsford Dairy Farm had a baby with Pottery Barn, a la Good Luck! A large bar occupies most of the front room but leaves ample space to gather with friends. The dining room is set behind the bar space and is arranged family style. Tables are set with different chairs, fresh flowers and cloth napkins. Chef Dan Martello has created a menu that combines comfort food with high end entrees, everything from the Good Luck Burger and fries to Octopus a La Plancha. The menu changes so be sure to check it out online. My favorites include the Roasted Mushroom Salad, Ricotta Gnocchi and of course the Shoe String French Fries. When ordering the french fries it is imperative to ask for the "special sauce," a blend of ketchup, mayonnaise and bourbon- perfection! Perhaps this is a little over zealous of me, but I have to credit Good Luck for bringing the cocktail to Rochester. Sure you could get a Mojito at Mex or a Manhattan at Murphy's Law but they wouldn't compare. Good Luck's cocktail menu is extensive, the bar tenders make each drink carefully and with every attention to detail.  My favorites include the Gilded Ricky, The Legerdemain and of course the French 75 (Champagne is a girls best friend). Since Good Luck's inception, at least 3 restaurants that offer the same type of drink menu come to mind, Zeppa, Cure & Cheshire. Things to note about Good Luck: Good Luck is a "family style" restaurant so be ready to share the deliciousness. The kitchen is open late (until midnight) so swing in for a late night pizza after a movie or a show at the Auditorium Theater.  There is no corkage fee on Thursday nights!!  Don't forget to grab a box of Good Luck matches before you leave Dress up. The crowd is a mix of young professionals and Rochester business owners; you only get one change to make a first impression ;) Owner Charles Cerankosky didn't need luck when he opened this restaurant. His clever design and Mr. Martello's menu were a guaranteed home run for Good Luck.
My husband and I went on a date here a couple of weeks ago (our first date away from our 3 year old since we moved here in May).  It was delicious!  Everything about this place is unique.  The exterior, the open and exposed interior, the reclaimed tables, recycled chairs and silverware.  It's dimly lit which lends to a romantic setting.  It can get loud though once the crowd starts to show up.   It is explained to you that the meals are served "family style".  I'm not entirely sure I would agree with that.  The salad...sure.  Our braised short rib...not so much.  I mean we DID share it, but it was truly enough for one person.  Portion size aside...it was delicious!  Melt in your mouth type of good!  Homemade vanilla bean ice cream... divine... and oh my lawd (said in my country southern belle accent) the molten chocolate cake...the richest tasting dessert I have ever had. I'm also impressed with the amount of fresh and local produce, meat and cheeses they use.  Kudos to them on keeping it local! Side note(s): it is rather pricey so bring your fattest wallet and their menu changes with the season.
Popped in for a drink as I heard that their drinks were very good.  Good luck getting to the bar!  Obviously a very popular place on a Saturday night and the drink was good but I think Revelery is better.  Ran into some friends that were waiting for a table but they gave up.  Good luck getting a table on the weekend.  Cool ambiance, good mix of people.  A little loud, but what crowded place isn't.  I will try to go back earlier in the day or on a weekday to really check it out and check out the food.
I ate at Good Luck recently, and left extremely pleased.  My friend and I arrived shortly after 8pm and the hostess told us the wait would be an hour to an hour and 15 minutes.  That was certainly fine, we wanted a slow relaxed evening, and I was very pleased that I was provided with a realistic and accurate time until seating.  Anyway, we went to the bar and had some wine while we waited.  The hostess then came to find us and we were shown to our seats.  Our waiter was prompt, knowledgeable, funny, and cute--we ordered the house wine (which, was good, unlike some places tend to be), and for food we ordered a charcuterie plate, the trio of crostini, the house cut french fries with three sauces, and the goat cheese gnocchi.  All of the food was absolutely amazing.  Combined with the wine, and the atmosphere (albeit a little noisy), Good Luck is certainly a great establishment.  This restaurant certainly earned it's 5 stars--it is probably the best dining experience I have had anywhere in a long while.  I ranked it as three $'s, but you could get away spending a little less and still be just as satisfied--we drank a lot of wine and had four dishes and could have gotten away with three dishes (note that I'm not giving up any of the wine!).   I look forward to visiting Good Luck again, trying different dishes, and maybe adding some dessert to the mix.
Good luck shakes it up! Great scene - fantastic bar - really good food.
I love this place. I have only come here for drinks and some snacks at the bar though. I agree with everyone that it is pricey, but I am willing to pay for the quality of both the product and the service, as well as the ambience. This place gets crowded so I would recommend reservations way in advance, unless you want to fight for a seat at the bar. I am yet to have something here that I do not enjoy!
Perhaps the best meal I've enjoyed in Rochester.  I went with a group of 4 people and the portions were perfect for sharing!  We ordered four mains including the carrot salad, gnocchi, boar sausage, and hamburger.  Everything was delicious!  Well, no one was overly impressed with the desserts, though the goat cheese cheesecake was awesome.  Great decor, ambiance, service, and food.  Love this place and can't wait to go back!
food was great. definitely good for group since you can easily taste everything that's brought to the table as long as your friends don't mind. casual atmosphere. waitress might have been having a bad night. attitude right off the bat.
My ABSOLUTE favorite restaurant in Rochester. I love their foods, the staff, the decor basically everything. My boyfriend took me their when we first move to Rochester and I fell in love. Their decor is very unique and urban. Their foods is FANTASTIC. Everything is fresh and locally brought. Their waiters are super helpful and polite. They are a little pricey but I think it is worth the money.
Don't miss this truly unique experience. Fantastic food, atmosphere, and service. Relaxed atmosphere is intentional and enjoyable. High maintenance customers will be happier at Applebee's - personable foodies will love this place. Perfect, well done to the founders.
The decor and vibe at this place it so great. I have been a lot of places and this feels like a Chicago steak house with New Orleans class. I would never go to such a nice place sit down, with a well made drink and order a burger. But I did! The burger was the BEST gourmet burger I have ever had. It didn't need anything on it. Not even a spot of ketchup. Truly worth ever penny. Go here, you'll love it!
I can't believe I waited so long to try Good Luck! The atmosphere is fun, kind of a vintage industrial feel. The service was great. We had some delicious cocktails that were different without sacrificing taste. The carrot salad was brightly flavored with a delicious dressing. It was fun to share dishes so we could try a few different things. The gnocchi was flavorful and delicious, and the smokehouse platter was excellent. I'd highly recommend this restaurant! I can't wait to go back.
An open haiku to Good Luck: Good Luck for the fools who hate their good money too long for burger
Great atmosphere.  Great cocktails.  My favorite Sazerac yet.  The burger is excellent.  Grass fed tastiness.  Also had a bite of my friends Soft Shell Crap sandwhich.  Delicious.  Open late, which in Rochester, is a big plus.
This is a fun place.  From the outside it looks like the old paper mill (?) that carried this corner of town for the last several generations but on the inside, there's a certain trendy & colonial feel about the place.  As an out-of-towner, I certainly get the impression that this is a pretty hip location for the locals to frequent adding to the dining experience. Wine list was extremely affordable and interesting.  Not counting the Captain's Book, the standard list offered some 40 wines from around the world both by the glass and by the bottle.  The same Chianti Classico that I see and drink in D.C. for $50 is on their list for $36. The food is served in "home-style" fashion meaning that you share plates with those at the table.  There's a stout selection of dishes to choose from and my companion and I were blessed with a server that was really on his game - knew what he was trying to say both in-and-out and wasn't pushy in getting us to dine on his selections. All in all, I hope to one day find a place like this back in D.C....
Went here with my parents and boyfriend this past Saturday night! Was disappointed to not be able to get a dinner reservation here, so we planned to just get some drinks and appetizers at the bar. This place did not disappoint! The drinks had fresh ingredients, were innovative, and were presented well. We also ordered the fried bologna as an appetizer to share. It came out as a sandwich, which was surprising to us, but it was delicious. We really enjoyed the ambiance of this place as well and would love to come back to try some more of the food. We were disappointed that the Lunchbox drink wasn't available! I was also a bit disappointed that the bartenders weren't a bit more knowledgeable about the cocktails as this place is known for having craft cocktails, but everything we ordered was delicious and I would definitely go back here, especially for the happy hour!
We went there for a late girls' night out dinner (they were booked until 9:30pm, but we did not give them any notice, we called that evening for a table).  I was in from out of town and found the place fun (people were haning out in groups by the large square bar in the middle of the space) as well as appealing (tables were laid out around the bar area and the space was adorned with both some industrial touches as well as some warm ones, such as wood floors, rustic tables, soft lighting). We had some lovely wine and tried the gnocchi with beets (divine, luscious, velvety), the Good Luck Burger (nice fries, huge, they cut in four for us to be able to share), and the garlic potato flatbread (pungent, salty, yummy). I docked them a start for being out of a bunch of items (though maybe the food is all prepared with fresh ingredients so when it's gone, it's really gone)
Good Luck is my #1 dining and bar choice in all of Rochester.  The food, cocktails and atmosphere are a sure bet to never disappoint.  If it's my choice for a date or a girl's night out, we will be sitting at the bar at Good Luck.  The cocktail's are made better than anywhere else with the freshest ingredients and you can taste the difference!    The beautiful, tall brunette bartender that has been there forever is the absolute best.  She's knowledgeable, efficient, and has such a cool attitude that heightens the experience every time!  I would definitely recommend to anyone!
Good Luck is a popular hang out spot for the young professionals, adorned with simple but chic decorations and dimmed lighting to create a warm ambiance. Over the weekends it can get extremely crowded, especially the bar area, which can cause an unusually loud atmosphere, but the place is worth a visit. The menu changes frequently and the food selections are always unique with small portions meant to be shared which offers the chance to taste multiple dishes in one sitting. The cocktails are always delicious, as well, and well presented with sliced star fruits and other delightful treats.
This is the best restaurant in the world.  Literally.  I travel to Rochester every two weeks and I go to Good Luck every time I come into town.  Good Luck is such a wonderful restaurant I plan my business meetings around the restaurant.    I absolutely love love love the food, the service, the kitchen, the people.  Truly- this is a world-class restaurant.  I've not had a better experience, be it New York, Chicago, London, Paris, anywhere.
Went back last night for date night. As usual had a great meal and a great time. Avoided the bar as much as possible because of the brunette who needs a new attitude. Good Luck we love you. But snap into reality and fix the bar staff!
This was a hard one to rate.  The food itself is amazing, everything I ate was mouth watering.  Still, don't be fooled when they say their plates are huge thats why they are made for sharing.  The plates are tiny, you would need 2 - 3 plates if you were eating alone.  When they say a table of 4 should order 5 plates, well order 7.  I left starving, our group ordered 5 plates and 2 deserts.  The desert for 4 people to share was one extra small scoop of ice cream cost $5. It is very busy and a strong hipster atmosphere.  If you go on thursday you can bring your own wine for free. The service was good and the food tasted great, the little you get that is. All this being said i will go again but only with my gf not as a group and only to try their burger that looked amazing and it was enough to actually fill me.
Easily the best restaurant in Rochester.  It's set in the middle of what looks like a neighborhood and is a bit hard to find at first but the interior is beautiful.  The drinks at the bar and the bartenders do a great job mixing up some options that you dont find in many places.  The bar has everything you can thing of, and some pretty good beers as well.  The food is what sets this place apart from the rest.  The Good Luck Burger may be the best burger I've ever eaten.  Very fresh ingredients and very good service make for a great visit each and every time.
