I've been going to Ali baba since 2004 when I was in college.  Every Friday after Prayer in the mosque we always went there for lunch. Best fresh cooked food around.  I would recommend Chicken Curry for those inclined to spicy. I would recommend Chicken iskender for those who want curry but not spicy. Of course the lavash bread is unforgettable and could be enough as a meal.
When I left Delaware, I thought I would not find another Ali Baba with good food. Well I was wrong, and found one in the Capital District! I've never been to a Turkish restaurant that is also a pizzeria. The place does not have much decor, but it has a few designs on the wall. It has a fast casual feel to it. There is a wide selection of dishes on the menu. I started with a hot mint tea, which is my go to drink at any Turkish/Middle Eastern restaurant. However, this is the first time I've seen the tea bag left in the cup. Before this, I thought the tea was made fresh or it was the loose tea. Now i know it's just a regular tea bag. For my meal, I had the lamb shish kebob. I was with two other people, and they ordered the chicken filet with cheese and the adana kabob. However, before we received a humongous  piece of bread. From reading other reviews, I understand this type of bread is called lavash. We were very surprised when this came to the table. The waiter just left it with two dipping sauces; I think it was taziki sauce. The lavash was so delicious! We could not stop eating it. Our dishes were good as well. The lamb was good, but some of the pieces were a little hard. The adana kabob was very tasty. The chicken was okay, but did not like there was cheese on it. Each dish came with rice and a mixture of onions and radishes/red cabbage, and slice of green pepper. The one food I regret not trying was the baklava.I will have to go back in the near future to try their version of this pastry. If you are looking for great Middle Eastern food that's not too far from Albany, come to Troy and give this place a try.
It was my first time tasting turkish food. Heard a lot about lavash bread here. Its basically tastes like bread sticks but thin structure. But attractive thing about lavash bread is, its literally served freshed from oven. The oven is right in front of you. And also, it is served with yummy yogurt sauce. A worth try. The drink- Aryan is basically plain buttermilk. Main course was OK. Red sauce on most of chicken dishes tasted mostly like marinara sauce. One thing I absolutely did not like is, there is not even a single word description of dishes on the menu. They just have photos.
This place is awesome. The appetizers with the lavosh are so good. All of the entrees are wonderful. I wish it were closer,  but probably good that it isn't. We will be back many times.
This is the place to go for good Turkish food. They just completed renovations on the facade and the interior. Despite the surly wait staff and language barrier the food is outstanding. They carry a wide range of foods that include vegetarian selections. Don't be afraid to be adventurous here. Every one of their dishes are excellent. Do yourself a favor and start off with the Turkish bread known as lavash. It's a light and airy bread that puffs up like a balloon in the oven. It comes out piping hot with a side of yogurt dip. It's am amazing way to start your journey. Just don't fill up on it. You want to save room for your dinner. This place is a hidden treasure in Troy.
Oh my. This is my 5th Mediterranean restaurant I've been too in the capital district and it is absolutely the best in the area. Geez, it was sooo delicious that I'll probably go back tomorrow. I had the lamb shish. It comes with pickled cabbage, pickled onions, grilled bell pepper, grilled tomato, nicely quickly sticky rice, and flavored lamb chunks (obviously). They served it with lavish bread and a lemon yogurt sauce. We asked for some type of hot spice to add and they gave us some type of pickled crushed red pepper sauce - perfect. I'm hungry all over again.
We stopped in for a quick bite. My vegetable Iskender was delicious. Can't wait to try the baklava we got to go!
I've been back many times and it never disappoints.   The appetizer sampler platter is a must try.
My boyfriend and I are new to the area and relied on Yelp reviews for tonight's dinner plans. We are glad we did! If this place were closer to home I'd likely make it my dining room before long. I was nervous because the humble decor bordered on dirty, and the salt shaker crossed that line! However, the food prep area was open and clean with a casual family feel. When the food arrived much of our skepticism evaporated as we filled our bellies! Three cheers, two thumbs up and one very happy couple.
I'm basking in the warmth of Ali Baba leftovers while I write this, so excuse me if I'm glowing.  I usually get takeout from this place, so I can't speak to the service.  The times I have dined in, it's been fine and I had nothing to complain about.  Foodwise, this place is five stars, absolutely. I will say that getting takeout denies you the pleasure of the full lavash experience.  They'll give you nice, fresh, warm pita if you get takeout, but it's completely unlike the huge, magical, puffy  bread you will get eating in the restaurant.  My wife and I will frequently get the large dip platter, which is the perfect accompaniment for the lavash.  Hummus, baba ghanouj, ezme ... But for my money, the real joy is in the hot dishes.  Gyro meat, or doner, has got to be one of my all time favorite foods, and there are several ways to have it here. Today I had the beyti sarma kabob, which is like a gyro roll sliced so that it's almost bite size.  It comes with two, yes two, sauces (tomato and yogurt).  There's also the doner kabob pizza which is totally delicious and comes covered in jalapeno peppers, so be careful if you don't like it hot.
I have been going to Alli Baba for years. The large mixed platter is to die for. Their islander and urfa kabobs great and they make a great thin crust pizza. Ambiance is no t much so I agree with some of the negative reviews about that. Wait staff is direct and not overly friendly but who cares. Food is excellent. Would be great if they served beer.
Their lavaash bread and the dip they serve with it is amazing. You can eat an extremely filling meal for less than 15$. Their 7$ Beef Durrum was yummy. I usually get the chicken curry which comes with rice,onions and beetroot. It costs about 12-14$. The portions aren't huge but I usually always have enough to take home for a second meal. But we did have a bad experience with one of the servers who brought my friend the wrong order and then proceeded to loudly yell at him and accuse him of lying. It was so unbelievably unprofessional! But the other servers were extremely apologetic and wrapped up the right order for us even though we just wanted to leave. We left almost immediately, after paying the bill quickly, and never went back. 5 stars for the food at those prices. 0 stars for the server who made us never want to return!
Great food!
This place is out of this world. I came here a few months ago and was blown away by the iskender kabob. I finally got my husband to join me tonight, and thankfully the food lived up to all of my ranting and raving. For an appetizer, we shared the large mixed plate and split the veggie iskender with a huge large lavash bread on the side. Everything is reasonably priced considering the size of the servings and the quality of food. It's one of those places where even though the food is traditional, there is something for every palate that is delicious and satisfying. Probably not the most romantic setting, and the location is not 100% ideal. If you can put all that aside, Ali Baba is a must for those who love Middle Eastern cuisine.
Great food and plenty to go around. I got lavash and was a tad embarrassed since eating solo and it was nearly as big as table. Yogurt sauce with it was awesome and main course equally good. I can't remember main course meal but it looked like sushi rolls but lamb rolled in pita bread. Awesome! Hope to make it back before heading back west.
I'll start with the bad so that it's not all that you remember. Ali Baba's service is pretty bad. There have been times when I've actually left the restaurant thirsty. How ridiculous is that? Waits (whether they're for a table or for a waiter/waitress to take your order) are long when they really don't need to be. I think the food there is affordable and pretty good. I go to RPI and this is one of the few restaurants within walking distance from campus, so I go there pretty often. You can pick up your orders. I've never done this, but it's probably a good way to bypass the slow service.
Can I just tell you that I am so disappointed that NYC doesn't have a clone of this place? I crave the lavish bread on a weekly basis. So when I come home my mom and I make it a point to come here. Loves: The menu has pictures! Complimentary lavish bread just out of the brick oven An awesome selection of dishes Great service Off the beaten path No loud music Dislikes: It's in Troy... I think we need an expansion to the city. Bring your friends, order a lot of dishes, and spend some time trying all  of them. My mom and I love sharing food and being able to try a few different flavors, and that is one of the great appeals of Ali Baba's. I will be back!
Ah yes, piping hot Lavash bread from the brick oven makes me oooh and ahhh. I love ripping up this puffed up centerpiece and dipping it into that yogurt and dill sauce. This alone, is enough to entice suburban folks out of their comfortable dwellings.  Save Friendly's for another day, eat Lavash today! The dishes all look incredible, and I've seen every single one. That's because there is a picture of every single item on the menu. How else would I know what Guvech is?   The Chicken Durum is brilliant and although I generally order this on a street corner, I order in at Ali Baba to experience the Lavash with a glass of mango juice. If they branched out and set up a street meat truck in downtown Albany or Saratoga Springs, drunks would be in a late night food frenzy.   Outsiders take note.  It's very easy to get here. If you're driving on Hoosick Street, just  turn on 15th Street and drive a couple of blocks to Ali Baba.
Fortunately, I've never had a problem with service here. It's delicious, affordable Middle-Eastern  food in a fairly no-frills location.  Large portions and the perfect amounts of spice. However, for some reason they have pictures of their food on the menu. These photos do their food no justice whatsoever. I assure you it's far more appealing looking in real-life than the menu might have you believe. If I lived a little close, I'd go here all the time.
Ali Baba is a really solid place to get food. The only thing keeping it from being worth four stars is one of my biggest restaurant annoyances, which is inconsistent hours. They have a sign on their door that says they close the kitchen 45 minutes before closing time. This is more or less true, but they don't follow it closely. If you call them at any time past 8:45, you have about a 50% chance of getting food. They also claim to be open until 11 on weekends but I've never been able to get service after about 9:15, just like on weekdays. This one thing I find unforgivable when it comes to running a business. If you want to close at a certain time, say that you're closing at a certain time. Don't just tell me that you're closed when I walk into your restaurant and it says you're open. It's worth mentioning that Ali Baba is also extremely clean, which is a huge plus for me. The decor is quaint, but nothing special. Everything else is unremarkable, but good. Their beef durum is quite good, and it's pretty hard stuff to find in the states. They have an awesome wood-fired oven that they make bread and pizza in. I had the chicken shish one time and was quite underwhelmed-- crunchy rice and underseasoned chicken. So the menu is a bit hit or miss, but if you know what to order you can get some delicious food for a really good price.
I love this place, great food! nice atmosphere, great service!
Best. Bread. Ever. The food was ok Middle Eastern fare, the service was meh. But the bread. Holy moley. Drool-like typing detected. The bread is so very, very yummy.
Favorites are chicken or lamb iskender and the lavash bread with yogurt sauce. The staff is always super nice and the food is great whether you eat there or take out!
Chicken Durum. Best $7 you can spend on a sandwich, period. Also, the lavash with yogurt sauce is one of the best fresh bread experiences one could ask for. Lima bean concoction is also delicious. Beyond that, a lot of the selections seem strange and/or over priced, although, if I felt like taking a risk and spending a bit more money, I'd like to try some other stuff. The menu is ugly as hell and the restaurant looks like a pizza parlor in Gaza, but I suppose that's part of the places awkward lack of ambiance. Service is more than adequate and if your nice to them they are nice to you.
Just a neat place to enjoy good food without any pretense that seems to accompany so many restaurants. The decor is slightly dineresque but the open kitchen keeps the boys entertained. Watching them cook the lavash in the open oven and bring it out piping hot and puffy like a balloon is just fun. We have tried the wraps and the open-faced pizza with egg. Not sure what it was called, but it looked good on the picture menu and we were right. Definitely something to try and enjoy.
LOVE Ali Baba. Curry Eskender is my all time favorite meal. I crave it. There will never be anything like it anywhere else around the area. I often call in my order and just do take out! I have had a few other delicious things, but highly recommend a large lavash and a curry eskender to share. I split it every time and end up very satisfied!
My friends and I go here sometimes just for the mind blowingly good lavash bread.  We get a large and just rip and dip our night away and we always leave happy.  Whenever I go I like to try something new, and I have not been disappointed yet.  All the food is realiable and soooo tasty and rich. The location kinda sucks and its small, but packed with awesome food. If you like middle eastern, GO HERE!! Cheap eats, balling spectacular food
This is one of my favorites in Troy. We went here a lot when I was at RPI for both lunch and dinner. The inside has a very cool and traditional decor. Its not too flashy, nothing like a  fancy restaurant but its nice. Parking can be tough sometimes, you have to park on 15th street where its usually packed.But I generally park on the side of the building or behind it. To this day, I honestly do not know if that's legal parking, because the area behind looks like its parking for the house/apartments there. But so far I never got towed so it should be ok. Now on to the food. The food here is great , I actually never had a bad experience with it. With most dinners you get the large lavash bread, which is simply amazing, its straight out of the brick oven (literally). For the food my all time favorite is the beef durum (or gyro as most other places call it) I also had the chicken with cury and gyro pizza, both of which were also good. The prices are more than reasonable last time I went  for lunch with my friend, we got two durums, small lavash bread, drink and baklava for about $25, it was more than enough food for 2 people. This is definitely my favorite place for lunch in Troy that's close to rpi campus. I would recommend it to anyone who love Mediterranean food like I do.
We've been trying to get here for several years.  Tonight all the stars unexpectedly lined up behind the clouds.  I'm so glad they did. The menu with pictures is the best thing since sliced brea... oops, their fresh baked lavash rises high above plain sliced bread!!!  Wonderful. We started with Stuffed Grape Leaves (8 for $5.95) and thought they were good, but not as good as we've had at Athos or those homemade by our friend. I ordered the Lamb Tandur ($12.95) which came with rice, sauteed onions and pickled cabbage.  The lamb had a good amount of flavor and pulled apart easily but was very dry.  Wrapped in the lavash and dipped in the yogurt sauce the lamb was quite enjoyable. My wife had the Curry Iskender ($9.95) with beef and the same onions and cabbage sides as on my dish.  It was a nice flavorful, Mediterranean spiced curry.  Quite tasty. The portions were large enough that we didn't have room for dessert, but we both had wanted to try the Baklava.  Simple solution, we got the baklava to go - 4 small pieces in an order for $4.95.  It had a nice flaky top and sat in a not overly sweet syrup.  It hit the spot for that late night snack. They do not have an alcohol license so choices are your basic sodas (free cup refill), Turkish coffee and tea, hot chocolate, American coffee, juices imported from Turkey (peach, apricot, sour cherry), and Ayran yogurt drink.
We have had take out from here at least 10 times in the last few years. It used to be awesome but lately, it seems the chicken ishkandar is always over cooked and the portions are smaller. They have even started cheaping out on the rice. Where's the rice? Rice is cheap guys! Heap it in the aluminum container like you used to do. And that sour purple shedded cabbage stuff is nasty. Does enyone even eat that stuff?
Two words - FRESH and FLAVORFUL!!  That's all you need to know.  We got the lavish w/ yogurt sauce, baklava, Mediterranean pizza, & small plate with 5 choices.  Everything was delicious for a very reasonable $25.   The location is in Troy and isn't overly appealing, but don't let that scare you away.   The waitstaff was very helpful, courteous, and quick to serve. Highly recommended!!
A gem, I crave this place at least once a month.  The lavish bread is to die for.  Menu has pictures so you can see what your ordering,  i have no clue about this cuisine so it help me expand my options.  But like I always have been told if the restaurant is serving people of its own ethnicity it is probably a good place to go to.   I am a huge fan!!! If you are into high end restaurants and not little dives don't bother.  If you are like me and go to eat the food, and enjoy a slice of the culture, then go. Parking can be a pain, and seating is limited, probably less than 15 tables, but its worth it.   If you need a hint on what to try start off with  get the Lavish bread and the sampler for an appetizer and  Curry Iskender fr dinner/lunch.  You will not be disappointed.
Ali Baba has never been a friendly place.  I've been there scores of times & i'm treated like a stranger every single time.   FIRST OFF, we asked them when they close.  They said midnight... then proceeded to shut down/clean the lavash oven about 9 PM?  A man came in to eat & he was turned away.  He left looking completely pissed off. Last night was the last straw.  The guys running the place have ZERO interest in their customers (unless their buddies are dining.)   No one asked us how is everything?  No offer for refills.  They don't even try to entice you with a hot beverage or dessert.  Our waiter was busy on his phone in the corner.  The other 2 guys working there were doing the same. I got the plate of sides, and some of the options didn't taste fresh. (This wasn't the first time.)  Choosing the sides i want is always a chore, b/c the guy behind the counter wants to steer you toward the hummus, which looks/tastes like nothing more than pulverized chickpeas. The owner clearly has not a care, and that hummus never sells. The bill comes, & there's close to $10 worth of lavash on there.  I asked for an explanation:  "We ordered sides, that comes with lavash."  I went round & round with the guy about it.  So, you get a free small lavash with a plate of sides, but if you order a large lavash, they're tacking $4 or $5 on the bill.  So how much is a large lavash if you're charging an additional $4?  We ordered 2 lavash, & he only brought one plate of tzatziki. yes, the lavash is heavenly, & it's only bread for heaven's sake.  I know of no other restaurant that bread is the star of the show, & overpriced at that. I FELT LIKE WE WERE GETTING SCAMMED. I guess LAVASH is all they really have going for them, & even tho I enjoyed it as much as ever, the terrible service perhaps outweighs it now.   We only ended up here because nearby, superior Cafe Marmora (6th & Congress) was closed.  Come to think of it, the last time I ate at Ali Baba was b/c Cafe Marmora was closed then too. Even getting to-go stuff ends up feeling combative.  You tell them you want the foil dish & they hand you the plastic clamshell.   This area is not hard up for delicious Middle Eastern fare.  Next time I'll suck it up & go to Mamoun's Falafel in Albany.  I only go there once a year & the owner remembers me.  Mamoun's is well-known for being open all the time.
Ali Baba has shown me the way. Literally. Do not be scared away, almost everything on the menu has a picture so you know what it is. I have had the Beyti Sarma and the Durum so far.  This is a lot of food for your money, I was satisfied and full by the end.  Try this for something new if you haven't had middle eastern food before, great stepping stone into that world.  They've got me hooked and I'm going back for more soon.
Me and my friend are  in love with this place. I am a vegetarian and haven't had anything besides the cheese pizza and the small platter but I love it. You have the option of choosing 5 sides for the small platter and more for the big one. However, just the small platter is big enough to share as an appetizer between two people and as a meal for me. It comes with a gigantic fresh out of the stone oven lavash bread and a side of their creamy yoghurt dip!! The small platter is just $9.99! Me and my friend have talked about stealing their rugs that they have to decorate the walls. It gives such a 'feel at home' vibe to me.
Very disappointing. Except for the bread and mixed vegetarian sampler, ALL of the food we ordered was really bad...the beef and lamb were gamier than ever experienced anywhere and the chicken was very dry. Very poor value for money, indifferent service. There is no ambience, which would have been fine if the food was good. This may be ok for the college crowd, but for a family meal, this is not worth it at all.
The price is great for a big dish. Yummy and good for lunch near RPI.
I go here for lunch and occasionally dinner. Nice people and always good quality. The food is fresh and consistent. Not much for ambiance but its the food we're there for. The bread is amazing, and the service is always friendly. In terms of upstate ethnic food, this is a must go!!!
The lavish bread is amazing! The staff is always friendly and so helpful!! Everything I have tried is wonderful! I always leave so full but the baklava to go is a must. Just remember Ali Baba does not serve alcohol.
We went to Ali Baba for lunch recently while on a client site working. They had a great selection of Turkish foods. The Lavash bread was excellent and we really enjoyed dipping it in the tzatziki sauce. We didn't love the hummus, but there was plenty of other food. The Dolmas were quite good, as well as the Adana Kebab (although I prefer veggies on the side that are grilled a little more). Overall a great lunch. I look forward to going back again soon.
I'll just note that I have not been here for about six years, so their first year or two of operation is my perspective, back when I was a student at RPI. One of my co-workers at the RPI Bookstore recommended me to come here when they opened. When I ate here, I was an ovo-lacto vegetarian through most of college and this was a welcome reprieve from the other foods in the area. This was a sketchy hole-in-the-wall joint next to a laundromat, but the food is very surprising. It had all the elements of a dive, including... a random sketchy-looking fish tank in the corner at the time? The same guy who used to pump $4 cheap pizzas out a block from my old apartment then made absolutely wonderful oven-fired pita bread topped with cloves and brushed with oil, the layers separated on the massive disk offered each time I came. The yogurt I had to go with it is comparable to even what I've had at The Helmand and Oleana in Cambridge. It was just plain yogurt, but very light. I enjoyed the eggplant and cucumber dishes I would order from there, as well as the vegetarian casserole I'd typically order. The casserole was topped by a myriad of vegetables in a spicy sauce on top of rice that I remember was very fluffy. I only ordered non-vegetarian from there once, and I fear my memory fades me from specifics, but enjoying the similarly sauced lamb casserole. Next time I visit Troy, I'll swing by again, but being no longer vegetarian, I can now try a broader spectrum of their menu. Dishes to try: Pita w/ yogurt sauce, the casseroles
Yummy and not expensive (unless you want it to be). I don't find the people unfriendly, just not overly outgoing. Ambience is pretty lousy but it's mostly a college place
We love Ali Baba, and despite our fear that all of  you will start going there and make it crowded, we'll let you in on why. First, the place is not fancy.  Service is great and the staff is very polite and accomodating.  Great for familiy, large groups, etc. Favortes are the eggplant salad (roated eggplant), the salad sampler (we get ours with chemen, ajuka, ezme, red peppers, roasted eggplant, and eggplant salad).  Greek salad is great too, as is the accompanying lavash. Curry chicken is great, as is the veal guvech, eggplant kebab, etc. Worth a trip to Troy.  Give it a try.
I can't give this place enough stars.  The food is so good.  I drive from Schenectady to Troy just for a meal.  Love it....  The Lavash bread is to die for.  Also I order the curry iskander.  OMG. It is so good.
Reduce, reuse, and recycle and lavash bread.  It was the bread that saved this place from a 2 star. Apparently, this place used to have its own market area selling groceries and spices and stuff, but they decided to reduce its options to just a restaurant.  I went there at a pretty late time, and by the end, I saw the guys saran wrap the big kabob meat.  It's good to reuse for leftovers, but I hope that they don't use the same meat the next day for customers.  Sure, the yogurt sauce is pretty tasty, but they recycle it in many of their dishes.  The yogurt sauce they serve with the lavash bread is the same as the sauce they hide underneath the meat in iskender kabob.  It even tastes like the aryan yogurt drink uses the same thing too (except with more salt).  If you're expecting the aryan to taste like lassi, you're thinking of a different country (hint: India).  If you don't like salty drinks, don't get this.  I've tried this drink before in Singapore, and I thought I was open minded enough to like it, but I couldn't finish it. The adana kabob was not what I expected.  It really just tasted like an above average meat loaf.  But accounting for the fact that the average meat loaf taste is skewed to the right (where the x axis represents taste), this is not saying much.  If you understood that, high five!  You're a nerd.  The iskender kabob was also not that great.  In general, the food was not hot (temperature wise) and didn't taste that fresh.  The rice was undercooked and this is a big no no, although, not many places in Albany makes good rice.  It took them a while to bring the food out, so I wondered what took them so long.  I'm thinking all they did to the food was barely heat it up.  For the price we paid (it was about $10 each for the kabob), it wasn't worth it.  I've had kabobs in Singapore for $3 and they are AMAZING.  Maybe I should start lowering my expectations.  Maybe Singapore is to blame for my high standards for good food. Either way, I agree with everyone that the lavash bread is delicious.  They also do take-out so that's nice.  It recognizes itself as a gourmet place, but I wouldn't take it that far.  I would only go as far to say that Ali Baba found the cave that only had one golden goblet marked "lavish."  But this place has won consecutive awards in the capital region since 2002, so in Albany standards, I guess it's worth checking out.
Beyti sarma! This is my favorite restaurant of all time!
We like the food here- especially the wood fired Lavash - made to order and served with yogurt dipping sauce ( or is it sour cream with fresh dill ?) This sauce is also a delicious and necessary accompaniment to many of the entrees. The only complaint I have is that most everything is over-salted. Since writing the above, I had the grilled chicken curry and asked for NO added salt. It was superb!! The lavash is the main attraction for me - I would be happy just to eat that. It used to come with the meal, but alas, now they have to charge for it. Understandable, since the price of flour went way up. I think that they raised prices in general, but it is still pretty reasonable.  The Baklava is not good - soggy. Would that they had their liquor license. Beer would go well with the spicey food. A word about service which was critisized above. We had no problem recently, infact, it was downright quick! The food is cooked to order and that is a good thing!
Ali Babas is as good as they come - fresh, spicy, and delectable. The tandoori oven they have makes everything crispy and amazing. I love their chicken curry pizza and their lavash. It's fun to watch them cook. I take my friends here when they visit because they have a wide selection of entrees (great for vegetarians) and they don't disappoint.
Two words:  Beef Curry!  I have had Jamaican, Indian, and Viatnamese curry before and I must say this is the best.  The beef is cooked just right, great flavor, with chunks of bread over a little yogurt sauce and side of rice and cabbage.  I have been there twice in the last month and will be back soon!
Middle Eastern fare that attracts a big RPI crowd. The gyros are great and the lavish bread with yogurt sauce is excellent.  A little pricey to be honest.
This place is a good option for vegetarians in Troy.  I went with a group of 9 folks for lunch one day and the waitress was only able to thinly veil her disdain for us.  Granted, we did have one person who was on a gluten-free, dairy-free diet asking all sorts of questions, but the rest of us were pretty laid back.  The hummus and yogurt sauce and bread were all very good.  The bread is made in an open-fire oven and sprinkled with sesame seeds.  Nothing else i had was very memorable like the babaganoush or stuffed grape leaves... I think that the prices are a little high, but I'll probably be back only because I'm spending the summer in town and Troy doesn't have that many other options, especially up the hill.
A staple restaurant. I can't count how many times I've been here but it's my top place in Troy and most of my friends agree. When people move away and return to visit, they always want to go to Ali Babas.
First off I'd like to say that I've only eaten take out from Ali Baba. My rating is entirely on the food and not service. It is delicious and I would recommend the appetizer sampler that they have with all the different dips every time you eat there. Make sure you get extra bread!
Tasty lavish bread, and overall tasty fare can be found at Ali Baba. We grabbed take-out from here on the way home for dinner, since we were in a bit of a time crunch. The service was fast and the wait-staff very helpful and friendly. Food was great, we'll definitely be going back.
I love Ali Baba!  I crave the lavash bread with yogurt, chicken curry and veggie iskender...yuuuum.
Real hidden gem in Troy next to the RPI campus. The lavash is out of this world so is the appetizer platter. Generally don't like pictures on a menu but here it is helpful. Middle Eastern food better than the pizza. Very reasonable-unique dishes. Not fancy but prompt service. Great for students and first dates on a budget. Avoid during RPI big events or the beginning of the school year.
Good food, good price.
I had never had Turkish fare prior to Ali Baba. I'm Jewish, from Buffalo, and I consider my self I Foodie for certain. I had had Israeli, Lebanese, Moroccan, and a slew of other food from the surrounding region, but Ali Baba blows it all out of the water! The place is always humming with some customers coming in to dine and take out, I do both and the take out is excellent as well. I recommend the Curry Iskender that is my favorite dish there I order it every time. Also they have good grape leaves and a fair portion for the price. The Lavash is unreal!! the yogurt dipping sauce, similar to a tzaziki is delicious. Service is great always with a smile and in a timely fashion... I recommend this place with all my heart. Truly a gem to be found in Troy, NY!
I really like the fresh lavash and the veggie platter.
The yogurt sauce and lavash bread alone is enough to earn five stars.
that lavash bread is the best. the ownership changed a few years ago and the portion sizes came down with it but overall the food quality and taste stayed the same. this place is great.
Easily one of the best restaurants in Albany area. The owners have gradually spiffed it up as thay have owned it I am pretty sure that these people make EVERYTHING  from scratch. Even the stuffed grape leaves- they pickle their own leaves! I have never had bad service. I have never had anything that wasn't fantastically fresh and delicious. I have always left feeling extremely satisfied, and only disappointed that I couldn't have found room to eat more. Order anything in confidence, try someything you haven't had before. As mentioned- the mezze platters are a great way to sample.
Very friendly staff and quick to serve. Their chicken curry pizza is one of the best things I've ever had!
By far the best Mediterranean food in the Capitol Region. Their veggie sampler is amazing and the lavash bread superior to most others I've tried. I have had the chicken durum, which is also great and the meat filled pizza boat (I can't remember it's name!), which was just ok. The veggie sampler used to be bigger, now they give you less food, but hey I guess that's the sign of the times.
A friend showed me around Troy, NY during a work trip to Albany. A very cool little city on the rise. She was excited to take me to this turkish place.  I checked the online reviews and was a bit wary, but I'm glad I trusted the friend. Not only was the decor lovely and the staff VERY friendly (only suggestion: the lights are too bright for my New York City dining-eyes), but the food was outstanding. IMHO, it's hard to find a decent restaurant in this area (save the wine bar and bistro on Lark in Albany proper and Dinosaur BBQ in Troy)--this one is a keeper.  We shared the lavash with a lovely yogurt sauce that I'm still trying to figure out in my mind, apricot nectar mixed with seltzer water, and I had an iskender kofte, which was delicious. The portions were so huge, I couldn't finish it. The lavash was like a huge puffy-fish when it came to the table, a real treat! My only regret: not getting some baklava to go!
Enjoyable
well, it's a restaurant that serves Turkish food basically. the Staff is not from Turkey, but they're doing a great job. better than many Turkish restaurants I've been too in US. I'd recommend it for any authentic food lovers.
Great place for Troy. The food was consistantly good, service was friendly. This is also one of my trusty go-to places.
Great food...great service!..
One of our family faves - we always try to go here at least once each time we're in the region.  The hand-baked lavash bread and yogurt sauce are reason alone to stop in.  We usually have the appetizer with the chicken durum ( chicken, lettuce, onions, etc., rolled up in a lavash with the yogurt sauce).  Reasonable prices.
Amazing and unique (for upstate NY) bread. Very nice staff.
This place is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the area! You have to start your meal off with their naan and yogurt sauce...I could fill up just on this! But my main love is their curry iskendar. It's shredded beef with rice, yogurt/curry sauce and their pickled onions and cabbage. It's delicious! This place is a must try, you won't be disappointed!!
I'm stunned by the reviews of this place by others giving this a five star.  It like rating Mc Donalds???   The interior looks like a tired old storefront pizza joint. The service was perfectly adequate both times I was here. Here's my problem with Ali Baba: The lavosh with yogurt was delicious.   But, the mixed grill was just that.  Meat, lamb and chicken cooked on a flat grill.  Overcooked, and tasteless. Stunningly bad.  All of it. Then the chicken curry was stunningly good.  All of it. One out of two is bad.
My first time eating Turkish food and I know I'll be back for more if for nothing else  than the fresh yummy lavash that comes like a warm puffy pillow out of the oven and the fresh yogurt sauce for dipping yum! The chicken duram was good but a little plain I have to say I preferred the beef duram my husband had a ;little more. Service here was great and friendly will certainly be back to try new things!
A little expensive but the food is pretty good and the service is great! The bread is the best thing I have ever eaten. It is flakey and light and the sauce that comes with it makes it even better and you can put the sauce on everything.
