I have been skeptical for a while after a single bad experience but this place has been slowly building my trust again.  First time I went was after the lunch rush and my food was dry.  But every time (4 or 5 times so far) since they have performed beyond amazing. Great beverage selection, and the ribs are GREAT.  I really enjoyed the BBQ chicken cooked perfectly and the brisket has almost redeemed itself in my eyes.  The mac and cheese side dish has a little kick which is great. The bar area can be loud at times, but that's the point.  The dining room provides a slightly quieter atmosphere, but retains all the biker bar style of Dinosaur.
A good, solid 4-star kind of place.  I came in for dinner on a weeknight alone, so I sat at the bar.  The bartender was great; my glass was never empty and my entrée came quickly.  The half chicken I ordered was solid, if not stellar... the smoked flavor of the meat was nice, but I felt like the quality of the meat wasn't as good as other barbecue restaurants I visited - not much meat on the bone.  The two sides I ordered, collard greens and baked beans, were very tasty. It is one of the better dining options in Troy and worth checking out.
Brought our guests from Germany for a real American restaurant experience and we loved it!! Service and food were terrific! Excellent quality meat. We will be back again and again!
What can I say this place delivers! You can smell the goodness from the parking lot. The service was excellent. The appetizers, main course and desert were all spot on. We loved the atmosphere. I am from Syracuse and this new location made me proud. I brought a Kentucky boy with me and he said he found his new fav place to eat. If u like the real deal sweet tea we recommend it here. Also try going late in the day for lunch during the week to avoid the long wait. We got right in and it was just the icing on the BBQ cake. One last item you gotta love that they carry a good variety of local beer. Way to support!
This isn't a tough review. This place is exactly what you would expect. Not a fancy place so if you feel the need to be surrounded by people wearing suits and linen napkins don't bother. However, if you can appreciate good barbecue, don't mind eating ribs with your hands and having a little delicious sauce dripping off your chin, this is your place. The smoked wings as an appetizer are perfectly seasoned and tasty. You can't beat the combo plate with ribs, brisket and pulled pork. Meats that are smoked to perfection, an assortment of savory bbq sauces and sides that you could call traditional or maybe common, but are well done and nice accompaniments to solid bbq.   It's a fun, relaxed atmosphere with terrific BBQ AND a great selection of beers. I've been here 4 times and it's consistently good and a nice value price wise. Roll up your sleeves and give it a shot. It's a great time with excellent BBQ.
Another fine meal at Dinosaur BBQ. Check out their rib's with a red smoke ring. Chicken, brisket, fried rice, it is all great. Their selection of beers is extensive both in on tap and in the bottle. If parking is hard, as it often is, keep trying as it is worth it. I sometimes park across the street and down a few blocks but these are the best ribs ever.
Fried Green Tomatoes.  Great barbeque!
Lifelong Dinosaur BBQ fan, have gone all my life to the various locations.   What's going on Dinosaur?   Appetizer: Sampler for two Meal: Pulled Pork Sandwich Pork was slimy and cold, chicken wings UNDERCOOKED.  I did NOT send the food back because I just don't do that at a restaurant unless circumstances are extreme.   I hate complaining and making things awkward.  Quality control is becoming a MAJOR ISSUE with all the new restaurants they are opening.  Portions seemed smaller too.   I still love the Dinosaur and will continue to go, let's just hope the next time I don't have the same experience.
Love dinosaur restaurant. Here are my pros, and there are no cons. When it comes to BBQ restaurants constancy is the issue. It is all ways consistent. The atmosphere is great lots of hassle and bustle. The wait staff mostly women are very friendly and attentive. The food is the best in a 50 mile radius. Here are some of my all time great. 1.  The ribs. St louis cut the kings of ribs Nuff said. 2.  Smoke sausage, real nice smoke with a great deal of moister. 3.   Fried green tomatoes. Classic 4.   Deviled eggs. Omg 5.   Sides, Maple whipped sweet potatoes, collard greens, baked beans. Those where just a few but if your in the capital region and looking for great BBQ dinosaurs is your place.
As a local restaurant owner myself I enjoy trying the fare served by others with great appreciation for design, concept, etc. With that said, I went to Dinosaur on Sunday September 22, 2013 with my wife. We walked in and the hostess seemed clueless, was like "So..." Me: "So..." Hostess: "Um, okay...uh" Wife: "May we be seated?" Hostess: "Oh, the two of you?" Me: "No, we're waiting on the tour bus to arrive..." Wife: "Yes, just the two of us" After we were seated by the clueless hostess who has no right to have that position up front as the first person to greet people, our server came over...my wife and I ordered some beverages, the server took the time to explain entrees, apps, etc and we then decided what we were going to eat. The food was damn good, chicken was done right...flavorful and still tasted awesome out the fridge late night and cold. The shrimp should have other options than just drunken/hot but I thought it was still done really nice. Had the green tomatoes, deviled eggs, and wings, potato salad, ribs and chicken and I enjoyed the service at the table. Excellent service provided by a very attentive girl makes for a very enjoyable evening out. Definitely a fan of the food here...once you get past the hostess station. I'll be back for sure!
My husband loves their wings with extra char but this time we tried the ribs. I would not recommend it. It was dry and tough. I think I will stick with the sampler, which is my favorite. I love the fried green tomatoes and the deviled eggs.
Excellent BBQ and service! Stopped here while driving from VT back to New Jersey and it was awesome. Highly recommend them for great BBQ.
Back to the Dinosaur again and I tell you this time was even better . I took the boys over this time and ordered family style , wow the ribs , brisket , and chicken all perfect plus the sides out of this world . A ton of food for the money and service was great everyone was so nice and the manager explained how they smoke the meats it was so cool . Will be back again and you should try it out because it's the best place to eat in the whole city .
Probably my favorite meal out in the last 3 or so months. I had the 1/2 chicken and brisket combo with the swag appetizer. Everything was great, I can't saw a bad thing. I think my favorite though was the jerk glazed wings with the swag appetizer.
Ahh, where do I begin? Let us start with the bar service, as this contributes the most to my poor experience at Dinosaur.  While I understand that their main "specialty" is bbq, they should at least have a decent bar service.  My better half ordered a tequila gimlet, and they looked at her like she had three heads.  The one bartender looked to the other who replied "Uhh I think its just lime juice and tequila, I don't know why people call it that".  Well people call it that because that is the name of the drink!  The bartender then proceeded to make the drink incorrectly, giving us straight up tequila with a lime garnish.  Second round we decided to try a different bartender, and actually had a WORSE experience!  In my first round I had ordered a vanilla scotch, which is a cocktail they make with scotch beer and....vanilla scotch.  I could have sworn I saw the bartender, upon trying the tap for the scotch beer, switch to a different ale.  Upon tasting I confirmed that this was the case.  I sent the drink back, only to be told (this time by a third bartender) that they were out of the scotch ale, and would I like to have something else substituted.  Would have been nice for the other bartender to tell me that in the first place, as I do not appreciate non-requested substitutions, especially when the drink only has two ingredients!  To top it all off, their idea of a mojito is one part rum with 4 parts sweet and sour mix and a dash of mint, and a bloody mary consisted of no less then 3 shots of Tabasco. On to the bbq...its good, but not great, certainly not great when you consider their prices.  Perhaps I'm jaded on southern barbecue, but just coming from my parents in Florida where I experienced the Oakwood Smokehouse (which was fantastic by the way), I felt as if dinosaur was a letdown.  15 bucks gets you a decent portion of pulled pork and two sides, but I can hardly call that a "deal".  Also, I have tried the ribs twice, and both times they were disappointing....do not expect "fall off the bone" ribs here.  Considering the wait (we were told 45 minutes and had to wait nearly an hour and a half), and I would've expected something a little better than this.  Perhaps things will improve once they get into the swing of things, but I'm not sure if I will ever find out.  I can't see any reason to return, with overpriced mediocre bbq combined with terrible bar and wait service.
I swear, something new opens in the cap region and people throw any rationale out the window. First off Dinosaur BBQ is decent, nothing bad to say about the quality of food. It lacks a wow factor though I feel. Same tastse/quality as the one in Syracuse. A bit on the expensive side. All of these 5 star reviews make me wonder, do you people really think that this is as good as it gets, that there is no better BBQ. Cap region its debatable, this isnt bbq country but its just ok  if you ask a Carolina boy ;)
I don't get the hype.....the BBQ sauce tastes like a bad marinara sauce...I really don't get why people wait an hr to an hr and a half for a table.....I will admit the service is real good, but the food just doesn't do it for me.....if you want good BBQ the pig pit is where it's at....
Disappointing sums up my experience! All my friends have talked up Dinosaur BBQ as being the best BBQ ever. So I went there with high expectations and I am also from the south. So I know what good BBQ tastes like. I thought the ambiance and service were good, but the food bad. I ordered the ribs with side of cole slaw, mac n cheese, and cucumber salad. The ribs were tough and the meat did not  fall off the bones (the true test of good ribs). The sides were also OK. The corn muffin tasted bland and stale. The quality of food might be better in the original location in NYC b/c its smaller. This location just seemed like  chain restaurant. I would not go back.
Dinosaur BBQ earned four stars on my first visit.  Not mind blowing, but pretty damn good.  I enjoyed the dining experience in terms of food, atmosphere and service, and we will be back once things slow down some.   In summary... The highlights for me were the stellar service, super-tender pork, tasty ribs, yummy fried green tomatoes, mouth watering wings (we tried the sesame hoisin), and the tasty mac & cheese.  They also have a pretty decent beer selection.   Skip the shrimp.  Blech.  Not that I expected fantastic shrimp at a BBQ joint, but they shouldn't bother having it on the menu at this quality.  I've had better shrimp at home from the freezer section.   And the details... The husband and I went on Friday evening of opening week, and we expected to wait.  A bartender was serving drinks in the lobby, which was nice to help pass the time, particularly because the bar was packed ten people deep.  We arrived as early as we could after work - 4:45pm - and were told it would be a 60-to-90 minute wait.  We waited 65 minutes.  Not too shabby.   The waitress was at our table within two minutes of our being seated and we saw her frequently throughout the meal.  Not too frequently, though.  The food came quickly and she was very prompt in refilling drinks, clearing plates and getting us the check.  She was very friendly and obviously knowledgeable about the food, offering information on the things we ordered without being asked.  My only gripe with the service was that the wet naps didn't come until we were nearly done eating.  I prefer they come with the food, because - call me crazy - I sometimes like to clean myself up mid-meal.  But maybe that's just me.   The husband and I decided to try a few of their platters with the intention of sampling a variety of things.  We started with the Swag Sampler Plate For Two as an appetizer, which consists of shrimp, chicken wings, fried green tomatoes and deviled eggs.  This was a true appetizer portion and not entree-sized, which I appreciated.  It consisted of about 6 shrimp and 2 of each of the other items.  The chicken wings -- we opted for the mild sesame hoisin flavor - were delicious. The fried tomatoes and eggs were also very, very good.  The shrimp was disappointing in both texture (very chewy) and presentation (not shelled, de-veined or de-legged).  Although I was turned off by the sight of shrimp legs, removing the shell would not normally have been a huge deal for me; however, the lighting was so dim in the restaurant that I might as well have shelled them with my eyes closed.  I ended up with pieces of shell in my mouth a few times.  Not very appetizing.   For an entree, I had the Tres Ninos, a small sampler consisting of bbq pork , sliced beef brisket and ribs.  The ribs and brisket were very good, but the pork was to die for.  Very tender and moist.  The husband tried the Extreme Sampler, which is HUGE and includes 1/2 chicken (leg, thigh, breast and wing), 1/2 rack of ribs and beef brisket.  He liked the beef brisket and said the ribs were "damn good".  To be fair, the chicken didn't get eaten until the next day (did I mention this platter is HUGE?), and it was also very tasty, even reheated.   For our sides, we each had the mac & cheese; he had the beans and I the french fries.  The beans and the fries were decent but nothing extraordinary, although I do love fries with the skins left on for extra crunch.  The macaroni and cheese was excellent.  It is cooked with jalapenos in it (which the waitress kindly warned us about), but it has all the flavor of the peppers and only a mild spice.  A very tasty and unique flavor.  They sprinkle it with cajun seasoning once it's on your plate, which I opted to go without.  Seriously folks, don't go to the Dinosaur BBQ without trying the macaroni and cheese.   Also, it should be noted that as of today, their website now includes the Troy location and menu.  Check it out!  And make sure you bring your appetite.   dinosaurbarbque.com/loca…
Two years ago we ate at the Dinosaur in Syracuse and were blown away by everything. So when rumors started about Dino coming to Troy we were STOKED! We finally made it to the Troy location recently and I have to say that if we ever crave Dinosaur BBQ again, we will be making the drive to Syracuse. I ordered the Tres Ninos because I wanted a little sampler of the different meats. In Syracuse I had gotten Chicken and Ribs that were sensational. In Troy, my plate had bone dry Brisket, smokey decent pulled pork that was also on the dry side, and the ribs were NOTHING like what I had in Syracuse. The ribs in Syracuse were fall off the bone amazingness. The ribs in Troy were tough and dried out. I was completely unimpressed. My boyfriend ordered the Memphis Style Pulled Pork Sandwich. He ordered the same thing when we were in Syracuse, and has lived in Memphis and wanted to see how Troy's sammy compared. He didn't even want to finish the sandwich. Disappointment number two. Strike 3 came from the service. When the waitress took our drink orders, we made it clear that we needed two separate checks for our party of 3. The waitress nodded and said no problem, then brought us one combined check at the end of the meal. FAIL. In addition to those disappointments, the Troy location really lacks the authenticity of the Syracuse joint. As our friend commented, it seems like they tried to corporate the Troy location up. It feels more like a Fridays or Chili's than the Dinosaur BBQ Biker Bar we love in Syracuse.
4/5 stars for me here. I stopped in here as a group of 7 on the drive back from Vermont. The place is literally right on the Hudson river in Troy. Huge windows so you can see the water. Outdoor seating, the whole 9. I bet its packed outside when the weather is not below freezing....We were seated right away and I noticed the place is ENORMOUS. (much like the other ones I have been too) Service came right away and before you knew it we had our food in front of us. I ordered the half brisket and half pulled pork dish. It came with 2 sides and i ordered BBQ beans and Mac & Cheese. The food was incredibly tasty. Great smoke ring. Not too fatty, not too lean. The sides too, incredible. It also came with a small little corn bread muffin which was super sweet and delicious. One thing I will take away from this is that I felt GREAT when I left. Unlike every other BBQ place I've ever been, I did not feel stuffed. The meals were served on what felt like prison plates (I've not been to jail..) but they had separate compartments built in. I think this was the main reason for the portions being normal size. I was grateful for that and thank the person who made that decision. If you are close to the Thruway (87) or 91, consider stopping off in Troy in any season for some delicious BBQ. Until next time...
Some average barbque. Entertaining mural on the wall. I liked the green tomatoes, cheese and seasoning. I absolutely hated the beer-cocktails (the scotch one especially.) The beer list is decent though. Maybe I'm spoiled by Memphis and Dallas, but the ribs aren't as tender, the brisket's smoke line is thinner, and the sauce leans too hard toward too-sweet classic KC style for my taste.
This was my first time at Dinosaur BBQ it was the grand opening.The service was great Food was excellent I ordered the sampler which included ribs, brisket, N chicken everything was excellent I had mac n cheese and the beans for my sides also very good.My only complaint is certain seating if you are in a party of two and you want to have room to eat DO NOT allow them to seat you next to the railing to the right of your entrance to the resturaunt.The back of each chair hits against the back of the chair behind you before you even attempt to sit in them. Other wise this is by far the best BBQ in the capital district!!
I wanted to see what all the hype was about, so we hopped in the car and drove 35 minutes to Albany. The place was absolutely packed, there was NO FUCKING parking. After driving around the surrounding blocks for 15 to 20 minutes I finally scored a place not too far from the restaurant. Once inside we were seated right away surprisingly. Our booth's seats were a little uncomfortable, the straight wood back is not for me. We only waited about 5 minutes till a waitress came over with menu's. They have quite the extensive menu of bbq. I decided on a fresh lemonade and my girlfriend ordered a Sam's October ale.  We both agreed upon a sampler appetizer of peel and eat shrimp, deviled eggs, chicken wings, and fried green tomatoes. Everything was very good. By far the shrimp and green tomatoes were my favorite. We went with the custom plates for dinner which were recommended if we wanted to try a few different meats. I am not a big pulled pork fan but I picked the "Tres Hombres" that comes with brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. U get a choice of 2 sides and it comes with corn bread. The Mrs. chose the "Traditional" that comes with 1/4 chicken, ribs, and brisket. The ribs were nice and tender, a nice crust on the outside. Brisket was nice and moist. Smoked chicken had a great flavor and moist. I did not care for the pulled pork I only took a few bites. The macaroni and cheese was AWESOME! I loved every bite, it had a great spice to it and it was nice and cheesy. Corn bread was good as well. My girlfriend and I both were expecting another disaster with bbq food up north since she is from Texas and I lived in Austin for 10 years. I would love to go back again sometime in the future. Its great to find another restaurant thats worth frequenting.
At the risk of swimming against the tide,... this was ok, but not more than that.  I had the Texas Brisket Plate and it was tough.  Help me.  The service was GREAT, the location is rockin', but the brisket was nothing to write home about.  The greens were ok,... Hatties can sleep safe at night.  The roasted Poblano soup was the highlight.  I'll go again, but there's a lot of ground to make up.
We were there tonight around 5pm.  Just went for the first and LAST time!!  Not worth it all....there are two other better places locally for ribs.  My husband & I shared the "sweetheart special" which was a full rack of ribs w/ 4 sides.  Our rack of ribs were dry and I was unable to cut a few ribs off the rack we were sharing.  The meat on the top was sooo dried out.  The ribs themselves were very fatty & greasy.  The potato salad had so much mayo that you would not know there were potato's in it.  The other sides were just ok.   Not going back and I love ribs, but not there!
"A Taste of 'Cuse" by Josh K. I'm a man. I love meat.  I love BBQ. Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is a legendary Syracuse restaurant ( a name which had become synonymous with New York BBQ) and the ideal lunch or dinner pit stop when making the grueling drive across New York State on 1-90. Not too long ago, Dinosaur was simply a cult Central New York hot spot; the restaurant obviously grew in popularity and now has locations in Rochester, Harlem, and yes Troy. It is only fitting that the birthplace of Uncle Sam, now has a somewhat authentic American Bar-B-Que, and Capital Regioners are coming in droves . Prices have risen, it's definitely not cheap, and the restaurant is noisy and crowded.  But with some really good BBQ chicken, tender pulled pork, thinly cut brisket, gut- bursting mac and cheese, and warm, buttery corn bread, I will definitely return. In addition, they have a pretty awesome craft beer selection, delicious peel and eat shrimp, and awesome barbeque fried rice as a tasty side. Poor Syracuse, with Dinosaur Bar-B-Que now only a ten minute drive away, I won't be stopping in the Central New York locale anytime soon.
I can say getting there at 1145 we had not wait and the staff was friendly and efficient. The decor was what you would expect of a BB joint in a city, there was no sawdust on the floor and it was clean. The music was way to loud and you could not here the staff unless they were speaking loudly (or yelling at you), someone must have noticed because after 20 min it was turned down. The menu had a wide variety of platters and sandwiches to pick from with a wide varieties of prices to go along. The meal I chose was the pulled pork and brisket platter with macaroni and cheese and potato salad for my sides. The order arrived fast and the food was hot but for the price I expected WAY more food then I got on my plate (it was no platter). I started with the macaroni and cheese and it was good, I've had better but for a side dish it was good. The pulled pork on the other had was mushy and had no flavor at all on it's own, adding the Dinosaur original BBQ sauce did not help with the flavor at all. The brisket was as flavorless as the pork and dry as sawdust there was nothing you could do to help it. Now being there were 4 of us eating I got to try a couple of other items from there menu, 1 was there ribs and the 2 was there coleslaw. Well the ribs are mediocre at best I've had better at McDonalds and I'm glad I didn't get them, even thou I was going to at first. The coleslaw tasted like it came out of a bag and was as flavorless as the brisket and pulled pork. I can say this for sure the Dinosaur did NOT live up to the hype nor would I ever wait to eat there I was not at all pleased with the food.
Probably the best ribs I've ever eaten.  Great beer selection also,all the beers on tap are local beers.  Love the shipyard beer from Maine, dino is the only place in these area I can find it.  A plus also is that now they are finally serving mash potoatoes and gravy for a side.  I am so happy they are finally in this area and I don't have to travel to Syracuse anymore for some great BBQ.
Seriously? This place does not deserve 4 satrs. Simply put, if you like BBQ ribs, you will like this place. They serve the typical american bbq. NOTHING SPECIAL. And for that reason, I didn't like this place at all (I can taste msg from ther ribs). But my friends liked this place Three stars.
Pulled Pork OUTSTANDING - Ribs DIDO - Service was good &price was right.
This has been my 3rd or 4th trip to the Dino, I've gotten a little more impressed by the food, still not what I'm looking for in BBQ. I am waiting for the best southern BBQ to come up north. The staff at the front door was great, but the staff at the bar not so much, the waitress was more concern about taking our order and getting the food to use quickly, so i think she could go home.  I had the pull pork original platter, it had a good smoke flavor to it and a nice after bite from sauce.
Really good food but expensive. Sides are very small and that is the only set back to me. Really good hot sauce. I'll go to Pig Pit, I hear they are a lot cheaper and bigger sides.
25++ brewskies on tap, that says quite a lot.. and the bartenders are amazing... Lori, Holly, Rebecca, Staci, etc .. fast, efficient, friendly. Live music quite often, and Right ON the river!~!  The BBQ is aMazing, authentic southern flavor.  We love it.  bit pricey, but .....
Same quality BBQ as the Syracuse location, but much bigger venue. They've retooled the bar as well. Overall, a quality visit on day #2 bodes very well for things to come. Dino will truly shine when the weather warms and the decks open. I wish their www site was updated to include the Troy location. Here's a bunch of pix from our day #2 lunch: tinyurl.com/27av5z4
I just don't get the hype for this place. The atmosphere is pretty good and they have a good beer selection on tap...but the BBQ is just OK. Seriously, it's nothing special. There isn't a lot of competition in the area, which is a shame. When the Troy Pig Out was in town, I was wishing some of the competitors would have stayed.
Lots of beer on tap to try. Great atmosphere. Servers are always out of this world friendly and accommodating, never making me feel rushed...tip them well! The food, while not authentic southern BBQ, is still delicious. The brisket is my favorite. Their mac and cheese is AWESOME, but sometimes has too much pepper in it or can be a bit dry. Sauces are tasty. Baked beans are my favorite.
Got the half chicken with whipped sweet potatoes and mac and cheese. Three sauces to try on the table- regular, garlic chipotle and a habanero. Loved them all, but was hoping for more of a kick with the habenero one. Mac and cheese was awesome- noodles al dente, and sauce wasn't too heavy.
Good comfort food.  Great mac and cheese and beer selection!  A Syracuse classic slowly spreading around NY state! Go check it out when you're in the mood for a casual beer drinking blue collar experience!
I really wanted to give this place 4.5 stars but went for 5 instead of 4. If you like this kind of food, you will love this place. If you don't, i wouldn't bother. The atmosphere, the service and the food are all top notch. I usually don't go for this particular type of bar-b-que but this place turned me 180 degrees. I love it, along with the variety of sides available, I leave this place utterly happy.
They took away UC, an really just became a shell of their former self. I liked going because it had the upstate originality.
Always consistent. I enjoy the portions and that whatever I get it tastes how it should. The take out is always correct and with generous portions. I love the pulled pork, always has that wood smoked taste that I long for, never immitation or just hap hazardly thrown together. Not the world's best ribs, but I'm a rib snob, I think I've had the best from my dad. What can I say, I'm partial. They do have a fantastice beer selection and it is a cool spot in Troy.
Good BBQ and atmosphere, but if you want excellent barbecue in the area go to Capital Q.
A must-visit when I'm in the area. Bigger than the Rochester and Syracuse locations, so way easier to get seating. It doesn't have the "tons of bikers, but you're okay too" vibe that Rochester has. Take out counter!
Wow we just had takeout from here and it was great. My husband and I ordered the tres hombres (pulled pork, ribs, and brisket) with slaw, sweet potatoes, beans, and potato salad. We also had an order of the deviled eggs. More than enough food for two people. This was some of the best BBQ I have had in a long time, and every side was great as well. I can't wait to go back and try other menu items. I will also state that the woman who ran the takeout counter was friendly, informative, and super helpful.
The service was incredibly friendly, only matched by the great quality of BBQ and sides they serve. Gotta try their lemonades, very fresh and served in a glass jar, pretty. Will keep going for some excellent BBQ in the Capitol region.
What a let down... So much hype  but it didn't reflect. 6 "jumbo" wings are normal sized.. And cost a whopping $7... Cucumber and tomato salad was soggy and drenched in italian dressing. Soup was served in a plastic cup and the sandwich looke like a slider. At least we finished everything... But I you want good wings and better beer, go across the street to Browns Brewery.
Tasty barbecue.  Creole honey mustard is in my top 3 favorite sauces I.ve ever tasted.
Amazing. The ribs are perfectly seasoned and fall right off the bone. Plenty of BBQ sauce options to choose from and great location by the river with live music. A must go.
I previously worked in Downtown Syracuse near the original Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. While I would say there is not a difference in the quality or preparation of the food there is something to be said for the experience. The location in Troy has a sterile, corporate vibe to it. That being said, it has maintained some of the values of the original. While you might wait a while for a table, food is delivered quickly. There is also a vast selection of draft beers. A private lot and a nearby garage make parking pretty easy and outdoor seating on the Hudson is a plus.
My daughter, her boyfriend and I drove 1.5 hours to get to this restaurant. It was MORE than worth the trip and we look forward to going again soon!  Though one can expect a 30 minute or more wait despite the in name only call ahead sitting, the food is worth waiting for and there is PLENTY of it. The ribs are fall off the bone perfect, the pulled pork and brisket tender and delicious.  Our appetizer which featured deviled eggs (we could live without those...uninspired), Shrimp (incredible), fried green tomatoes (you can't believe how delicious these are) and the best chicken wings we have ever had was brought out promptly and quickly consumed. All three of us had at least another meals worth of left overs, and though the desserts looked wonderful, there was absolutely no room left to enjoy them.  I highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to going back.
Our first but not our last! Very fun honky-tonk style and well worth a trip to downtown Troy! NOTE: We beat the crowd on the way in but a dozen or more folks were waiting when we left ...... on a Monday evening. Been told they're crazy busy on weekends. They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more. Brisket & pulled pork were delicious. Ribs were just ok for me but more than good enough to get again. Deviled eggs were good - much better dipped in Wango Tango sauce. Chocolate ice box pie was worth a return trip all by itself. Our server, Sonja, was outstanding ....... n'really purty too.
This is the fourth Dinosaur location I have eaten at.  The ribs were of the same high quality BBQ I have come to expect.  The ribs were perfectly cooked, smokey and plentiful.  The wings were equally as good. Hats off to the owners for taking a chance on Troy!  I was surprised to hear they chose Troy .The city is in desperate need of revitalization,  Having Dinosaur BBQ will enrich the area and draw people.   Great river side location. Beer on the deck is a great way to end the day and start the meal. I can't wait to check out the Newark location!
Maybe it was an off day, but tried at least 1/2 the menu and the only thing edible were the ribs. Deviled eggs- gross, sausage & cheese, sausage good cheese wiz and cracker - gross they even screwed up iced tea and lemonade. So much sugar my kids wouldn't drink it. Someone needs to taste the food before it leaves the kitchen.  Good luck buy TUMS on your way home.
Been here a few times, and so far it's been pretty inconsistent. One time service was outstanding, the waitress was friendly, funny, and instantly likable. Ribs were amazing fall off the bone, super meaty, the beans and spicy mac n cheese was great. House sweet tea was excellent. Icebox pie was awesome. Went here again and got a generally unfriendly waitress who messed up twice, first the wrong drink, then the wrong entree, it was close enough so I didn't complain. The brisket was dried out and more fat than meat...big disappointment. Pulled pork was also very fatty, had much better elsewhere. The ribs were tough and again, very fatty. The table also had a supremely annoying rock to it that I eventually remedied by shoving a stack of napkins under one of the feet. The location is nice, it's in the old Castaways building right on the river. Probably over half the tables are along the fully windowed wall overlooking the river  Deck will be sweet when it warms up. I'll probably give this place another shot eventually but the last visit was definitely a letdown. So a 5 star visit and a 2 star visit...3.5, I'll give it 4 because I'll give them the doubt we caught them on an "off" day, knowing they can be a lot better.
Ribs rank with the best. Sit outside by the river, very nice. Service was excellent and fast...food was in large quantities. Back to the ribs...they were great. Perfectly cooked and lots of meat...Almost a Fred Flintstone size meal ;-) Brisket OK (not as good as PJ's in Saratoga) and the chicken was very good, on par with the ribs. Salad is fresh and the house dressing, a mix of BBQ sauce and...I forget, but it was great.
Fried green tomato appetizer was delicious, creole spiced deviled.eggs were OK (I'm spoiled by those made by my beautiful wife). Had Tres Hombres with sides of Mac and Cheese and Maple whipped sweet potatoes.   Pulled pork was just OK.  I agree with some of the other reviewers who stated that it was soft and a little bland. Ribs were very enjoyable; the meat slid right off the bones and was very flavorful with good texture.  They were not dry or tough as some other reviewers have experienced. The brisket was flat out incredible. I have to admit that I had zero experience with brisket like this coming in, but this was a revelation to me. The brisket will form some part of my meal for all of my future visits to this place! The sides were delicious. Thanks to the reviewers here, I knew to expect the bit of heat in the Mac and cheese. That said, I really like it a lot. Aside from the heat (we're talking mild heat here, folks), there was a little tanginess in it that I enjoyed, but could not quite identify. The Maple whipped sweet potatoes were delicious. My wife had I think the Brisket Bleu sandwich, which she said was fantastic.   Kids had chicken fingers, which I sampled.  These were startlingly delicious for a kids menu item.  I have not tasted better. My mom had the pulled pork sandwich, which she enjoyed immensely. She did not share my opinion about the pork being soft OR bland. Service was fantastic. Great attitude and just the right amount of guidance for noob's like us. Last, loved the atmosphere. Hustling, bustling and noisy in the middle of the afternoon!  Felt like a big party going on. I would give 5 stars were it not for the brutal parking lot and the so-so pork.  I look forward to going back!
for BBQ in Albany, NY? I approve. Their BBQ is good and their sides are great.  Appetizers are yummy as well.  Bring your man appetite when you come here bc the food is filling!
I had really wanted to try Dinosaur because I had heard good things about it from family. I finally got to go to the Troy location last week for dinner and it was delicious! I ordered a platter of ribs, brisket and sausage (which I had always wanted to try at a BBQ restaurant) with collard greens and baked beans and everthing was just right. The meat fell right off the bone, and the brisket tasted good without a lot of BBQ sauce.  The service is effeicent and friendly and the dining room is huge and has a nice patio which overlooks the Hudson River. If you are in the Albany area visit Dinosaur it's an attraction by itself.
I love the wings here. And the BBQ chicken... and most of the sides. I did order the jumbo wings one time and they were anything but jumbo sized. That has only happened once though. A few gripes: I've had the cole slaw a few times and it's been pretty inconsistent. Sometimes it's dressed well, sometimes it's swimming in dressing. The corn bread is dry most of the time, but is still pretty good. Overall, I've never had a bad experience and the food has always been really good.
Great food, reasonable prices had the pulled pork and brisket combo you cant go wrong. Service a little slow but whos in s rush to eat. Definitely going back.
We're picky so three stars is nothing to scoff at.  Outdoor seating in good weather was nice.  Nice they offer things like deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes - they were yummy.  Brisket was very tasty - I liked a it bit more than the pulled pork.  Indoor seating can get pretty noisy and hard to have conversation.  I recommend going, but be prepared for competitive parking.
Such a great restaurant! Great food, atmosphere, location and experience. Love that it's right on the water!
Delicious!! I had the tres ninos, and the pulled pork, brisket and ribs were awesome. So were the Harlem potato salad and Mac and cheese. The beer selection is also impressive, and has lots of local brews. Service was friendly and fast.  If I am ever in Troy again, I will be back!!
Let me first say that this review is based on a take-out experience. Upon dining in, I have (usually) received better service. I've been to dinosaur a total of four times now. The first three times I dined in. Most recently, we went in on a Saturday night, and upon being told we would be waiting 40-45 minutes, we decided to do take-out instead. My order: a half rack of ribs, with fries and mac/cheese as sides. My girlfriend's order: wings, with fries and corn. The total price: $35. Honestly, I've eaten better quality BBQ from fast food joints for a fraction of the price. My ribs were completely dry and flavorless. The meat was stringy, stuck to the bone, and in some instances, undercooked. Two of the six ribs were nothing but fat. The fries were cold and stale, and felt as though they were undercooked. The mac and cheese was overcooked, and the cheese on top was crusty, dry, and flavorless. My girlfriend felt the same way about her order: the wings were terribly dry, totally flavorless, and the sides were equally terrible. The whole experience was a complete waste of money, and I don't plan on ever doing take-out again. Conclusion: Dino BBQ is DEFINITELY overrated. It's usually "half-decent", but certainly not worth the hype. There are a number of small, privately-owned BBQ places in the capital region that serve much better food than this. If you're going here, dine in. If you're a Dino veteran and trying to compare to Syracuse, don't even bother, because the quality does not come anywhere close. I'd also like to add that I am rarely a picky eater, and am not one of those fussy people who EVER send food back. But this experience was particularly awful, and I hope I got my point across...avoid take-out from here at all costs!
I'd heard so much about Dinosaur before I moved to Troy that it was the first place I went out to eat in Troy. It absolutely lived up to the hype. I went at 3 pm so it wasn't busy at all. Our waitress was super helpful and answered all our questions about the menu and even brought us a sample of a side dish that we asked about. The food was delicious, although a little on the greasy side, but hey you don't go to a barbecue place for health food. They got us in and out quickly and it was an overall good experience. I'll definitely be back soon.
One of my favorite places to grab a bite in Troy, or more accurately get a giant plate of great que. great selection of sides to compliment the meats.
I chose this restaurant as the venue for my husband's surprise birthday party. I called several times before our reservation date and each time I spoke with people who were very helpful. Everyone was very professional and willing to help me plan this special event which included a reservation for almost 15 people. The food was excellent and the surprise went off without a hitch!
it opens until late night. great if you are looking for some bbq at any time. ribs and chicken wings are the best.
food--too salty, not enough taste. i had to drown my pulled pork in bbq sauce. devil hot wings--not enough sauce, i was laughed at when i told my group they'd be hot and they weren't help---ok enough i guess sad, bc i always loved coming here to hang out and get some ok food tvs were not all working the day we went for the game and the tv channels kept getting changed
I had a craving for smoked meat so I called it in!! The person on the phone was friendly and fast she gave me a window to pick up my Q and I headed over. The parking lot is always full so my tip is park across the street and walk over makes life easier. I got in just before the time the person on the phone told me to be there so my I had to wait a bit but  sitting in the entrance is a fun people watching place most folks look like they are on a mission following their nose with sweet smell of BBQ everywhere. My order was up and out the door I went.    The brisket and blue sandwich is top notch not to hot but has a little kick to that brings a tear to your eye.  Bean and mac& chees this trip always a winner went with a  rack as an appetizer just too good. The corn bread was not as good as usual this trip but hell that's not why I walked through the door.
1. the parking lot is indeed a cluster F.  i live in downtown Troy & had no idea how I'd get into the lot, so i walked. 2. the SIDES are nothing special.  the "BBQ Beans" have all the appeal of beans from a can, no flavor or color.  BBQ Beans indicates to me that they've been cooking for hours, soaking up delicious flavors, and looking delicious.   Cole slaw, again, nothing special.  the BBQ fried rice is ok.  fried green tomatoes pretty good.  mofo eggrolls pretty good.  i do like the cornbread, but big deal.  mac & cheese very gummy.   3. it was probably my own fault to order their only vegetarian option, a portabello burger with grilled veg.  What a disappointment.  what arrived was a big brown unappealing looking bun that managed to be stale outside & soggy inside.  the "grilled" veg included a few very small strips of wilted zucchini, a few curls of raw red onion, some little bits of roasted red pepper.  As it was advertised as a "burger" i anticipated a big old mushroom cap.  instead, what i got was a sad, flat little miniature portabello.  the damn thing looked like a burnt silver dollar pancake. I took one bite, got a raisin-sized bite of mushroom, was disgusted that the innards of the sandwich were so slippery that you couldn't eat it with your hands.  Not really an issue, b/c all i took was the one bite.  the stupid thing was falling apart on me after ONE sorry bite. My mum gave me 1/2 her Cuban so i didn't go hungry.  they do make a pretty good Cuban. it was my mistake to wait until the end of the meal to complain.   my folks told me not to make a fuss.  But i had to say something to the manager like Are you kidding with this?   (my bad, i was starving so i ate the "grilled" veggies.  then i had no proof to show the manager... she insisted the kitchen uses burger sized mushrooms.) i realize this is a BBQ joint, but to have only ONE sad veg option is insulting.   anyway, I eat meat.  that's what i should have ordered.  people at my table ordered ribs & they looked KICKASS. I would NEVER GO HERE AGAIN on my own dime, b/c it's way overpriced. i was looking at their menu to take home MEAT ONLY, & it's too expensive.   so, for those of you who equate paying too much with having enjoyed your meal, you will probably love this place.
Good service and a surprising amount of vegetarian food for a BBQ place.  There's usually a daily veg side special, the tomato cuke salad is great, and the smoked portabello mushroom sandwich is to die for!
I'm from Las Vegas where your options after 10pm are quite extensive and varied.  If you are trying to catch a late dinner in the Albany area you will find your options very limited, at least from what I have found so far. Here's a place that serves until Midnight during the week, a little later on the weekend, but does close early at 10pm on Sunday. Its not unusual to have to wait for a table when arriving before 10pm, so a trip to the bar while waiting is always a great option. Here you will find a great selection of beers, both on tap and in bottles. I have always had great service the few times I have stopped in for a late meal and a few beers. The portions have been ample. I have enjoyed the pork ribs, the big ass pork plate, bar b q chicken. The weekends usually have music bands so it can get a little loud. In addition, the appetizer sampler plates can also serve as a meal where they let you add two sides.
This is now my fourth time here (twice for business, twice personal) and I just don't get it.  The ribs are just so so .. actually this time they were overcooked and our chicken was undercooked.  The sides are nothing to write about with the exception of the fries.  Postiives ... great hamburger and wings, the pickled jalapenos.  Negatives ... way too loud, waitress with an attitude that had no idea the meaning of customer service and did I mention subpar ribs ... passable at a non barbq place but c'mon this is what they are known for.
Small portions, overpriced and employees were rude.  First and last time.  I would not recommend.
Go to Syracuse.
Delicious. If you want to achieve food-enlightenment -- order the Sesame Hoisin wings along with the sweet potato mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. That is all.
Dinosaur is the best BBQ around, and having one about 5 mins away is a great feeling. No more driving 2.5 hours to Syracuse. Having been to all the other locations, I was anxious to see what Troy had to offer. Syracuse was always my #1 before, but Troy is definitely just as good as the original. If you do not get the ribs here, you have lost out. Best thing on the menu, hands down. Since Troy has a few menu items specific to the location I decided to try one and go with the "hot link" sausage. Actually I got the "ode to lockhart" which was sausage, beef brisket, and 1/4 rack of ribs, but instead of brisket, i got pulled pork. And for sides, the soup and harlem potato salad. The soup of the day was a cheddar ale, and man did that exceed my expectations. Spicy, creamy, it was outstanding. The sausage was very different than traditional sausages. Spiced more like a nathans hot dog. It was a nice adaptation. Great meal, great service, great location. They will be here for a long time to come.
Now I know what all the hype is about! Dinosaur BBQ was a great experience, with delicious barbecue, and it's in a great location (especially if the weather is nice and you can sit outside). First, I was really impressed with the size of the place; the décor is nice with lots of dark wood. Having never been here before, we had our waitress (who was super sweet) give us the run-down on the menu. I was immediately overwhelmed... there are almost too many options to chose from. I ended up going with a platter which included the brisket and chicken breast, a side of greens, and a size of sweet potatoes. All of the meat had really nice flavor to it, I was especially impressed with the sauce on the chicken. Also the sides were delicious as well, my only complaint (and you'll hear it from me time and time again in a bbq joint) is that the meat wasn't fork tender. All said and done, I would definitely make a trip back to Dinosaur BBQ.
what am i suppose to say? i totally agree with other reviewers! it is a heaven of meat lovers
surprising lived up to expectations..good as the original in 'cuse w/o the ghetto ambiance..would have fit in better at the more grungier parts of town...parking can be a bitch but prompt friendly efficient  service..hard to believe they're new..
I have been coming to Dinosaur Barbeque for years. When I learned Troy location opening I was estatic. I love the barbeque it is quality and a fun down to Earth place to visit. Expect nice sized portions and tasty food. The mac and cheese is awesome as well as fries and chili. Love the pulled pork sandwich. Its like sex on a plate.
Awesome food + awesome service = awesome place!  My first impression of this place is definitely gonna last!  We were a party of 14 who came in at 11:30. The server was fast, efficient, knew all the specials, and had our drinks ready in less than 10 minutes, at which time she took our food orders. Food came at exactly 12pm.  That is really fast service, especially as the place was already jampacked when we came. In fact, most of us came in at 11:15, and there was already a small line waiting to be seated. And the food! What can I say about the food? It was great! Appetizers were again ready in 10 minutes, and once the server cleared up our plates from that, the main dishes came. Hot but did not burn your tongue. The bbq sauce was not slathered on thickly (as some bbq places have it) so you get the rich taste of it with the well-cooked (not overdone) ribs.  As a result, the taste wasn't overwhelming that all you get on your tongue is sauce---but a savory blend of tender meat and sauce.  Price-wise it's in the same range as Giffy's but slightly less than Old Daley's, but the service and food are definitely worth it---which is to say, for me it's reasonable considering we didn't even wait long for anything we ordered.  You won't leave hungry because the servings are just right, and you won't leave cranky because of poor service or the price.  I highly recommend this to anyone who loves barbeque and ribs!!!
I've been to the Original Syracuse location a number of times and was looking forward to going to the local one in Troy. I'm not sure I'll be back. I had to park next to the brew pub to begin with. The service was reasonable but the meal was disappointing. Apparently they have nothing smaller than a battle ax to chop the cabbage for the cold slaw.The pulled pork sandwiches were tepid with large chunks of cold pork. The steak fries were too salty. Though it took longer than expected for the food to come, it seemed like the actual preparation was rushed, like everything is slammed together.
Ate catering from here for an event... It was super tasty!
Loved it! My first to Troy so I was not familiar with the area to pick the right restaurant location. What's more, very few restaurants are open on Sundays when I checked their websites. We were a group of 13, which included 8 kids of all ages. The restaurant location is excellent, service was great,  great atmosphere, table was ready on time with advance calls to me to confirm the reservation, and the food was excellent! Loved it. We paid $300 total with tax and tip for 13 people, which is reasonable. Would definitely come back.
View is great, service is great, ambiance is good, chicken wings are good, but that is where it ends. I am from Texas and this is in no way barbecue. I cannot believe people rave about the ribs...when you have to use a knife to cut ribs it is bad. The meat should fall off the bone. The sausage???? I don't even know what in the heck that was!!!! I have never seen sausage in a barbecue place that looked like polish sausage. This is NOT barbecue! If I could give less then one star I would.
As a vegetarian, let me just say....Dino BBQ was great!  The fried green tomatoes (which I'd never had before) were probably the best thing on the menu!  There was only one veg entree (not surprising at a bbq restaurant), a grilled portabello sandwich; I'm usually not a big fan of these, but this was really good since it had a lot of other grilled veggies on it too, and was served on a nice whole wheat roll rather than the white ones I noticed the meat-eaters at the table received their sandwiches on.  Also, the sides are SO good!  I was actually considering getting a bunch of different sides instead of an entree since there are so many good ones to choose from.  I ended up with the maple mashed sweet potatoes and mac and cheese, both delicious!  The beer selection was great, they had something like 25 beers to choose from on tap and another 25 bottled.  Including Brown's Oatmeal Stout :-)  As for dessert, I got to taste the key lime pie (probably the lightest and tastiest of our table's desserts, IMO), the chocolate ice-box cake, and the peanut butter pie, which were also really good (the peanut butter pie was almost TOO good, very rich and hard to have more than a few bites of, good for sharing!)
I really enjoy this place!  The food is really great and that is coming from someone who has always hated BBQ!  I think its because the meat seems to be slow marinated for a long time in the BBQ sauce rather than having it just slapped on top.  Not sure if it is, but I'd suspect I am right because its extremely flavorful and tender.  I've been to other Dinosaur locations and have always been satisfied.  This one is equally great but is usually VERY busy so it can be frustrating if you're with a large party or in a hurry.  I would recommend going for an early dinner versus a later one on almost any night.  It seems to pick up and get busy around 6:30-7.  As long as you can get a reservation in, do take-out, or get there at an "off" time, you'll definitely enjoy yourself!  Its wonderful food and a great time and a resaonable price!  Also...live music every weekend so that's always a great time!!!
Let me tell you, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is delicious. I've been to this joint two times over the last year, and have yet to be disappointed. The main downfall is how busy the place gets. Be prepared for a long wait time on a Friday or Saturday night. Our wait time my second visit was an estimated 1.5 hours. While we waited, my family and I headed for the bar to grab some drinks. The bartender offered us dinner menus so we could just eat at the bar if we didn't feel like waiting for a table. It was awesome, we ate an entire family size combo meal right there at the bar. Our bartender was super friendly and accommodating and didn't seem bothered that we were eating pounds of ribs and pulled pork. Honestly, I cannot wait to come back again! I don't understand the haters...this place rules.
Food's pretty good, but expensive. It's kind of borderline for me. Never eaten in the resteraunt. Always gotten take out.
yea, just an average 3 stars for dino. this is not the original in syracuse, duh, its in troy, good location and i bet watching the river with a couple of pops is a good afternoon, but i was into dinner.  my thoughts? ok, nothing worth re-visiting. service was lax at first, but the guy did have a hella far way to go (farthest station) and he was giving a hustle, no problems there, but you know, i wasnt truely digging it like i did in cuse'. i got a brisket cuban, i dare not think it was a real cuban roll.  mostly it was ok, i was not too impressed.  i got mac and cheese, not as great as my last experience and bbq fried rice (pass) they graciously gave me some mashed and gravy and that was a nice upgrade. my comrades got some wings and salads?  anyway, i dont have an issue with dinobbq, but if i need to have it again, im waiting till i get to the 315 wilma!
On weekends is it pretty busy except for Sunday it gets a little less busy. I would definitely recommend the pulled pork sandwich with all the fixins. The pork had a nice smokey flavor and was cooked really well. I've been a couple times and the service has been good most of the time. I would definitely recommend going.
Honestly do not know what all the fuss is about. Had always heard mixed reviews but a gift card got us to try it...and we live in Troy. Figured after this many years being open they would finally have worked the kinks out of an establishment that size. We went around 5:30 on a Friday night. Parking was easy getting in, but not when we left getting out. We just beat the rush. We chose self seating on the patio. There were about 9 other tables seated besides us and more than one server. Our waitress greeted us promptly however... We received our appetizers and they were nearly gone by the time we received our beers. We ate our appetizers with our fingers and The food runner had to furnish us with silverware when he brought out our entrees. Onto those.... For apps we had the fried green tomatoes and drunken spicy shrimp. The tomatoes, despite other negative reviews, were pretty good. The coating is super crunchy, not overcooked, so if you're not a fan of breading you won't like them because that's where the majority of taste comes from. I liked them and the spicy ranch they're served with was REALLY good. The shrimp was so-so, despite raving reviews. They were tasty but you have to peel them yourself. The seasoning on them is lost with the discarded peels. I had the pulled pork sandwich with Mac and cheese. The pork was tasty and tender but the BBQ sauce appeared dumped onto the sandwich and by the time it got to me it was running over the side of my plate. Half the sandwich was dry. The Mac and cheese was also dry and in my opinion nearly flavorless and blah. A friend had the Dino Poutine. The pork on it was dry (shocker) but had good flavor. Not enough gravy and surely needed something on the side for dipping. Perhaps that yummy ranch should be served with them? My boyfriend had the rack of ribs and said they were good but they didn't come with a side of sauce which is strange. The maple whipped sweet potatoes are nothing special but SUPER tasty. It made me hate my Mac and cheese all the more. It wasn't that busy when we were there and personally our waitress should've had her shit together and the service definitely could have been better. Food overall is tasty but dry. Save any sauces you get or ask for some extra on the side. And after you place your drink order, track it's submission to the bar less it gets lost along the way. I'd hate to see what would've happened had it been busier. We might have never received beverages and choked to death. We will give it one more try in the near future before completely writing it off.
Cool location and great vibe.  Authentic BBQ with fantastic menu. Prices are fair and very nice selection of beer. This is a fun place with a cool location and great food.
The BBQ was really good.  I got a design your own combo platter, which is a menu option I really appreciate.   I picked two meats and two sides (larger portions are available).  I got ribs, brisket,  maple mashed sweet potatoes,  and macaroni and cheese.  Portions were generous.  The ribs fell off the bone and were delicious.  The brisket was a bit fatty but well cooked and tender. I would have given more stars for the food, but the restaurant is really loud and crowded.  It was a Tuesday night and totally packed.  The service was mediocre.  Our waitress seemed out of it and it is difficult to tell who worked there as the wait staff was just wearing regular clothes.   Maybe I am not being fair or just getting old and crabby about loud crowded restaurants.   Service was kind of slow but the food quality was worth it and getting beverage refills was not a problem.
Had food that they catered for lunch. Pretty good barbeque for catered food. Ribs were real good as was the slaw and the peppery Mac and cheese. The beans were different than I have had before and I really liked them.
I'm told this is one of the better restaurants in Troy. Parking was a bit difficult though the inside was quite bare. The place is a local chain though a chain nonetheless, with bottled sauces to take home and a gift shop in the front. Service was slow for a modestly filled dining room. They had a nice selection of NY and northeast beers. We started with BBQ shrimp served chilled with a light seasoning similar to Old Bay though not quite as salty. The shrimp themselves were a bit underwhelming. I got the St. Louis half rack which was a good size though overly smoked yet lacking the smoke flavor. The meat was on the dry side requiring utilization of the table side sauces which were fairly run of the mill. We also ordered the brisket and the pulled pork which I am told were moist and delicious. The selection was sides were good, I got the collards and the tomato and cucumber salad; both were flavorful and piquant.
Had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich with a side of coleslaw. Sandwich was only warm when served. Coleslaw was meh.
One wouldn't expect to find such an expert degree of comfort food in Upstate New York, but Dinosaur Bar-B-Que isn't your typical sort of BBQ joint. Whether choosing the ribs, pulled pork, BBQ chicken or any one of their plentiful sides, you have to wonder whether they infuse everything with cocaine -- it's that good. I've never had ribs that are simultaneously super meaty, yet fall of the bone with such ease. And their sauce is pure BBQ heaven. The Troy location is large, and the service is decent. It's not always a good thing to talk up a place this much, but I honestly believe you won't be disappointed with anything that is offered here.
It's great to back near Dino, great wings !!
I'm from Texas, and down in Texas we take Bar-B-Que very seriously.  That said, I fully expect a place called "Dinosaur Bar-B-Que" to either serve dinosaur meats, serve dinosaur cliental, or be owned by dinosaurs.  When I arrived at dinosaur BBQ, I realized that none of these were the case and was disappointed.  Seems that dinosaur BBQ is just a silly name, which rubs me the wrong way, because I take BBQ seriously. Now the first thing I like to do when I go to a BBQ place is to park my car.  Apparently y'all do things differently in the north, because there is no way that the parking lot at Dinosaur BBQ (henceforeth known as DBBQ) can accommodate the amount of cars that it would take to fill the seats inside the meatery.  I had to park a good ways away, and downtown Troy ain't known for its abundant parking.  So after parking a couple blocks away and walking to DBBQ, what I wanted was to be hit by a wall of good meat smells. From here on out, I'm going to be comparing DBBQ against Rudy's BBQ.  Rudy's proudly boasts that it is the "worst BBQ in Texas".  Look it up; I ain't lying.  When I walk into a Rudy's, I'm hit by a meaty meat smell that let's me know the meats are good.  Not so much with DBBQ.  The swank of the place is okay, and has a nice atmosphere. Now when I opened the menu, I got a bit of sticker shock.  The prices are high.  Now I don't mind paying a bit for food, but with a high price I expect high quality.  $16 for some brisket at DBBQ means that it should be better than what I could make with $16 at the super market.  Sadly, that is not the case.  The brisket, which is a staple in BBQ, was nice, but by no means outstanding.  Meanwhile, the brisket at Rudy's in Texas is out of this world and costs a fraction of what it does at DBBQ.  Disappointing. Now the last thing that can save a BBQ is some good ol' in-house sauce.  Sadly, the sauce at DBBQ just ain't cutting it.  I tried their spicy sauce to get some kick, and was confused.  I'm not sure what I'd call their spicy stuff.  Is there a category that is less spicy than 'mild'? It's a good yankee try, but it just ain't up to snuff.  Too much money for not enough taste.  I won't be going back.  I feel like I paid for twice as many meals as I got.  I guess good BBQ and Mexican food are two things you just can't find in the Albany area.
Decent bbq but not worth the hype. Try Pig Pit BBQ in Cohoes instead. Better tasting and cheaper!
I have eaten here twice and was disappointed both times. This place gets great reviews and I don't see why. I got the classic pulled pork sandwich and it tasted like I was eating firewood. I got chicken and it had almost no flavor. The French fries are weak. I am never eating here again. The service was good the first time and the second I had to go find someone to refill my drink after trying my firewood sandwich and waiting 20 mins.
Let me start by saying, I have only been to the Dinosaur in Troy, and have not been to any of the other restaurants.  They are know for the BBQ, but I think it is a lot of hype.  I like the sauce they make and even buy it at the local store.   Have been here a few times now and although it is not a bad place, it is nothing special.  Every BBQ place I've ever been too, I always try the pulled pork and ask for the sauce on the side.  That way I can taste something other than sauce.  Of course I did this at Dinosaur and was not very impressed.  I hear that the Syracuse location has better food.  Dinosaur seems to have grown by leaps and bounds opening a bunch of restaurants, so to me it feels like a theme chain restaurant when I walk in, and has expensive chain prices.  On the plus side, it is large, clean, and has live music.  They also have a VEGAN option (if your order the Portobello sandwich without mayo) which is very rare for BBQ place.
Staying at the Best Western beside the hotel again for work. Ordered room service from here because I had a mountain of work to do.   Arrived quickly.   Did not bring any change. (Told them I was paying cash) Did not bring any cutlery. Not sure how I was supposed to eat the pulled pork and coleslaw and Mac and cheese. Pulled pork. Was good. Not much sauce and no extra brought with then meal but it was tender.   Sides were good as well. It's not Texas or southern BBQ but it was alright for something different than room delivered pizza!
Omfg by far the best best food I've ever eaten in my life! If I had one closer to me I'd be screwed. I had the pulled pork and and beef brisket. It was melt in your mouth and cut with a fork delicious! Our waiter  Gary was the baddest ass waiter! I would defiantly drive the hour plus and wait to eat here again! The manager came over and had a great conversation with us all about how the cook their brisket. Great staff great food one if the best place in the world!
Yum. I came here several months back with my family & have been craving Dinosaur BBQ ever since. Their BBQ is some of the best that you can find in the North. Tips: -I came here on a Saturday night around 7pm, & it was packed. I highly recommend making a reservation (you can do it online) & coming early in order to secure a parking spot, which fill up very quickly during the dinner rush. -Try the pulled pork sandwich - the meat is juicy, flavorful, & very tender. -You can buy bottles of their BBQ sauce to take home.
Busy. I recommend staying away near mealtimes. My party waited 1.5 hours for a table when we arrived at 6PM on a Saturday night. It is right on the river, so when you wait there is plenty of space to walk and sit on a nice evening. Despite the long wait with a toddler the staff was great and accommodating. The aroma from the kitchen is to die for. This means, you are hungry as soon as you arrive and the wait is pretty hard. Once we sat down the length time to eating our meals was pretty quick. The food arrived hot and tasted great. I wouldn't put this down as the best BBQ I've had but it didn't wholly disappoint. I was expected more based on the hype of waiting and the amount of people in and out. If you are driving by and hungry I'd stop in, but I wouldn't make a destination out of it.
Stopped by for dinner with the wife and 9 year old daughter. Waitress was very nice and got us drinks very fast for a Troy Night Out. No wait either. We sat on the deck and had a great view of the river and sunset. This was a picture perfect night. We ordered just 2 meals, Tres Ninos and 1/2 chicken-1/2 ribs. It was just enough food for the 3 of us. Sides ordered Sautéed zucchini/eggplant/squash, sweet mashed potatoes, and coleslaw. All was very good. I love their chicken most of all but the ribs were fall off the bone!  We will be back!
My last review mentioned that the pulled pork quality dropped significantly. I was contacted, publicly, by Lindsay A. of Dinosaur BBQ regarding my review, and I was told to contact a manager about my concerns, though it seems that I was ignored. Since the last review, not only has the pork quality remained the same, the pulled pork is no longer actually pulled: my last order of the dish contained large chunks of pork. Since the brisket is and always has been awful, I no longer see any reason to visit Dinosaur BBQ at all, especially with Capital Q Smokehouse not too far away. Lindsay A., if you'd like to contact me regarding this review, it would behoove you not to ignore me when I respond to you.
While in the region for training for work, I was told by some co-workers in the know that I must head up the road to Troy and check out Dino BBQ. Although NY barbeque may not be the real deal southern thing, I figured it must be a step above that in Nova Scotia. Taking the scenic route from East Greenbush, I took in the sights of small town NY and urban decay on the outskirts of downtown Troy, before getting right into the heart of downtown where Dino BBQ is located. The parking lot was jam packed and had other motorized vultures circling for a spot, so I threw in the towel and parked just a bit down the street. Let's be honest, some exercise before and after what was about to happen was a good thing. The restaurant wasn't quite completely full, and I was able to get a small table easily, being a lone international businessman on international business. It's also a pretty big space, with lots of tables, dark wood and a generally easy going atmosphere. Some TVs above the bar run the gamut of sports and/or news if you have the chance to lift your head up from your plate. I went with one of the pints of IPA that they had on tap, in the hopes that the hops and sharp flavour would stand out amongst the bold and spicy flavours of the food, and it did well. I ended up going with one of the chicken and rib combos, with mac and cheese, collared greens and corn bread for my sides. When in Troy, eat as the Trojans do right? It wasn't long before my plateful of gluttony arrived, and I was soon digging in, after snapping a glamour shot, of course. The mac and cheese was wonderfully cheesy, with strings of it noticeably stretching with each forkful. This wasn't no-cop out cheese sauce. The pasta was at a good doneness and was just the kind of mac and cheese that's the stick-to-your-ribs comfort food that it's meant to be. This being Dino, there was also some seasoning on top that gave it just a hint of heat and some more flavour. The corn bread was an individual muffin portion, and normally I'm wary of these, as opposed to their loaf slices counterparts, they're more prone to drying out due to the larger surface area while being cooked. However, this was the exception to the rule, being just slightly crisp on the outside, and moist to the point that it was almost a rough cream once in my mouth, but not undercooked. A quarter rack of ribs came with the meal, and they kept the winning ways of this meal going. Nice bites pulled away from the bones with ease, not completely falling off the bone like an overcooked rib. The ribs toward the smaller end of the rack were a bit chewier though, but still more than edible. There was a good bark and smoke ring, but you could still taste the pork itself, with just a little bit of heat making itself known. The chicken was moist and had the good kind of pink - the smoke ring just under the nicely browned skin, with the requisite bit of heat on the back end. As per their position in this review, the collared greens were a bit of an afterthought to me, but they were just fine. Like a milder spinach, they came with bits of turkey neck meat and turkey broth to keep them from counting as "healthy", which I'm assuming is a bad word here. It wasn't a religious food experience for me, but Dino BBQ was a damn respectable execution of BBQ.
I've been wanting to stop by the Harlem location for the longest time, but had no idea this was actually a chain restaurant. Less than 10 min wait without reservations on a Sunday for 2 ppl, outdoor parking available but congested, and the restaurant is right by the river (= nice view and breeze). There is outdoor seating by the riverside as well. The FOOD: Swag platter - not that much swag going on in my opinion. There is one of each of the following for each person: fried patty of green tomatoes, deviled egg, chicken wing, and a couple medium sized shrimps (they are not jumbo as the zoomed-up pics falsely hint). This was eh, esp. because you don't get much for what you pay. The best part was the wings, which we ended up ordering two more servings of. Wings - Comes in multiple flavors. We loved the WANGO TANGO (a hint of spicy) and just overall good. The garlic chipotle was too spicy and didn't have as great a flavor. Warning, some of the wings come burnt, but guess that's what you get from BBQ. The SERVICE: Friendly, attentive, and quick.
Although I have actually stepped foot in this restaurant and ordered dinner, my business with them had been primarily delivery, until tonight. It seems that they have "banned" my address for any type of food delivery- and really couldn't give me a good reason. My wife and I have ordered from Dino at least once a week. Sure, we had a few issues and several times we have had the driver call us from some address 15 minutes away, thinking it was ours..our address was written down wrong. But tonight, we were told that they would not deliver to this address. I did speak to the GM.Joe Solodo. He was polite, did a lot of backpedaling. I can tell you that my wife and I have never boycotted a restaurant, especially one in our town. We will not order from the restaurant again and will most definitely spread the word. Stay away.
Being from Texas the food is ok.  I like the smoked wings the best.  I guess I was a little spoiled when it comes to BBQ in Texas.
Yum! I always order a Dino burger or a Works burger. I've tried the ribs here too and they were delicious. I'm just not a fan of being messy so I stick with the burger. The waiter seems a bit nonchalant. Service was slow. Waited 20 minutes for the bill.
I didn't think I would like that place but they had really good food and good service but it was very loud in there. I would go there again and I'd recommend it to people.
Went to this place a couple of weeks ago on the recommendation of a colleague at work.  I sat in the bar area and was quickly served by the bartender.  I ordered the full rack of ribs which were absolutely delicious.  I was blown off my feet in how good it was.  My sides included the mac n cheese and mashed potatoes.  The mac n cheese, though, was amazing!  It was a little spicy but incredibly tasty!  The mashed potatoes were good as well, but next time I'll just order a double helping of mac. I will definitely be visiting again!
Today was our second visit to the Dinosaur. The first time was when they first opened in Troy, I thought the food was good then but wanted to try again when the hype died down.  My husband and I brought our 2 children. The place was pretty empty for a Sunday afternoon and we were reminded twice by two waitresses that it was "change of shift". Our waitress Rona was friendly and attentive. She was there whenever we needed anything, she was great and our drinks and food came in out in record time. The food was good, no complaints here. It wasn't anything fantastic, but it was good. My problem today was with the cleanliness and cluelessness of the staff. From where we were seated I had a perfect view of the computer and side of the bar. I watched with disbelief as a waitress dropped a drinking straw onto the dirty floor and promptly picked it up and put it directly into some poor souls water. Then a different waitress stepped on a plastic to-go bag, it stuck to her shoe.... But that didn't stop another friendly waitress from peeling it off of her shoe and placing it back onto the shelf with the other bags. Needless to say when I asked for a box for my leftovers I said no thanks to the bag. I'm unsure whether or not we will return anytime soon.
There's a waiter there who has such a love for beer and serving customers, it was a pleasure to listen to him talk about the different beers they offer and the brewery that makes them. The joy was apparent in his face. What a great server! All around the staff is pleasant and attentive. The food is reliable and tasty. Never had anything bad.
Tasty barbecue (though you are north of the mason-dixon so it's obviously not top-notch). Beer selection is large and tasty and the service is prompt and quick. Good for a dinner with friends.
The first time I had Dinosaur Bar-B-Que was not in Harlem...not in Park Slope...but in Troy! I had no patience to wait in the Park Slope location. In contrast, when we came here on a Wednesday afternoon, there were plenty of seating available. It is a spacious venue and we were seated with a nice view of the river. I ordered the bbq brisket and pulled pork combination platter, which included 2 sides, while the hubby ordered a 1/2 rack of pork ribs which also came with cornbread and 2 sides. Wow, they gave us a lot of food, portions were perfect, and everything was so delicious, juicy, and full of flavor! Sure, we probably ordered too much food for lunch, but the bill was not damaging at all. The plus is that the prices are relatively cheap compared to the NYC location, not a surprise. Oh and here's a random tidbit, I love how Troy has changed because I saw some bicycle parking racks in the parking lot!
We ordered up (delivery) a few pick-3 platters with spicy mac-n-cheese and loved it.  The ribs were a little dry and they didn't include much bbq sauce but the pulled pork and brisket were great!!!  That mac is also way above average!!!
Came here on a Monday night and sat at the bar. Waitress had her head in the clouds but took the order promptly. Food came quick. Taters were bitching, fries okay, pulled pork sandwich was okay. Tainted Southern BBQ palate makes finding good BBQ in the northeast painstakingly onerous. Ambiance is cool after the second beer. I'll try somewhere else next time.
We were really excited that they would deliver to downtown ALBANY....But after we ordered at 6pm we FOUND OUT that IT WOULD TAKE 2.5 HOURS TO ARRIVE!!! The delivery man was very friendly but the FOOD WAS COLD and they forgot the requested flatware! Not planning on delivery ever again.
Half chicken platter with Mac n cheese, BBQ beans, greens, cornbread, and 3 slices of fried green tomatoes. Chicken - 4/5 moist and grilled well. Collars greens were great - 5/5 will probably order more. Cornbread - 3/5 BBQ beans - 3/5 Mac n cheese - 2/5 I couldn't put my ginger on what was wrong with it Fried green tomatoes - 3/5 greatly overpriced, and they had some sort of a sweet taste to them. Hospitality - 5/5. I began feeling very lightheaded and nauseous while I waited for my order (take out). An employee noticed and offered ice water and a piece of cornbread... This helped tremendously. I really appreciated gesture, so I gave them a 4/5 overall.
I am a seasoned BBQ vet and this place was solid not spectacular. Had the brisket, ribs and chicken all were edible but out of the three the ribs were the best. Best things in the menu were the fried green tomatoes and the deviled eggs. Made the mistake of getting the salad, would have much preferred other sides but my attempt at being healthy ended in failure. Nothing to go out of you way for but not bad for a quick meal.
I'm not all that impressed with this place anymore.  I'm not sure if the quality has actually gone downhill or that the BBQ here just never was all that great to begin with. I went there this weekend and it tasted like the food wasn't fresh.  The chicken was dry, the corn bread was stale and and the brisket portion of my combo (which is always the highlight) was paltry.  I typically get the BBQ fried rice and mac and cheese as sides and they were both tasty. Also, the service wasn't terrible but could use improvement in the outside area.  The waitress managed to bring out the wrong sandwich and beverage for my guest.  I realize mistakes happen so I wasn't too upset but then she said she was going to "comp" the sandwich which was unnecessary but appreciated.  However when we got the bill, both sandwiches were on the bill with one being "comped" so we didn't actually get a complimentary anything, they just removed the sandwich that wasn't ordered in the first place.  A very odd experience. With that said, it is a nice atmosphere and quite pleasant sitting outside on a nice day so I wouldn't be completely against going back but I'm going to try the other BBQs restaurants in the area first.  Maybe somewhere else I can get more bang for the buck.
Stopped in last night 7/8 for dinner on our way to Vermont from picking my Man up from Albany airport. Not sure what people are talking about for everything was awesome for us! Sat on the outside patio Elisa waited on us n was very knowledgeable about the menu n beer! Brought me two samples of beer to try. We had a pint n a flight a pulled pork sandwich with mac n chess, 6 wings and a sm chopped garden salad. The bill was $35 bucks left full n content! Will return when traveling through again.
Good place for barbecue. We went on a Friday night and had to fight for a place to park. It was kinda exiting and there was a 20 minute wait to sit down and every thing smelled amazing around us! They shuffled us into 2 seats in the middle of the madness and our waitresses (who must have been on the end of a double shift) gave us service with no emotion whatsoever. She slammed my beer down and didn't even stop to check if I was traumatized. Food was really pretty good and on the merit of the food alone I would definitely go back. Honestly, service aside, it was a great meal. It's hard to find fresh cut fries, but when you do, it says something telling about what else doesn't come from a freezer in the establishment.
Dino is as Dino does. I have been to the Rochester and Syracuse Dinosaur BBQs many times, and this is the most enjoyable of the three. The seating by the river is really what makes the difference, though this one is also pleasantly less crowded and more friendly as well. We were here on a Saturday afternoon after the farmer's market. Obviously the menu does not change much from place to place, but it is what you'd expect- very good classic BBQ fare. The cole slaw, cornbread, baked beans, all great as usual. Pulled pork and chicken great also. Not over the top *superb*, but certainly very good and better than anything else nearby.   Beer menu is great and just what one would need. They have Ommegang, Dogfishhead and a variety of others. Probably 10+ solid beers on tap, and 20+ total. The only thing I'd suggest is some more stouts. We'll be back for sure. Maybe for dinner with a group of friends, and see how that goes.
Food was OK. Parking is good. Price was a little high but not out there. Atmosphere was great. Waitresses were on the ball. Definately would do again.
Toss up 3 or 4. Went out on a limb and ordered the jerk salmon. At a BBQ place!  It was actually fantastic!  Cooked perfectly and delicious. However, because the service was slow the salmon and the fried rice it was served on was cold. Mentioned it as feedback to waitress and was told they don't have any microwaves in the back otherwise she'd warm it up. Ugh!!! I said "I hope not" The sides were the right temp(Cajun corn and sweet potatoes)  and were good. hot wings were good: some Wango tango and some jerk. Not crispy deep fried but over fire made for complex flavors. Others in party got the mojito chicken and pulled pork. Very good.   Not the first time here and service is usually mediocre but acceptable so not surprised.
The hours posted here on Yelp are closing at 11 pm. Be aware that they stop seating at 10 pm. We arrived at 9:58 and waited for the hostess. She was very sorry to tell us that she couldn't seat us. As we were discussing what to do when the little manager came running to remind the waitress that No we couldn't be served. It was as if he had a hot date and couldn't wait to get out of there! We went across the street to Bombers Burrito Bar and ate a nice meal although is was VERY loud and had to yell to converse
The American Dream is alive and well and is served with barbecue sauce and cornbread. Yes, it's a chain. In truth it's a rather small chain, with Dinosaurs in Rochester, Syracuse, Troy, Harlem, Brooklyn, Newark, and Stamford. For those chain haters out there, put down your flame-throwers, at least until you learn about the history of this chain. According to their website, the Dinosaur BBQ first appeared in Albany as a motorcycle festival food-truck in 1983.  Over the next five years, grub from Dinosaur BBQ could only be found on the road, as they criss-crossed the Northeast dishing up bbq at motorcycle shows, fairs, and festivals. In 1988, they opened their first brick and mortar restaurant, a small lunch and dinner place in downtown Syracuse. Two years later, they had become popular enough to triple their size and add a full bar and live music.  They seemed to have struck a secret formula, because here we are 23 years later and they now have a total of seven locations from Newark to upstate New York. The Troy location is in a pretty setting, right on the river within view of the Green Island Bridge. It has a ridiculous beer selection - 25 on tap, 22 by the bottle and 4 by the can! I was thrilled to see Yuengling on the menu, I can't get that in my home state. Their menu is worthy of a place named after the largest things that walked the earth - a dozen or so small plate/appetizers, plates of every description (ribs, pork, brisket, chicken) with cornbread and 2 sides, Custom plates like steak, salmon or catfish, Combo plates to mix and match, sandwiches and burgers. Yes they do have salads too and a vegetarian smoked portobello entrée - a multi grain bun sandwich served with grilled zucchini, roasted peppers, melted swiss, red onion and BB Q mayo. Our lunch was a Chopped salad with roast turkey, a chicken club sandwich, and a Memphis pork sandwich, and 2 beers - it ran us $40 before tip. The food was wonderful- great sandwiches, and tasty roast turkey in my salad. I loved the 2 house BBQ sauces, I used them as my salad dressing. The sandwich sides were Harlem Potato Salad, and salt potatoes. They were both excellent. I found it hard not to like Dinosaur. The food was very good, service was prompt and friendly, it's a big open space to roam around in, watch some sports on the tvs in the bar, and check out the gift shop for some sweet T Shirts. Lessons learned? You can get good BBQ in New York, and not all chains are evil soul suckers
For my 500th Yelp Review, fittingly, we finally got around to going to the most-reviewed place in the entire CRUST (Capital Region of UpSTate). Yo, give me a shoutout, I made it to 500. The main problem with this area: the riverfront should be festooned with places like Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, nicely tricked out spots with industrial-river views, decent cuisine, a variety of adult beverages, and a positive easy-going vibe. The lack of regional planning that has prevented more places like this from sproinging up - from 787 having blocked off the whole Hudson on the West side, to the neighborhood-killing Empire Plaza, to the tolerated neighborhood decay in Troy - is the topic for another day, I suppose, but Dinosaur gives me hope. We love the joint, with its riverside locale overlooking the bridge, the little outside area the kids could romp in a little right on the river, the odd bathroom with the trough sink and the band stickers all over it, the very fact there's live music there on weekends even if we weren't there for it. Even if it is manufactured and a small chain, it is the kind of place there should be imitators of, in a more perfect world. For now we're glad this one is here. Oh, the food: well up to expectations. Perfectly well done smoking, with the BBQ style on the sweetish Memphis side. We tried everything! The sides were pretty decent as well. Of note: is that tamarind in the baked beans? Yes, we think it is. The cole slaw had celery seed and was far fresher than it was pickled, which is how we like it. The fries were very salty but quite fresh. Mac and cheese a little less spiced than we normally like it but it was OK with the kids. The collards were nice, on the Carolina-vinegary side. The fried green tomatoes were excellent, a little thickly breaded, while the shrimp and deviled egg in the starter sampler were excellent - spicy the way you want at a BBQ joint. The wings were not at all derivative, spicy but not slavishly buffalo, more in a true spicy BBQ tradition. Nice selection of libations. Very good service (although they got one side order wrong, they brought out a replacement within a minute). It is a little on the pricey side, but c'est la vie. You pay for the ambiance and consistency, I'm sure. The major downer: they need more dinosaurs. If you advertise a place as Dinosaur BBQ, you better have your schtick running out of the woodwork and not just the usual old car part decor inside. The kids kept looking around for dinosaur stuff. I finally had to tell them the name referred to the meat. They bought it. For now. So, we are here, we will be back.
Dinosaur BBQ has some good finger lickin BBQ! We went with family and got their family deal.  The brisket is pretty smoky and tasty, but I'd recommend slathering it in their sauce for sure.  The chicken was quite flavorful and juicy.  The ribs were also very good.  You'll want to smother these in their sauce as well :)   As for sides, the coleslaw is more sour than your usual cole slaw.  The fries and chile are good, but I did enjoy their cornbread the most! We also had their dinosaur porter which was a dark, coffee-like beer which paired really well with the BBQ.
I love Dinosaur BBQ.  No place around serves better pulled pork and I love their cornbread!   The service is always fast and friendly, and the food is so delicious.  Whenever anyone from out of town visits the first restaurant request is almost always Dinosaur BBQ.   The only downside is this place is so popular that the wait times get a little long and the parking lot fills up.  There is additional parking under the bridge and around the corner that I don't think a lot of people know about.  As for the wait, I usually take a stroll through riverside park, the buzzers still work, and it makes the time go faster.   If you're a fan of barbecue, you've got to try this place!
A quick pitstop on our way to Canada. A very friendly hostess greeted us, chatty. Huge restaurant with great views of the Hudson River. Too bad it was evening, couldn't see much. We just had sandwiches, both very good and filling.
I'm impressed. Get good barbecue at Dinosaur, Syracuse style. Corn bread actually tastes like corn bread, not a muffin. Had the brisket with greens and cucumber/tomato salad. Not too much sugar. Good beers on tap. They use compostable take out boxes; they are mindful of the environment. Would definitely go back. The restaurant in Troy is located on the Hudson River. We caught a beautiful sunset and enjoyed being outside. Service was okay. It was really busy, but they did their best to accommodate us.
3.5 stars. I'm not much of a BBQ connoisseur, but dinner here was rather enjoyable. Between the two of us we tried nearly every meat/protein: bronzed catfish, BBQ pork, beef brisket, and BBQ ribs. The most memorable was the beef brisket, beautifully smoked and extremely tender. Unlike most briskets I've sampled which tend to be on the more flaky and dry side, the brisket here is fall-apart soft and wonderfully paired with their BBQ sauce that thankfully was not carelessly doused upon the meats. Additional BBQ sauce is at the table so should you need more sauce you are free to pour as you please. The BBQ pork and ribs were decent, but something about the consistencies of the meat made me tire of them quickly. The catfish wasn't memorable to me, but my date really enjoyed the marinade of buttermilk, tabasco, and cajun spices. My biggest disappointment was the cornbread, the part of dinner I was most looking forward to. (I do indeed love cornbread.) The bread lacked the right consistency as it was much too moist and it didn't have the strong aroma and taste of cornmeal. It was a softer and blander version of cornbread. And of course, how can you have cornbread without butter?! The other sides were flavorful, like the simmered collard greens with chunks of ham (or was it turkey?) that went well with our meats. The french fries got soggy as they soaked up the juices of the meat and the BBQ sauce, but in general, the fries could have been crispier.
People, barbecue is simple cheap cuts of meat cooked for a long time a spiced smoked and mopped to taste great.  I do not think this version is anything special and I really wish folks would wake up and treat this sort of food as it was intended.  That is to say that we should not be paying twenty bucks for bones witha little cartilage and meat on them.  Wake up folks, it's mediocre when it's great.  Ten bucks is plenty. That said, they do a good job at this place.  My experiences have always been pleasant and I am happy they chose our fair city on the river for a name restaurant chain like this one. I do hope baumgartner kills it over there though.  Real local business!
Good bar-b-q but the beer pour is light. Ordered a Pint,  Only got 12 oz in a 14oz glass, Buyer beware. I added a star because they responded to my concern quickly. Hopefully the pours will be as good as the food! Cheers!
Dinosaur is OK. I'm from Georgia, so I definitely find myself craving barbeque from time to time. Dinosaur usually does the trick. I like that they have a variety of sauces (mustard, vinegar, and tomato based) to satisfy all taste buds. I appreciate getting a plate of dry pork and putting the sauce on myself rather than having it soaked in some unholy concoction that I decide I don't like. The cornbread is delicious, if a little dry, but having greens makes the meal complete! I wasn't able to try their mac and cheese, as I was already too full from the rest of the meal. I can't say I'm crazy about their fried green tomatoes. The breading just shouldn't be that perfect (too reminiscent of frozen stuff) and they just didn't taste all that fantastic. The view of the river is terrific and the back porch setup they have definitely makes it feel like home. I have a friend in NYC who is also a transplant from the south. Every time she comes to Albany, she asks to go to Dinosaur.
My second visit to Dinosaur BBQ and my first visit to this location. If you're a BBQ connoisseur, you're probably going to be a disappointed. We're not the South. For the average diner, if you're hankering for some pulled pork or BBQ, you'll probably be completely satisfied. The location is nice and has an outdoor patio right on the river. Service was good even though the waitress may have forgotten our food. She was extremely busy, acknowledged her mistake, corrected it immediately and offered us something to compensate for it. Mistakes happen, she handled it very well and left us happy. Getting four or five stars out of me or a review means a place really has blown my mind or is a staple for me. Dino BBQ isn't mind blowing, but if you're in the area it's not a total loss to visit.
This review starts off with an extra star because they have and actually pay attention to their open table reservations.  Places oned around 730pm on a Saturday night and we drove over and were seated by 8.  That Ruled.   After having a so-so experience in the Harlem Dino, I was skeptical about the Troy location but since it was the first freezing and snowy night in Albany this year, BBQ it was. Food was great.  I had the Devils Dual wings, Bronzed Catfish and of course the Macaroni and Cheese.  All off it, fresh and amazing.  No complaints what so ever. They have a surprisingly good Pina Colada and anywhere there's beer served in pitchers is a place I want to frequent more. Gotta go back for the pulled pork, I think. Also if you live anywhere in a mile radius, save yourself the parking frustration and walk.
2/27/13  -  Id give it a 4 for food quality, but here is what happened: My girl ordered a salad.  There was an option to get meat (pork, beef, chicken) for 4.50 extra.  She ordered salmon.  Tiny piece of salmon came on a decent salad.  No big deal.  Check comes... 13$ extra for the piece of salmon.  Asked the server if that was a mistake.  She said nah.  Manager came over and said that is how much it costs.  Shouldnt the server inform the customer the salmon would add 13$ to the bill?  Apparently not.   Salmon salad: $19.96  = no shame. Moral of the story:   Don't get salad at a BBQ joint If you request something slightly unique, ask the price, even if you feel stingy.   3/13/13  -  Update:  A representative contacted me.  Stated that a mistake was made and I was charged too much.  They mailed me a gift certificate to compensate me.  Good customer service!  However there is no way I am going to go and spend just 15$ so I guess this still benefis them!
I was not impressed. I've had much better BBQ in the NE; so it's not a Carolina BBQ snob issue. The M&C was very good, as well as the sausage & smoked chicken (you need to make an amazing chicken salad sandwich Dino.) I was just expecting more based on this place's rep. The candied carrots weren't sweet at all and the ribs & pulled pork were overcooked. The sauces weren't anything to go nuts over either. Overall just OK. Still better than 99.9% of the restaurants in the Capital District.
Saddled up at the bar for some happy hour specials and some BBQ ribs. The lovely Lisa took fantastic care of us. She is super friendly, beautiful, and fun. The food was fast and exceeded my expectations, I will visit Dinosaur again!
This was my second visit here. My first visit was just for take out and the food was amazing so of course I had to return. My second visit I dined in. My waitress along with the others were very pleasant. I ordered the sampler for one person and everything in my plate was awesome. We aldo ordered the wings with a spicy garlic sauce at it was great. It was a not spicy but still delicious. We were hanging issues with our ordered but Doug made sure everything was great and our stay remained pleasant. So once again I will be returning. Thank you Doug.
***DISCLAIMER***Ok...let me start it off like this...Yes, I am African American.  Not only that, my father was a chef in the military, grew up in North Carolina and started teaching me this techniques when I was 9.  I am a chef.  Am I professional? I wish.  Do I have serious skills?  Better effin believe it.  My father and I have the right to judge the food from a Southern style BBQ place harsh if need be.  Let me say that our waitress was AMAZING for a later and packed Friday night.  With that being said... There were four of us and we just came from a Jazz concert at the Troy Savings Bank Music Hall.  We were STARVING to say the least and sat down around 9:27 PM.  I've always heard of Dinosaur BBQ and I know there's a few scattered throughout NYC.  I didn't know there was one upstate.  So we sat down and browsed the menu.  I was thinking about the brisket...I wanted to sink my teeth in it.  Our waitress told us that they were sold out of brisket.  No big deal, honestly.  I ordered the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer and it was pretty damn good.  Full of flavor and juicy with every bite; not overcooked.  My dad ordered the creole spiced devil eggs...good lord, those things were over-spiced.  I tried two of them and there was too much creole seasoning where you really couldn't taste the EGG itself.  Great concept and they looked really delicious but after it hits your mouth; there's way too much going on.   I ordered the jerked and pulled chicken sandwich with Harlem potato salad and smoked turkey collard greens as the sides.  The sandwich was very good yet the sides were lackluster.  The potato salad was good but there was too much vinegar in them.  The collard greens were ok, not better than mine and certainly not better than my dad's.  I am keeping in mind that it's not a small restaurant, it's a chain.  I fully understand yet this cannot be ignored.  Probably 40 minutes after we left, I had an insane amount of indigestion and I wasn't sure what it was from.  My guess is either the vinegar laced potato salad or the over-spiced deviled eggs.  I will try them again, probably earlier in the day (the sides may have been sitting) to see if there's a distinct difference in the overall taste of the food.  I'll gladly give them one more chance.
I made a reservation on yelp the other night for dinner with my husband and two kids. When we arrived we were seated promptly. I have a daughter in a wheelchair and they were very accommodating. I had made a note in the reservation to be seated out of the way and they obliged. The view of the water from our table was beautiful. The food was all very good. We ordered deviled eggs fried green tomatoes and shrimp for appetizers. They were all delicious. I thought the kids menu was great they have everything that's on the regular menu and get two sides for only 5.95$! I also liked how all of the staff is willing to help. Everyone asks if you need drinks or anything else so you're not always just sitting waiting for your server. Overall it was a great family dinner and we will definitely be back.
Dinosaur is certainly an experience every BBQ lover should have at some point. I love their ribs; plenty of meat on them, well-cooked, and very tasty. The fries, pork, and beef brisket are all solid (although I thought the brisket was just a hair dry for my tastes; your experience may vary). The prices are a slight negative, but on the plus side, you certainly get what you pay for in terms of the amount of food you get. I actually slightly prefer this Dinosaur location to the original one in Syracuse, which is also very good, but also very crowded.
I had the brisket sandwich and it was good. I regret not getting the brisket sandwich with the bacon on it. That looked great. My friend got the Harlem potato salad which he said was great. Deviled eggs were good too.
Best BBQ in capitol region. Closest to real BBQ you are gonna get out of the south. The staff is always friendly, but sometimes you can get lost to them if place is packed. This time was a very good experience.
I ordered a to go order on 8/6 through Grub Hub and paid with a CC.  I got a sampler platter and a sandwich. The food arrived promptly which was great however the driver didnt realize that "pre-paid - do not charge" meant that I had already paid for my food.  We got it straightened out after 5 min so no big deal. I opened the bag of food and opened the first box and all of the food was on 1 side of the box on top of itself and smashed all over inside the box... (Deviled eggs, shrimp, sauce, etc...) Also 1 of the BBq sauce containers was open in the bag and got all over everything....  By the time I got to eat the food it was cold and a mess. Not a very good experience unfortunately... I will give them another chance at some point but I was quite disappointed.  I didn't get to eat 3/4 of the sampler and everything was just a mess and not cared for.   I will say that last time I ate in the restaurant the service and food were pretty good. But after this experience I will not return for a while. :(
Being from the south I love good BBQ.  That being said good BBQ is hard to find up here.  Ya'll just don't know!  But Dinosaur's has it on the money baby.  The pulled pork is to die for.  I mean slap your momma this is some good stuff.  Corn bread is well made.  The chicken I had was not my favorite, but then why eat chicken you can have great beef and pork!  The ribs were insane, off the charts good. I loved the fried green tomatoes, they reminded me of my grandma's yall! The only, tiny moment was there seems to be a bit of heat to everything so my kids loved the meats but not so much the mac n cheese.  I would love it if they would do a pulled pork mac n cheese or a bacon mac n cheese with out the spice.   I love you Dinosaur BBQ!
Love the food. Love the ambiance. Ask for Rachel (with tattoos). If you need to go to the bathroom bring chalk!
After a long week a group of co-workers and I decided to have a Dinosaur Bar-B-Que night, few of us live in the area as we travel for work but many of have spent a lot of time in Syracuse and Rochester so we know this place well. I want to thank Rachel (with tattoos) for making our evening just what we needed. We were a large group, hoping for separate checks and unlike many places, she accommodated us with out blinking an eye. She was helpful with the menu for those that were new to the Dinosaur and was simply lively and fun! She made everything easy. The food was great, my bill affordable (for a lot of food), the atmosphere fun and Rachel helped us have the relaxing, comfort food filled evening we needed. Thank you Rachel!
Always good...order anything...it'll be good.
Items ordered: - Pork and brisket plate with a side of green beans (side special for the day as it was accompanied with bacon and carmelized onions) and cole slaw - Half bbq chicken plate with a side of mac n' cheese and maple sweet potatoes Both came with cornbread. The meat is flavorful and tender. There BBQ sauce was very tasty. I also tried the different sauces that were bottled at the table. The maple sweet potatoes and mac n' cheese were yummy. I'm not sure if I'd order the green beans with the bacon and onions again as the fat rendered from the bacon and butter started to make the side a bit "mushy" but the green beans were crunchy. I wasn't a fan of the cole slaw (cole slaw is one of my favorite sides too). The vinegar taste overpowered my palette. I have had better cornbread as it didn't seem to have any flavor. Though, who goes to a BBQ restaurant and focuses on the sides like I do? I'd like to return and try some of their other items on the menu. It's huge. I would come back for the BBQ meats but would also like to their seafood next (maybe a little shrimp with their chipotle pepper sauce). The service there is great! Prompt in refilling our drinks and our waitress was very attentive and friendly.
Hit this place up in old school downtown Troy, NY right on the Hudson River a little while back.  Made a reservation for a Sunday lunch and really didn't need to.  The place is pretty darn big, with seating for a couple hundred available.  We got there just after they opened, so please keep that in mind. Staff was friendly and the smokiness in the air will hit you upon arrival in the parking lot.  The building on the inside and out is rustic with the typical Dinosaur BBQ feel, if you've been to the one in Syracuse.  This location is much bigger and is definitely out of the ordinary in its feel, especially in old town Troy.  Generally, a pretty cool ambience. Prices are definitely on par with typical barbecue places I've been to all over the country.  My wife and I found the side items to be simply so-so and certainly not the main attraction.  They weren't bad, but nothing to really take note of.  I liked the cornbread just fine and the beans were just fine too. Potato salad was pretty much bland...edible, but nothing special at all. (See my pics in the gallery of what we had). Wife had the mac and cheese and it was nothing to write home about.  It had jalapenos in it, though it doesn't say so on the menu, which chapped her hide.  It had some zip...neither of us really liked it and wouldn't get it again.  It didn't have a homemade mac and cheese feel to it at all. Between us we shared a half rack of St. Louis ribs and a brisket sandwich.  Both of these were quite good.  Seriously, the ribs were as good as I've had anywhere and I lived in Texas for 15 years and minored in BBQ.  I've been to Smitty's and Kruez' in Lockhart, Salt Lick in Austin, etc. and I'm telling you, Dinosaur's ribs are legit.  I also recently did a trip to St. Louis and Kansas City and hit all the major barbecue joints there like Oklahoma Joe's and  Jack Stack's and I'd put these ribs right up there with those I had in K.C as well.  The brisket sandwich was fine but didn't make the medal round as the ribs did. Nothing at all wrong with it...I'd definitely eat it again, but as a paying customer the ribs here receive top billing from me. Next time we're going to get a full rack of ribs to share and just work on the sides as an afterthought.  Why can't they ever make a plate of nothing but ribs, like a main course of ribs, with a side of ribs?  That's what I'm talking about. If you like ribs, these are amongst the best I've ever had.  Don't be scared....seriously, just get them.  If you don't like them then basically you're a Communist.  Move to Cuba or North Korea.   Like I said, pretty reasonable prices for barbecue.  We'll be back and it's going to be all about the ribs when we do.
I got invited to the opening of the much anticipated Dinosaur BBQ in Troy, and my first impressions of this business were really positive. The bar itself is lavished with thick wood and artwork. There is a rustic saloon feel mingled with modern art without all the bullshit that a place like Applebee's puts on the walls to make a place feel authentic. The staff was totally on point, and for a new place that isn't even open yet they get huge points for that. Clearly, the service is a priority here. Talking to the staff, there has been a two week training period for the 15% of applicants who actually got a job here. The female waitresses were pretty, funky and abundant and the guys seemed like healthy Americans.   They have 25 beers on tap, most of them from breweries you can drive to in an afternoon from Troy. I tried as many as I could (they were all free on this opening night) and they were all delicious except for the Shlitz and Genny cream ales I had and I knew what I was getting into with them. The food was legitimate BBQ, and I'm glad upstate has a BBQ flavor and brand it can call it's own. Texas, you don't have a lock on BBQ. We know a thing or two, so kiss our  upstate New York ass. Finally they had a great place for a band and  on this lucky night the Blue Machine were playing. If you have never seen them (this was my first time),they are f-ing awesome. My favorite band is Super 400, and the Blue Machine is Super 400 with Tommy Love as the front man. They do mostly classic rock covers but with a style and sophistication that makes it hardly a cover, but something new and wonderful in it's own way. (See this weeks Metroland). Dino is a shot of confidence in Uncle Sam's ass, and I think just what a post industrial, perpetual limboed renaissance place like Troy needs to prove that it can be home to something on it's way up.
I take no pleasure in writing this update, but feel as if I must. My hopes for Dinosaur Bar-B-Que were that after opening day, they would improve. I expected that they would get a better handle on the flow of traffic, and be able to have enough properly cooked meat on hand to satisfy the demand. Barbecue is a tricky beast, because it takes a long time to make and it cannot be rushed. On my first visit I was struck by the tastiness of the sausage links and had planned to return for more. I had also heard great things about their barbecued wings, and was looking forward to trying those too. Well, it took me a little bit longer than I had planned, but I went back for lunch on Thursday. Now I'm not sure when or if I'll be returning. The biggest problem was with the sausage. It's a long story, but the summary is below. If you want the full story on the sausage, you can follow this link: fussylittleblog.com/2011… Suffice it to say, they make their own, and it's a smoked pork sausage. But it was raw on the inside. So while I don't generally send things back, I made an exception here because this was completely unacceptable. We spoke to the manager. Better sausage was promised. While the second round of sausage we received was less pink in the middle, it too was decidedly pink and undercooked. The manager took these off our bill, and we left disappointed but at the very least Molly Deegan took care of us the best she could at the time. Those wings I had been looking forward to trying were mediocre at best. The side of baked beans was not as smokey and meaty as I remembered from the opening day. Our appetizer of sausage, cheese and crackers was the only saving grace, and while that dish may be the best sausage appetizer, the sausage gets lost under the weight of the biscuity cheddar cracker and the house-made pimento cheese. It could use a thicker piece of sausage and some more potent pickled onions to make it come alive. When the second best thing on the table is the sweet tea, that's a problem. Hopefully I can solve the mystery of what happened that day. But it should be literally impossible for something like barbecue that spends hours and hours inside a smoker to come out pink in the middle (I'm aware of smoke rings and this was not a smoke ring). There is something bad happening behind the scenes at Dinosaur, or at least there was this past Thursday, and I have no intention to return until I can get some answers. If despite this review you plan to go yourself, may I suggest the ribs and the chicken. These were the other highlights from my first visit, and I can only hope the kitchen isn't trying to pass off undercooked versions of these Dinosaur staples.
It sucks. Jesus, some of you people just ejaculate these 5 star reviews at the slightest hint of stimulation. I'd heard that it was difficult to find a seat so I put off going for a few weeks after they opened. My GF and I went early today to avoid the rush and made it just in time to not be confined to those shitty two seater tables that have absolutely no room to eat on. But I'm getting ahead of myself. The first thing we encountered was the assinine parking lot layout. Cramped, crowded and hard to figure out which, when you consider that most people these days don't know how to drive or are too old or inconsiderate to know when they are obstructing everyone around them, makes arrival and departure quite annoying. On the way in we noticed a mobile smoker that was putting out some lovely smelling meat smoke and I actually thought to myself "well, it smells like we're in for a good meal." Whatever was making that smell did not make it onto our plates. We ordered the fried green tomatoes and 6 hot wings to start. The tomatoes were pretty good, the wings sucked. Next up, ribs w' sides of collards and maple sweet potato mash and a sampler of pulled pork and brisket w' sides of potato salad and mac 'n cheese. The menu informs you that the pinkness on the brisket is from the slow cooking process, so don't be alarmed. I guess the type of people that go to this place tend to freak out if they see meat that's not well done. Every cooks favorite type of customer.The collards were pretty good. Everything else sucked ass. The brisket was dry and the pulled pork was garbage. No flavor to anything and sub-par textures. Overpriced as well. So overall, we had two good things. Collard greens and fried tomatoes. Best BBQ in the Cap Region??? Are you insane? Ever been to the smokehouse up on mill street in Troy? Way better. Capital Que on Ontario st in Albany? A thousand times better and way cheaper. That Pink Pig place that just opened in Cohoes or Waterford is, probably, way better. Dinosaur BBQ is no different than that shitty chain joint Smokey Bones up in Colonie. I weep bitter tears for the city of my birth when this touristy, shit-hole, chain restaurant opening is the most exciting thing going on. The service was adequate.
Was not impressed and in my opinion those who rave about it on here have never had real or good bbq. We had to do take out because it would've been over an hour wait. So go between the hours of 2-5pm if you don't want to wait (that's what the waitress told me) The first thing that bothered me was the fried green tomatoes. People raved about them on here and so I decided to order the 3 piece. For 6 bucks I expected good sized slices considering you only get three. THEY WERE SMALL!!! Barely the size of a half dollar. The were also very bland and the battered covered up what little of tomato flavor there should have been, Very disappointing. We also had the drunken spicy shrimp. They were ok, lightly spiced, but I wouldn't get them again. Now the pulled pork. It was mush. Maybe slight hints of smoke, but overall mushy and bland. I have never had to drown pork in so much bbq sauce. And the bbq sauce... The bbq sauce our order came with was very one dimensional. Slightly sweet, slightly savory, but no body, just a sad viscous excuse of a "sauce" It was an embarrassing example of what a bbq sauce should be. We waited for a good 20 mins for our to go order and from just that experience of waiting in the restaurant we decided we wouldn't want to eat in the actual place. IT IS SOO FRICKEN LOUD! We could barely hear the waitress to place our order. I had to beg my husband to go here and I regret it. I was embarrassed that going to this place and the disappointing, mediocre meal was my idea. Save your money and go somewhere else.
I love BBQ. I consider myself a BBQ snob and won't eat mediocre BBQ. I'd rather break out the smoker and do it myself. A lot has been said about Dinosaur BBQ and I want to add to the discussion instead of sounding like a broken record. So, first, the best part of my visit this past Sunday had nothing to do with the food. Our server, Katherine, was simply the best host I have had in any restaurant in a very long time. If I were to open a restaurant tomorrow, I'd be there an hour later trying to get Katherine to work for me. She busted her tail the entire time we were there and was still an absolute delight. When you visit, ask for her and tell her I said she was the best. We arrived before 5:00pm, I thought pretty early for a Sunday. We still waited for about 45 minutes. This is insane.  There's no reservations and they won't allow you to call ahead. I don't know if I will really bother going if I have to expect such a long wait every time. We were originially sat in a corner table that would have been comfortable for two. Unfortunately, there were 5 of us. A couple of ladies at the next table were getting ready to leave and after checking with Katherine and the hostess we were going to able to swap tables after they left. Those chatty Nellies ended up getting dessert after they heard us discussing the swap, followed by a bunch of dirty looks from my table. We ended up moving before the meals were served so everything worked out OK in the end. I pretty much made a pig of myself because I wanted to try so many things. We started with a couple orders of wings. The wings are outstanding, my favorite item we tasted. They start off smoked, and the flavor is inside every bite. Then they baste and grill before serving, which gives a bit more crunch and spice to the skin. I ordered the Extreme Sampler, which was definitely more than I could eat after all the wings I ate. Brisket was "meh", over cooked and seemed like it was sitting around a while. Capital Q blows their brisket out of the water, and they don't come close to my own. The ribs were better than Capital Q, but not as good as my own most of the time. Yes, I had a bad rib day this season, but on any other day my ribs are better. The chicken was really good, not as good as the wings, but better than any chicken I have smoked. Then again I tend to rotisserie my chicken, so I do not consider myself beat. The sides were pretty good too, I tasted some from everyone who offered. Baked beans had an almost chicken stew flavor in the background. Mashed Sweet potatoes were very similar to Capital Q, with maple syrup flavor throughout. Collard greens were decent, but I have little to compare them to as it's not my usual fare. The mac and cheese was really good, jalapeno flavor was present but not overwhelming. I enjoy the version of the same at Capital Q more, however, reheated the next day (yeah, I had to cave and stop eating. I feel enough shame about that already, leave me be!) it was even better. I finished the night with some key lime pie. I had a craving for this for a while and knew I was going to get it the second I saw it on the menu. Decent, nothing that will send Grandma's pies crying in the corner, but finished the meal as it was intended. I would love to be able to stop in at Dinosaur and have some beer and wings any day of the week. While there are plenty of things I enjoy more from Capital Q, I cannot sit down and enjoy the same atmosphere. That's where Dinosaur excels, it is a really fun place to eat some of my favorite foods. And a note for those who are gluten free. You can try most (if not all) of the Dinosaur BBQ sauces from your local supermarket. They are the same in the restaurant and all gluten free. They do not separate the menu, so you have to be mindful while ordering, but they were happy to make accommodations for my wife without complaint.
Dinosaur fills a need in the area - it's restaurant BBQ. Good for going out to eat with friends and catching up, but in a relaxed and welcoming area. The other 'que places in the area are more take-out or counter service styled restaurants, so this is a step in a new BBQ direction. Food-wise, I tend to prefer Capital Q or Pig Pit for most comparable menu items. EXCEPT FOR THE RIBS. Dinosaur's ribs are like a cross between BBQ and Chinese laquered ribs. There's a sheen to them, a firm flesh, and nice smoky flavor. Unfortch, they're ribs, so they're the priciest things on the menu. I thought the pulled pork was too mushy - I like soft, but this practically disintegrated in my mouth. Brisket was okay, but I didn't get much smoky flavor and it was a tad tough. Their Troy-only sausage was... okay. But it didn't knock my socks off. I thought the portions were on the small side for a BBQ place given the prices. I guess they're NY portions. Well, lemme rephrase - I think I'm paying a little much for what I'm getting. I wouldn't mind the portions if the prices came down a bit. But $15 for a small handful of pulled pork, 2 sides and a small muffin of cornbread? C'mon. Okay, so there's the food in a nutshell. The seating is fun. Wood everywhere, and the place feels like it has some character to it. Service is what'll keep bringing me back. Whenever I've gone, the waitresses have always been on their game, friendly, and never pulling a turn & burn. There's a bar area in the dining area, too. It seems like they've got a ton of different beers on their menu, ranging from $3+ (mostly in the $5-7 range, though). Everyone else I've gone with has always said how much they really enjoy it, so I keep going if someone suggests it to me.
I am fairly indifferent about this place. Its some place between "meh" and "ok" and that is mostly because I'm not a big fan of barbecue food.  I use to go to the one in Rochester when I was in college because they may or may not have checked IDs at the door, which is probably why the waitress checked my ID this time. I went to the Troy location for the first time for a send off party and we were able to reserve a "private room" for our group of 25-ish.  The waitresses were attentive enough but could come around a few more time asking if people wanted another beer.  That night they had a smoked stout on tap, so I tried it.  It was alright but I didn't get a 2nd round.   I'll be honest, I'm not huge on barbecue food.  I'm not sure why, but I just don't get excited about it and I don't really enjoy eating it, but I'll eat it if I'm hungry.  I had the pulled pork and brisket combo plate with steamed greens and maple sweet potatoes.  The meat was unremarkable, but thankfully  not overly smothered in sauce.  The sweet potatoes were good, but dare I say almost too much maple syrup.  The steamed greens were overly garlicky and I ate 2 mini bites before I said "nevermind".   The bar is beautiful. They have a parking lot which is a huge plus for a Downtown Troy restaurant.
Friendly service, good food, unique atmosphere. Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is a pretty cool joint. It has a very distinct biker bar atmosphere, but the service is super friendly so you will always feel welcome. We tried the appetizer platter and it was great of sharing. I remember the deviled eggs standing out. I ordered a BBQ combo platter for my dinner. The side dish brussel sprouts were really good. The BBQ chicken was extremely juicy and the beef brisket perfectly tender. I was sadly not too impressed with their ribs, but overall I had a great dinner.
Brenda and I hit the Dino at 2:45pm on the day they opened - we figured we'd miss the lunch crowd, and be earlier than the dinner folks. The strategy was perfect -- we were seated right away. When we left an hour and a half later, the line was out the door and the crowd at the bar was five deep. "Popular" doesn't begin to describe the situation here. Let's get some the basics out of the way first -- the decor and layout is perfect -- gorgeous river views, a spacious bar surrounded by tables so you can just watch the action if your game isn't quite up to snuff, and a nicely setup performance area for bands. The staff is way above average -- smarter than the average bear, and lets face it -- somebody handpicked the wait staff - it's packed with hotties. There needs to be a "Girls of Dinosaur BBQ" calendar, and I'm just the guy to shoot it (it's what I do for a living!). The menu is fabulous, plenty of choices, although being a Dinosaur virgin, I was surprised to see only St. Louis-style ribs, with no Kansas-City style on the menu. I can live with that though -- these are easily the best ribs I've had in a decade. The appetizers we tried (deviled eggs and shrimp) were superb -- tasty, and perfect portions. Ditto with the entrees and sides. Be warned -- the servings are biker-bitch sized, so bring your "A" game appetite. Cocktails were awesome too -- we had two each, and we were staggering a little when we left, but fortunately our photo studio is just a short walk away, so we giggled and weaved our way back to work without having to worry about a DUI. The wait staff was thick on the ground -- more staff than most restaurants have customers. This is a good thing, because they are attentive, happy, talkative, and clearly are thrilled to be part of the happeningest thing to hit the Capital Region in a long time. Some dufus wrote in the Times Union yesterday that the reason we Capital Region folks like places like Dinosaur BBQ is because we prefer businesses brought in by outsiders. What a viciously ridiculous misunderstanding. We just want quality. Dino has the perfect menu and vibe -- appealing to a huge percentage of the local crowd. Their business plan, management, and execution is dead on, with perfect service and excellent cooking. I don't care where you're from -- produce a quality product like this, and I'll reward you with frequent visits. And I suspect I'm not alone. We went back last night for some takeout -- seating was taking 90 minutes to two hours, but we were in and out with our Tres Hombres takeout in just over 20 minutes -- not bad at all, given the heavy pressure. Clearly, this joint is a big shot in the arm not just for Troy, but for the Capital Region in general. For the next couple of months, this is the place to see and be seen in. Be there.
5 stars if rating solely on the quality and tenderness of the meats served. I haven't been to Dino BBQ since about '03 in Syracuse, and so having fond memories of the original location, decided it was absolutely worth checking out.  But the portions are smaller than their Syracuse cousin, and that's a huge problem when you're going to easily drop $20/pp on the low-end for a plate of food and a beer.  The first time, I attributed my post-meal hunger to getting a sandwich platter instead of one of the meat platters...  so the second time I tried the pork & brisket platter, and switched from mac n cheese to mashed potatoes.   Yet still, I was still hungry afterwards! I love the food and beer they serve, but it's totally not acceptable for me to leave a place like this hungry, so I won't be back to the Troy shop. I should also mention that the waitress forgot to put our beer pitcher order in, so we didn't get it until we got the food.  Food is served really quickly, so late arrival of a beer pitcher is definitely another problem.
The menu is awesome.  There are a lot of great dishes on here, but since this was my first time there, I had no idea if they would live up to the expectations I had set for them.  Fortunately, it exceeded them with the veracity of a velociraptor.   I was starving when I entered, and wound up ordering as if a meteor shower was rocketing towards Earth, and this would be my last meal before extinction  (I think I'm done with prehistoric references).  Wings, sausage and cheese on crackers, and the Blue Brisket (brisket topped with blue cheese, onions and jalapenos)- nothing remained by the time I was finished. The portion sizes were surprisingly reasonable- I'm used to BBQ joints serving up food of T-rex proportions (apparently I'm not done with prehistoric references)- and walking out overstuffed and ashamed of myself.  Well not this time; the portion sizes were perfect and the place was reasonably priced. Oh and the beer selection is better than a run-of-the mill, chain style, restaurant.  A great experience over all, and it appears the word is out- a line as long as a stegosaurus had formed by the door upon our exit.
Went here with five others on a saturday morning as soon as they opened at 11am. Waaay too early for me to wake up on a weekend, but heard that lines would be crazy. Wait didn't end up being too bad, but by the time we left the lines were definitely longer. Started with the wings--there are four levels of hotness. The garlic chipotle (3rd hottest) were not hot at all, but rather sweet. But the Devil's Duel wings (the hottest) were HOTTT. I was sweating bullets and my tongue was hurtin. Delicious! Cajun spiced deviled eggs were also creamy and perfect. For my main plate, I went with the tres ninos which is a smaller portion version of the tres hombres--it consists of pork, brisket and ribs. Everything was great, but the ribs were by far the best meat! Next time, I'll probably go with a full rack of these and the devil's wings. Many traditional sides to choose from, cole slaw and mac+cheese were yummy. DInosaur bbq didn't blow my mind, but I can see why people love it so much. Good hearty bbq food. and don't forget to pick up the temporary tattoos on your way out to show your stamp of approval :)
Summary- Meh all the way, both as an average Joe and especially as a BBQ snob. Doubtful that I'll be back. Food- 2.5 Stars Big highs and big lows. Highs- Brisket Soup Deviled Eggs Chicken (as a BBQ smoker, chicken can be very tricky, theirs was excellent) OK- Ribs were decent not ridiculous or anything Shrimp were meh, why not de-vein them and lightly butterfly them to make them easier to peel & eat? Coleslaw- OK but heavy on the mayo for me. Mac and Cheese was average, nothing to get so excited about. Just Turrrible- Cornbread tasted like a pre-made product, hard and nasty Brisket I thought sucked. Not enough smoke for me and not as tender as it should be. Pulled pork I thought sucked. Not enough smoke for me and not as moist as it should be, either like it wasn't good to start or sat for a long time in a warming tray. Side Salad was a bit of a joke. Drinks- 3 Stars Some nice beers on tap but a pretty meh bourbon selection. Atmosphere- 3.5 Stars I like what they have done overall and it feels like a BBQ place inside. Gets very loud in bar area when band fires up (duh). Service- 4 Stars Wait staff was attentive and nice despite how busy it was. Value- 2 Stars That's some expense ass mediocre BBQ.
Dinosaur BBQ is packed every single night of the week, which in itself should tell you the place is worth checking out. If you can get a seat outside on the water you're golden but there is more than enough seating inside. Service was quick and attentive- DInosaur is very adequately staffed. Despite the crowd the food comes out very quickly and is simply the best in BBQ. I won't be there often as I cannot afford to consume the calorie load of mouthwatering tender pork, fresh cornbread, mashed potatoes, etc. etc. but it's an excellent destination on a warm summer night. Also the bar is HUGE! I had a vodka lemonade concoction served in a mason jar, and my boyfriend had a beer. Dinosaur has a pretty good selection of local brews on tap.
I'm not sure what the big appeal of this place is.  I ordered the plate that came with the pulled pork, brisket, cornbread and two sides.  If you've read my other reviews about BBQ places (specifically Chicken Run) you know I judge BBQ joints (besides the meat, obviously) on baked beans and cornbread.  The sides were definitely the best part of my Dinosaur experience.  The honey cornbread was moist and tasty, the baked beans were good, the mac&cheese was yummy until I got to the bottom of my portion, which had a LOT of big pieces of pepper in it.   Ok, on to the meat (ha!) of the review.... I didn't like the pulled pork or brisket.  I don't know if it was the cut of pork they used, parts of it were like, chewy and almost slimy?  This is painting a REALLY bad picture but I can't describe it without using gross words!  The brisket was....flavorless?  I didn't finish it.   Did I mention my entree was $16?  And we drove an hour to get there?  Not worth it.  Sorry.
The food is amazing! We went on a Monday afternoon, hoping to miss the crowd. We got there around 4:20 PM, and there were quite a few people already waiting. We were told our wait would be 30-40 minutes, but after 10 minutes, the buzzer went off. By the way, we waited in the bar area, and immediately someone came up to us offering us drinks and an appetizer while we waited. The waitress was great! Prompt but never pushy - Came to the table just the right amount of times. Explained everything to us when we had questions. Then there was the food. OMG! I was looking forward to the ribs, which were amazing, but the pulled pork was out of this world! As someone who loves to use their own smoker, there is no way I could ever get the pulled pork this tender - it melted in my mouth! For the sides I had the Mac & Cheese (good with a kick) and the Harlem Potato Salad. My husband had and just loved the BBQ beans and the BBQ Fried Rice (I wish I had ordered that!!!) The only negative is that they were out of Brisket (we wanted the Tres Hombres plate). I thought it was kind of early to be out of Brisket, and it was too bad that I could not taste it. However, that pulled pork more than made up for it! Overall, excellent experience! I would go there every day if I could!!!
As a non-american, I had to do a LOT of research on reviews before choosing a appropriate eating place since I am a non beef/pork eater. Diano BBQ is exactly what  other reviewer say! Its Fabulous! Has a amazing view of river when you choose to seat 'outiside'. The waitress we got was very polite and knew what kind of food indians prefer. She took time to explain everything on menu to us. Suggested what we should eat and what is off limits according to our choice.  We ended up ordering Deviled eggs, Chicken wings, veggie sandwitch & Chicken brisket(?). I must say, BBQ'ed wings are amazing & so does eggs. must try. They do have imported beers with small beer bottles from another country. Loved that too... A birthday well spent!!
Oh Dino, how happy I am that I don't have to drive all the way to Rochester to relive wonderful college barbecue memories.  Instead I have to drive to ... Troy... Pros: + All knocks on Troy aside, this is a pretty nice looking view for a Dino, it channels it's Rochester cousin's river view pretty well. + Speaking of channeling, the barbecue is damn delicious.  There's a pretty smoke ring in the brisket, a moistness to the chicken, a plumpness to the pork, and lip smacking tendency to whatever size ribs you get. + On a similar but amazingly delicious note, Smoked BBQ Chicken Wings.  If you haven't had these, they're 5 star.  Try the wango tango style. + The sides are mindblowing too.  Highlights include amazing Mac n Cheese, Baked Beans, and the Pork Fried Rice. + Gotta love the sauce. + Amazing draft selection, constantly updating and rotating.  A good selection of cocktails, beer cocktails, and if you must, wine. + Servers are perfect for BBQ, and happen to be friendly as well. Cons: - The brisket is top tier for Albany, but it's just good brisket anywhere else.  Frequently, it feels like it's not tender enough. - The parking lot is a disaster on a busy night. - Would be one of the best places to watch a game thanks to the large draft selection, but there are only 2 TVs in the bar.  C'mon man. - The cornbread just is meh at best. - It's a little pricy. The thing about Dino is it does Upstate barbecue better than the majority of places.  It can even manage to hold it's own against some other regional places around the country.  The problem is, against true, honest to goodness, barbecue, there's not a lot of depth or quality here to make this chain great.  Nothing wrong with that though, it's really delicious barbecue, and definitely worth a trip to try.
Some of the best ribs I have had.   Not the best BBQ overall I have had, but still good.  The pulled pork was smothered in too spicy of a sauce and the brisket was a little dry so this is not what I consider a 4 or 5 star BBQ joint.  The pulled pork was not pulled either.  I think it was thinly sliced on a deli slicer; it has a funny texture.   The ribs and chicken are really good.  They are tender and have a wonderful flavor.  Both the BBQ chicken wings and the dinner chicken breasts have the same great flavor.  After a few times to this place, I only ordered ribs and chicken.   The sides are good, but not great.  The coleslaw is too drenched in sauce and the mac and cheese is too spicy.  I like a mac and cheese to be more savory and refreshing next to spicy food.  The french fries are really, really good.  I find them similar to Five Guys (my favorite).   Service is fine and the atmosphere is loud and rowdy, but not in an aggressive way.   There are usually bands on Friday and Saturday nights.  It has a biker bar feel and the bikers to match, but very family friendly.   I went to Dinosaur many times.  Once I found what was good, I really enjoyed myself.  If you are in town for just one night, I would recommend Brown's or Lo Porto's before Dinosaur.
I'm beginning to believe that ribs fall into the same category as pizza - everyone has a preference as to who makes the best. The first time I had Dinosaur's ribs I thought they were good but I didn't really have anything to compare them against.  Over the years I've tried various restaurants and various styles of BBQ ribs.  I've enjoyed some more and some less for a variety of reasons.  Therefore, for my taste, Dinosaur ribs are a solid middle of the road. We actually started with a the Sausage, Cheese and Crackers ($6.95) - homemade smoked "hot link" sausage served with house pimento cheese and black pepper cheddar crackers & pickled onions.  These were quite good.  The sausage was flavorful with just enough spiciness.  The only strange thing was the cheese was underneath the cracker so it stuck to the cutting board that they were served on.  I guess this was so they didn't fall off the board as the server carried them to the table. The appetizer went well with the Wolaver's Pumpkin Ale and a Crossroads IPA ($5/pint ).  Any place that offers more beer taps than bottle beer choices is my kind of place.  Dinosaur's has a nice cross-section on their 25 taps. Since we both were interested in having ribs we chose the Sweetheart Deal for Two ($27.95) - a full rack plus four sides.  While we've had more tender ribs, and meat that more easily falls off the bone, the rub that they use is good enough that we didn't need to add any of their sauces.  That's just how we like them.  Our sides were Fresh Cut Fries; Cole Slaw; Harlem Potato Salad; and the Soup of the Day (butternut squash?).  All just serviceable. A couple more beers, Otter Creek Black IPA and a Saranac Caramel Porter ($5/pint), were a nice finish to an otherwise OK meal.  We may not rush back, but we'll likely go again.  I seem to recall liking the pulled pork on a previous visit and I'd be interested in trying The Cuban.
I used to date a girl who lived in Syracuse and she introduced me to Dinosaur BBQ out there. After that first visit, I encouraged (read as: forced) her to go there any time I would visit her, which she tolerated surprisingly well, especially considering that she was a vegetarian the whole time. But that girl is long gone, and I live in Boston.  Dinosaur BBQ is good, but not worth a six hour drive, even though their ribs are phenomenal.  My folks live just south of Albany, though, and someone upstairs took pity on the complete lack of good cue in Boston, and decided to open this up in Troy. Ribs are always more expensive than I expect them to be, so the last two times I've been to this location I've been hitting up the combo platter to keep both my gut and wallet happy.  Best bet on the menu is the pulled pork/quarter rack combo with two sides.  I don't have any strong opinions about the sides.  I usually go for the collards and mac and cheese, but have never been blown away. I worry about this location, though, because the spot seems to be cursed.  Fresno's before that (but to be honest, Fresno's anywhere isn't going to do very well), and I forget what it was before that.  It's also a much, much bigger space than the one in Syracuse, and I don't know whether or not they're going to be able to keep bodies in there to keep the smokers going.  And it's not the same place as the original.  There aren't decades worth of carvings and scribbles on the walls, no angry bikers drinking beers before setting off into the Syracuse sunset.  Not saying that Troy needs drunk bikers, but this place lacks the character of the original. I really, really want this place to work.  If this place closes, I'm going to have to tell my mom that I no longer have any reason to come home and I don't want to have to tell her that.
This just made my life and diet very difficult.  Now I don't have to randomly drive to NYC or 'Cuse to get great BBQ...it's just over the damn river!  The quality is the same all over...best BBQ ever.  The atmosphere is cool...they did a great job on the old Castaway's. With the deck and riverfront, I can only imagine what the summer will be like.  Waits are gonna be long but WELL Worth it.  Just hit the bar and enjoy. You won't miss the place you can smell BBQ for blocks in any direction...it's like intoxicating perfume for a fat middle aged guy like me :D  ...And the service is stellar with the same attitude you get in all the Dino's.  Don't miss out on this place.
This place is pretty solid and the best BBQ in the Capital Region.  I've enjoyed the cajun chicken sandwich, baked beans, tomato and cucumber salad, and mac-h-cheese.  With that said, the chicken wings are the tastiest item on the menu by far and a must order.  The beer list isn't too shabby either. The atmosphere kicks ass and the service is usually always good.
Last Christmas my girlfriend's Delmar NY native, blues harmonica playing uncle got us a Dinosaur BBQ cook book. Being that the man wrote a song about the place that you're likely to hear spinning on the jukebox at any of their locations, I consider him to be a valid authority on the subject. After getting back to LA I made roughly a half gallon of their motha' sauce, their base BBQ sauce, which when combined with 4lbs of pork shoulder in a slow cooker provides top notch at-home meat eating. So this year, when we found ourselves back in the Albany area, it was a homecoming of sorts, to a BBQ Mecca I had yet to visit. While it met every expectation, I can honestly say it didn't pack the surprise I had been hoping for. The pulled pork and brisket were quite good. Cut into fine slices rather than shredded, the brisket proudly displays a bright red smoke ring that makes me happy like few other things do. With the pork short ribs, Dinosaur makes an interesting decision to keep the membrane in the inside of the cut, providing a gentle pop when biting into them like the casing on a sausage. Might have just been my cut, but there wasn't the kind of charry bark that I get at my beloved Baby Blues in Venice, CA, a minor disappointment. On the sides the whipped sweet potatoes were like pumpkin pie, and the deviled eggs were amazing. I had hoped for a brinier bite to the collard greens, but loved the baked beans. Despite the obligatory hairsplitting, thank god I had a couple of awkward looks shot in my direction. I would have eaten until I passed out in my excess wango tango sauce.
I was in Albany for the weekend and my BF and I tried the Dinosaur for lunch on Friday. One complaint was the packed small parking lot but we went around the block and parked on the street...no big deal. Our wait time was shorter than predicted and were seated in a nice corner table near the deck. Because of the high ceiling especially in the bar area, it's much more roomy than the Syracuse location. The staff members were great.  Everyone we encountered was friendly, easy going, polite... which is a big plus in my book. Overall, I liked it very much. Especially the ribs. We tried the hot wings and although they werent all that meaty ( like the Anchor), they were tasty.  We ordered The Sweetheart deal and found the side portions to be a bit small to share but the rack of ribs was plenty for two. Moist, flavorful ribs...just what I'd been waiting for and completely enjoyed. The coleslaw was fabulous, the potato salad tasted good but was too finely chopped. The mac and cheese was very good but again, portion was small. The clam chowder was tasty. I didnt get much of that... I don't really care for plastic plates and the cardboard little 'sides' trays either but it must make things easier in the kitchen. Whatever. The food was really good. We werent stuffed when we left, which was good, I suppose, but I still think the sides could be a bit more generous. We ended up having dessert in Albany afterward. That was Friday at 2. I was whining slightly about not having tried the pulled pork the day before... so we went again on Saturday at 3. ;) The wait was a little longer, but not longer than predicted, so we had a beer in the roomy bar area. We each ordered separate plates this time. I had a rib and pulled pork combo and the portions, when not sharing them, were plenty. I just wanted more than two! I really liked the tender pulled pork...too much. He had the Tres Hombres platter and after eating THAT, he ate a pulled pork sandwich... he hadnt eaten all day and enjoyed all of it. Later that evening, he noticed my hair was wood smoke 'scented' and although that may not have been a good thing to some, we thought it was funny. It reminded us of our satisfying lunch. We'll be back and unfortunately for my waistline, I can see myself making a side trip to Troy on my way back to Boston, a little too often in the future. :)) Thanks for setting up shop in Troy Dinosaur BBQ! Pamela W.Peabody, MA
Another disappointing experience at a chain restaurant.  The service was excellent the one and (will be) only time I went here with a party of two.  This place is a factory and they're serious about making mucho dinero.  You wouldn't want to work in a factory, so why eat in one? Tired flavors in the meat and side dishes.  You could randomly crash a 4th of July BBQ Party walking around 2nd ave or Arbor Hill and 9 out of 10 times taste better food. I'm convinced the Albany area restaurant formula is to find the lowest quality ingredients possible, then add salt, fat and sugar to give the food some kind of flavor and then charge too much and make a killing. Dinosaur Bar-B-Que should go the way of the dinosaur!
So when I walked out of the airport I asked some people 'so...what's there to do in Albany...?' and they looked at each other and laughed. But then they said oh you know...visit the Egg...some museums... and Dinosaur Barbecue. Not bad at all. Tried the deviled eggs (great) and fried green tomatoes (a lil on the too-breaded side). The sides were all really good (I tried the fries, seasonal vegetable: curry cauliflower, Mac and cheese, simmered greens, mashed sweet potatoes). My smoked half chicken was done very well. It had really good flavor even though I didn't add the extra barbecue sauce. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The price is decent and the portions are not too large that you get into complete food coma when done. I liked the atmosphere, and the bathrooms were entertaining. Plenty of parking. Overall a good spot to be if you're in Albany/Troy. So hit up Dinosaur Barbecue.
My husband, step-daughter, and I came here one weekend while staying in the hotel across the street.  The place was fairly empty and we were seated quickly.  I had never been to a Dinosaur but heard lots about it from my  husband who used to live in Albany.  The waitress was sassy and ready to give some suggestions, but she was patient with me being super indecisive since I was hungry. My husband and I each got a sandwich and shared - one chicken and one pork.  I enjoyed their BBQ and toppings.  Their sides were ok.  I didn't like the mac n' cheese as much, mostly because it was made with pepper jack and I am not a fan of that cheese.  Their beans were good, but by time I finished each half of my sandwich I was full.   Overall, it was a good experience with good food and I'd definitely come by here again.
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que would be a typical 3 star BBQ joint, but it was honestly a blast the entire time we were there that adds that extra "it" to the experience. The bartenders were a riot, and it is the kind of place that its ok to get a little loud if the mood (and booze) suits you. GREAT craft beer selection, which is always a big plus for me and the Brisket Blue was creative and perfect. May not be the best traditional BBQ you will ever try, but if you are in the area and in the mood for a good beer and fun experience I highly recommend it. Word of advice: This place gets PACKED (usually a good sign!) so either get there early or be ok with a quick wait for a table. Go and enjoy!
We've gotten take out here twice and the meats are pretty good. I don't think we'll be back though. WHY? It is too expensive and the side portions are too small. For what it is and what you get... it's just too expensive. Tell me it isn't. It's just bar-b-q meats and mediocre tasting, small sized side dishes. $33 for a small bag of food enough to feed 1 (maybe 2 people) is not really a good deal. I wish the mac and cheese was better. For some reason they add jalepenos or something spicy to it. Obviously, this makes the mac n cheese hot & spicy. Since when is mac n cheese hot & spicy?! UGH! The novelty must be wearing off because my take out was ready in less than 1/2 hour as opposed to last time I ordered, it took over an hour. Same 6:30pm on a friday night. So, if you're listening dinosaur BBQ owners... drop the prices by 20-30% and double the size of the tiny side dishes and this place will be around for a long long time. How much mac n cheese do you think fits in this little thimble sized cup (click photo link below)? NOT VERY  MUCH! That is a quarter in the pic for size comparison. img.photobucket.com/albu…
I've been here a couple times, once for lunch (today) and once for dinner.  I enjoyed the food on both occasions. For my taste, I suggest the pulled pork (tender and smokey), the ribs, and the chicken.  For side, I recommend the cornbread, deviled eggs, mac & cheese, BBQ beans, mashed sweet potatoes, and the BBQ fried rice was surprisingly good (which admitedly feels a little weird saying).  I've experienced good service on both occasions. The outdoor dining area is a good place to eat when it's nice outside.  If you don't think about all the PCBs in the Hudson, it's a nice view of the river, walking trail, and the Green Island Bridge. Value-wise, it's ok.  Dinner portions are pretty generous (or perhaps we just ordered too much), lunch portions are average (which is still plenty).  It's a tad expensive for what you get but barely worth noting.  The BBQ is smokey and tastey.  I'd generally go back more often if it weren't for the longer-than-average wait times over an hour during normal meal times (which isn't worth it to me.. 30 minutes would be ok).  If you want to try out Dinosaur but don't want to wait go during off-hours (3-4pm) and you'll get in quickly.
Service good.  Bar is good too.  Food is solid and always the same I'm gluten free so love that I have choices there.  They do have a special menus if they can find it for you but you can figure it out by the regular menus!
Constant companion and I decided to return, this time with 3 relatives, to give the place another try.  They've improved- albeit slightly.  The service was better (no arguing staff on our arrival!!). This time I ordered the Tres Hombres (I was hungry).Companion ordered the smaller version (tres ninos).   The brisket and the pulled pork were still not up to temperature, but the ribs were divine! What is it about the kitchen that they can't keep food at temperature?  The macaroni and cheese was undercooked (hard elbow macaroni).  The beans were, as usual, tasty and hot. Our sense is this place is inconsistent at best- and doesn't seem to be making strides to improve- when food is consistently luke-warm or cool, there's a problem- either with the kitchen or the servers.  Something has to improve- but I think we're tired of giving this place another chance!  I'd go back for the ribs, but nothing else drives me to this place.   Go and enjoy but make sure you get hot food!
Like the 2 star rating mentions, Meh, I've had better. With regards to the food. Lets start with the appetizers.   The fried green tomatoes tasted like institutional frozen product.  I could be wrong since I don't know if frozen green tomatoes would hold their texture but...they were bland, had no zing and just  tasted like a frozen product thrown in a deep fryer.  The deviled  eggs were just that.  devolved eggs.  Like I use to get served at every picnic in the 70's and 80's because eggs are dirt cheap.  Not at Dino! Speaking of retro, the smoked sausage appetizer tasted like Ritz crackers topped with potted cheese and slices of grilled kielbasa.  Nothing wrong with that but really, this is a restaurant and not someone's backyard Potluck or a Super Bowl party. These were recommended by the bartender and we have no idea why.  The wings were actually decent.  Not your traditional Buffalo style wing but a wing that tasted brined then smoked.  The meat was tender but the wings themselves were a bit scrawny.  As for the entrees, we got a platter that included pulled pork, ribs and brisket.  Nothing was bad but everything lacked flavor and was on the dry side.the baked beans we got were flavorless and the coleslaw had a strange twang .  Nothing was inedible.  We ate it all, but everything was a bit off from what we expected.  absolutely nothing WOW'd us in any way.  And we love BBQ.  I had high hopes for Dino as far as food. However...they have a fantastic bar.  it's huge.  They have a great selection of draft beer that will make almost everyone happy.  The mixed drinks are properly poured and priced.  The service is always super friendly and accommodating.  If I rated my experience on going to the bar, it would be more like a 3 star rating.  But this place is about the food so...My suggestion is go to the bar with some friends.  And split a few items on the menu before actually going here for a full fledge meal and dining experience.  If you are like me, you will love the bar but will not be overly impressed with the BBQ.
Not super different from the Dinosaur in Syracuse but I noticed a few things: weird pricing (some things were more expensive, some things less), limited menu (less sides, less meat options), more organized take out area, cleaner, bigger and cleaner bathrooms, nice waiting area in the front, more organized host station, less crowded, better parking set up. The food is great. The ribs are delicious, as always. I wish they had mashed potatoes at this location though. Our waitress recommended the BBQ fried rice and I was not a fan at all. The sausage, cheese, and crackers was really good - house made sausage with pimento cheese on crackers, sounds weird but was delicious! Service was good, wait time was nonexistent first thing on a Sunday. Even though this Dinosaur just opened the transition from new operation to fully functional restaurant was seamless. You really wouldn't be able to tell this place just opened up. Let's not forget the really great river view from just about every table. Now that was really nice!
- Wings are AMAZING - Dressings are delicious too - good atmosphere - Portions are PERFECT - I hate when a BBQ joint will overload your table with foods that you can't even possibly finish and charge you an arm and a leg for it!  Our portions at Dinosaur were perfectly sized.  :) I really enjoyed everything we ate that day! I also would like to mention they always have a fantastic selection of beer. Next time, I hope my waitress is more attentive and not so snotty.  She was sort of mean about how I ordered my food (I just asked for dressing on the side with my chicken) and she looked at me like I had two heads and asked, "Wait, WHAT?"  It was very strange.  I always felt like I was bothering her, too.. EITHER WAY, I'll def. be going back anyhow because the good food is just too good to pass up!
I really love Dino BBQ.  We go to the one in Harlem often enough but I wanted my family to experience it in Troy.  I made a reservation for 10 people (yes, they take reservations for large groups) and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  We ordered a ton of food, beers, and we all got dessert and the bill including tip was $390.  That seems reasonable to me but it could also be because I live in NYC. Parking was a pain in the *ss and they need to figure something out.  This place gets so crowded and it is insane to try to park in the lot.  That is the main reason I take away a star. I appreciate them checking on ingredients in things for us due to food allergies and also saying that the sweet potatoes have a walnut garnish before we even asked.  I enjoy the variety of beers they offer and I am never disappointed.  This time my beer even came with a cherry in it! Bonus!
I'm glad I finally got do eat here. I'm glad it - for me anyway - lived up to the hype. I'm also glad I dined here at 4pm on a Saturday instead of 5pm, so that I could take advantage of the parking lot. Had I arrived at 5pm, I guess I would have instead appreciated the nearby street parking. We sat in the bar, which is great if you want a view of the river, not-so-great if you are uncomfortable with bench seating. I liked the beer list. I think designated drivers also appreciate the fact that you can get pint-sized glasses of beer. I was amused that we also got the pint-sized glasses when we ordered a pitcher, though I suppose we can claim we got more glasses-per-pitcher by doing this. Since it was my first time here, I ordered a sampler platter to try a bit of everything, and it was generally good. I think you get slightly more than advertised for the quarter-rack of ribs. They weren't the absolute most tender ribs I've ever had, but they were tender and flavorful. Same for the chicken and brisket, though I could have done without the slices of jalapeno pepper on the brisket - either fresh or none at all please. I also enjoyed my steamed greens. The cole slaw was fresh and not overly creamy, but otherwise nothing special.  I sampled someone else's mac & cheese, which I thought was a bit too dry. The corn bread was a little dry, but the honey in it helped it be a little less bland. There were no problems with the service except that we had to ask our waitress twice for glasses of water.
Good BBQ on the riverfront just by Albany. The food is good - not the best BBQ I've had but good enough to come back twice. For the area, it's the best I've found. The food is ample, with good side dishes and a country barn decor. High volume, with no waiting (Thursday nights) even though it appears very full. Parking is onsite, but it fills up fast. Staff is friendly. Facility is tidy. We had pork ribs, which went well with all the different sauces on the table.
Solid brisket. Great beer selection. Me likey the Mac And Cheese. Chicken was good and juicy. Sauce was sweet and spicy. Speaking of sweet and spicy we loved our bartender Lisa. She was fun and made us want to come back for more. Rock on Lisa and Dinosaur BBQ!
I have been to the Dinosaur BBQ in Syracuse and I heard one was opening in Troy so I had to go.  I waited a little while because new places need to find their groove before it's fair to review them. Went with the family in summer 2011.  Food was great, waitress was great. Tip: It gets crowded at dinner time!!  Get there a little early (5-6PM) before the dinner rush; the place is not packed, the people are more relaxed, and it's easier to get service.
Had a great experience my first time enjoying DinoBBQ...  Fantastic meals, great value, groovy music, and sweet humorous service from very friendly waitresses.  Special thanks to Catherine for finding us ribs even though the kitchen was officially out of 'em on a very busy night.  If I could give this place 6 stars I would, and will def come back next time I'm in the area. Thx again Catherine!!!  You're the best!!!
I've been to the flagship joint in Syracuse about a dozen times so I had check this place out while I was in the area.  The layout is much larger and definitely has the same type of CNY flavor.   I was in town for work and had a seat at the long wooden bar for a couple of drinks and some pork and brisket. AWESOME!
A year ago I made the 'pilgrimage' out to the original Dinosaur BBQ in Syracuse and was impressed with the location and the food. Capital Q in Albany will always be my favorite BBQ, but damn this place is good. It's also good that I don't have to make the drive out to Syracuse anymore if I want Dinosaur. Let's start with the building. Dinosaur took the run down old Fresno's and turned it into something really great. It is inviting, and the smell just draws you in. I love the architectural touches throughout the place, like the locally made chandeliers. They laid the place out right for sure. The Hudson River views are awesome when you are seated in the right seats, and its cool eating BBQ watching snow flakes fly outside on the frozen water. For while eating this food, you forget that there is still several months left of cold, which is nice. BBQ definitely warms you up on a cold day. The service was great. I can honestly say that they gave some of the best service that I have ever had at a restaurant. We didn't want for anything. Even though they were busy, we were seated quick, had our drinks quick, never had to ask for a refill, and the food seemed to come out in less time than you'd have to wait at a McDonalds. The food is good. Not the BEST BBQ I've ever had. The ribs were tender and smoky (easily some of the better ribs I've had), pulled pork was all right, the brisket was nice and flavorful but nothing special. The sides were delicious. I highly recommend the Mac and Cheese and the BBQ beans.  Like I said, not the best I've ever had, but very good. I am glad Dinosaur decided to come to the area. Although I am not a huge fan of chains, Troy needs a place like this...It doesn't quite have the chain 'feel'  but its close, I guess such as it is when you have 3 other locations throughout the state, they obviously have the 'model' down. The food is consistently good though, and that is what people around here seem to look for. All in all, I'd say check it out for yourself.
The barbecue was very good, but the sides really set this place apart. I had the brisket and 1/4 rack of ribs combo.  I went with mac & cheese and whipped sweet potatoes. I can honestly say the mac & cheese was the best I've ever had.  The cornbread was also tops. If I'm ever close to a Dinosaur BBQ again, I'm there.
Well played my friend well played. So being from Texas I thought lets see how good these Yankees do BBQ.  Well way to show me. I had the pulled pork sandwich platter. Juicy and well marinated. The potatoes salad was extremely well seasoned and the acorn squash tasted just like a sweet potatoe. The service at the bar was great and I love the atmosphere. Now to the biggie. I had the local Root Beer and can I just say OMG it is better than Barqs and IBC. So thank u for that tip. U want good BBQ and r in the Albany troy area hit this place up u will not be disappointed
Good BBQ.  Chicken wings are great, ribs are great. Love dat mac and cheese god dayum they put something on it that makes it awesome. Good for take out or eating in with a group, which ever suits your mood.
I've never been disappointed here either with the food or service. Sometimes the wait to get a table is long so it is best to either reserve ahead or do call ahead seating if less than 2.5 hours before you want to eat and 30min before you arrive. Troy is a really lovely artsy town so expect a diverse crowd of families, college kids, business parties and bikers. The staff are always quick on their feet, pleasant and attentive. The food comes out even before you order usually if not right after after you order. We usually do the family order of ribs, brisket, pulled pork,BBQ chicken with sides of cornbread, Mac & cheese, fries and sweet potato mash (my personal fav with walnuts!) The sweetened tea is great and they serve Boylans soda. I've never seen the dessert menu because we can barely make it through dinner soooo full leftovers for the whole family the next day.
Like it's big brother in Syracuse, the Troy Dinosaur is a purveyor of truly excellent barbecue, and serves (for me, anyway) as a culinary anchor for its respective city. There are some differences between the pulled pork mothership and its satellite.  The Troy location is much larger and much newer.  The menu boasts housemade sausage (highly recommended) and pulled pork fried rice (unique and worth trying) instead of mashed potatoes. Despite these sometimes welcome differences, you're still going to get a clearly Dinosaur experience.  There are crowds, there is outstanding smoked meats, there are wonderful sides, there is attentive service.  If you're at home in Syracuse, you'll feel at home here too.
I personally love Dinosaur BBQ, and I particularly like this location (I have been to Syracuse and Rochester many times). I'm actually not a huge fan of BBQ, so I can't judge it on that count (kinda weird, I know). I am, however, a big fan of their fried green potatoes, their mac and cheese, and some of their sandwiches. I also highly enjoy the wide selection of beers available. This location is fantastic. It's nice and big, the river is right there, and the service is always really good. Parking can be a bit troublesome, but that's a function of the location. I think they did a good job decorating/stylizing the building, too. Dino BBQ is a good time: good atmosphere, good food, good location. It's a fun place to bring friends, especially people who haven't been to one before. So far, the amount of the locations has not diluted the appeal of the restaurant. I was excited when it was announced they were coming to Troy, and I've been very happy the times I have been since it opened.
Be carefull! it can get really expensive! for bb-q food
We've been here twice.  The first time, the food was a little better than average, but the second visit was dreadful.  Poor service, worse food.  The fries were undercooked and therefore tasted like soggy, greasy potato skins.  The ribs I got that day were seriously overcooked as well.  I'm giving it three stars based on the first visit as the quality was much better than the second and I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt.
So on my way driving to Ohio from Massachusetts I decided to make a pit stop in Troy to check out Dinosaur BBq and grab some road food.  NOT A GOOD IDEA! Let me repeat, NOT A GOOD IDEA! The reason I say that is because I damn near got in about 6 accidents driving and eating this lovely meal.  I actually pulled over on Interstate 84 to finish, one beacuse i didn't want to die and two, becasue this was some darn good bbq. I had the Tres Amigos (brisket, pulled, pork and 1/4 rack of ribs, mac and cheese, beans, and cornbread) and it did not disappoint.  The brisket was so moist and flavorful, the pulled prok which was under the brisket was the one I almost crashed on, and the ribs were awesome.   Will have to go back and try other options and actually sit down to enjoy in the safety of a booth, defnitely looking forward to that.
I liked it, my girlfriend and I had plenty of left overs and da Itus from the ribs! Click here for a description of da itus urbandictionary.com/defi… I had a scotch ale on tap which was crispy Chopped salad, your standard salad 6 Starter Wings with Wango Tango, they were BBQed too A triple sampler with fries, mac and Cheese, brisket, ribbis, and chicken. The corn bread was good and I don't like cornbread There was Pie but I went for the moist toilette instead Don't worry you get a bucket for the bones.
Ok service was great and food,  but just not enough food! I've been to the one in Syracuse and what a difference in the meals sizes. Still the food was great!!! That's why I gave them a 3 star!
The mac n' cheese was not as good the second time- overcooked wih the cheese melted dry over the top. I asked our server for the most crisp piece of chicken they could muster up in the ktichen and was served no such thing. They were not all that busy at the time.......so she might have taken the trouble. I am very fussy, but in a respectful, smiling way. The ribs were still tasty, but I still think their sauce needs work- or more choices. I want a thick, sweet and spicy sauce. One where I can taste the molasses, and a hot pepper bite at the finish. 'Guess I should bottle my own! We are still hopeful that they will  have non-smoking seating outside.
Dinosaur BBQ is one of the best BBQ experiences one can get in NY. They have an extensive menu with tons of different BBQ dishes and a lot of interesting sides. Their original BBQ sauce is a thinner sauce with a slight spiciness to it, and they also offer a spicier sauce in case you like a little extra heat. The ribs are cooked perfectly and fall right off the bone. I also recommend their pulled pork sandwiches which are topped with coleslaw...it's a really great combo. I also had a sandwich that had brisket, pulled pork and bacon on it, and that was pretty amazing. Their sides are also great. Their mac & cheese is unique and is definitely spicy hot (it is made with pepper jack cheese, and I think there's some jalapenos in it too). My favorite is the BBQ fried rice, which is basically the fried rice you would expect from a Chinese restaurant, but with BBQ sauce and cabbage as well. It's very, very good. The only problem with Dinosaur is that it's so damn popular. I would have went much more often if it wasn't so packed all the time, and the parking lot is small and horrendous. The restaurant itself is huge, but the parking lot is nowhere near enough to support probably half the customers at a time, so you'll either be circling the lot for awhile or you'll have to park either on the street or in one of Troy's parking garages. If you haven't been yet, it's worth the effort to get a parking spot and a table!
The food is pretty good, but it's not worth waiting more than an hour and a half for a table.  Sure, you can call first, but if you're already out, you should probably go somewhere else.  Also, because the place is extremely crowded, it's also way too loud. The service was good - my water glass was never less than half empty, which is a huge plus for me.  The food was fine, but, honestly, I'm not sure what all the fuss is about.  The cornbread was a little dry and too chewy.  The pulled pork was delicious, but no better than pulled pork I've had elsewhere (I mean, come on - pulled pork, if properly prepared, is always delicious).  The ribs could have used a little more char.  The main reason I eat barbeque is the sauce, and I just didn't see anything special about it.  It was fine. I like that they have a lot of combination plates, and it's nice that I was able to take home plenty of food for lunch the next day.  The prices are reasonable for what you get.  But, don't go there on a Saturday night unless you have nothing better to do than stand in a giant crowd of people and hope to one day get near enough the bar to order a drink.  Also, the parking lot is terrifying.
I made a reservation for 16 the day before, so that was easy. We got a nice, big table, and our server made sure we never needed anything. He was good at handling our rowdy table. I had the platter with pulled pork and brisket and they were both awesome. Both so tender, and I love the sweet BBQ sauce they have on every table. The cornbread was ok - I didn't find it as amazing as lots of other people on here. The maple sweet potato mash was the best part - spicy walnuts on top! I also tried my friend's mac n cheese and it was a little spicy and very cheesy. The chicken wings were really good, too. Honestly, I would give it five stars except for the mixed berry cobbler I had for dessert. It had a top like a muffin, not pie crust. Maybe I was wrong about cobbler crust, but it wasn't that great.
I have been to the Dinosaur in Harlem, Rochester and now Troy. This Dinosaur seems to be the best of the three. We had the swag sampler plate for 4. The fried green tomatoes were awesome, the wings are good, peel and eat shrimp good and the deviled eggs are the best. Next time I will order wings and eggs. The tres hombres is pretty good as well. I have had better ribs elsewhere but these ribs are good. We did not have dessert because we were stuffed. The server took a long time to initially take our order, but once she did she continued to be prompt.
This is the second time I have been here and I have to say that I am impressed with the food that they prepare and serve. They are pretty consistent with the quality of the food. The mash potatoes is very good, something I would recommend as a side if you decide to get some sort of platter. The original skillet is cooked right and is very tasty. I have had half a chicken before and that is also something I would recommend as well.
This was my first visit (finally) to the Dinosaur in Troy, but I have been to the other locations before. This place is just as good as they are. We went on what we figured would be an off night, but it was still pretty busy and parking wasn't an easy thing to come by. It was worth it, though. Had I been hungrier, I definitely would have ordered something bigger, but I went with the "hotter" wings, which were really tasty and honestly not particularly hot. I tried their "hottest" sauce -- it was definitely hot, but still not bad. My only complaint about the "hottest" sauce is that it seemed to taste a little too sweet for my liking.   The service was good and pretty prompt, despite the fact that the restaurant was considerably busy.
I do like Dino BBQ, but is it 5 stars?  No, I don't think so.  I've been to their Syracuse and Rochester locations many times and I think this location is doing a great job settling in but not as good as the others.  Some things are missing off the menu and sometimes things are just not cooked right.  My chicken last time was a bit watery and underdone.  Time before the pulled pork was a bit underdone and mushy.  The ribs are almost always spot on and delicious.  The sides are mostly good.  Yes, it's good but I don't think it's great and lives up to the hype. Some of the tables are really crowded and on top of each other as well.  It definitely does have character which is great and it's quite large with outdoor seating for the warm months.   The one awful thing is the parking.  The lot is a total nightmare.  It's seriously one of the worst parking lots in the area.  Dreadful. In a nut shell, I'm not dying to go back here, but if one of my friends or family does I won't fight.  It's good, not great.
After trying to get a table for dinner and not being successful we ended up going to lunch a couple of weeks ago. The place was fairly empty and we got a table overlooking the river. Our waiter (who's name I can't remember) was great, very informative and patient. The beer list was huge and I have a hard time making decisions so while he was getting my husband's Brooklyn something he brought me a sample of their house label. not really to my liking so I ordered my standby rare vos. Next time I think I'll order a flight - 4 4oz. glasses for the same price as a pint. I avoid giving my daughter high fructose corn syrup like the plague and the waiter really willingly checked out what their bottled soda had so I could make an informed decision. Definitely a plus to me. The food was good, not great but good. I tend to be a Q aficionado so I'm really hard to please. I steered away from the pulled pork and tried the ribs. They were really good, not great but really good. the sides were meh, my husband had the brisket and it was good (not capital Q good). My daughter had a burger and fries and she really enjoyed them. Until Capital Q opens a restaurant with tables, waiters, and beer Dinosaur will have to suffice (Santa could I have a Capital Q restaurant for Christmas Please?).
Coming from an area that knows BBQ (Kansas City) I am usually very hard on BBQ restaurants, but Dinosaur BBQ is one of my all-time favorites!   The food:  I highly recommend the wango tango wings (they taste smokey and tangy, very meaty), the ribs are fall off the bone and very meaty, and don't get me started on the sides!  The mac-n-cheese, BBQ bluecheese dressing, greens, deciding on the two sides is the hardest part of ordering! The atmosphere:  I have been to the Rochester location and the Troy location and both are so unique and so fun!  Live music in the evenings and just a cool vibe all the time. The beer:  Really nice variety and more than average number to choose from. Expect to wait for a table, but it will be totally worth it!
Stopped here on my way home from the Lake George Americade.  I felt I HAD to try this place out as I've been to the Syracuse, Rochester and Harlem locations more than once but have never been here.  The food here is every bit as GREAT as the other three locations.  What makes this place stand out is it is the FIRST one with more than adequate parking.  It also looks (to me) like the BIGGEST Dinosaur yet. The waterfront location was a pleasant surprise.  There's something relaxing about watching a river while eating.  Although the Troy location has outdoor seating overlooking the river, I sat inside due to the threatening skies (I don't think it actually rained, but why take the chance?). The inside was spacious, and I had my new favorite sandwich (the Pork-sket) with BBQ beans and the soup of the day (Jamaican Chicken). Naturally, I left STUFFED.  I'm amazed I didn't get drowsy on the rest of the ride home. I arrived early for dinner so I didn't have to wait long for a table, but when I left there was a line out the door so be warned!
We started our evening off with the swagger plate! Look at your meal now look at mean and envision you eating from out plate! Okay so enough of that and back to the app! It was amazing! Creole Deviled Eggs, Smoked Chicken Wings, Fried Green Tomatoes and Cajun Shrimp Boil. On their own the each were awesome but on one sampler plate it's a bargain!  My wife ordered up the Bronzed Catfish on a bed of Collared Greens(hint don't order a side of collared greens!) and BBQ fried rice.  I on the other hand went with the Tres Hombres with the Mac and cheese and fresh cut fries. There was enough food for tres hombres. There is no way anyone can finish this all in one seating with out being carried out in a wheelbarrow.  This place is worth the wait but if in a rush head to the tall tops in the bar. Our total was under $55 for two people so it's a great price for such an awesome place.
2 stars only because I've gone three times and have had great service each time but "Meh, I've had better" for the food. The ribs that I've had were decent. Not the "fall off the bone" type and the flavor was nothing special, tasted like something one could make at their own home BBQ. Mac n' Cheese was good but then again it's hard to mess that up. STAY AWAY FROM THE STEAK! I should have known better but you have to learn someway... I asked for a medium rib eye. Got a charred steak the 1st time. They did offer the steak on the house after that but when they brought the steak back for the 2nd time it came out slightly less charred. When I go to any restaurant I expect to eat food that is better than what I can make for myself. This place isn't it... I'm glad Texas Roadhouse just opened up... Maybe Dino will step their game up now that there's some competition in town
Well I can't say I was a 100% fan of this place. I believe they over smoke their meat, and I'm only  saying that because I've never  had a hard time breathing while chewing food before, due to the smokey-ness. I also wasn't a fan of their spicy collard greens, or their corn bread =/ However, their mac and cheese was really good, and so were the ribs. I tried the brisket and the pulled pork. Both were really good despite that one factor. Service was fast and friendly. They also served drinks in mason jars which was a nice touch. The prices were also amazing. Probably will be returning for the ribs and to try the chicken and other sides. Also wasn't expecting the place to be so big, but I enjoyed that. My boyfriend also got one of their special, a brisket cheesesteak which he loved, and he also didn't like the collard greens or the corn bread (and he loves corn bread.) The fries that he got as a side were lacking in quantity. An iced tea, lemonade, and 2 meals... $36.
I live in downtown Albany and gladly drive out to Troy for a meal at Dino. Our last visit was my very favorite visit ever.  Our server Sarah was just amazing - funny, personable, attended to us just enough without hovering, and our drinks were always full. The food: smoked meat, amazing sides, something for everyone.  My very favorite meal is ordering the garlic chipotle wings for an appetizer, then getting the half BBQ chicken plate, with BBQ friend rice and mac & cheese as my sides. I usually roll myself out the door after eating WAY too much and laughing until my sides hurt.  A very casual atmosphere, bikers are happily welcomed here, and one of my tricks is the grab two seats at the bar and eating there instead of waiting for a table.  The bartenders are so nice and personable that I'm happy to hang out there and order a few drinks with my meal.
I grew up on the original Went to college at the second attempt live near the third try The troy one had the best food (at least for the night I was there) The ribs were incredible.  Nice bark, super juicy and well trimmed. It could use some of syracuse's charm, it's a little chain lookalikey for me. Nice beers too!
Great food.  Great atmosphere.  Service is so-so
will order again: - pulled pork - 5 stars - mashed sweet potatoes - 5 stars - fried green tomatoes - salted potatoes - soft and nice just ok - ribs - beef briskets - fried rice - mac & cheese - sesame chicken wings will not order again: - cole slaw - deviled eggs - too sour - shrimp (appetizer) Came here at 12pm for lunch and there was no wait.
