Stopped in and ordered the One Hot Chick Sandwich it was terrific! Lettuce was crisp & fresh, ingredients were high quality, blue cheese was great. Only gripe was being told it would be 20-25 minutes, it was 11am, and not busy. On the plus side it was done in about 15 & the cashier came outside to look for me so I could be on my way.
Excellent food at reasonable prices in a surprise location. Blink and you will miss it.  Fascinating and varied menu.
Nice mom and pop store with homemade unique dishes. Crab cake was nice. Service was excellent.  Very clean well kept.
After driving by this place many times on my way to the Farmer's Market in Troy, my wife and I finally made it in! We had breakfast - Apple French Toast with a strip of turkey bacon, and the Baked Oatmeal. The food was hot and fresh and was served by very friendly staff. We also had some local coffee, as all of the products feature local ingredients and suppliers. We were not disappointed and we will definitely be back. My only suggestion, it is a small space and felt a little cluttered.
Absolutely wonderful experience.  Delicious food.  Cozy, quaint.  The owner is awesome and you can tell she truly cares about her customers.  I will absolutely be back, and truly hope the community supports this local gem.
We tried this for the first time today! They just celebrated their first anniversary and it is very quaint and cozy. You can mix and match your meals and they have specials of all kinds! It's very very unique. Highly recommended basically a gourmet type of cafe and you can choose from a variety of items.
This place had great food and a wonderful selection of local products. Customer service was exceptional. Would go back for that alone. If I could give 6 stars, I would. Small place, but gotta give it a try.
What a nice little cafe located in Watervliet of all places! Local Flavor Cafe opened up in the former Mr. Subb space, which was closed last year due to a fire. The name of this cafe "Local Flavor Cafe" is exactly what it is! They use and sell local food products made in NYS including organic fair trade coffee beans & organic nuts from Tierra Farm (Valatie), jar sauces from Meesh's (Green Island) and pasta & sauces from Grandpa Pete's (Catskill), peanut butters & nuts from Peanut Principle (Latham), organic peppers from Roxbury Farm (Kinderhook), deli meats & cheeses from Tri City Deli (Port Schuyler), Saratoga Chips, and others. They also sell gluten free products from Sherry Lynn's (Latham). The cafe itself is very cozy which is an order at the counter place with a couple mesh tables for eating in and a few shelves with a variety of NYS food products. They have NYS Maple Syrup! The cafe menu offerings include made to order sandwiches, salads, chili, soups, quiche from Pika's Farm Table (Big Indian), and fresh baked goods (pies, cookies, cakes, cheesecake). They also have a neat snack menu including Jacked Up Jalapenos, Bruschetta, Asiago Artichoke & Spinach Mushrooms, Chevre & Basil Tarts, and Gourmet Sampler Platter (cheese & fresh fruit plate). Most a la carte sandwiches $4.50-$6.50. Daily specials are posted on their Facebook page. I was in here recently and ordered a Ploughman's Sandwich ($5.50) with warm soft focaccia bread, melted Muenster cheese, fresh veggies (romaine lettuce, cucumbers, alfalfa sprouts), spicy arugula, fresh mustard greens, mustard & mayo spread. The sandwich tasted very good and fresh. This was a nice place to stop for a late lunch and I would definitely return again if I'm driving through the area.
in the top 5 best places to eat in the capital region!!! just go!!!! everything is fresh local and made to order! wow!!!
Yummy gluten free food.  The owner is awesome.  My sandwich and soup were fantastic.
Delicious lunch, can't wait to try the soups next. No more Panera for me!
