Ordered my usual Illium Steak Wedge salad.  It was so rare, I could not eat one of the pieces.   They forgot my deep fried goat cheese balls.  The waiter said I'll get those for, and came back with one small ball.   We signed up for the free birthday meal awhile ago and my birthday came and went with no coupon.   I asked the waitress and she said talk to the owner and took the credit card to quickly run the whole bill through.   It was a great place to come and eat, I hope they don't loose the reign.
The Illium might not be a greasy spoon, but you will smell like one when you leave.  The air exchange there has always been a challenge.  The food is fair, the place is dirty and the waitstaff often disinterested.  Our last waitress had filthy fingernails and picked up our coffee cups by the rims.  Perhaps it was to discourage customers from requesting refills.   Fortunately, there are other places to eat in Troy, so you can avoid this place.
The paninis are delicious!
It's reopened!
Have to say Marla is a great chef.  First ran across her when she cooked at Envy.  She made the best lobster macaroni and cheese.  I went to Illium for breakfast and her creations were awsome....next time I  am heading for dinner.
Oh, lovely Troy, thou art blest with thy namesake café, and it is all that is good and fine with you. Inside Ilium's tumbledown classic building you are vintage, with old scratched wood floors and slightly dilapidated pressed ceilings sagging under the weight of retrofitted sprinklers and incongruous woodshop-style flourescent lights. In Williamsburg you'd've been turned hipster with pendant cage lighting and faux finishes; here you have flowers and a few elements of affected bling but mostly just your old beautiful self. Your mural depicting the riverfront is, like the view of the riverfront outside itself, obstructed by an odd structure that hints at an awesome view but only that. You are living: ancient of origin, but breathing anew. Your food is excellent, o Ilium: asparagus salmon omelet wherein the salmon is crisply grilled but the asparagus and spinach gently cooked for crunchy yumminess and a recognizably green color. Your coffee is good and is refilled many times. Your hand servants are attentive without hovering, friendly without obsequiousness or familiarity, timely without engaging in undue haste. Your pricing, far from the showy wealth of Croesus or the tragic greed of Midas, is modest for ample and delicious food, less so than any diner of crass modernity might proffer. Heroes of this age, hear me! The great deeds of the past are not dead. They live on in Ilium! To there, all adventuring souls possessed with the hunger of the Gods must travel.
Delightful breakfast! We walked about early on a Saturday morning, eyeing the many booths being set up for the Troy Farmers Market--which has a strict start-time of 9 am. We had to be at work at 9, but wanted to walk about and maybe find something interesting to eat while in town. We spotted the OPEN sign at Cafe Ilium and went inside. So glad we did! We were seated in a sunny window--the decor is turn of the century woodwork, varnished and dark-colored, with lots of natural light and charm. We had terrific coffee--They had soy milk, which is important to me--and homemade seven-grain toast and raspberry jam, with potato veggie hash. The price was very reasonable, about $7 each for this meal. Very friendly and fast service too. The menu looked great for lunch too. We will be returning--The word is, you often need to call ahead to reserve or you wait a long time to get in. We were lucky. It was the start of a great day in Albany, begun in historic Troy.
I ordered one of their specials which was a Greek Chicken Quesadilla for about $9.75. The Pineapple Cherry Chutney on it was an amazing touch. Great chicken breast chunks. Very filling. The fiancé ordered the Chicken mozzarella sandwich, something along those lines and he enjoyed it. Said he didn't like the coleslaw at all, and he's a big coleslaw fan. Service wasn't bad.
Second visit- better than the first, which was memorable. Why did I wait so long to return??? It is definitely worth the trip from anywhere. I had a surf & turf sandwich- steak & shrimp- sandwich.  True, there was only one GIANT shrimp, but it was EXCELLENT!!!! Companion had the regular French toast with berries. Also very fine. The Entertainment Card took oneself off up to $9.00, so it was a great price.
It's okay. I haven't tried most of their selections mainly because it's really pricey. The waldorf wrap with potato salad is the BEST! They have sufficient room for large gatherings/parties. The staff members are very friendly and they do offer outside seating. The restaurant location is in the heart of downtown Troy, so parking would be very difficult unless you use a meter.
Overall, I like the food here and find the service varies anywhere from excellent to almost negligent. My most recent visit was for brunch, and it was busy without being slammed, meaning there wasn't a wait, yet the majority of tables were filled. We sat down and ended up waiting over 20 minutes just to place our order and get coffee. I ordered the scallop quesadilla. Surprisingly, even though the rest of the paninis and sandwiches come with a choice of potato salad or cole slaw, the quesadilla apparently doesn't, despite a menu heading that clearly says, "All menu items below come with the choice of a side." A suggestion might be to put a small note underneath it on the menu, to make sure customers have the right expectation when ordering. The quesadilla was good and the scallops were excellent. I was annoyed at being left so long before having an order taken and then frustrated that the menu didn't clearly warn me about what I was or wasn't getting with my meal. One positive, two medium negatives; I'm sure I'll end up there again at some point.
It took an Entertainment book coupon to lure me here. It took a GPS to get me here. It took patience to find a parking spot during peak lunch time on a Friday.  But it was worth it, and if I lived or worked in downtown Troy, I might come here a lot for lunch or brunch. I can't report on service because today was unusual for them. One of their wait staff called in sick unexpectedly, and they also got a large lunch party for the back room unexpectedly. So all the servers were running around at breakneck speed. Fortunately, we were not in a hurry. Our waitress was still very polite, knowledgeable, and she really got into reading off the lunchtime specials with a lot of enthusiasm, almost as if she was doing a real commercial. And while it took a couple extra minutes for us to be greeted and get our drinks, there was no problem at all in the kitchen. Our lunches came out really fast. We both got gourmet sandwiches. They receive my highest compliment: "Messy good."  The corned beef was thickly sliced with cheese between two slices of marbled rye bread. My Cuban sandwich had a lot of ham and pulled pork, but it was the spicy mustard which made it stand out. Take note, the mustard they use is very strong - great for me, your mileage may vary. Also, ask for more napkins. I did not order a specialty coffee, but after seeing the drinks the ladies at the table next to me ordered, I wish I had. Even with the few extra minutes navigating through the streets of Troy to get here, it was a nice break from hours of shopping in Albany and Latham. The Entertainment coupon did what it was supposed to do - get me to try the place for the first time. Now I know.
We went here for dinner on a Friday night. The food was excellent. The tacos appetizer, the main scallop course, and the vegetable mac and cheese were excellent. Especially, the latter two. My wife ordered a cold plum wine soup from the specials menu and enjoyed it immensely. We were completely surprised, in a good way, by this place and will return. Our waitress was nice and personable. But, it doesn't seem that whoever is running the place has a good handle on things. The entire staff seemed overworked and confused -- a good floor manager could easily sort that out. Positive experience. I implore all of you to check it out.
I've had mixed results from Illium which is my most convenient lunch spot. The tomato soup was great but the goat cheese and zucchini soup was surprisingly flavorless. I'm a big fan of the cole slaw but have not been blown away by anything else, until today, when I met the portabella arugula sandwich! Holy Moly, if your a fan of strong blue-like cheese you need to try this. The roll is soft but grilled crispy (perfect) great ratio of cooked vs raw veggies making for a perfect crunch factor, a touch of sweetness in the roasted red peppers and balsamic.
Driving around one Sunday afternoon after picking blueberries east of town, it proved harder than expected to find any place to eat that was open. Fortunately, Illium Café obliged and we found easy street parking less than a block away. My dining companions all ordered salads or sandwiches and with my nephew in town, they were kind enough to bring a child seat for the booth. The menu for specials looked appetizing, so I couldn't resist the cold melon soup, which was quite refreshing. The buttery giant bean high-protein salad proved to be an excellent companion, but was big enough that I certainly didn't need to order the soup! The ahi tuna and avocado salad proved to be a hit, along with the grilled vegetable panini and grilled marinated portabella and arugula panini. The chef certainly takes pride in their work and the old-time feel of the place added a certain charm. Obviously this place is pretty vegetarian friendly, but there is plenty on the menu for everyone - the Cajun pork-belly & crispy prosciutto open faced panini sounded great!
Easily the best place to eat in the capital region. Trendy interior feels like Europe, and the food is phenomenal. The prices are very cheap (about 10 dollars a plate) but the dishes could easily sell for three times that in NYC Or Boston. Helpful and friendly waitstaff, amazing food, fun environment. Can't go wrong. Always great specials for Lunch and a great line up of lunch entrees, but I especially recommend anything off the breakfast menu.
I had the high protein salad, Cuban pork sandwich and the smoked turkey panini! All were delicious. And incredibly filling. I like this little cafe in Troy. It's always busy on weekend afternoons, but I've never had to wait long for a table for two. I like the old timey feeling and waitress was really nice. My only complaint is the arrangement of the tables and chairs. Where we sat made it impossible to have a private conversation. We were so incredibly close to our neighbors even though they were at a different table. And the place is so drafty because the doors are constantly being opened letting the freezing air in. I'd go back anyway.
I've only had sandwiches and salads here but what I have had was fantastic.  I've only ordered take out so I can't vouch for the dining experience. I highly recommend the following since they are fantastic. -the veggie spring roll salad -the ahi tuna salad -the Cuban sandwich I also recommend the following since I really enjoyed them. -the buttery giant bean high protein salad -the vegetarian burger -the salmon BLT The coffee is good but I've had better. I always run into this one annoying scenario every time I try to add shots of espresso: ME: " I'd like a large coffee with two shots of espresso." SERVER: " our shots of espresso are doubles." ME: " I understand. It states that on your menu board. I would like two of those added to my coffee please." SERVER: "Ok so you'll have one of our double shots of espresso, right?" ME:  " No. I'll have two shots added to my coffee please." SERVER: "But they are doubles so you want one, right?" ME: " forget it.  Just give me an espresso. ~sigh~"
We went there on a Friday afternoon.  It was packed.  we waited about 10 min. for a table.  My husband had a fish sandwich that was a special that day.  $11.00 He loved it.  nicely fried.. 2 big pieces of fish..very tasty and a great cole slaw.  I had the surf and turf sandwich.  $10.00    delicious..  grilled fillet with greens and aioli and roasted red peppers on a light delicious bun.  a perfectly grilled huge shrimp came along with it for the surf...so good...and a very good potato salad.  Both were good portions and we both took home enough for another light lunch.  Our server was very nice and efficient.  We were told that the food may take a little longer as the place was filled, but we did not have to wait that long.  We have had a wonderful breakfast here a few months ago and now this delightful lunch.  Will definitely be back again..very soon..
Had a great breakfast here last weekend. The Kobe Burger Eggs Benedict and my husband had the Belgium Waffles. Both were excellent. Would recommend this restaurant good and interesting food.
Rude and impatient service; mediocre food; greasy and smoky environment. I don't understand why this place has an average 4 stars on yelp. When I walked into the cafe, I immediately noticed the overwhelming smell of oil and smoke (like the smell of cheap diners). I just had a breakfast there, and when I left, I smell like oil from hair to toe, the smell will stick to your cloth, every inch of your skin, and I had to go back home to take another shower to get rid of the smell. The food is just as greasy as the air smells. My bagel came drenched in oil. The coffee was ok. The service made me feel very unwelcomed. The waitress never came to me after my initial order. When I wanted another coffee, I tried to get her attention for about 10 minutes. She knew that I needed service because our eyes met a couple times. But she just ignored me. What made it worse is that, since the breakfast sandwich was so greasy and horrible, I only finished 1/3 of it. So I wanted to order a fruit cup to complete my breakfast. But the waitress just put my bill on the table and walked away (without even talking to me). I waited for another 15 minutes, trying to get the attention from one of the wait staff to get my fruit cup. But failed. They looked at me, and went away. But they came to me immediately as I gave up and put my credit card on the check. I feel that they just wanted me to leave. I didn't even dare to try using the Groupon that I bought for this place. I felt that they would have been angrier at me if I did. I dare not dine there ever again.
I like Illium Cafe, I really do. But I was turned off by the ambiance. They really need to spend some money on the place. It's in serious need of a remodel. First the good. The food: I'd been here a couple of years ago for lunch. I don't remember the details, but I do remember that I enjoyed my sandwich. Today we stopped in for breakfast. My wife got the special. It consisted of french toast, with Nutella, walnuts, bananas, and maple syrup. When I asked her to describe it, these are some of the adjectives she used: "Sweet" "Delicious" French toast was "not too eggy" Bananas were "warm and coated in syrup" Overall the dish was "to die for" Needless to say she loved it. I got an egg, sausage, and cheddar croissant sandwich. It too was very good. I especially liked the way the cheese was caramelized from contact with the flat top. If I had one complaint, it would be that the egg was unseasoned. It really needed a bit of salt and pepper. I also got a cup of coffee and it was better than I expected. I enjoyed the coffee very much. Now the bad: The place is in serious need of an update, and a cleaning. For example, behind our table, on a shelf, was a laptop computer that they were using to play music. It looked to be at least 10 years old. But that's not the issue. It was covered in dust. The hardwood floors look original to the building. But they desperately need to be refinished, and they have a sliminess that is off putting. Finally, we were seated in the back room. It smelled musty. And we noticed a dehumidifier in the room. So they definitely have a moisture problem. Would I go back? Maybe. But only because the food was so good. Though I'd be far more enthusiastic about it if they cleaned and freshened up the interior a bit.
My wife and I were looking for something good to eat for lunch while making the trek home from central NY.  I whipped out my phone and went straight to yelp without passing go and quickly decided to give Illium a try.  We both agreed this is a great spot for lunch, and suspect that breakfast is probably pretty solid as well.  I ordered a cup of the spicy chicken enchilada soup.  Talk about thick stick to the ribs starter and it certainly packed some heat.  I was in the mood for some greens so I ordered the Cobb salad and was very pleased with my choice.  Bad salad is another pet peeve of mine and pleased that Illium does not fall into that camp.  If you are going to offer entree salads than make a bad ass salad!  My wife ate what I think  best is best described as a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on steroids.  Think lunch/dessert/awesome all wrapped into one.  The bread was clearly locally made and tasted great.  After stealing a bite of my wife's and seeing some of the other sandwiches being ordered I did have a bit of sandwich envy.   The only negative thing I wanted to point out was that the place was pretty slow and it was getting close to closing time, so our waitress more or less bailed on us to go get a head start on cleaning up.  Hey I get wanted to go home at the end of the day, but if you are going to be open take care of your customers!  It not for the service issue I probably would have gone 5 stars!
I love that they experiment with their specials.   The menu descriptions always look awesome, but I generally only like the brunch dishes.  The lunch side salads didn't taste appealing to me.  The place looks classy, but the staff doesn't mind small children at all.  The brunch portions are pretty big.  They do have a fruit platter and oatmeal for people trying to eat a little healthier.
Very expensive for mediocre food. The staff was very friendly but unfortunately that didn't save the experience. We got our order to go. We both settled on cuban sandwiches. The portions we very small considering how much the sandwiches cost (like $9 each). They were also extremely greasy which was a huge turn off. The side of potato salad was laughable. Seriously one spoonful in a condiment container! I'm sorry but a side should be at least more than one bite. I had requested no aioli on my sandwich due to an allergy which they observed but I think the chef then decided I should have more mustard on my sandwich, which made it hard to eat and ruined what little flavor there was of the sandwich. I really wanted to like this place but sorry we have no desire to return. We both felt it had been a huge waste of money.
The food was the definition of mediocrity and very forgettable.  Had the waldorf chicken salad and split the peanut butter and jelly with a friend for dessert. What was not forgettable was the way the server jipped me for $1.60  I asked if I could substitute chips for an extra fee instead of the macaroni salad or coleslaw that the meal comes with, was told it was not a problem... Then when the bill came the bag of chips was $1.60 and I was told that they don't do any substitutions... Even though he said they did and I was never given the included side.   Very mediocre food and underhanded service (with a smile though).
We went here for brunch and I decided to step a little outside of my safe zone and try something exciting and different. They had a pork belly and scallop benedict with pink champagne peppercorns and blood orange.  It's hard to say whether I'm just picky or it was poorly executed but it would teeter totter back and forth between incredible to horrible between each bite. I think in the end there was just too much going on and it didn't all work. But I wanna give them the benefit of the doubt and try something else another time. The food and service was also inconsistent. We had a large party but the time span between the first dish being brought out and the last was close to ten minutes. This is unacceptable because its rude to start eating before everyone has their meal and it just indicates a sloppy kitchen.
Fantastic food.  Fantastic coffee.  Reasonable prices. Would be a 5-star but the service can sometimes be a bit slow and, while much better than at times in the past, cooking/kitchen smells/smoke can sometimes overwhelm the dining area still.
I think my previous reviews have established just how excellent breakfast and lunch are at the Illium Cafe.  I have now had the opportunity to have dinner here 3 times and it was delicious.   My most recent dinner I had the seared rare ahi tuna over wasabi risotto.  The portion looks small on the plate, but oh how those giant plates deceive.  The ahi was fresh and flavorful and much to my surprise I loved the wasabi risotto (surprised because I'm usually not a fan of wasabi and I never get excited about riotto, but OMG delicious). The menu is appropriately limited, which is a very good thing.  I much prefer the option of having something prepared well rather than having the "kitchen sink" option prepared meh or worse.  The wine list is decent.  I don't think they have any beers on tap, but they do have some good craft choices in bottles.   This is my favorite breakfast, lunch AND now dinner place in Troy (dinner hours are limited, but that makes it all the more special).  Breakfast and lunch are cheap and dinner is reasonably priced for the quality. Service is pretty much the same.
The babes and I went here today after attending the Troy Farmer's Market.  When we showed up there was a line out the door but being just a party of two the wait was only 10 minutes.  We were seated outside, which sometimes means less attentive service but that was not the case at Illium.  Our waiter took our drink orders right away and gave us the perfect amount of time to peruse the menu. I went with the Chimichurri Surf & Turf sandwich.  It is a steak sandwich with jumbo shrimp (placed on the side but you can put it in the sandwich if you choose), bleu cheese, roasted red peppers and arugala on foccacia bread.  I do not usually rave about steak but this was hands down one of the best lunch sandwiches I have had and gives me enough reason alone to return again. The babes ordered the salmon BLT which she thoroughly enjoyed but did not blow her away.  All in all it was a very good experience and we will definitely be back. Also a quick note;  The babes is the best at finding groupons which we used at Illium.  I do not believe this cafe is overpriced but with the groupon it is a steal of a deal.
The Illium Cafe was the reason that we deviated off out course heading home from Upstate. The promise of a good lunch as per fellow yelper reviews. Parking is relatively easy in the area and the cafe is located right at Monument Square so I would assume the most historic part of the City and certainly of Downtown. Truth is too that they had some veggie options that caught my eye but (scream) I ended up getting a tuna sandwich, modified from a cheese melt. It was really delicious. The bread was soft and fresh full of grains and the veggies were all fresh and brilliant in hue and in taste. And the portion was so generous that I ended up taking half home for dinner. It came with a pickle, crisp and well pickley, and a little scoop of cole slaw which to relief was less mayo-ey than I anticipated.   I suppose one can grab a tuna sandwich anywhere but this one was so obviously made with thought and care. I do not eat them often, rarely in fact is more like it, but for whatever reason that day I took a pass on what I was going to order, a grilled veggie wrap of some sort, and happily ate this. Many thanks to the tuna. :((( I would venture to say what makes Illium Cafe special is that everything is made from scratch and with love and that is rare in this day and age. This is a special place and well deserving of its yelp love. This cafe is clearly someone's pride and joy and those sentiments are reflected not only in the food but the environment, vintage chic, and in its employees who were stellar. Though we only had lunch there it is deserving of 5 stars and a return visit. BRAVO!! youtube.com/watch?v=dWkS…
Owner/chef Marla had the food quality nailed from the moment she opened her doors -- front of house? Not so much. Through most of her first year of operation, lets just say service was homey and extremely casual. Don't know what happened, but recently, her waitstaff turned over almost 100%, and the new team is much faster, more efficient, and on the ball. Perhaps still not a match for the amazing standards Marla sets in the kitchen, but a huge improvement nevertheless. I give the Illium extra points for savvy ingredient purchasing that lets them keep the prices lower than you would expect for such good food. Don't miss this place - it's a treasure.
Cliff notes version: Great food. Great price. Spotty service. Review: We arrived here last weekend a little before 10.  Because the weather was so nice we chose a table outside.  Waitress came over and took our coffee order.  Delivered that and then took our food order. Brought the food and that was the end of her.  She was pleasant when she was around, but she wasn't around.  She didn't stop by to ask how the food was or if we could get a refill on the coffee.  When it was time to pay I walked in and went up to the counter. She then asked how it was. I held back my "Well if you checked up on us you would have seen there is nothing left" and played it nice because I want to be welcomed back since the food is awesome.   What made me fat: I ordered the Very Berry French Toast. It is Challah bread topped with seasonal fresh fruit in a simple syrup topped with vanilla whipped cream.  It came as described and was awesome (see pic).  The missus ordered a special omelette that I forget what was in it but that was cleaned off the plate as well.   Café to do list: Clean the front of the windows.  We sat outside next to their windows and it looked like a museum for a fly holocaust.  When we left we checked out the other windows and it was the same situation, a mass grave of flies.   I think we will try sitting inside next time to see if that changes how the service is. I really wanted to give the place 5 stars but it can't be done. Food: 5 Stars Service: 2.5 Stars Window treatment: Negative 1 star. Using my highly scientific calculation for rating restaurants, they get 3 stars. DON'T QUESTION MY MATH!  Clean the windows and check up on your guests and this place would be 5 stars all day long. Side note: No fresh squeezed juices. OJ is in a Tropicana bottle you would get from a vending machine.
Thank you Yelp for directing us to this very cool and funky place in downtown Troy. Dropped in for a Saturday late lunch and were very impressed. The decor is a mix of old (high tin ceilings, dark wood) and bizarre (glass covered cabinets and showcases with artifacts, vases, pitchers, sculptured hands, etc.) There are murals way up high on the upper walls. It's like a museum on acid. We ordered a Salmon "BLT" Wrap - $9.25 -"Salmon salad, fresh arugula, diced tomatoes, apple-wood smoked bacon, in a slightly grilled herb wrap", an Asian Chicken Salad Wrap -$6.95- "Tender diced chicken, mandarin oranges, toasted almonds, chili infused mayo, arugula, roasted red peppers, shredded carrots and cucumbers", and a Veggie Spring Roll Salad- $8.50 - "Baby spinach, spring rolls, seasoned goat cheese, mandarin oranges, and dried cranberries with Asian vinaigrette". It came with six of the teeniest tiniest spring rolls we have ever seen!! Food was very good. My Asian Chicken was fabulous- very flavorful with a nice balance between the crunchy veggies and the moist chicken, No dried out overcooked chicken here, it was really good. And I have to say something about my iced coffee. It's not an easy beverage to make. Very often it's way too strong, or watered down, or just has an "off" taste. This was PERFECT and delish.
This place is amazing!  I can't believe all the things I've missed in the 6 years I've lived in Troy.  I am slowly being reintroduced to this wonderful city by fellow yelper Amber F.  I'm extremely happy this was on the tour.  Illium is a beautiful place with great ambiance.  As soon as you walk in you're greeted by the smell of bacon and comfort food.  The waiter was very nice, but slightly inattentive.  Not a big deal but thought I'd mention it.  Now the important part.  I ordered the Ultimate Grilled cheese. Amber got the Vegetable panini.  They did not lie about the title of my sandwich.  It's tough to balance a grilled cheese with that many flavors.  It was absolutely PERFECT!  Amber enjoyed hers but not nearly as much as me.  Either way we'll be back a bunch!
Yikes... is all I SHOULD say. My mom told me if I didn't have something good to say, say nothing at all. But damn ma, the Illium cafe is awful! I have to tell. We went there tonight for the 1st time. The moment we walked in we were overcome with the smoke of cooked steaks and food. It's really BAAAAD in there. I imagine if an employee complained to the state of NY health dept, the Illium cafe would be shut down for unsafe air quality. Breathing that bad air for 8 hours has to be worse than unsafe noise levels! I still wreek of burn food 4 hours later. I'm going to have to change my clothes and shower to get rid of the stink. The waitress apologized for the long delay and gave us a discount without us even asking. That's how long it took for us to get served and there weren't THAT many people in there. I think there were more employees than there were customers.   When it finally came out... the expensive food was really very mediocre. The $19 duck dish was absolutely tiny. It tasted fine but it looked like 1/2 of a drumstick. That's how small it was. Seriously. The $12 ground short rib burger (why do they call it that? Do they ground up ribs and turn them into a buger? Sounds odd eh?) was also tiny (smaller than a 1/4 pounder at McDonalds) but tasted OK. I'm almost certain my burger didn't have the advertised "locally produced truffle infused cows milk cheese". The only thing that was "infused" was my clothing and hair with smoke from the kitchen. I'm still burping up the smokey burnt tase 4 hours later. The eggplant fries were actually quite tasty but too soggy and limp. Ok so, if I owned the illium and wanted it to be successful here's what I'd do... 1. get some ventilation for the kitchen. No one should smell smoke while trying to eat. And, no one should have to work in that atmosphere. 2. Decide whather you want to be a trendy upscale eatery where "hip" people eat out OR a dive-y diner wannabe.  You're sort of on the fence but definitely trending toward being a dive. If you want to be trendy and hip then lose the TVs  and dim the lights by about 50%. If you want to continue to be a dive-y diner then keep the old TVs and leave the lights really bright like they are now. 3. Move that loudly humming, lighted, square, tall drink cooler out of the dining room. It's loud, annoying and pretty bright. It doesn't belong near the diningroom or near patrons trying to eat and talk. We'll come back again in a year or so to see which way the illium decided to go. I hope it gets it sh*t together and turns itself around. Troy needs a cool, trendy, non-cookie-cutter place to eat out.
No no no no no NO! The chef in this establishment needs to bone up on his/ her sanitation knowledge. Being a chef, I can tell you that if you view raw chicken being prepped in plain view, with fruit and vegetables on the same cutting board, run, run away as fast as you can. The young lady doing the prep (blond, a black chefs jacket on) was not wearing a hat or hairnet. As I stood in line, waiting for a table and watching this, the chef is screaming, it's smoky as hell and as loud as a whisky bar on payday. We left.
I had the best omelet ever here!  Had some Saturday brunch on the sidewalk after the Troy farmers market, and it was lovely.  My only complaint is they don't serve booze.  How can there be brunch without a bloody mary?  Other than that, the food is excellent.
Pretty disappointed by the food. Although I enjoyed the outdoor seating food and clean utensils was an issue. We sat down and when we were given our tea pot, mug and spoon, the spoons were dirty as was the tea pot. Food was simple and actually very uninspired as least what I saw on the menu. I got the salmon asparagus spinach omelette. Nothing was seasoned and the salmon was so overcooked it was chewy. The veggies were fresh, but the egg part of the omelette was overcooked. A bit of salt and pepper would have helped, they didn't have salt shakers on the table. /sigh My friend got the eggs benny, she enjoyed it and she had it with bacon instead of canadian bacon which was a good choice. the bacon was nice and crisp and stood up to the poached egg and hollandaise.
A restaurant witty enough to present Buffalo Frogs' Legs is in itself worth five stars. Okay, I googled. This idea has been floating around for a couple of years, which is still good, because this area is usually six to ten years behind the times. Huzzah!
I had the most amazing wrap here the other day. It was the steak and egg wrap. Soooo delicious...just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Grilled steak, peppers, and onion mixed with scrambled eggs and melted cheese all bundled together in a soft wrap. Yum! I wish I lived closer so I could get one tomorrow morning! Oh and the coffee drinks are not bad either. I highly recommend the iced mocha carmel latte.
My fiance and I LOVE this place. In the summer you can sit outside right in the middle of the farmers market! I hear they are expanding, and they should because this place is getting very popular. Have only had breakfast here, and I will admit, I cannot get myself to order anything but the Parisian Omelet - it is outstanding - served with fancy french cheese and lots o fresh spinach. The toast is fantastic and they always serve your meal with fresh fruit. Coffee is delicious, . Jayne gets a little more experimental and tries other things that are always great. Here's the kicker - a meal here cost about the same OR LESS than any diner in Troy. Always about $20.00 with tip!!
I have been wanting to try Illium Cafe for dinner for a while now and last night I finally got it, and I'm happy I did!  My dining partner and I went around 730 and it was quite quiet for a Saturday night.  We were seated immediately and greeted by a very friendly server.  I have also been here for lunch several times and the sandwiches are all outstanding.  They have a lot of different options and you can never go wrong.  You can also build your own sandwich if nothing on the menu catches your eye.  They are quiet large as well and great quality. I ordered the ahi tuna with risotto dish for my main course and my dining companion ordered the pork dish.  Both were great, especially the tuna which was outstanding (but I may be biased because I absolutely love ahi tuna).  Both were really food sized and not expensive at all especially for the quality.  The menu is small but there were also two specials which also sounded great.  Definitely some creative options which I appreciate. The dining room is cozy and unlike most restaurants wasn't freezing which was nice since it was definitely a chilly night.   I definitely would recommend trying out this little gem in Troy and will most definitely be back!
Illium Cafe: I went there over the weekend and had a decent experience. The sandwiches were absolutely delicious. I had a veggie sandwich on focaccia, and my guest had the salmon BLT wrap. The ingredients were fresh and the flavor combinations were bangin! However, the coleslaw and potato salad sides had no love!! They were fresh and had all the ingredients to head for delicious salads, but they needed salt or something to bring out the flavor. Very bland, unfortunately. No love. I adore this place, so I hope they will pick it up with the service. Our waitress served our food when we didn't have any silverware to use. Also, the soup we ordered was forgotten as well. In general our waitress was very inattentive. I honestly felt bad and embarassed but we had to ask to get silverware. The management was very accomodating and attentive, brought the missing items immediately and apologetically. Too bad the manager had to make up for the forgetfulness of the waitress. Overall, I would go back simply because I like the vibes and good food, and I wanna support. BUT, the service definitely needs some repair work.
Wouldn't honor their entertainment book coupon for a to-go breakfast order which the coupon did not state. The guy at the counter said the owner told them not to. Can't review food I refused to accept but I hope whatever employees got to eat my food enjoyed it!
Wouldn't honor their entertainment book coupon for a to-go breakfast order which the coupon did not state. The guy at the counter said the owner told them not to. Can't review food I refused to accept but I hope whatever employees got to eat my food enjoyed it!
I need a little time to get my review straightened out fairly, thanks
We stopped in after the farmers market to pick up sandwiches before heading out to Grafton. The place was really busy. Since it was my first time there, it took me a while to figure things out and the staff was flying around. They were somewhat helpful but didn't have the time to stop and explain things. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked amazing. We ordered a mozzarella chicken melt and an Asian chicken wrap. It took a while because it was busy. By the time we ate both lunches were a little soggy but that's because we didn't eat for half an hour. The sandwiches were delicious, my only complaint was the serving size of the coleslaw and potato salad. They were pretty tiny. I will definitely go back but I think I'll eat there instead of getting lunch to go.
Delicious eggs benedict and parisian omelet! They don't have a good ventilation system and you leave smelling like grease.
This is a fun place to eat. They've done an excellent job repurposing what was originally a very high end jewelry store into a cool restaurant with better than average food. Additionally, there are always new and interesting twists/takes on the menu. Despite all the great things about this place,  there are two reasons keeping it from being 4 stars in my book: no liquor license  (just beer and wine) and the portions tend to be on the smaller side. While I think there food pricing is very competitive, there wine list seems over priced to me.   All in all it's a great place to eat.
Wow!!! Amazing!!! This was the best culinary surprise i have had in the capital district.  I was expecting to have good food, since Marla usually does a fantastic job at the local culinary showcases; but todays brunch went far above and beyond.  If it wasn't for the deserted streets outside, I would have thought I was eating at one of Manhattan's top spots.  The creativity of the menu, especially the daily specials, was such a welcomed treat. As for the pricing - I don't want to start an argument with the other reviews, but . . . come on! . .really?  you think its overpriced?  I guess everything is relative.  If you are comparing it to a local diner, then yes:  it is a couple dollars more.  But this is far from a diner and certainly not the fast food dollar menu.   Readers, I will let you be the judge.  My brunch today consisted of Pulled Pork & Caramelized Onion Eggs Benedict.  This was very professionally plated with garnish of arugula and fresh fruit.  Cost = $8.50.  Large (and I mean large) glass of high quality orange juice, $1.89. I really hope that Marla is successful with Illium Cafe.  This should be considered a culinary crown jewel within the Capital District. God bless you Marla and staff.  We look forward to seeing you many more times.
The family and I came here for brunch while visiting for a wedding.  The menu options were fairly standard fare, but somewhat limited for breakfast. I ordered the steak, egg, and cheese wrap - it was ok.  The steak was a bit tough and it was unremarkable.  The husband got eggs Benedict and they were ok, but once again, somewhat just average.  My step-daughter ordered a bagel with cream cheese (not toasted) and it came out toasted.  They fixed that quickly, but it was still a bit frustrating. The place was busy since there was a street fair going on, but the service was really kind of disappointing.  I ran out of water, my husband ran out of coffee, the food took a while.  Maybe they're more of a lunch/dinner place.
The Illium cafe is definitely one of the best restaurants in Troy. I have been there on a couple of occasions during street festivals. . The cafe is a tad cozy but comfortable and welcoming. They have some extraordinary specials and the value is great. The dishes a very creative with a good blend of different flavors. On my first visit during the Victorian Stroll, I tried the corned beef macaroni and cheese. That particular dish was unequivocally  the best mac and cheese I have had in Albany. On another visit I tried my first soft shell crab sandwich, which was pretty tasty. The only negative was the slow service. I hope to return for a weekend brunch in the near future.
I would give the food here 5 stars.  They recently opened up a second area, and are now serving wine, beer, and dinner some nights of the week.  The new section of the restaurant seems like an afterthought, and the decor does not match the original room.  It's on the verge of being tacky, although I can tell they tried.  If they redid the decoration, I would most like give this a 5 star review. The new dinner menu is awesome, and I really had a hard time choosing what to order.  I ended up with the tuna neopolitian as an appetizer, and rabbit stew as an entrée.  Both were wonderful (although probably not the best pairing). For breakfast, the regular menu is short and well-targeted, but the specials are where the chef shines.  This weekend I had a Salmon-topped, savory rosemary french toast, stuffed with scallops salad, and topped with fennel.  It was extremely creative, and so, so tasty!  My friend had lobster and crab eggs benedit, with a curry holandaise sauce that was amazing. For lunches, the sandwich choices are plentiful, and again, I have trouble choosing.  Everything I've tried has been great.  Really recommend the roast beef sandwich with horseradish.  The potato salad is also unique and very good. (I forget what the other option is, but get the potato salad!) All in all, this place is great for any meal, but I hope they redecorate the new section of the restaurant ASAP.
I've been here twice and both times I was very impressed with the food and not so much with the service. The first time I went to Illium was a Saturday for brunch and we didn't have any problem getting a table. For the majority of the meal our waiter was attentive, however it took rather long for the food to come out, especially considering the most complicated thing anyone in our group got  was an omelet. The food was great and much better than I had anticipated. What ruined it for me though, was waiting for the check. It took a half hour for the waiter to bring it and even then we had to ask for it.  A table near us came, ate and left while we were waiting for the bill. I decided to give it a second chance a week later and it was basically the same experience. I got the salmon asparagus omelet which was amazing, but the service was again ridiculously slow. I might try to-go next time because I really enjoyed the food, but I don't think I'll be going back for a sit down meal again.
Troy needs more places like this.  A nice spot for breakfast and lunch, they do dinner Thursday-Saturday.  The menu is inventive and the service is very good.  The food is usually quite good.   I don't always love the food- it's always good though- but they try different dishes and I really appreciate that.
We went two Illium Cafe two times the week I found it and I ordered the same thing twice - the Pear Salad. We also tried one of their specials - the Parmesean Truffle Frites. Both were excellent and me and my companion really enjoyed the experience. The location is great, right down by the river and the actual cafe is very quaint and cute. They also have a good coffee bar. I will be back again!
I had Ilium cafe once for a to go order a couple months ago - the Roast Beef sandwich with Brie on it and that was good, but since it was to go and was not fresh from the kitchen, I did not get the full effect and had been dying to get a real experience ever since cause I had heard such great things. Yesterday I went in right when they were changing over from breakfast to lunch. Immediately I was impressed that they were willing to still make breakfast for us even though we were now into their lunch service because one person in our group was originally leaning towards the breakfast menu. They had so many different unique sandwich options that I had a hard time deciding and finally settled on the Pork Belly and Prosciutto panini. The others in my group ordered the Waldorf Chicken Salad wrap and the Smokehouse Panini. Everyone's food looked fantastic, great presentation. My panini was amazing! The pork belly had a delicious salty taste the way pork belly should, and oh I forgot to mention the fried egg and hollandaise sauce took it over the top! You can get either potato salad or coleslaw when you get a sandwich. I opted for potato salad which has a dijon mustard bite to it, and it deliciously fresh. My server was very knowledgeable about the menu and was very attentive to us through our dining experience. I have big plans for going back and sampling more of these gourmet sandwiches or any of the unique specials they run on a daily basis.
Had a great hot roast beef sandwich with mushroom and maybe horseradish mayo - not sure, but the flavor was good. My wife had a vegetable sandwich that included asparagus, mushroom and more with a really smooth flavored vinaigrette.   Iced tea and a soda came to $30 with tax and tip.   Super friendly service.   We sat in the new expanded part of the restaurant, not as warm or fun as the main/original room. Not a fan of the coleslaw - had a mild orange taste but was very watery and bland.
Just had another delicious lunch at Illium Café. I almost chose the Waldorf chicken salad wrap because I enjoyed it so much on my last visit, but I stayed strong and tried something new. Luckily, I was not disappointed. The mozzarella chicken melt was amazing.  The grilled chicken was cooked perfectly, the mozzarella, arugula, and tomato slices were so fresh, and the combination of the basil pesto and balsamic reduction on grilled Italian Panini bread was wonderful! Our waiter was very friendly and professional, and we were served very quickly. This place will keep you coming back for more!
They have the best Salmon BLT i've ever had in my life. I had their red velvet cake..it was ok, but the sandwich is mind blasting! MUST HAVE!
Finding ourselves in Troy unexpectedly, my partner and I yelped a great lunch spot and decided to go with Illium- we are so glad we did! Super fun and eccentric bar/cafe feel decorated with mismatched chairs and tables, assorted framed and unframed paintings, and ample wine bottles. Random fireplaces and nooks and crannies dotted the cafe and restaurant. We took a table in the back, away from the busier cafe crowd and ordered two iced espresso drinks- a traditional mocha and a black and white which both came out quickly and tasted excellent!   Then, we ordered entrees- I got the steak wedge salad- a glorious, towering beauty of butter lettuce, topped with blue cheese, bacon, and creamy dressing acompanied by cherries, slivered almonds, two fried goat cheese balls and a generous portion of tender, perfectly prepared filet.  It was one of the most delicious, nuanced salads I have ever had.  My boyfriend went with a house specialty, the roast beef sandwich.  It was piled high with thinly sliced beef and a lovely, flavorful horsradish sauce (not too strong- perfectly blended). Never a man to be too flowery with his prose, he exclaimed, "this sandwich is bangin!" which I think is the highest praise he has even given a sandwich (I tasted it- wow!)  We really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and great food- and look forward to sampling more of the menu the next time we're in the area!
Excellent sandwiches, but the coffee is mediocre at best. The espresso is watered down and bland, and the latte foam is dry and poorly incorporated into the drinks. Good service, great location, though.
While most of the business in Troy seem to be closing down, or struggling, this Cafe seems to be doing quite well. Located right in the heart of downtown Troy this tasteful and delightful cafe serves upmarket Coffee, Salads and Sandwiches. It's very expensive (perhaps a little overpriced given the location) and service a little slow...but the food is excellent and a refreshing change. I had the Tuscan Chicken Sandwich and my wife had the Grilled Portabella and Arugula sandwich. The quality of both dishes was superb....fresh ingredients and lovingly prepared. I discovered this place a few days previously. I met a business associate here for a meeting and a Coffee. I'll make sure I pop back in again everytime I'm in Troy .... which is not often.
So for lunch we decieded to go to the Illium, never been there before. We got take out. The staff was super nice and helpful, even a little side chat not about food, very pleasant. Ok, now to the grub......freaking awesome! I got the surf and turf sandwich, and I didnt get my hopes up. It was great. The beef was tender and juicy, the bread was soft and had flavor, the shrimp were done perfect. They weren't gulf oil spill greasy (Is that too soon to make a joke?) Overall we were very pleased from the service to the food. I will definitely head down there again.
My sister and i tried Illium Cafe for the first time today and it was great. I thought the place was very cute. Our food was great and i got just a regular house coffee and that was also great. little over priced but im looking forward to going back for sure!
A friend and I stopped in after the Troy Victorian Stroll and it's a warm, cozy place with food that was more delicious than I anticipated. I ordered the Cajun Pork-belly & Crispy Prosciutto Open Faced Panini and it...absolutely blew my mind. It was so rich and decadent, complex layered flavors. I would absolutely recommend and come here again!
Although it's probably been at least two years since I've been to Illium, I used to enjoy eating here when I lived in Troy. As a vegetarian at the time, they had plenty of sandwiches and delicious sides. Although I do believe their prices were a bit pricey for a college student, they certainly weren't bad.
Fabulous food, fabulous atmosphere, fabulous time! Went here for the first time since the new ownership and what a great job they've done with the menu. Talk about soups, sammies, and salads with twists...and homemade breads to boot. Had the beef lentil curry soup and it was delish! Very hearty yet light and well balanced flavors and some thick toasted bread for dunking was very delightful.  After I had the turkey panini sammy on focaccia and it was delish especially with the cranberry orange mayo. For coffee had the peppermint coffee which was nicely balanced with that little hint of freshness you can't put your finger on. INside you can tell that it's an old historical building but they make it a quaint intimate cafe and it gives you that big city feel which is kind of cool Service---very nice people, but not good at waiting. With the exception of the one guy (wish I could remember his name) who was absolutely fabulous, the waitress and the hostess were nice but didn't know the menu very well and they were slow. Don't get me wrong, I liked the not being rushed atmosphere, but the waitress took forever for things and she forgot silverware--twice, and she never checked on us to see how we were doing and i had to ask to hostess to correct my incorrect side order. However, the food was so delish and the people friendly that I will definitely try it again soon.
This is my new favorite place for dinner in Troy. I have been there twice now and the specials are amazing, you can tell that the chef really knows flavors and how to combine them well while not overdoing it. The chef has also come out to greet the diners and ask how everything was both times I was there, I like that. I do have to say the first time I was a bit thrown off by the "front of the house", but I can see how it is hard for them as they use the front as their lunch area and by night it is essentially the kitchen.. but the 2nd time we were greeted and seated immediately, so they have already improved on that. Anyways, its great to see specials that consistently change and a regular menu that has a good amount of variety and creativity to it. They also post their specials and some deals on their facebook rather daily. I respect a few of the other fine dining establishments that are in close vicinity, and wont put them down by name here. But the Illium has been taking the cake recently, and are reminding me of what I used to like about those other restaurants a few years ago. Hopefully Illium can keep up the momentum.
Yelp is very cool.. I got a 10% discount on my breakfast at Illium Cafe. I found them through Yelp, while watching my sons hockey game at RPI.  Staff is super friendly and food was dynomite.  Waitress said I was the first to get a discount through Yelp.  I got the breakfast burrito and my wife got eggs benedict.  Both dishes were very good. Only complaint I had was the ventilation system.  The grill was right inside the eating area, so it was a little strong, but managable. Will definately go back to eat there.
Really good for breakfast, lunch or a nice dinner in the back section. The menu always has a lot of variety and the staff is really friendly.
One of the best lunches we've had in a while. The special chicken sandwich with avocado, peperjack, red peppers and arugula was awesome. Really great fresh bread and tasty potato salad. Rob had the surf and turf sandwich which was alright, the meat was a bit tough. Will be back next time we're in the area.
they now offer fine dining in the PM.  I wasn't aware of this.  No pulled pork sandwich for me.  I got seared tuna instead.
An eclectic cafe that offers organic and vegan selections. I had the open face meatloaf sandwich with a side of their signature slaw. An ample amount of meatloaf  covered in a brown gravy sauce topped with grilled mushrooms, thin fried onion rings and melted Parmesan cheese. All was very tasty and filling. The signature slaw is mayo based with a hint of viniger made with mandrian orange and sesame. The orange did not overpower the slaw but complimented it. I was hoping that this place would have had a custom soda fountain to make Italian cream soda and such as the atmosphere lends itself to that type of drink. My rating does not reflect the comfort level as the air condoning system could not keep up during a massive heat wave in the east coast.
Fav cafe in Troy!!! Love the selections of all their food, coffee choices & drink options. Wonderful staff who are all very friendly. Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. My only complaint is that I wish they we're open later, especially Friday, Saturday & Sunday- perhaps til 8?
Excellent food, free Internet, and friendly environment make this cafe a must stop when your in or around Troy.
Tried there food couple of times. Love the atmosphere, love the staff, love the food, LOVE THE COFFEE. Try very berry french toast. its breakfast , and i really liked it.
Been here twice excellent service and food both times
Update: This place is under new ownership (as of at least a year) and is sadly nothing near what it was.   The food is not very good anymore. The old owners used to have big tables to you can sit, read, play game, study or just enjoy a tea - but the new owners put in small tables, very uncomfortable, with balring music so you can barely hear yourself think. Although it was between meals and the place was no where near full, the waited let me know by repeatedly coming to me that it was not enough that I just ordered a tea. Well, that was the last time I went to that restaurant. I really miss the old place. --------------------------------------------------­----------- Old review for the previous ownership: I think this place is a jewel. And it has amazing tasting sandwiches/panninis, a quality that you usually don't find in this area. The space the cafe is in is also fabulous. Like I said, I consider it a real jewel. (True, the prices may be high, but everyone can chose if they want to spend the money.)
I've been here a couple of times visiting a friend at RPI. Good drip coffee, vintage decor is charming and reminiscent of the space's previous existence as jewelry store. The staff is friendly and the food tasty. Definitely worth checking out.
The food was very good, but overpriced .  The staffed seemed very confused with the table service. Although we loved the food,we would not go back again because of the price
I feel maybe I need to clarify a few things about my review. Lots of this was our opinion based on what we have come to grown to like in our cafes over the years of living in different areas of the country and going to lots of BF spots. Now while we do look for certain things I just want to be fair and clarify some stuff. Illium does not advertise that they have freshly squeezed OJ or Freshly Baked goods so maybe it was our fault for assuming this upon entering. The Omelet is purely by choice of how you like your Omelets, there are plenty of ways to make one and maybe you prefer yours the French way but as for us..we want the goods in the Egg. I will bring this up to a 2.5 stars for Ambiance and Service. I have heard they have good Waffles so who knows it's close to the house and maybe I will give it a try again.
