I've been to Tap and Mallet a few times, and I like the place, but somehow I've never managed to become a regular here. Perhaps it is because, although I love beer, I am more of a cocktail kind of guy, or perhaps because there are bars with great beer selections that are closer to my house, in case I have to stumble to it. The location is nice, it's the perfect place to go after a night around the South Wedge for a beer, or ten. The place is well appointed, and the inside is comfortable and well lit. The beer selection is great, I would give them 5 stars for that. Great place to go for a few brews. I have an issue with their food though, I feel it's not quite up to par with their prices and approach. It's not necessarily bad, but it's not great. Their wings were just OK, their poutine feels too heavy. Two things were quite good, their spinach dip was delicious, and their calamari was very different, yet well executed. In all, I would give them three stars for their food. I feel that they are a bit overpriced. I can get really good beers in other bars for a bit less than Tap an Mallet. If you consider that, and their food, I end up going somewhere else when I am in the mood for brews and wings. Not that I would be opposed to go there if my friends want to go.
Second time at T&M. This place is quickly becoming my fav in Rochester. Awesome service, fun menu, obvs amazing beer choices. Atmosphere is laid back. Big wrap-around bar with high tops in one room, booths & tables in the other. Interesting decor. I hear there is a righteous patio. Last time I was there, I had tofu tacos. I remember them being loaded with toppings & delicious, but I was so overly concerned with the draft list that I failed to remember any important details. Had the deep fried pickles on both visits. Yes, they are that good, or maybe I'm just a little obsessed with them...either way, you should try them. All of the apps sound amazing. Their deviled eggs are on my to-do list. Shrimp Po Boy was perfect for a Sunday late lunch. Plenty of shrimp with a light & flavorful batter, super crusty roll, lettuce, tomato & a nice remoulade ta boot. Got pickled veg as my side this time. Admittedly, this was an odd choice, albeit excellent tasting accompaniment. Cauliflower was the standout - it really soaked up the brine nicely. The radish added the perfect crunch.   My date kind of inhaled the Cuban Sandwich, so I'm assuming it was awesome. I stole some fries - seasoned, skin on, perfect. Drafts we tried: Captain Lawrence Feshchester Pale Ale Beak & Skiff 1911 Hard Cider Things to note: Check out the art. Local artists. Eclectic. For sale. I can't stop thinking about this one piece in the bar area with the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. Maybe I need to get back there and snag it. Now that I read the other T&M reviews, I'm dying for the poutine. Why does Roch have such awesome poutine options??? Will update when I try it.
We had the poutine which was really good and then my wife had the turkey focaccia and thought it was good. I had the muffaletta. It was good as well but I would come back just for the beers and poutine. We say outside in the front because there was a weird odor in the back outdoor seating but I think it was coming from one of the houses next door.
Meh. Nonexistent service (at the bar) last night. Does this dude normally work in the kitchen?  He was polite but not professional at all and we were left to our own devices. He didn't even ask if the food was ok. The beer, for what it is, is overpriced and the glass wear, inappropriate. This place just coasts along while newer more caring owners rise heads and shoulders over this fading pub. This once fun, energetic, inspiring place has fallen into darkness. Sad. I will take my money to East Ave, a new amazing sushi restaurant and that new warehouse with Southern hospitality next time.
Poutine was delicious. They even have meat or veg options. I'm not a huge beer drinker, but the selection is massive. I was there right after work on a Tuesday before any rush, so that was nice, but I'd also love to experience it when it's at it's prime.
I always come here with the intention of only having a drink, but then I see and/or smell the food and I just have to order something. The beer list is pretty extensive and it's constantly being updated with new choices. The menu isn't huge, but it offers some nice options beyond your typical bar fare. Similar to the beer selections, the menu seems to change on a regular basis. The first time I came here was during the summer and they had an amazing seared scallops taco on the menu.  They weren't available the last time I went, but I kept seeing people order the fish fry so I gave it a shot. Not the least bit disappointing! For me, the star of the menu is the poutine with beef gravy. It's simply perfect.
The Tap and Mallet is probably my favorite pub/bar in Rochester for sure.  The staff are super friendly, there's lots of seating, and their food options are actually edible!!  They have a TON of beers on tap and in bottles constantly changing them in the season and know ALL about them with tons of recommendations for any kind of drinker, and have great snacks to choose from - both the veggie and beef-stock based poutines are awesome and great to share with friends.  When actually sitting down for a meal, I'm also a big fan of the bangers and mash, the curry, and the Guinness chocolate cake - mega yum! You can call them to do private events or even just go with a bunch of friends and they're always happy to serve.  One thing to be concerned with sometimes though is that since it's such a well-known favorite place of many, it's usually very crowded.  If you're looking to sit down and eat, expect a bit of a wait. If you just want to hang out and have a beer with friends while scarfing down some fries, you'll be right at home.
We are so lucky to have this place in Rochester. Incredible beer selection constantly changing, always updated online and in the menus. Amazing beer events. Kind bartenders. For the food, you have to know what to get, generally good to stick with the fish fry or fries, but this place is all about the beer.
Great food and a wide selection if beers on tap. Friendly service, a nice cozy neighborhood establishment. Burger and appetizers were excellent. I can't wait to come back.
I'd tap that again and again. The beer selection is the bee's knees :) One of my friends was disappointed about the lack of liquor, but who cares when you have all of these great beer choices. I had the Green Chili Deviled Eggs, and they were pretty good. You get about 5 or 6 egg halves, and they were generous about their pickled filling. I was thinking they'd be a leeetttle spicer, but, still good. The poutine is very yummy, and very shareable. My chums put in 2 orders and the portion was just too much! Next time we know to just order one as an appetizer for the table. Also, a lot of entrées come with frites, so don't overlook the potential fry overload my friends. The pastrami on rye is a lovely sammie to have with a brew. I tried a bite of my friend's steak that they had on special, and it was alright. I prefer their normal menu to the specials here. Tap and Table is a delight as well, I think I like the upscale sister gastropub a tad better.
I always feel like the bartender is ignoring me. Apparently if you aren't a personal friend, you're a second class citizen. Their servers are decent, though. They have great appetizers and a huge beer selection. The atmosphere is too hipster for my taste.
The outdoor seating earned the 3 stars. I ordered the spinach - artichoke dips. The chips tasted staled. It lacked the crispy crunch feel to it when you chomped down on it. Thee dip lack flavor. May visit again since they have an humongous beer list.
Excellent. It's a neighborhood bar but good enough to be a destination. Deep beer list, well organized. Ambitious menu with fantastic fried pickles, good seafood, and some nice house-made pastrami. I appreciated the little touches, like smoked cherry tomatoes in the Caesar salad. Thought the Cuban sandwich was very average, but if that's the low point, the kitchen's doing got something to be proud of.
Great place for true beer lovers. They don't have any hard liquor just beer and wine so if that is your thing then I'd recommend going and having some good brews.
Definitely the best place for craft beer in Rochester...that's why I come here.  I even downloaded their Android App to check on what was new--the selection is ever-changing.  I won't rate the food as just about anything tastes good after a good brew.
Go here for the beer.  If you are also interested in basic bar food, sandwiches, and socializing this place is good for that too.   DO NOT waste your time and money on the dinner entrees.  They are just not good.... not seasoned or executed well by the kitchen staff.  I was so disappointed there was no flavor to anything that I will not be returning to eat.
As fellow Yelper Jesse H. mentioned, this is definitely a Rochester bar where you feel like you are at home. I've been lucky enough to find myself here a few times after other various drinking and eating adventures, and it is the perfect place to go for a nightcap drink, or just to enjoy a low key night of drinking and conversing with some close friends. The bartenders are knowledgeable about what is on tap, and can suggest a beer based on things you like, or might not know you like. I'm always looking to try new beers if given the opportunity, and Tap and Mallet always seems to have some local and not so local beers to try. Definitely stop in here for an experience you won't soon forget.
Just went for an early dinner.  Only three people at bar.  We waited 10 minutes at our table and then I waited two minutes at the bar only to be ignored especially by waitress who was sipping a soda and chatting with a friend. So we left.  Very disappointing as we normally enjoy eating here. On 8/24 manager contacted me to apologize.  Rating changed to account for that.
I am really conflicted about this place.  The locale, ambiance, and beer menu are fantastic...but the food was just terrible.  Maybe I went at the wrong time, but I cannot relate to the dozens of other posts commenting on how terrific the food is/was.   However, there were some redeeming qualities to the place.  Everyone thinks they are a damn beer expert these days, but I look at menus like these, contemplatively place my chin in my hand, and say, "yes, I understand a few of these words."  Luckily, the service was terrific, and I was given some great advice on their extensive beer selection.  We were sat right away and I enjoyed looking at the funky art while I sipped my smoky beer. That's about where the good stuff ended.  Beef stroganoff is one of my favorite foods.  After perusing the menu, I saw this as a special and I was pumped!   The beef stroganoff was awful.  The noodles were not homemade, and I'm pretty sure the chef used day old egg noodles.  The sauce was decent, but not creamy or spiced enough, and the beef was a really tough cut that was not cooked correctly.  If this dish was $8, I could understand, but to pay upwards of $15 for the small portion I received was ridiculous (first world problems).  The tomato soup and grilled cheese combo was just OK.  For a place that constantly gets rave reviews on their food to charge over $10 for bland tomato soup and a cold grilled cheese is, again, ridiculous.  I stopped at Magnolias on the way home to get some real tomato soup.   I will certainly be back again to traverse their beer menu and sample some more dishes, but I don't agree with the hype just yet.
Beer selection is great , tried the poutine per a lot of reviews I read on yelp and frankly it wasn't as good as I thought it would be .Its kind of a relaxed atmosphere like very beer place ought to be and wasn't packed for a Friday night , a big plus if you are not looking for crowds .
I like to think I'm more reserved about giving five-star ratings than my history indicates, but every now and then we come across places like Tap and Mallet that kind of make it easy decisions. A friend of mine and I are sitting at a Red Wings game, while we're on a minor league baseball road trip through the region.  Somewhere along the line the topic of poutine comes up, and how he's never had it anymore.  Next thing you know, we're on our way to Tap and Mallet, because their menu claims to have poutine, and it's never not a good time for a night cap. We got lucky parking at the neighboring bank's parking lot which was claiming to be private property, but full of parked cars regardless.  I have to imagine the parking situation is kind of tedious otherwise, as Tap and Mallet's location is that of one that seriously goes for the whole "neighborhood bar" kind of atmosphere, since it's pretty much tucked right at the edge of a residential area. I can't speak for everyone else, but I like bars with ID checks at the door.  It makes me believe the place has somewhat of a conscious about quality control, or at least taking the guesswork out of the equation for everyone inside that everyone should be of drinking age. The interior is warm and kind of intimately lit.  The tables are spread out for optimal comfort for people, and the booths are large and inviting for above-average numbered groups.  It was a Saturday night, and it wasn't packed, but it was well populated, but nevertheless seating wasn't an issue.  It didn't take long for someone to notice us and give us beer and food menus. What I appreciated about Tap and Mallet is that the employees there all seemed to be very educated and fans of beer themselves, and not just people who just needed a job.  The guy waiting on us took the time to explain to us the differences between beers from a cask and keg, about how the English don't drink their beer ice cold like us 'Muricans, and gave solid recommendations.  I was steered away from super-bitter super-hopsy beer in spite of my desire to try new things, and led to something more pleasing to my pallet. As for the poutine itself, it was good.  I've had poutine in various places in Canada in my own travels, and they come in a lot of varieties, often on the fries side, so it's really hard to say what is truly standard.  Tap and Mallet goes for the fresh cut look, and I'll admit that they use a little too much gravy for my taste, but on if it were on the flip side, it would be problematic.  Bonus points for the massive, massive cheese curds they used, as opposed to the sprinkling of tiny chunks I've had from other places.  The flavors as a whole were excellent. Overall, Tap and Mallet is an excellent establishment, and I'm often envious of finding places like this, because they don't really exist down where I live.  It's a comfortable place where there are fresh varieties of beers, and a good of late-night snack types of foods.  It's a perfect place to wind down an evening or take a date I would imagine, and if my travels have me pass through Rochester again, I'm coming back.
BRRRR!!! The waitress almost immediately apologized for the temperature, explaining that it was the coldest area in the restaurant. I asked her to turn the air down, but was told that the manager wouldn't adjust the a/c because it would take an hour to kick in. No one bothered to stop by our table of 4 where one person was shivering in a pullover jacket and another was freezing in fleece. I was so relieved to finally walk outside to warm up--and it was 64 degrees outside! We saw other patrons who appeared to be cold including one who was sitting on his hands. Anyway, the service was good. Bring a jacket.
We came here for an after-dinner drink because of the large amount of good beers on tap.  It was very crowded, especially being a Wednesday night, but we found the last two seats at the bar.  The draft selection was, indeed, a craft-beer lover's joy.  There's just enough to keep you interested but not too many to cause indecisiveness.  The bartender served us quickly and chatted with us about various microbreweries and beer fests when the crowd dwindled.  Not that I've been to a ton of bars in Rochester, as I only visit occasionally, but so far, this is my favorite one!
It had an awesome atmosphere. Very dimly lit setting. An awesome beer selection that is constantly rotating, as the bartender explained to me. At the time I went, they only had a majority of Sierra Nevada beers on tap. They have a decent selection of choices on the menu. I chose the burger with cheese and bacon. The burger had that charred taste, not really my favorite but it was bearable to eat. My girlfriend chose the chicken wings with medium sauce, which were decent in flavor. While we were there, a group of sloppy individuals, who were obviously drunk, were being a bit ridiculous falling asleep in the corner, being obnoxious, etc. and the bartender told them they had to leave. I was pleased with that considering I went there expecting something better than the typical bar scene. I would highly recommend this spot to others.
Good to feel the sun and enjoy some great beers. Awesome beer selection, but per usual the service at the tables is incredibly slow. I'm not sure if they are always understaffed but someone else commented on the same thing. Very nice place but the lack of "how are you doing over here" gets a bit stale.
For as much time and money that I have spent here, it seems sort of weird to be giving this place only 3 stars. A few years ago I probably would have given Tap and Mallet 5 stars, but some star-criteria for me have changed. First of all, the beer list is great, no one can debate that, but it ain't cheap. What no happy hour? No rotating specials? There are more and more places in the area offering great varieties of beer with at least some kind of special or happy hour deal. (So I guess the thing that changed for me is that I became a little bit more stingy.) The other part of my rating is the food. I WANT to give them 5 stars on this because it is pretty is pretty cool menu. Things I have been happy with: the CLT (smoked coconut "bacon" sandwich), the buffalo tofu bites, and the poutine. Most other items have been a little lack luster.  Also it's a big bummer when your would-be-delicious fries come out and the cook obviously gave you the reject-fries from the bottom of the fry basket. Thannnkkks. Prices aren't horribly outrageous, but I always am a little hesitant about paying $10 for a "just ok" sandwich. Especially on top of a $6 beer. (Looks like it is a one-beer night. Better nurse that thing.) The bar atmosphere is nice, but I guess that is another thing that has changed for me. I just don't care as much about it as I used to. All that being said, it is a pretty decent place to just meet up with someone for a drink. The patio in the summer is really nice. I wouldn't turn down meeting someone here, but it wouldn't be my first choice. I have been to a couple events here, they seem to work out well and the spread of food is always decent.
Tap and Mallet is a wonderful change of pace from the typical bar scene.  The focus is very much on the conversation (which is what you really wanted, anyway); not too many people looking to get wasted here.  It's a very laid-back atmosphere and quite a popular after-wedding destination.  With its extensive deck, it's my favorite summer bar that's not on the water.  The only downside is that there isn't much at the lower end of the price range, but I'm ok with it to preserve the amazing atmosphere. Food:  The food is good-not-great; it's a solid choice for after 10 when many restaurants are closing.  The openface meatloaf benedict sandwich is *highly* recommended; the hummus and pita bread are good enough and quite plentiful (though, for $8.50, I'd expect no less). Beer:  The beer list is extensive -- there are so many pages they keep the menus on clipboards -- and it's constantly changing.  If you're not sure to get, name a few things you like and ask for suggestions; these folks live and breathe beer and they're sure to set you on the right track.  If your beer is served in a small glass, don't be surprised or upset -- it's not an attempt to cheat you of some extra sips; it's an indicator of an extra-potent brew. Wine:  Tap skips the cheapest stuff and goes straight to mid-range, usually carrying about a dozen choices by-the-glass.  (But don't ask the beer-savvy waitstaff about the wine -- I've found I'm better off consulting my smartphone.)  This is one of the few places I can get a glass of dry rose.
One of my favorite spots to go grab a few beers and wind down from the day. The Tap & Mallet has a great atmosphere and an unbeatable beer list! I had the Hofstetten Granitbock from Austria, which is now my favorite Bock...ever! According to the very knowledgeable bar staff, hot granite is thrown into the vat, which in turn brulees the sugars. Yes it does!! The burnt sugar and the malty, bocky sweetness were heavenly! Last night I drank import, but I'm always excited and very pleased by the varied local offerings the T & M always has.
In my opinion this is among the best pubs in Rochester. They have 30 beers on tap and usually one cask ale. Their selection and variety of beers is pretty good too. There is something for everyone (unless you want something like Labatt, Miller, or Budweiser, you won't find those here) When you walk in the front door, there is a long bar to the left and a dining area to the right. I usually like to sit up at the bar because I go here for the beer and less for the food. Not to say that their food isn't good, because it is. The food just doesn't wow me like the beer selection does. In all fairness, I have only had 3 dishes; the poutine, the BLT, and the burger. All three dishes I thoroughly enjoyed but was not amazed. The price is just a little bit high too but nothing that would prevent me from going again and again and again!! I also like going when it is not as busy because it is fun to sit up at the bar and chat with the bartender. The bartenders are great and really want to make sure that they serve you a beer you will enjoy. Not sure about how a beer will taste? Ask for a sample! They are usually pretty good about that. Tap and Mallet also hosts some incredible events. Most recently I have been to the Founders and Goose Island tap takeover and the Brooklyn tap takeover. This is where they occupy all of their taps with beers from these breweries. You get to have some really great beers and meet great people too! Tap and Mallet has also been so generous as to allow us to have some private beer tastings in the back dining area in the past.
I've been here a ton since my original review and I have to raise the rating a bit. Have I been to better bars? Yes. I was spoiled by living right down the street from Deep Ellum in Boston. However, Tap and Mallet does what it does well. I love their always revolving beer selection. That weird cuban sandwich I ordered a year ago, has been modified to not have a creepy pork patty. The reuben is delicious. The service is mostly okay. They've got great tastings monthly! I'm into what Tap and Mallet has to offer.
I frequent Tap and Mallet fairly often, and usually am pleased with what I've experienced there, but this past weekend was so atrocious, I don't know how often I'll be going back. A nice thing about Tap and Mallet is that they'll let you sit at a table and order only beers - you don't have to commit to food!  This was nice for us this weekend, as there was a few of us, no seats by the bar, and we just wanted to chill out and chat.  However, the waitress we had was absolutely atrocious.  After someone spilled their beer and broke a glass, it took a lot of proding on our part for anyone to come over and help us.  When our waitress finally did show up about 10 minutes later, after someone in our party had told her we needed a rag and a broom, she was shirty and rude.  Accidents happen, and we know you're busy, but she was completely unattentive and unhelpful.  We finished the remaining beers and hightailed it out of there. Tap and Mallet has a fairly good selection of beers, and it's nice to get seasonal rotation, but with service like that, it really ruins all the other positive experiences I've had there.
Tap and Mallet is one of my favorite veggie friendly places in the city.  Through numerous conversations with the chefs, I learned that they strongly value vegetarians as a large part of their clientele,  so I am always confident that my food has been prepared with cross contamination in mind. The poutine, which is made with a vegetarian ale gravy, is deliciously salty and you can get both half and full sizes in case you're looking to share or have some sort of attempt at portion control.  The CLT sandwich (smoked coconut, lettuce, and tomato) is absolutely genius and it makes for a great take-out dinner if you're on the run.   I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't personally speak to the selection, but my friends and I go to Tap very regularly and everyone is always pleased with their ability to taste new things as well as the recommendations that the bartenders provide.
I've visited Tap and Mallet numerous times during my many Rochester visits. And I was recently craving Tap and Mallet while at a Groove Juice Swing dance. Maybe the Victoire bartender planted a seed when he mentioned several times that if you want beer in Rochester, go to the Tap and Mallet. I wasn't impressed with the food on my first visit, but I come here for the beer. They have a huge rotating selection and are perfectly willing to pour you small tasters, so you can discover the right beer for you. Sometimes the beers do rotate faster than the printed menu, but together you can find something you'll like. I even got some stellar food, the buffalo style tofu bites. Those went nicely with my Hop Rod Rye. It is the place to go for beer.
The place to go for a pint in Rochester. Tap and Mallet has quite the beer selection with 30 beers on tap to choose from. They rotate the selection regularly, which means you should visit regularly. They feature many local brews and often have great seasonal options. Cheers! Oh, and while you're sipping on a tasty brew, order the poutine. It will blow your mind. SO GOOD!
They might actually have too much beer on tap (obviously I'm joking because that's not possible). Service is great, nice bar area, and again... tons of beer on draft. My only knock was that for having dozens of local craft beer, during my visit I believe there were only two actual seasonal offerings.
Cannot believe I haven't written a review or the Tap & Mallet yet.   I've been a regular at the Tap since opening night, and I'm happy to see how they have evolved from those first few months.  The tap list has always been by far the best in Rochester.   I've been to a few well known beer bars in NYC, and I'll put the Mullet up against any of them (its also called the Mullet on occasion).    You can always find a few offerings from some of my favorite breweries like Stone, DigFish or Lagunitas and they do a great job of promoting local microbrews as well. The menu started off as more fine dining but has since toned down to gastropub fare.  The food is always well executed and there is something on the menu for everyone.  The fish and chips are pretty solid, and each of the sandwiches I've tried have been very satisfying. I wasn't sure if Rochesterians would support a place like the Tap when it opened but happily it looks like Kentucky Waterfalls is here to stay (the cool kids call it Kentucky Waterfalls, or Kentucky if you're into the whole brevity thing).  They even have an app for Droid to follow their changing beer list.
I can't say anything bad about this place. Friendly employees, very good food, great selection of beer, and I always see cute broads in there, usually in groups.
Yesterday was a yucky day to even leave the couch.  Rained rabbits all. day. long.  Did venture out to the Tap and Mallet last evening. Good opportunity to get this one off of my bucket list. I don't know what I was expecting, but T and M was not what I thought it would be. That's neither good or bad; just factual. The restaurant sits in an area that is somewhat residential, just off of Clinton. The building has a nice profile, directly on a corner and perched a few feet above street level. If you enter the restaurant from what is obviously the front, take note that the hostess will be at the rear.  There are two entrances. Newbies like me did not know that. So enter, wave a hand, have seat at the bar or simply find the host at the right rear. Makes all the sense in the world. Speaking of expectations, the crowd was diverse in every sense of the word.  When we arrived, customers of all persuasions were enjoying themselves. Music was playing. But it's good music and its not loud. Customers were young, middle age and generally representative of the melting pot that makes up Rochester. Since we did not know where the host/hostess was, we seated ourselves. (Always take control of your destiny at a restaurant). We took a nice big booth in the second room. You won't go wrong on the seating. All are spacious and separated to give you a level of privacy, if desired. Although we found our own seat, we were promptly greeted by our server and the host. Our server, Melyssa did a great job. She knew the menu, the beers and wines. She was also helpful in discussing the house specialties. The menu is simple. It's also more extensive than you are likely to find at the typical bar. These guys are catering to both the drinkers and the eaters. I like the offerings. As a test case, and in line with my habitual ways, we ordered the wings (hot) as an appetizer. The server advised us to order them crispy/well done. She was on target and the wings were likely the best I have had in town. Yum,. For entrees, we chose the Seared Ahi Tuna and the Scallop Tacos. The Tuna was one of the daily features. It was was cooked just as specified; medium rare. My lady had the Scallop Taco's and they looked great. I took a few bites and they were tasty. Melyssa, the server was attentive and fun. I had the sense that the Tap and Mallet places a priority on the customer experience. The staff was professional, the service was prompt and the food was good. I got back home in time to shower and put my pj's on before flipping between 48 Hours and the football game. This is what I'm talkin bout,.. Two thumbs up for the Tap and Mallet. It's now on my extensive list of 2-3 fav restaurants.
This is the only bar in Rochester where I feel at home. I'm there at least once a week and really enjoy the atmosphere, constantly rotating beer selection, and the staff. Paul, one of the bartenders, is always ready to help me figure out which beer to try. I've discovered many favorite brews this way. I usually skip the food since I find it to be unreliable. If I'm really hungry, I'll go with the fries or poutine, but depending on the day the fries can be overcooked, and the gravy for the poutine leaves me unsatisfied. I'll keep going because of the beer, location, and people.
The misses and I stopped in on a road trip and the place wasn't bad. I didn't particularity like the atmosphere, it was a little too yuppieish for me. It reminded me of the kind of bars professionals frequent in DC after work. Lots of khakis and smugness. Positives: -about 20% of the people in this place were shitfaced on wine and beer by 10 o' clock. -the patrons range from young professionals to weird old hippie dudes in leather top hats to woo girls (there is entertainment to be found). -if your girlfriend is hot the waiters will pay more attention to you. -they have locally brewed beer. Negatives- -no liquor at all......none....just beer and wine. -gets loud as its a popular destination. -the food was good but not good enough to make me want to tolerate the atmosphere. Street parking is easy.
This is a great place to grab some drinks, a bite to eat and socialize....the food is above average for a "brew pub" but the beer selection more than makes up for it. My husband is a huge fan of craft brews and always has a difficult time making decisions. They always have beer specials which makes the choice easier.
While visiting Rochester and out for a night on the town my friends took me here, knowing how big of a beer connoisseur I am. It was busy as it was a Friday night and I drank my beer out of wine glass (yeah, I know it was a beer glass, but it certainly didn't look like one!) as they were running low on glasses.  They have a huge beer selection and it took me a while to choose. As this was back in February, I can't really remember the ones that I had although I remember one being an oatmeal stout. The bartender let me sample a few before choosing one, which is always a good thing. Anyway, this is definitely my type of place. Love the atmosphere and the people and especially the beer list. Can't wait to go back. Oh.... there was one negative aspect. The parking really sucks around there and we had to park a few blocks away which sucked in the wintertime while wearing heels.
Really enjoyed the beer selected by the barkeep very knowledgeable. I get the impression there is a lot to choose from which will require additional trips to discover. Great atmosphere for a neighborhood bar ....parking is challenging but doable, bar food wings and nachos very good. Really was eyeing the pot roast or big brown sandwiches but left for a taco instead. Will be back.
A staple for my girlfriends and I. We end up here about once a month for drinks. It's just a comfortable environment for a group of people to get together.
I'm not really a "Beer Guy" but I certainly am a "Food Guy" and so every discussion about where to get dinner seems to inevitably point towards the Tap. There are no fewer than twenty-seven thousand various craft chuggies on tap to confuse and frighten you, but when you do come to terms with your manhood and ask the waitress to pick one for you it is guaranteed to be good (and strong). The confluence of excellent food and intimidating beers is the perfect combination of things to get a bunch of people to hang out all night and have a great time.
Tap & Mallet is a solid -- and welcome -- addition to the South Wedge. The beer selection is outstanding. The menu is gussied up pub fare, but successfully pulled off. Good food, no pretense, and no sticker shock. If anything, the food is a good deal. My Sausage and Mash was fantastic, and almost reminded me of my mother's. ( Well, what my mother's would taste like if she were English.) The sausages were veal and pork, and so quite tasty. But the ale sauce over the mash sealed the deal. I left a happy camper, indeed. Blue Point "Hoptical Illusion" on cask: very good. (Of course, because the beer menu is always on rotation, your mileage may vary.) Bottom Line: The Tap & Mallet is a solid addition to one of the areas best kept neighborhood secrets. (The South Wedge can stand up to most college towns in its own right; yet it's only one of many choices in the ROC metro area. It would be a great place to enjoy drinks with friends, or for dinner. It is not first-date material, but still part of a decent night out.
This place has a great selection of beers (both draft and bottled) and an eclectic menu of good food. The atmosphere was very relaxed and chill, which I liked a lot. It's a great place to sit, drink good bear, eat delicious food and have heartfelt conversations. At least, that's what I did when I was here. I ordered the Calamari appetizer and what I got was definitely unexpected. I was expecting fried squid, but instead I received Tap & Mallet's own take on the classic dish. It was different, but it was still good. It wasn't fried, but rather cooked in a buttery, lemony sauce. There was also bread on the side to dip and soak up that yummy sauce. It wasn't what I expected, but it was good. My friend ordered the chicken pot pie, and while I didn't try any, it looked GOOD. The crust was flaky and the insides looked creamy and delicious. My friend originally brought me here because he wanted me to try one of their appetizers, this Asian style beef roll, but they didn't have it anymore because it was a part of their summer menu. It was disappointing indeed, but the food we ordered was good. I want to come back here because I want to try the rest of their menu and drink more beer. Sounds like a plan.
I do not really eat here because had two lack luster meals a few years back.  We go for the drinks. The bartenders are like beer scholars, they really know their sh*t.  Great selection in a beautiful  gastro pub atmosphere.  Nice patio in the good weather.
Bartender was more interesting is chatting with his pals than to cash out  customer.  Guess cash flow ain't a problem here.  Beer was good, service not so much.
There is no reason to comment much on the food, if you're going here, you're going for the beer.  Not to say the food is bad - it's fine - but the reason it's there is to give you the ability to drink more beer.  T&M has an outstanding rotation of beers on tap, many more in bottles, and knowledgeable bartenders who can help you pick a beer that matches your tastes, then stylishly pour it into an appropriate glass.  It's a great experience to sit up at the bar with friends, taste a few taps, then enjoy a pint of your favorite.   Repeat. OK...one more.... I spent this past summer in Rochester, and coming to T&M after work on Fridays was a real highlight.  This place is a gem, a true beer bar for people who enjoy great beer.  I already miss you!
Tap & Mallet is the reason I like beer. My first time there a few years ago, I was allowed to do a little taste testing, and discovered, to my great astonishment, that not everything sucks like a mass-market brew.  They very friendly and helpful staff are always great at helping you pick a beverage that will suit your taste buds. The huge selection is always what is commented on, and it is quite an important element of the place.  Not only is it not a dive where people are looking to pound a few before sloshing out of there at closing time, it's a place where people can have a conversation, meet friends and nurse whatever they've ordered.  The selection ensures a crowd of, if not beer snobs (like me) then aficionados.  The prices are also part of the appeal.  I'm not someone who is likely to spend $22 on some rare 1-cask a year Belgian monastery beer, but I will spend between $4.50-$6.00 on a solid Barleywine or Triplebock.  At T&M you can have both, and almost anything in between. I haven't ordered food there,  but friends have, and when they let me nibble off their plates, what I get to try is pretty good.  I'm not going to go out on a limb and tout the food, because I haven't had enough of it. If someone in your group will never convert to beer, no matter how many choices they get, there are some wines, as well as a nice selection of ciders and perry.  Your designated driver can get a couple soft drinks and near-beers. If you haven't been.  Go.  If you have, why are you reading this?  You already know.
The Cuban sandwich was delish and the bartenders were knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly without being overbearing.
I've traveled all over the world and find this place to have an excellent selection of beer.  They have been known to drive hundreds of miles to pick up a single Keg of Beer.  Great friendly staff.   This is one of my favorite places to stop for a pint!
Just left the Tap and had Brooklyn's Manhattan Project.  Absolutely fabulous. Get there before it's gone.  I'm going back tomorrow for more.  Thanks to Joe for giving me a healthy sampling! Said it before...Love. Me. Some. Tap.
Ordered buffalo tofu bites, a CLT (made with coconut "bacon"), and a saison off of the tap. Everything was surprisingly good. I had my reservations on both the appetizer and entree, but they were both quite delicious, as was the beer. This is a place that carnivores, vegetarians, and vegans alike can enjoy.
Huge selection and bartenders aren't pretentious and will help you find what you like
My boyfriend and I decided to take a day trip to Rochester one afternoon.  Without knowing of anywhere to go, we ended up around the area of Tap and Mallet.  We were absolute starved and in a nearby chocolate shop, to which we asked the nice chocolatier of any good places to eat.  He suggested Tap and Mallet, and boy was he right on! We had excellent service, great food and beer, and an overall very pleasant experience.  Too bad we live so far from Rochester... we'd definitely be back!
Excellent, creative vegetarian bar food. Had the tofu wing bites, pumpkin cakes (special) and my mom had wings. We were all very happy. Great service. Beer was recommended by our server and my mom loved it (and she rarely likes beer).  Excellent overall!
Excellent selection of beers and really good food. The BLT is hands down one of the best in Rochester. Atmosphere is very comfortable, a good mix of people - wookies, hipsters, artists, collars or both color, you get the idea... this is beer almost at it's best. The music isn't my flavor, but anything is better than pop. On a side note, the coffee is excellent as well for those of us who have to be the DD from time to time.
My favorite local pub! Food is delicious and the drafts are constantly updated. I always get a chance to try out new beers when I'm here. The vegetarian poutine is a favorite menu item for me, even though I am a die hard carnivore. The gravy is thick, rich and tasty. It's a great place to go on a friday night to unwind and have good food, good drinks, and good conversation. They also have an app that connects their draft list to their POS so you can see if your favorite is on draft, or pre plan to try something new. Neat! Plenty of outside seating on their back deck too!
Tonights dinner at Tap and Mallet was all about the CLT. I'm a raging carnivore and was skeptical about a smoked coconut sandwich. Have you ever heard of such a thing? I know I don't like almond joy candies. But my friend swore by it. She is a vegetarian but swore it tasted like bacon. So this sandwich is like a BLT with hummus, but instead of the B its a C. It tasted so smoky and crispy, and delicious even better than bacon. I'm surprised that I have never seen this replicated elsewhere. Had some falafel sandwich too which was excellent. Service was shttiy. And the front area was a little loud and obnoxious so had to deduct a star.
I went her on my vacation.  The place was great.  We were looking for a some lighter fare after having a rather decadent breakfast at our B&B and a heavy lunch.  This place fit the bill quite well, though it is certainly possible to go with something more indulgent.   I had the grilled chicken caesar and we shared edamame as an appetizer.   The edamame was delicious, accented with nice large salt crystals.  It was steamed to perfection and quite tasty.  The grilled chicken caesar was wonderful as well.   As the name would suggest, this place has an extremely diverse beer selection.   In the spirit of the season, I went with a delicious pumpkin aie.   I would definitely recommend Tap and Mallet to anyone looking for a great meal in a place with a great atmosphere.
Cheers: Impeccable selection of brews on tap and bottle service with NY and New England/ Mid Atlantic regions well represented. Extremely attentive server, very professional. Made some excellent beer recommendations to my friend who is in love with Blue Moon (he is a raving lunatic, so you have to excuse him). Wonderful black bean burger, served perfectly, which is anything more than a pile of black mush on a bun. Huge fish fry done right, light and flaky. Great place for conversation and discussion of the sub prime housing market. Subdued lighting to hide the fact that you look like you have been on a ten day bender. All in all, outstanding. Classy addition to the neighborhood. There is a city park just down the street to crash just in case the need arises (I have actually camped there). Jeers: Would love to see classic pints used instead of the typical barware pint glass. Soda is served in what I believe would be called a thimble in Victorian London. Bathrooms are a hold over form the MacG's days and certainly clash with the aura of the joint. Tap list was not updated. Rumor circulating that the toilet paper in the ladies bathroom was in short supply.
I'm really glad I went here!! The atmosphere was very chill, a great place to have a drink with some friends. The menu is pretty extensive, it seemed like an attempt at classier food, but not quite there. The majority of items are around $10 or so. I got the clams and I thought they were pretty tasty :) The beer selection is awesome and our waiter was very informative, and really chill. Inside the restaurant/bar, the decor is ok, there seems to be rotating art, but the seating and tables are alright, however the outdoor patio is a real gem!! There's seating in the front and the back, and on a warm evening, it's definitely a nice place to chill. The only downside I would say is that there's a long long wait for food.
I'm kind of torn on this rating.   First, the good:  I do love Tap and Mallet for their beer selection and the events (such as total tap takeovers, etc.) that they host.  The bar generally is pretty low key and relatively quiet, except for peak times, and it is a very clean and well maintained establishment.  Lots of room inside, with a main bar area with a decently sized bar and seating at high tables and booths, and a dining area with traditional tables and booths as well.  The back patio has three or four round tables as well for outdoor seating when the weather is nice.  They put on an awesome brewfest on Gregory St. during Rochester Beer Week. Now the not so good:  I think their prices are quite high for small serving sizes of some of the better beers that they put on tap.  I've paid much less for larger servings of the same beer at many places around town.  I also think they could sometimes do much better in their beer selections, though as of late, they seem to be turning that around, with many more interesting beers on tap.  I appreciate their loyalty to local brewers, but quite frankly, many local beers are awful (as much as I would love to have a world class brewery in town, it just unfortunately hasn't happened yet). Additionally, I find the service to be lacking more often that not.  Sometimes it is extraordinarily difficult for me to get a beer, and I'm a big guy, so it's not like I am going unnoticed, it's just that sometimes the bartenders seem more interested in chatting it up with their friends than pouring me a beer.  I have gotten extremely good service as well, it's just when the service is bad, it gets really frustrating.   Their food is just plain average to me.  I've tried many menu items, and there just is nothing that I have had that I am anxious to have again.  It's all been fine, just not great.  The poutine is just OK, the gravy is far too salty for my taste, and in general all of the individual elements of the poutine could be so much better (go to the Blue Monk in Buffalo, have their poutine, and you'll see what I mean).  I've also had the fish & chips, the catfish po' boy, the CLT, the tofu buffalo bites, the ox tail tarts,  the reuben, the cuban, and the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, all of which I found to just be average.  The price to portion ratio of the food is on the high side as well.  I usually just eat before or after, and stick to just hitting up the Tap and Mallet for a few beers.   While it's a nice, clean, relatively upscale bar that is a nice place to take out of towners to, in my experience they are always underwhelmed with the food. I do like Tap and Mallet quite a bit, I go there often, but it just seems like they could be so much better than they are.  Like I said from the start, I am somewhat torn in writing this review, because I want to like Tap and Mallet more than I do.  I wish I could give this place a glowing five star review, but unfortunately it just doesn't warrant it in my opinion.
Really cool find for an out of towner. I try to avoid the garbage generally served in hotel chain restaurants and Tap and Mallet was on the money. Lakewood (NY) Sonnet Saison was a perfect start on warm eve. Small, but well prepared selection of dining options. Really impressive is the extensive list of had to find/limited release/special brews.
Had dinner last night at the Tap. New menu - great food, fantastic beer and friendly service. Joe continues to build a fine establishment in the up and coming South Wedge. I had the Turkish Kebab - I asked for the frittes to be poutine style. Small upcharge but well worth the addition! Great flavors on a warm pita. The Scotch Ale Creme Brulee is a must!
This place is excellent with potential to be even better. It has one of the most surprising and exotic beer selections I've ever seen. Unfortunately, my top five choices ran dry before I arrived. The cask ale was "kicked for the night." The bartender will let you try anything, but it would also be nice if the menu was less like a bar manager's inventory. Short descriptions on each of the beers would help. The menu is so extensive it's almost overwhelming. That's not a complaint, but when your first choices aren't available and you have to pick a new item on the fly,   it would be nice to be able to quickly pick based on beer characteristics rather than name and country of origin. Finally, I know it would burden the bartenders, but a sampler flight option is really important at these types of places. Why not try charging a serious premium to avoid the risks: folks getting smashed on a selection of 4oz high abv beers and incredibly overburdened bartenders running around filling shot glasses with beer. I would have happily paid $12 for a flight.
Still great beer. The food was decent as well. The wings in country sweet sauce were tasty. The harvest salad was too sweet. I hate sweet salad dressings, so that ruined it for me. Also, the caramelized onions didn't work well with it. For dinner I had the tandoori chicken pita and hubby had the sausage and mash. I substituted my fries for poutine. Overall everything was decent. I enjoyed poutine because I haven't had it in a while. I'd still come here again to try some different menu items in the future.
I've had a decent experience here the handful of times that I've been. The food is always excellent... always! This past time I went I had the tofu buffalo bites, and the CLT sandwich. Both excellent vegan options, I was impressed. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about their wide selection of craft beers. My only suggestion would have been to add another bartender behind the bar - he was very good, but it seemed he was trying to do 100 things at once serve the floor, pour drinks, grab food from the kitchen... I probably would have ordered another beer but didn't want to "bother" the busy bartender. Because this has been my experience multiple times I gave it 4 not 5 stars. Throw more help in there and I'll give it 5, the food is delicious, beer selection excellent, staff friendly. Highly recommend.
Have been here several times since my last review, & the last visit really changed things for me. We had a large group, which we made a reservation for well in advance, and our server seemed to dislike us form the start. We're pretty nice people, and weren't being demanding or anything; in fact, I think we were pretty laid back about the service. She was increasingly rude, at one point telling one person in our party to "spit it out" when she was taking too long to order, and really marred our experience. I ended up feeling badly for recommending this place for the event, and might think twice before returning.
Some of the best vegan options in Rochester are here and the food is still amazing for non-veggie people. I love the CLT, it is amazing. And there are buffalo tofu bites with vegan blue cheese!
Great service - friendly, helpful bartenders and servers. Great beer selection.  No liquor.  They do have wine. The poutine was tasty.  The fish and chips were really good, exactly what you want when you ask for "fish and chips."  Unfortunately, the shepherd's pie was a little weird (the lamb was kind of bland, and the whole thing was sort of tomato-ey), and the side of broccoli was way too salty. Beautiful space.  Fun, high booths.  Cool metal, beer logo wall-hangings by Stacey Mrva (staceymrva.net). All in all a pleasant summer Sunday dinner experience.  Would definitely go back.
My experience at Tap & Mallet was really all over the place. I'm going to go again, because I think I might've gone on a bad night, and it has a few really good points. The good: - THE FOOD. Oh my. I got a falafel wrap and my boyfriend got the CLT (coconut lettuce tomato) - both of which were amazing, but the CLT is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I'd go back again just for that. (And I will be.) - The beer selection is great - I only had one but I would've had more if we had more time. The bad: - The service was some of the worst I've ever had, at any type of restaurant, including the cheapest fast food places. I'm not sure what our server's problem was, but honestly, I've never seen someone so sarcastic and snarky, and I go to a lot of hipster restaurants. -In addition to "service", the general experience really felt like they hated us being there. We were a party of four, and we came in at 8PM on a Thursday night. Not that late, and it wasn't even busy. I thought it was a normal night out, but after our first beer each, the two waitresses started pushing people out and sat almost falling asleep by the door, waiting for people to leave. We weren't even there for an hour. (Is 9 late on a Thursday? No idea.) It was really weird and made me not want to come back. Overall, the food & drink were amazing, enough to make me try the place again. I'm hoping next time they won't treat us as badly.
Easily my favorite bar in Rochester. The beer selection alone, always shifting and always good, would put it atop my list. But the food puts them over the top. It's generally bar food, so expect lots of frying, but they do a great job with it. ProTip: Don't order the poutine. Although they actually use cheese curds, which is a credit to them (most places that do poutine in the States just use mozzarella or cheddar), their gravy is too thin and weak to make for a proper poutine. It's more like eating cheese fries in a broth -- which is gross.
loved this place- cute and romantic, great for a date or just linking up with friends.  Def try the tofu bites, the curry pita not so much, but they do have a great selection of veggie/vegan options.  Also their repetoire of draft beers rocks.
One of my favorite places to go in rochester. If your looking for a cold glass of Bud, go to the gas station. Don't dare order a domestic as you will be shunned for life. A ridiculous selection of beer w 30 beers on tap and a library of imports throughout the world to satisfy any sophisticated pallet. The food is pretty frickin'  delicious. Perhaps the best chicken fingers in the galaxy. Panko breaded chicken breasts piled high w BBQ sauce. Wash it down with a crisp Harpoon UFO Raspberry Wheat. Just thinking about it now tempts me to make a trip. Great service from our waiter Ray, very knowledgeable about the beers and offered samples for new and exciting craft beers. Always recommended.
Fourth time visiting yesterday (12/13/07). Had a light meal, goat cheese tarts & frites, one pint of a pale ale (forgot the maker - Damn!). Anyway, everything was great from the service on down. Five dollar pints are a little hard on the pocketbook, but, oh well. Earlier visits were equally delicious with only one disappointing meal, a fish and chips (didn't come out hot), but it was at the end of the first week, so I cut 'em some slack on that account. Tap line is great, with a nice variety of beers, though my favorite, the Middle Ages IPA came and went too quickly. Hope they get it back. I'll be back to see...
A nice little establishment located in the city. I'm from the suburbs and do not enjoy going into the city much, but this place is worth the trek. There is a tiny, cramped parking lot behind the place which tends to be full or almost full so you're better off just finding a street spot and saving the hassle from having to do multiple K turns to get back out of the parking lot. You enter from the corner of the building. There is a J shaped bar to the left that seats close to 15 people comfortably. Around the bar there a couple tall round tables and then booths further out against a wall. Behind that wall (and to your right) is another dining area with booths and tables. Hard to estimate how many this place will hold, but it gets pretty busy sometimes, especially with their special nights. I prefer to sit at the bar because I come here for the beer, not so much the food. There is also an outdoor patio for a smoking area or seating during warmer days. They have a pretty good tap list. A wide variety of beers and breweries from which to choose your favorite of the day. I believe I counted 30 taps, plus sometimes they have their beer engine as well. The bottle list is fairly extensive, but it's all stuff you can buy from the local beer stores for a lesser price. They tend to have a couple brews from the local guys 3 Heads Brewing, who have their beers contract brewed by Custom Brewcrafters. Every now and then they have a rarer beer on tap, which draws in the local beer scene. They will have "tap takeover" days where the entire tap list is exclusively beers from one or two breweries. The most recent one I attended was the Brooklyn tap takeover, which was a ton of fun. Even more fun was the Goose Island/Founders tap takeover, which was absolutely epic. The bartenders are fairly knowledgeable about beers and I have never been denied a sample to try before I buy, which is a HUGE plus in my book. The food is ok for the price. They do make stuff from scratch which accounts for something, but the end result is just ok. I have yet to try anything that makes me say "Oh wow, this is outstanding." The food is not bad by any means except for the loaded nachos, which were less than appetizing. The chips got soggy way too quickly and there weren't a lot of toppings on them. They have a variety of pub-style appetizers, sandwiches, and entrees. The poutine was decent, but again, you don't get a lot for what you pay for. I have only sat at a table once here and it was during a beer tasting event, so it wouldn't be prudent of me to comment on the wait service. However, the bar service is good. The bartenders are attentive and even when swamped, they notice an empty glass quickly. Overall, this is a very nice, casual, and friendly neighborhood pub that has a great selection of brews, good company, and a variety of dishes to curb most munchies. This review is for a solid 4.25 stars. One of the better pubs in the Rochester area. I will also give a shout out to the owner, Geoff, who has very kindly allowed a number of us beer folk in Rochester to use the back dining area as a beer tasting hall in the past. He and his servers have always been very generous and kind to us.
I love this place, always a great selection of beer and the menu rotates enough so you do not get bored with it. The french fries and the CLT are my favorite. I'm not a vegetarian but I appreciate having more options than standard pub fare. My favorite beer bar in Rochester.
Probably the best beer selection in Rochester and always rotating, with a helpful (reliably mustachioed) staff who can point you in the right direction.  Good sized space, though the center of the bar area always feels awkward without any surfaces to put down a drink on.  Food is pretty good (mmm, pastitsio) and they have a great outdoor space both in front and out back.  Definitely one of the better places to drink in Rochester.
I love neighborhood places, and this is a great example of one.  The restaurant area usually has a nice range of ages, couples, groups, and families.   The food is good.  It's what you would expect.  There is a huge selection of beers, and the wait staff is efficient.  I've never had a bad experience, and mostly have had very nice dinners there. The bar area is a bit louder, aimed at the under 30 crowd, but all are welcome.    We had to eat in the bar once, and it was pretty hard to talk over the music, so next time I would wait for a table in the dining room.
The best beer selection in Rochester!  We love that the beers on tap are always changing.  The menu also rotates and there have been some pretty delicious offerings on the different menus.  The fried risotto balls were particularly wonderful.   The decor is really nice, a nice mix of modern and historic and we love the exposed brick.   They display work from local artists on the walls an there has been some pretty awesome stuff in there.  The back deck is a great setting when the weather is nice.  Clean bathrooms are also a big plus. The atmosphere changes a lot depending on when you are there.  It gets pretty packed and loud later at night on the weekends with a younger crowd.  Dinner time is more of a mix of people and the atmosphere is fun and busy. If you want a more relaxing experience where you can chat with the bartender about the beers on the menu or the new batch of homebrew you are cooking up, come in before dinner time or on a Sunday.
Best place for beer in town! Only a four because they don't serve liquor. The food is also pretty darn good. Poutine! Sausage and mash! They used to have a patty melt made with sausage, which I miss. The sister location at Corn Hill Landing is great too but serves liquor and has a fancier menu.
Love the food, beers, service & ambience ! Poutine is my favorite dish on the menu followed by the CLT! Service is always great and it's our go to spot on friday nights.
Slow service sometimes (hence the 4 stars) but Buffalo Tofu Bites and Poutine keep my carnivore boyfriend and me coming back! Yum! They have a great beer selection too.
Good food, great beer. Scratch that. Amazing Beer. The tap list never disappoints and I love them for offering tasty yet veg-friendly pub food.
Very busy local haunt with huge beer menu, delicious food and great service all at a reasonable price. A must try for the tourist and local crowd or those wanting to be adventurous with the palate. I highly recommend the Meatloaf Benedict.
One word: poutine. That's what I go to T&M for, though their other menu items are good. I love the poutine - yum!
I love this place.  The lighting, the selection, the atmosphere, the Decor and seating, the location and the food and beer.  This is the perfect example of a little gem located in an up and coming district of the city.
After hearing a lot of great things about Tap and Mallet I finally visited last night. When we first walked in the process to get a table was confusing. Our server was nice enough, but did not take a great interest in us. The poutine was just okay, and the rest of the food was pretty good. Overall the table felt everything was "sweet". Beer selection is extensive. When we had an issue, the server did not seem to understand our problem, but she did alert the manager. He was much more proactive and immediately explained the situation, told us what was being done to fix it and offered us a round of drinks. Props to him for making up for the server. This was not nearly as good as what I was expecting. I would rather go to The Old Toad where I can still get a wide selection of beers, good food, and the location is much better.
Although it can be a tad pricey... they have a large and great selection on beers and wines. The fried pickles are the BEST! It's a nice atmosphere, relaxed and comfortable.
I was here for dinner with a large group recently. The ambiance was laid back but still nice enough for a casual date. I don't really drink so I am unable to comment on their beer/wine (but everyone who ordered beer/wine was quite happy with their choices). We ordered nachos with chicken - this was pretty good but a little steep at $10 + 2.50 (for chicken). I also tried the garbanzo beans (really good) and vegetarian poutine(a little too salty but not bad). For my main course, I got the Asian Beef Rib sandwich with mashed potatoes. The apple jicama slaw in the sandwich was great but pretty much everything else about my plate was not. I bit into chunks of fat in my first couple of bites. I lifted the bun and saw more fatty chunks. I don't think it is unfair to expect the beef ribs to be properly trimmed when in a sandwich. The Polynesian BBQ sauce was too sweet. The mashed potatoes were really dry and the ale gravy was too beer-y for me (what was I expecting? It was called an ale gravy. Bad call on my part.). I sent it back (the server was disinterested but at least removed my plate). The server said I may like the Greek chicken pita better. By the time the pita came out (I sent my food back less than 5m after it hit our table), everyone else was done eating. When the pita came,  I had already lost almost all interest in the food. I tried a piece of the chicken in there - it was alright. Since I have an insatiable sweet tooth, I ordered the turtle cheesecake. The server brought out the wrong dessert but quickly rectified it. It was served with a completely different (white) sauce than my friend's turtle cheesecake (served with a chocolate sauce). Despite my misgivings about the white sauce, my friends confirmed it was just a sugary sauce and not anything ... strange. The cheesecake itself was good (but it is not made in house). The bill came and of course, everyone had a credit card (except me because I am a little anal about bringing cash to dinners with more than 5 people). I was charged for the more expensive beef sandwich and while the server was really patient in handling the 5 credit cards, he did somehow end up charging us $7 more than the actual bill which already included tip. Since the restaurant had filled up at this point and we didn't see the server anywhere, we decided it wouldn't be worth it to ask about the extra charge (and me being charged for the wrong dish). The reason I am giving them 3 instead of 2 stars is that only 4 out of 13 people were dissatisfied with their dishes. Perhaps we just ordered the wrong thing (if you have ever had a decent curry in your life, avoid the chicken curry!) ? Nevertheless, I will not returning - but I probably would if I was a drinker.
Very nice, upscale watering hole. They have a great selection of yuppie craft beers and a nice, pleasant ambiance. I'm a bit too trashy for this place, and felt out of place (I may "look" classy but I'm beach trash deep down. Prefer grimy dive bars). However it's great if you are the classy refined type and can't stand bud light pabst or bottom shelf liquor. I give em four stars because of the high prices.
Came here for the Brooklyn Brewery Tap-out.  Service was great.  I LOVED that even thought there wasn't a ton of menu items, they were all very interesting and unique.  The covered all types of food including Indian, Thai, American, etc.. I got the meatloaf Benedict, which was delicious. We ordered fried pickles to share as an appetizer and they were great; the dipping sauce especially. Will definitely go again sometime for great beer and food!
They have a very large beer selection (most you're likely never to have heard of) and let you sample before you purchase.  I told the bartender that I prefer hefeweizen and she let me try about 3 different ones before settling.
Very nice joint in the Rochester South Wedge!  Gregory street is pretty sweet with all the nice brick architecture, and they did a great job making T&M fit right in.  All the wood inside really makes one feel at home.  The food is good and the beer selection is PHENOMENAL.  If you LOVE beer, and you haven't been here.... the decor changes pretty reg too... so it isn't the same old every time you go in.  Nicely done!
Amazing beer selection perhaps the best in city of Rochester. Tonight I had the Kona Wailua Passionfruit Wheat and it was like I was back in Maui visiting my brother. It truly is paradise.
5 stars for staff and relaxed setting, 4 for the fried pickles and cheesburger, 3 for the tuna steak. The outdoor patio was perfect for a laid-back semi-romantic dinner and I'm sure I'll be back to explore the menu further. As my first attempt at Rochester city food, we were delightfully pleased.
Not only does this place have a remarkable bar, this is one of the few places in town who offers poutine!  It's always refreshing to come back home from NYC and spend a few hours at Tap & Mallet.  In NYC, all of this stuff would be twice as expensive and the service would be half as good.  I'm happy to know that the people here are keepin' it real.  Excellent stuff here, this place never disappoints.
Yelp comes through again, in spades. Looking for a good brew and a late night bite - all signs pointed to Tap & Mallet. Hop Stash IPA on tap, slow cooked Korean pork BBQ with kimchi, and home made mashed potatoes and gravy. Heaven. 15 bucks. Almost ate at the Courtyard instead. Worth the 7 minute drive to Center City.
A nice place to sit & have conversations with friends. The music was a little loud at some points though. The menu looked great. Some ingredients are sourced locally. I shared the nachos with friends & they were delicious. The fried pickles are really good! I don't like beer, so the only drink options for me are the hard cider or wine. They keep it very clean inside. They have an old school dart board & a patio.
Rochester's best hope for a decent beer bar has finally opened! Joe McBane (former manager of the Old Toad) has taken over the old MacGregors location on Gregory St,seriously renovated it, and has a great beer changing line up, good menu and a excellent layout and atmosphere - more than can be said of the remaining MacGregors on a number of counts. With 30 Draft tap lines, 1 Real Ale Cask line and a growing selection (70 + at the moment) of ROTATING beers ( not the same old stuff like a lot of places) it seems like it will be THE beer bar in Rochester in short order. Nicely laid out, tres moderne in some ways, but welcoming and open with a separate  room of tables if you don't want to hang at the bar. There is also outdoor seating-But this is upstate New York so maybe we can start using it around July or so. Friendly,knowledgeable staff can help you make a selection and make sure you don't go dry.The food menu is good higher end bar fare (as opposed to say a dinner menu) with hard to find items like mussels (one of my favorite things with beer in Europe) among the more standard (and well done) items.
Hate to revise my previous 5 star review, but had to bring these guys back to reality.  Whoever previously remarked about the bartenders seeming to be more interested in chatting up customers than doing their job was right on the money.  On our most recent visit, the Dogfish Head Tap Takeover, my glass stood empty several times waiting to get someone's attention.  Mind you this is at about 9PM, bar mostly abandoned and very few customers.  I still love the beer, love the selection, and love the food, but they really seem a bit enamored with themselves at times.  If memory serves, last tap takeover offered pork plates (in addition to the standard menu).  This time around they had a special menu, I think 4 options, one of which was tofu bites (um no), an overpriced brisket platter with very little meat, and a couple other items I had no interest in.  We moved to the side room to order off the regular menu.  We asked a waitress if we could take one of the booths.  "Absolutely!" came the response...then the waiting.  While not crowded, we sat drinkless for at least 10  to 15 minutes, watching no less than three waiters go by, not one of them, including the one who gave us the table, stopped to ask if we might want food or drinks.  Finally I flagged down the handlebar mustachioed waiter, only to be told that the special menu was the ONLY menu for the night...seriously?  No burgers No poutine?  No cuban?  WTF?  Did everyone get the night off?  After getting the bad news, we decided to jump ship and head to Tony D's.  Sorry guys, still love the place, but pay attention to your customers once in a while, and please don't yank favorite menu items away just for the hell of it.
Love the food and the great beer selection at Tap and Mallet. Have been there quite a few times and have no complaints.
Tap & Mallet needs a good cleaning for starters. Even the menus were coated in food and filth. Once you looked past the dried on food, the menu was limited at best and the hardest decision was finding anything appealing enough to order. The service was unenthusiastic, background music was garbled and there was a dark and dreary atmosphere. When the food arrived, it was in keeping with the rest of the experience -- nothing special and not very good. The Caesar salad had something called "smoked tomatoes" on it, which tasted like tomatoes soaked in lighter fluid. I will not come here to eat again.
Perfect pub for a rainy day! Warm pub food, local brews and coffee by French press! We had Chicken Nachos, Pot Roast sandwich and Hot Brown sandwich-we cleaned all the plates!  Server was pleasant but he was very busy as he was the only server.
not much to update with the exception of food & noise.... This place is veggie friendly and you can have a conversation with your friends without yelling! check out Tap & Mallet for a good drink, veggie nachos or fried pickles & a good time.
5 star beer list / 4 star atmosphere / 3 star food.  The beer list is top notch with a focus on regional beers.  Cask ale is typically available which is a plus.  Very neighborhood-y feely with a casual, relaxed vibe.  The menu looks spectacular the actual food is a little bit muddled and bland at times.  However, there is enough on the menu to find something you like, but I recommend sticking to the basics as the more inventive meal choices are so-so. Still, a very fine place to chill.
I stopped by here briefly as a pip stop during wedgefest the other year as a quick pit stop to refuel on a couple pitchers of beers due to a sweet coupon deal. Loved it, me and my friends stopped here during the middle of the afternoon and it was dead, which I loved. Nice relaxing atmosphere the time I checked it out but I have been by when this place is shoulder to shoulder as well.  The bartender was awesome and I have heard rave reviews about the kick ass food.  Will have to stop by for dinner next time I'm in town.
The beer selection is mind blowing. The food, just as good. Amazing  adaptations of some classic pub food turned gourmet. Very reasonable for the quality of food. Loved it!
The food here has gone from excellent to pretty gross.  I'm not into this place anymore based on food alone.  Unless I'm looking for draft beers I never come here.  What happened to the food quality control at this place?  Big disappointment.
This is a great place to have a beer - great selection and the guys really know the beer and make good recommendations.  Food is very good and great to sit outside
Fantastic beer selection! I got good service from the bartenders even though it was a packed house the night I was there, and the ambiance is very appealing. I can't wait to go back and try the food.
Love to come home to a good lunch.  Really enjoyed the angus beef burger.  Cooked to perfection and the "real" fries were a delicious treat!  We also had the pastrami sandwich that was yummy with the pickled veges, a recommendation from our server.  Oh yeah, beer was good too.  Portion sizes were not huge, which I like.
The best beer bar in western NY. If you are looking for cocktails, look someplace else. The Tap is one of the best places in town to relax with a great beer and good friends. Always fresh and unique craft beers on tap- and a great selection and helpful staff.  The food menu is updated seasonally and is much better than standard bar/pub food.  Definitely check it out!
Great pub with unique menus choices. I highly recommend the coconut sandwich - really flavorful and definitely would order again.
This place was great a couple of years ago.  We were back recently to find the bangers and mash off the menu... which was pretty disappointing.  Atmosphere doesn't seem to be the same as in the past. I just didn't find the menu to be as appetizing as before.  At least the beer is still good.
Now open for lunch! I went expecting English pub fare, but the menu is a little more diverse than that, check their website to be sure you going for the right reason. No steak and kidney pies here. That said, I had the philly steak sandwich and it was very good. I don't think many people know that they're open for lunch, so there's not a lot of people in here yet.
Awesome food - awesome beer selection!
This place has a great selection of beers and the food is good.  The only problem I have is the food prices are high.  On a recent Friday evening my wife and I stopped in for dinner. We had an appetizer, one fish fry, an entrée salad, two beers and a glass of wine.  The total was $68!   My main complaint was the entrée salad was $9 and only had lettuce, bacon bits and grapes in it!  I could understand that price if this were a fine dining (or airport!) restaurant, but this is a casual corner bar! All that said, I will go back again for the beer if nothing else!
Ever since my first visit I try to find ways to make it back to Tap and Mallet. Had dinner a few times and the food has been great. You will not find your average bar food menu, they seem to take pride in the food they serve. The beer selection is the best I have ever seen, better than any Rochester bars, and I have yet to see anyone outside of Rochester impress me this much yet... maybe Stone Brewery in California, but I think they have quite an advantage.
You can not find a better selection of beer on tap anywhere, served as craft beer should be.  The food is really good and the service always friendly and helpful.  I've been many times and would recommend it to anyone, unless you are looking for a Bud and microwaved food!
Tap and Mallet has one of the best beer lists I've seen on three continents. Granted, I haven't seen every beer list, but of those that I have seen, Tap is at or very near the top. There are 30 beers on draft, plus the cask, in addition to the many bottles of beer, wine, and mead. There is an app for Tap and Mallet, and though I no longer live in Rochester, I still keep the app for when I'm feeling nostalgic about the beer, the atmosphere, or when I  need to show off for strangers just how incredible this place is. The food is delicious and varied, beyond your typical bar fare. And there are no televisions. They don't serve liquor and you will pay between $5-8 for most of the beers on tap, but after a few out of this world ales and delectable barleywines you can end your night in true cognoscente style with Genesee Cream Ale from a can!
Excellent selection of draft and bottled beers in Rochester.  The owner and his staff are very knowledgeable about the beer they serve and can make great recommendations when needed.  Surprisingly the food is just as good as the beers they serve.  Try the Cuban sandwich...it is one of my favorites.  The micro beer tasting nights are great....Troegs was the best so far!  Keep up the good work.
The Tap & Mallet is easily one of the best bars in Rochester. Its got a great atmosphere, friendly staff, and a sophisticated beer selection. It is easily the Rochester equivilant of The Gingerman in New York.
I absolutely love this place! I recently transitioned from a vegetarian to entirely plant-based diet and this was one of the few restaurants in Rochester that could seamlessly accomodate this without compromising any of the quality. Their falafel is delicious! It is perfectly moist and doesn't crumble when you bite into it. Their edamame is unparalleled. Their french fries are delicious. Their beer selection is amazing!  I had to give them the full 5 stars!
Have repeatedly enjoyed my stay at Tap & Mallet, though a few times it wasn't as great as the rest, but you never know what's going on in the kitchen or the management ;).  I will continue to go in the future and I think that is what matters.  The CLT is amaaaazing! I need more smoconut!
One of my favorite places in Rochester. They always have great new beers on tap and super creative takes on pub classics. It feels comfortable and inviting without feeling
A healthy selection of beers on tap.  Have not tried the food yet.  More to come.
Tap and Mallet was my introduction to Rochester nightlife. It exhibited all the best aspects of Rochester with its prettiest crowds. It's pretty hipster, but not unbearably so. Plus, they have an amazing, large selection of beers - from cask ales to fruit beers. Three full pages worth, actually. They even have ports and sherries. It was pretty impressive. The area by the bar can get crowded, but there's a backyard and a second room full of booths and tables. I hope I make it back sometime!
Don't EVER come here hungry.  Brown haired white male, a little chunky served us on a Wednesday night.  Longest wait EVER for food.  Even for the appetizer.  Seriously??  Seriously -- does a person order an appetizer to get it an hour later?  Is that not antithetical to the definition of an appetizer??  As far as I know, waiting an hour is not an effective way to appetize -- to the contrary, it is an effective way to make a hungry person really livid, which is exactly what happened to us.  Then the food came another 45 minutes later.  I felt like incarcerating the waitstaff until they were hungry and taking their orders.  Entirely unacceptable.  Fix the problem people.
Beer connoisseur locale. Very laid back bar tender was awesome. This is a serious drinking hole. Don't go here for pints that you can see through...
Nice add to the Southwedge! Loved that they had so many of my faves on tap - it was hard to choose. I also recommend their BBQ chicken sandwich. Cool decor, but layout is a bit awkward.
Excellent food, great beer, great events. Thank you, joe, this place is my savior.
the CLT did taste like a BLT as other reviewers wrote
A fantastic selection of brews with people behind the bar who are more than happy to help you pick something out.  Even if you're used to the major label beers, they can suggest something that you might dig.
Definitely the best beer bar in town. The staff is very knowledgeable and passionate about beer. The menu is far more creative than your typical pub, and it is very well executed.  Nice relaxed atmosphere.  Nice patio. Just wished I lived a little closer
Nice atmosphere, not too noisy (but not quiet either), a good amount of style. The real dartboard is pretty cool too. The style was kind of hipstery and the patrons were certainly dressed like hipsters. I felt that it was maybe a little dark to see my dinner companion, but not too bad, and that the flavors in my sandwich were a slightly weird combination. They have a lot of vegetarian and even vegan options though, and the quality of the food was good - the texture of my portobello mushroom was great and the vegetarian mushroom gravy-and-mashed-potatoes was delicious and unusual. The waitress brought out a well-matched wine for my dinner too.
This was the best food we had while in Rochester. We had just gotten off the plane, tired and starving. We ordered a little too much food but every single item was good quality and cooked to perfection. Their beer list is top notch for sure. I couldn't recommend this place more. Service was great. We had a pair of lovely young ladies waiting on us that had great sense of humors and perfect menu knowledge. Simply could not have asked for a better experience!
Excellent comfort food. Was a bit surprised at the consistency of the yolk portion of the deviled eggs... Guess I expected it to be thick enough to be piped in rather than just globbed on. Delicious though. Poutine was just as cheesy and messy as I would want it to be. Some places in Rochester give you poutine where the cheese curds are solid and unsatisfying. Tap and Mallet is definitely not guilty of this. Fried pickles were pretty standard. Had the pork schnitzel as a main. Smaller than expected, actually probably just the right portion size as to not have leftovers and be comfortably full. Came with a side of mashed potatoes, some broccoli, and a mushroom sauce of which there was not enough. Solid food. Excellent service. Extensive beer selection. No reason not to come. ;-)
They have an excellent selection of beers and other beverages that's constantly rotating. Always something great. BUT, I seem to always order the wrong things!! Everyone at my table always gets something better than me. Recently I had the tempeh ruben and was not impressed. The tempeh was more like tofu, kinda flavorless. Still giving it 4 stars though because I have lots of tasty food there that other people ordered! The back patio is nice when the weather's good, but people do smoke out there. So maybe don't go out there if you don't like second hand smoke. I don't, but it's worth risking it sometimes.
Stopped by for a few drinks only: they had an apricot beer that was yummy and their wines weren't too bad either. I definitely want to explore more of their beers on tap and bottled as well! The service, on the other hand, was not so great. The waitress had a little 'tude, which killed the nice, relaxed atmosphere.
Stopped in Sunday evening around 7pm for a beer and dinner. As other reviews state, the beer list is just impressive. The staff is knowledgeable with all of them, and are happy to make recommendations based on what kind of beer you like, or a beer you've had before and liked. We were thrilled to see a bar food menu with vegetarian options! We shared a vegetarian poutine. The gravy was light, cheese was delicious, and fries were really yummy. 4.5 stars. My girlfriend got the CLT. So it doesn't taste quite like a BLT, but it is unique, and very tasty. 4 stars. I had buffalo wings, medium. Good sized wings, great crisp. Sauce was a little salty for my taste, and the blue cheese was not my favorite. Still, they were tasty. Alllmost four stars on the wings. Great service, all around nice people. Great beer. Above-average bar food with vegetarian options.
I truly love this place.  I've only ordered food once, and I just remember it to be mediocre bar food.  People...it is ALL about the beer menu.  Probably the most extensive in my experience in Rochester.   I am a sucker for Belgian Blondes (teehee) or "pale ales" (i prefer the former).  And thanks to a super helpful staff member that asked "do you trust me?", and thankfully to which I replied "sure", I discovered the twice voted Best Beer in THE WORLD, but not like Celine Dion being the best singer in the world.  Delirium Tremens...and I ordered it every time I see it on a menu...and I am actually happy that weggies and trader joes carry it too.  SO thank you awesome staff member that sadly I was too tipsy to remember the name of. I can't wait for my next visit.  I will probably order something Iron Throne worthy!
Awesome!! Great beer selection! Lots of choices for vegans and vegetarians. Try the CLT!
Coming from beer snobs,  they had a killer tap list!  And great food to go with it!  Spinach artichoke dip and fried pickles are awesome!  Homemade pickles and everything else was fresh! The menu is mostly bar food with a fun twist!  Loved it!
My award for "most original yet delicious sandwich of 2014" goes to Tap and Mallet's CLT. Bacon is for rookies - it takes a visionary to see that smoked coconut may not make everything better, but it makes a truly great sandwich.   It's no secret that I like a sandwich and I'm a student of the genre, so it's a pleasure to sample something so well-executed at a place so nice to be. The service was great and the patio was perfect on a summer afternoon. If I had any complaint, it might be that the CLT and other Tap and Mallet fare is four hours away, just far enough to make lunch an all-day project. Don't think I wouldn't do it.
Ah, Tap and Mallet, the center of grad-student life in Rochester (tip: if you're looking to date a medical student, this is where you find us) I come here an embarrassing amount (have become friends with the servers, can't not run into someone I know type of thing...) It's welcoming, down-to-earth, good for groups and has an incredible beer selection. What's not to love? My advice is GET YOURSELF A C.L.T. whether you're vegan or not, this sandwich will blow your mind.  I've never had coconut smoked to the point that it tastes like bacon but yes, it exists. Play nice with the bartender and you can sample a few beers before settling on one that I have no doubt will not disappoint.
Less and less enamored by the Tap & Mallet over the past 18 months or so. Still, it's a great bar. The T&M has the best craft beer selection in Rochester. The number of beers and the quality of them are fantastic for this area. Price-wise it's moderate-to-high. You won't find deals like at Acme or Donnelly's, but there's not serious price gouging going on like similar gastropubs in bigger cities. As for the atmosphere, it's very dark. There's an outdoor patio (nonsmoking now) that is quite popular in the summer, but the service can suffer out there sometimes. The furniture has always been a conundrum in there for me. It's solid but uncomfortable. I think the tables and chairs are all hand-crafted, but they're pretty awkward and I've never ever truly felt "comfortable" in there, except at one of the tall backed barstools at the bar. Forget about sitting at the table in the bar. Your legs will be dangling and swinging off the chairs, or you'll fall off one of them. Hard to anchor oneself there. The food. This is the one sore, sore point at the Tap. It's really had its ups and downs. One a few occasions I've really enjoyed it, on others I've thought what a waste of money this shite was. Don't order Frites late at night because they'll be bottom-of-the-barrel scrapings. The poutine is decent but not mind-blowing. Another very good dish is the chicken fingers. Hand-breaded and often fried perfectly (you might not think to order these, but you should). The fish & chips are also very good. Overall, I'd say the sandwich portions are quite small. My favorite sandwich is the CLT, or coconut lettuce & tomato with hummus. It's an original winner. But the other hearty sandwiches, the Cuban and the House Made Pastrami...hit or miss. Great gastropub in Rochester for those people who love craft beer...but not without its drawbacks.
Another place that everyone around me talks about that I only just finally managed to visit.  This place has a great, high-quality, neighborhood bar/pub atmosphere.  The art on the wall today was an assortment of paintings of traditional scenes with a little pop culture infused.  A millennium falcon here, some Mario Piranha-Plants there.  I like a place with a sense of humor. The Beer selection dwarfs their lunch menu by many many pages and the selection is excellent, not just in volume but in variety and quality. From a food perspective, I have to say I found the lunch menu a little, just a little, wanting.  Next time I'll either go for dinner or at least scope out the dinner menu.  The wings were good, the pastrami sandwich looks excellent.  There is a great variety for vegans and vegetarians which is awesome to see.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying the CLT - Coconut Lettuce and Tomato sandwich.  Vegetarian food isn't just for vegetarians!  Next time it will be warm enough to enjoy the deck too -- I hope. Table service was a bit slow, so i can see what others might be referring to there.  I'll have to stay at four-stars for now and give them the benefit of the doubt until next time.
I am confused. How is it that you boast one of the best beer menus in rochester and host tons of awesome beer culture events, yet you do not offer flights?? Seems like a pretty obvious oversight. You would increase sales and move beers that sit around if you had a system in place that allowed for a 3-5 beer sampling flight. Not to mention the most important thing: further educating your clientele and helping people to expand their palates while continuing to build the craft beer movement in rochester. That said, my wife and i eat at Tap And Mallet often and really love it. Just get some flights goin!
