I haven't been over to the new location on Elmwood yet, but the Hertel Ave store is close by and a frequent lunchstop. The cookies that you can get for dessert are larger than the pancakes served at some restaurants. Joe's has a pretty vast array of sandwiches and wraps to satisfy every taste bud and will work with you and sub out to make your sandwich what you want. No gripes there. While the standing menu is pretty awesome, check out the modest list of specials, they change weekly and are always worthy of inspection. I'm personally holding out for the return of the chicken and biscuits. But treats await. Avoid the king and the clown (like Bourdain would say) and get a decent lunch.
I've been here a few times within the past year, and have never left disappointed. I feel like the sandwiches are the perfect size, and don't leave you hungry (although I want to order 3 sandwiches every time I visit) I can tell they use premium ingredients but are priced very reasonably for what you get. I give this 4 stars and not 5 because I feel a certain deli down the street *cough*Marco's*cough* edges these guys out. I will be back again and again since it is walking distance from my apartment.
Gosh darn, I think they've got it! Love to eat at joes deli for lunch because its quick and delicious. I tried their soup for the first time and it was delicious! Southern chicken style with corn and black beans with a flavorful stock. The chicken was pulled not cubed like the fake stuff in cans. I got the Johnny be good wrap bc it had fried avocado in it! Delicious! I did ask for no tomatoes but they forgot :-( but the service is fantastic the girl who made my wrap came to my table and realized she put them on and offered to make a brand new one for me. I said no thanks bc they were pretty small and I wasn't allergic or anything  so it was no big deal I just took then out. The servings of food are pretty big too I can never finish mine sink usually save Hal for later  great value too
Joe's sandwiches are excellent; I generally order pickup for lunch a couple times a week and I've never had anything I didn't like. The daily specials are usually a win, offering unique options ("loganberry" tacos on kimmelweck tortillas, for example) and off-the-menu sandwiches like The Cutlet are fantastic. Chicken with spinach, cheese, spicy sauce... yum. Most of the hot sandwiches are huge, and eating more than half results in an afternoon food coma. Sides are also great, the potato salad is a favorite with red potatoes, celery, carrots and NO ONIONS! I can't eat raw onions so as a rule it is super hard for me to find an amenable potato salad that I haven't made myself. Fries are also good. The only down-"side" (see what I did there?) is that occasionally the chips that come as a default taste stale. Service is always prompt and friendly, and while the sandwiches are on the expensive side, the quantity more than makes up for it. Overall would definitely recommend for a deli lunch.
The service was fine and the place looks nice, even though there was no one there. To me the place lookes exactly like what you would expect from a NY deli, which is A-OK with me. I may have ordered the wrong thing or came on an off day, but I wasn't impressed with this place. I ordered the 1322 Original pastrami, the sandwich was good but noting to rave about. The pastrami wasn't necessarily dry but it wasn't juicy either. My girlfriend got the Italian Beef without the Hot Cherry Peppers, maybe the peppers are what make the sandwich... Needles to say, she was disappointed with it, she said there was too much meat that wasn't juicy and not much of anything else.
Great deli great prices delicious sandwiches friendly staff and it's bam right here in the heart of Hertel. Favorite wich has to be the Hertel ally by far. Nom!
My favorite banh mi in the city. Roasted pork is the most popular but the pork meatball filling is even tastier, softer and juicier.
The Cuban sandwich here was one of the best I've ever had.  Definitely not a fancy joint but darn good food.
Outstanding sandwiches!  I had The Body', while my son had the '1822 Original' and we both loved our sandwich.  Chips and a pickle to top of the meal.  Not a bad dinner for under $20.  I've been there before, and it is my go to place to cure the pastrami fix.  All the sandwiches are huge, and quite filling.   Well worth the money
Go to Joe's Deli, it is an awesome spot. It's tough to find a quality deli in the Queen City, but this is it. Their fish fry is the best in Buffalo.  Try any sandwich, they're all phenomenal. My favorite is the steak sub "Frank Stallone."  Every experience here has been great. Their sister company Buffalo Catering has taken care of us for multiple family parties, and has always been a big hit.
Great traditional deli...build your own our choose from one of many delicious sandwiches.  The Italian beef is solid and the classics can't be beat.  Always feels good to support good local business.  Great staff and service is quick and reliable.
I am surprised there are so few reviews here because 1) this place was awesome 2) it was busy when I arrived there on a Monday at noon! I was overwhelmed with the choices, all the sandwiches and wraps sounded awesome. I had spent a lot of time looking at the menu online (yay for a great web presence!) but really didn't know what to get. I ended up deciding on a grilled chicken wrap called the "Sweet Baby James". While ordering said wrap I accidentally said "Sweet Baby Jesus" which is also what I said once I took my first bite. The sandwich had grilled chicken, cheddar cheese, romaine, chipotle ranch and CRISPY AVOCADO. The avocado was so good. It was crispy, creamy and the perfect temperature. The chicken was not dry at all and the chipotle ranch had a nice kick to it. The lettuce and tomatoes tasted fresh. It was an awesome wrap. There are at least 4 other sandwiches/wraps that I want to try so I'm really looking forward to go back!
First time at Joes and had the VJR.  Decent sandwich but nothing special, I thought the bread could be better.  I think the sandwich is $2-3 dollars overpriced for the quality/lack of meat.  I prefer Moura's downtown as far as delis go.   Joes does have a solid ambience though, I'll give it another shot but definitely won't be getting the VJR.
Service/ambiance - This medium-sized restaurant has classic deli flair, with a long counter and white boards displaying their wares. Seating consists of comfortable, ample booths coupled with bar-style counters and a decent sized patio. The staff was friendly and fast, greeted us immediately and encouraged us to get comfortable on the patio, stating they would bring our food outside when we offered to wait for it. Food - Old school portions & classic recipes meet new-school culinary twists. My hearty tuna melt, purchased with the optional avacado, came with pepper jack cheese and tomato - it was a creamy symphony of flavors you wouldn't necessarily picture going well together. My bf's Hertel Alley featured ham, pork loin, Swiss & American cheese with French fries & coleslaw right in the sandwich, topped with honey mustard. Everything tasted fresh and non-greasy - it was great to see thought put into the textures of the ingredient combinations and the bread was perfectly toasted. The meals were a great value - a huge sandwich and potato chips (took half home of both), a side of Greek pasta salad (YUM!) and a Stewart's orange cream soda were $11 and change. If you haven't checked out their menu yet, do yourself a favor... joesdelionline.com/menu.… It is drool-worthy. I was also impressed they had multiple vegetarian options and soups of the day, including a delicious-sounding chicken Thai coconut.
Nice place to go but both locations don't have fresh bread.  At a deli you would expect nice fresh bread.  Everytime I go the bread is beyond day old.  I wonder if they store the bread in refridgerators with will ruin any loaf of bread or rolls.
Joe's is the BOMB. End of story.  If you need a sandwich this should be number 1 on your list.  The people that work there are friendly and awesome and the menu is just as great.  They make such great sandwiches and are so reasonably priced it's hard to find anything to top it!  You can get any sandwich you crave and if you aren't feeling creative that day you can choose from the huge blackboard filled of them... and let's not forget the daily specials! Check out the website before you stop in for a preview as they update the specials daily!  Love this place and I'm happy I live so close to it!
If DiBella's is my favorite standard sub shop in Buffalo, Joe's Deli takes the crown as the best specialty sandwich shop here.  I'm kind of disappointed that it took me over a year to try this place and that it took a catered meal from them to even hear about it.  There definitely need to be more reviews for this place b/c it's clearly a very popular spot.  We walked in during lunch time on a weekday and all ~10 tables were occupied with a short line to order.  The extensive menu is much like Marco's down the street - some creative and some classics all done well.  The Reuben recommended by many was solid - you're given the option of traditional sauerkraut or coleslaw and I had to go slaw b/c I'm a sucker for that on a sandwich.   My only wish is if the bread was lightly toasted b/c otherwise, it's a just plain sliced rye.  Also, the chips that come w/ the sandwich are just a mixture of Ruffles/Lays.  For the high quality of the sandwich, they need to pair that with some better chips.   Regardless, I see myself coming here often in the future.
Absolutely love Joe's Deli! It's probably one of my favorite places to grab lunch on the weekend. Plus, they recently expanded their hours so you can even stop in for dinner. Yum! I've just about sampled the whole menu and really haven't had anything I didn't like. Everything tastes fresh and is made to order. My hubs especially loves the Thai Chicken Wrap which consists of mixed greens with chicken, carrots, scallions, shredded cabbage and crushed peanuts in an Asian vinaigrette. My favorite sandwich is "The Body" which reminds me of a modern take on bahn mi and consists of spiced pork loin, Sahlen's ham, pickled carrots, jalapeno slices, cucumber slices, cilantro, and a spicy sriracha mayo. Check this place out. You won't be sorry!
Great sandwiches here - lots of different types, some very creative.  Mine was super, my bf wished he ordered mine.  Good service here, and a good amount of seating, though rather tight.
Formerly Mastman's Kosher Deli, Joe's Deli has taken over the corner of Hertel and Colvin. The people there are really nice and the sandwiches are amazing. My favorite is the Reuben with Russian dressing and sauerkraut. I know what you're thinking. It's just a sandwich. What's so great about a sandwich? Let me tell you. The meat is perfectly seasoned -- not too salty but not bland in any sense of the word. It's just plain delicious. The bread is super fresh. Well, everything is super fresh. Go. You won't be disappointed. I just had the 1322 special (corned beef on rye) a couple of hours ago. I'm ready for another.
Joe's Deli is probably my favorite lunch place in Buffalo, and I think it's pretty underrated (a lot of my Buffalo friends have never even heard of it!)  I was so happy when my boyfriend and I moved into an apartment that it basically right around the corner.  I've been to Joe's on 4 occasions and I can say that I have never once been disappointed.  Their menu is so diverse and has so many delicious sandwiches and wraps. "The Body" is a fantastic Vietnamese style sandwich.  I had this one months ago, so I really don't remember what was on it.  The second time I got a wrap with crispy avocado.  That's right. CRISPY AVOCADO.  It was literally a friend chunk of avocado, and it was SO GOOD.  The third and fourth time I went back, I noticed the tiny piece of paper taped to the pillar with, what I assume, were specials.  This was right before Thanksgiving so I decided to go with the Turkinator.  Needless to say, the fourth time I went back, I ordered it again.  It's basically like the Roast Turkey sandwich at Globe Market, but even better.  It's a turkey sandwich was STUFFING, a light cranberry mayo-type sauce, and a sage cheese I believe.  It's toasted and warm and gooey to perfection.  The stuffing hands down is what makes the sandwich magnificent.  I've heard of cranberry sauce and turkey on a sandwich, but never stuffing.  This should be part of their main menu because it's just that good!!! Overall though, a fantastic little joint that deserves more business than I feel it gets.  Spread the word!
I'd like to think that over the years I've made my way through the menu, but unfortunately I'm a creature of habit and get the same few items. I love the turkey club and the beef on weck that the jus just drips down your wrists as your eat it. I have yet you try the soups, but I hear nothing but good things. I have tried some of their sides such as the potato salad recently and I thought the potatoes could have been cut smaller and seasoned better. Other than that, this place is the cats pajamas
If you can't find something on this menu that you like, you should be a monk or something. Creative sandwiches and delicious soups fill the old school chalkboard menu. Not a lot of seating for in-house dining, but it's a deli experience just like the places in the big cities. The side salads and specials are always creative and delicious. I can't say enough good things about this place.
This is definitely a solid 4 stars now..... Call me sheltered but I actually just got my first Cuban here today....All I can say is "Wow"....I was blown away....It was ridiculously good bordering on addictive.....They thin slice marinated porkloin to go along with ham, pickles, Lorraine Swiss, and honey mustard.....Mmmmm....So good I am not sure if I even want to find another Cuban anywhere else.....It is now one of my favorite sandwiches, and I plan on returning many many more times for it.  :-)
I HATE when I order the wrong thing in a restaurant!  I figure I get only 3 meals a day... 21 meals a week.  I hate to waste one of them on something that just wasn't what I wanted!   I had lunch at "Joe's" today after avoiding it for years because it just was not "Mastman's" and I totally loved that place.  I'm a kosher deli kinda gal.  The smells, the meats, the pickles,  even the mustard.  But, alas..... even I have to move on with the times once in a while (plus I had an "Entertainment" coupon and I like using coupons almost as much as I like kosher delis). The menu is QUITE extensive.  Hot and cold sandwiches, wraps, salads, and even homemade soups.  I didn't want to even risk trying the corned beef (I have to draw the line in the sand when it comes to loyalty somewhere) so I went with a turkey sandwich on marble rye with Russian dressing, Swiss cheese, and cold slaw.  Sounds good, huh?  Now here's where the problem came in.  I was imagining a COLD sandwich.  Maybe I'm a crazy person, but to me that would have been a perfect COLD SANDWICH.  Heck, I've made those for myself and they were COLD.  But this sandwich was HOT.  It was grilled.  I guess in the same style as a Reuben.  It tasted okay, but it wasn't what I imagined or even what I wanted, so I was disappointed.  Still in all fairness I have to say that it was HUGE, the turkey was excellent, the toppings were nice and fresh, and it was accompanied by potato chips and a nice, big (although definitely NOT kosher) pickle. The chocolate chip cookie I had afterward (to console myself) was also HUGE.  It had the perfect chip to cookie ratio and a great buttery taste.  That cookie was EXACTLY what I wanted!
LOVE the Hertel Alley sandwich - they put the fries, coleslaw, and meat all on the sandwich.  And their fires are DELICIOUS.  They always have unique soups too (such as Reuben soup served with rye bread for dipping).  I lived nearby for 3 years and can't believe it took me so long to try.
Was looking for a place to eat while I was in Buffalo for a class, Of course I searched through Yelp and found Joe's. Place is small, but has decent seating for a lunch crowd. They have a variety of sandwiches all with unique names.  Got there a little before the lunch crowd so there was no line, good thing it gave me time to look over the vast menu. Decided on the Reuben, was not the best I have ever eaten but was not bad.     Will definitely hit this place again, if I am in the area.
Holy cannoli, Batman.  This place perfects what you'd picture that well known tiny hidden deli in the Big Apple to be.  Lucky for us though, it's right here in the Queen City!  With specials ranging from Liverwurst to flank steak tacos, you're bound to please the entire crew with this choice.  I love that I can walk in and feel right at home locally, but when I order, it's as if I've road tripped it throughout the US of A with their eclectic concoctions of sandwiches.  All made-to-order as well as in-house, I can't wait to see what they do with their 2nd location on Elmwood.  I'll bring the appetite, just bring on the brew and the bite.
I'm never going to Subway again! This place was simply phenomenal! Huge sandwiches. Free chips with the sandwiches. Old school soda pop. It's not a foot long but you probably still get more meat that a sub from Subway. Thanks Maria for sharing this gem.
I am happy to find a deli down the street from us on Hertel with interesting sandwich selections! I had the Rachael Ann, which is  turkey , Lorraine swiss cheese, sauerkraut or cole slaw, with Russian dressing on marble rye.  Everything was super fresh! Next visit, I want to try a Muffaletta sandwich, as outside of New Orleans (and Lagniappe's here in B-Lo) it's pretty much an unusual sandwich to find! Just need to be in a daring mood ;) I look forward to trying their soups, as I am a HUGE soup-head ;) We will definitely come back!!
A good sandwich is the food of the gods, and Joe's Deli makes a heavenly sandwich. Everything from the bread, to the fillings and condiments is spot on. While they do serve delicious versions of the classics, like a tasty tuna salad, they have some truly creative offerings that are not to be missed! Perhaps my favorite is Joe's take on the best sandwich ever created: the bahn mi, a Vietnamese staple that is very hard to come by in Buffalo. While Joe's version is Americanized, the flavors are out of this world. If you are craving a delicious, and creative lunch...Joe's Deli is the perfect spot.
Veggie hummus wraps even carnivores can appreciate. I walked in one night a few minutes after closing (totally didn't realize and the door was unlocked) and even though they were cleaning up for the night, Joe himself made me my veggie hummus wrap (I had just driven the hour from Rochester and was craving it the whole time!). Thanks Joe!!
Yum! Hertel Ave has been needing a delicious deli for some time. They are so delicious, fast and friendly. They don't deliver but when our salon is slam packed and we can leave they will usually bring it to us! We love Joe and the food. They really need to name a sandwich after us.
This is a great deli to go to for a great sandwich. I have been here twice and times I had a great sandwich. The "Frank Stallone" and "1322 Original" are very good. The Stallone is a steak sandwich with green peppers, onions and mozzarella. The 1322 you can get with corn beef or pastrami. Of course I got it with corn beef piled high, on rye with mustard. So goooooood. Only wish they would put more chips with the sandwiches, then it would be perfect. Would recommend this place
I have eaten at Joe's five times. Five different sandwiches - five winners. Quick service. Great lunch place.
Great sandwich, great prices. Probably the best sandwich shop I've been to in Buffalo...or at least a close 2nd to Marco's...
Great variety of sandwiches, wraps and soups. I tried something called the hangover which had spicy sausage and was topped with a fried egg. That was enough to ensure I'll be back.
I ordered the Muffaletta hoping that it would be something similar to Central Grocery in New Orleans.  While all of the flavors were there, the sandwich was woefully lacking in content - skimpy I would say, especially for the price.  You are probably better off for value elsewhere, Marco's comes to mind and definitely DiBella's.
Soooo good. I wish i'd found this sub shop sooner. The gentleman that made my sub was very pleasant as well. I will be eating here again.
excellent soups and sandwiches......and it's near my house!!!!!...
I have never been disappointed at Joe's. They use fresh ingredients and seem to actually try to make a good sandwich/wrap, etc., unlike some other places. I cannot wait for their second location to open on Elmwood! Keep up the good work, we all appreciate it!
been there once & loved it.  clean, affordable, tastey! definatly going to go here again.
The best deli in the Buffalo area. Joe's does it consistently and with quality. The reuben is a classic must-have but everything on the menu is an excellent choice. The service is casual and friendly while the food portions are perfect. You can even get your food to go and sit in the dive bar next door to catch up on Sportscenter and sip a beer. Check out their daily specials online too! There is always a tasty burger or taco added that is worth trying. Also, get the Hangover at least once. You won't regret it!
Wow!!!! Traveling through New York and found this place thanks to yelp! The sandwiches were amazingly good! Great portion size for the price. I had the muffuletta and my husband had the Italian beef. They were both so good. Quick, friendly service, too! A place you must stop at if you are on buffalo.
Always great food... Awesome fries... Variety of soups and sandwiches that will peak your interest. Try the 534 Elmwood or Hertel /Colvin and tell me what you think
This place is colloquially known as Joe's Deli, but its actual name is "Chose Deli" because (a) when you eat there, it's because you chose to eat at a deli, and (b) if you eat here instead of Marco's, then you certainly did choose their Deli over another famous and local rival. You can't go wrong with either one, but I'm going to break it all down for you and tell you the differences between Buffalo's 2 best sandwich shops... Joe's and Marco's. Before I start let me just say. Get the Hangover from Joe's. Get the Al Capone from Marco's. End of story. Now let's get on with it. Oops. I just posted this review already and wondered why it didn't have any reviews yet. Now I see it actually has 35. Not sure why it's listed twice. Okay, posting it again here. Now we're talking sausages. OK, that's from a commercial in England. But seriously, now we are talking, baby. Joe's Deli is the shiznit. It's absolutely fantastic. Yes compared to some less delicious Buffalo delis, the sandwiches are slightly more expensive (but only by a few dollars). And yes when it gets busy the wait time is a good few minutes (but only by a few minutes more than other places that take a few minutes). But this place is right up there as the best sandwich shop in Buffalo. People often travel far and wide to such meccas as Chicago, New York, and, um, Mecca, to get delicious sandwiches. Except I have no idea if Mecca has delicious sandwiches. Probably some pretty good Kebabs though. Not pork kebabs mind you. But why travel afar for a sandwich when you have such marvellousness as Joe's Deli right in your very own Queen City? There's one sandwich at the marvellous Marco's (I prefer the one on Maple to the one down the street from Joe's) which is probably better than anything at Joe's, it's called the Al Capone and it's utterly incredible. They also have great Cannoli there. But other than that, I'd go with Joe's sandwiches over Marco's sandwiches. And we're talking about the best 2 sandwich shops in Buffalo here, hands down. But Joe's has the edge because they have a good 5 or 10 sandwiches that are just blissful perfection. I'll have to have a peruse of their menu to tell you all the ones which are fantastic, so let me see... I liked the 1322 original a lot which is just like a corned beef thingy. I'd say it's easily the best corned beef in Buffalo. I haven't tried the Pastrami version of it. I preferred the Muffaletta at Marco's though, bigger and better. The Frank Stallone is utterly delicious, it's this place's signature steak hoagie type thingy. The Hertel Alley is fantastic, it's got this luscious Pork Loin on it that gets my loins loining. But the star of the show, and I mean the absolute shining star like Mariah Carey's long oiled waxed shining legs onstage at a Divas concert where every other performer has not had a hit since 1956 and weighs over 370lbs... Is The Hangover. It's not a movie. OK, OK, it's a movie, but from now on, the movie does not exist nor does it matter. Whether you like that movie or not, this sandwich is paradise. It's sooooo damn good that I can't even tell you, you just need to try it. Please. Thanks. It contains, according to their menu (copy and paste): Fried capicola, provolone, sauteed onions, cherry peppers, with lettuce, tomato, mayo, and topped with a fried EGG. It also contains all of my dreams. I have no idea why they capitalize the EGG but from now on I too will capitalize EGG because I love this sandwich so much. It's so spicy, it's so wet and juicy, it's utterly delicious. And these sandwiches aren't horribly priced either, at about $8 each for the good ones, and the basic ones are a few dollars less. Lovely little place to eat and people-watch... get the Al Capone from Marco's on Maple (or the one on Hertel if you must), and get the Hangover from Joe's Deli, and sit and enjoy the best 2 sandwiches in Buffalo. By the way both places have cold sandwiches too, but both of the sandwiches I recommended are hot. I have now tried their Muffaletta, excellent. I think I like the Muffaletta at Marco's (Maple) better, but this one is good too.
I love dropping into Joe's before my night classes. They have the best home made sandwiches and their homemade soup is amazing!! You can really tell it's homemade and fresh. Their variety keeps me coming back because I know they'll always have something I want. Cheap eats, but yum eats!!
