Fantastic community space and art gallery! I spontaneously ended up here on a Friday night for the Loryn Spangler-Jones art opening; I didn't know what to expect and walked in to check out a large two-story space. It seemed like the bottom floor was more of a store with past artists work for sale, so I made my way up and was enthusiastically greeted by Loryn herself. The artist was a great host -- let me know of the complimentary pizza (from Gino's NY next door) available and to help myself to any beer or wine. Nice! I enjoyed walking around the space and taking in her work and chatting with her afterward about her experience coming to Buffalo. Visiting the gallery was akin to visiting a good friend's house - everyone was friendly and welcoming and it was a joyous way to spend a Friday night. The space itself has infinite raw potential and Don, the owner -- seemed to be very open to collaborating and using his space for various projects. The lighting here is great as well; able to be manipulated to create a unique and moody ambiance. Loved to be able to finally check it out.
Tonight ZGM Fine Arts and Photo 2 Graphics owner Don Zinteck hosted a Peruvian Dinner Buffet created by Pure Peru owner and chef Martha Sosa. Patrons dined on both levels of the beautifully lit gallery and feasted on some of Martha's finest Peruvian faire thus far.     My absolute favorites were the Seco de Tofu, Cau Cau, and Escabeche de Tilapia. I also enjoyed the Aji de Gallina.  Everyone seemed to agree that the Papa Rellena (Stuffed Potatoes) were the star appetizer.  As a seafood lover I really enjoyed the Ceviche while the dessert lovers dove into the Purple Pudding. Pop-up events such as this one give the community an opportunity to preview what's coming.  As Buffalo stakes its claim as one of the most diverse ethnic food and restaurant centers in the country we hope to see more events like these. On the horizon for these two event hosts: Don & Diann Zintek will be renaming their gallery as simply "1045" in the very near future. Martha Sosa and Pure Peru will be having their soft opening to the long awaited "first" Peruvian restaurant in Buffalo located at the West Side Bazaar making it the home to 4 ethnic restaurants. Job well done  and good luck to Don Zinteck of ZGM (1045) and to Martha Sosa of Pure Peru for a great and tasty event.  For those who missed it - keep your eye on the West Side Bazaar.
