I'm a firm believer that The Owl House is where it's at for those with "awesome" dietary restrictions, aka vegetarian, vegan, gluten free.  A lot of other restaurants try to provide those options, but they really aren't up to par with what The Owl House provides.  With that said, there was a span of a couple of months not too long ago that I wasn't wowed by the food at The Owl House, but I've since been back twice, once for dinner and yesterday for brunch, and they seem to be back on track.  Yesterday I had a brunch burrito which had tofu, black bean puree, pickled onions, potatoes and a chipotle may, and it was delicious. I expected to only eat half, but I polished off the whole thing and we shared Rosemary French Fries, they are too good to resist.   The Owl House has also expanded their menu to offer unique dishes for carnivores.  So you could bring anyone there and they won't be settling on their meal by any means! But what I must rave about here is more than the food, it's the Bloody Marys.  The Owl House bloody mary is fantastic, if they didn't serve such tasty food, I might just drink my meal with their house made bloody mary mix and vodka. They've added a pergola outside which makes the patio ambiance that much better.
Where has this place been all my life? The Owl House has been around for four years and my wife and I finally got to try it tonight. In brief, it was one of our best meals in a long time. I have celiac and my wife does not, so we got to experience the menus from a gluten-free and gluten-full perspective. The ambience is terrific. We ate in the surprisingly lovely backyard patio. Quite, nice, just right. I do wish the tables were more comfortable-metal iron bases where there's no good place to put your legs, but I soon forgot about the discomfort when the food arrived. I had a soup special: chipotle black bean tomato soup. Just the right spice and flavor. We shared the beet salad. I love beets and always order beet salad when it is on the menu and I this one was fantastic. They didn't try to go to fancy with it, just all the best stuff that goes with beets--chèvre cheese, balsamic reduction... My wife had a burger (the meat kind, but they also offered chickpea for those of the veg persuasion) that was flavorful and well cooked. I had the angus steak, with baby bok choy, which was the "weekly fresh vegetable." Just delicious. Meat was so tender and cooked to a perfect medium rare, as requested. Besides the iron table in my knee, the only other downside i can think of was the gluten free bread that came with my soup. As with most (I think maybe all) gf bread, it wasn't very good. But they made the poor choice of giving me the end of the loaf, which made it even drier than usual. But who can really complain when its rare a place even has gluten free bread to offer. Overall, I'll give Owl House 5 start on my first outing and look forward to going back--hoping to find greater consistency than some of my Yelp colleagues have found.
So cute!  If you don't know about this place you will drive right by... It is literally in a house.   The inside I thought was super cute/charming.   Party of 6... We had fries, olives, and the BBQ cauliflower for appetizers and all were good.   Two of us had the summer pasta .. Fantastic flavor in this dish .  The rest of our party had the salmon ... It was good but not " omg fantastic ".    By the way the menu is SUPER  SMALL.   Our server was attentive  and the evening was enjoyable. This is one of those restaurants that everyone should try at least once    I think I'll go back and try it again
Im so bipolar when it comes to the owl house; some of my meals here have been fabulous, others have been disastrous. I still come back since I have a close vegetarian friend and our brunch here last sunday was a good one. Of course, they were out of a few of the things we wanted to order (ie the stuffed french toast Ive heard was so good). I was feeling lucky and made the brazen move of ordering the chicken and waffles dish. Totally skeptical that this place could make anything remotely resembling good fried chicken, I was proved wrong. The chicken was browned perfectly and crispy, and tasted so damn good. The waffles were kind of cold and the sriracha sauce on them was too spicy (why is everyone obsessed with sriracha lately) but the nice execution of the chicken made up for this. A nice refreshing watermelon salad complemented the dish. My friend ordered some type of tofu scramble with gluten free bread which she was happy with. I do miss the cherub steak sandwich on the dinner menu, which had been removed the last time I had dinner here. Hope it returns; till then I'll be sticking to brunch.
Owl House has been one of my Rochy favorite's but I hadn't been in about a year. Went on a Sunday evening.  Sat at the bar.  The place was DEAD.  Also 8$ for a tiny margarita?  boo We each got the soup special which was some pepper and mushroom thing and it was awful.  I didn't bother to finish it.  Nice texture, thick but still soup but the peppery flavor tasted like tabasco and there were about four large hunks of mushroom scattered throughout.  Nothing to accompany the soup.  Very plain. Then we got a saladboy which I've had and loved before.  It reminded me of coleslaw this time.  Thick cut kale and brussel sprouts but drenched in dressing and something like vegan mayo.  None of the dynamic and delicate flavor I remember. I reassured myself that the Cauliflower wings would save the day as they are one of my all time favorite foods.  But they've changed too!  They used to be spicy and covered in rich buffalo saucy now they are mostly just fried cauliflower.  sad to see them go. Overall I love the environment and the idea of owl house and I will definitely be back to give it a chance to redeem itself to it's former grace, which it definitely held in my head for many years.
i love me some Owl House, specifically the drinks... but when they changed their menu, I was seriously disappointed... NO MORE BLT!  Nooooooooo!  That was my favorite, and it's too bad that I haven't found anything on the newer menu that does it for me quite the way that did.  The rest of the new menu I'm kind of meh about. The service is up and down.  Sometimes it's terrible and drinks are forgotten over and over again and the server doesn't even care; sometimes it's brilliant and charming. Drinks are fantastic, although expensive, and in the summer it can be lovely on the patio.
The Owl House is definitely a very good place to go for a nice meal, good ambiance and very nice cocktails. They have gluten-free options (from what I can tell) and I love their burgers and fries and cocktails. The service is usually great though it can get loud depending on the time of day you're there. Afternoons are relatively quiet. Evenings, you need to reserve your table and make sure the party gets there on time or you lose it. All of this might make this a 5-star rating but I've been there a lot. After the 2nd or the 3rd time, the tasty shine wears off a bit. Everything is still great, but... I reallly reaally wish they would add more items to the menu! Their burger is great but as someone who does not eat pork I feel like I am limited to that or one or two other items which are usually vegetarian or tofu. The french fries are great and after ages they finally added a second flavor (roasted rosemary) which is great. Also, their drinks are great but again, can they step it up with the soft-drink selection? Ordering a non-alcoholic drink here usually means I get a hideously watered-down, no-carbonation-left, coke-related beverage, which is gross. My ratings will probably increase once they add some more items to the menu.
An associate and I had lunch at The Owl House today.  It was an interesting experience that I'd like to try again. The room seemed pretty hip.  Although the room was red, I had a feeling that the usual patrons (at least the ones dining at the same time) bring the rest of Mr. Biv with them. I had the Kitchen Sink Sandwich, which was grilled chicken thigh, grilled asparagus, roasted corn purée, and arugula basil pesto on a French baguette.  Everything worked really well.  The asparagus was gilled just enough to take away the fibrous stringy ness, but not so much where it was a limp limp of mush in my sandwich.  The pesto was robust but not overpowering.  The chicken was nicely seasoned and very moist.  The corn purée added a nice sweetness and was just noticeable enough to augment the sandwich.  The baguette was very chewy, but delicious.  If you have dull teeth, you will not be able to bite or chew the baguette.  The sandwich comes with potato chips or dressed field greens.  I chose the greens, which were not many, and I'm glad they were honest enough to not call it a salad. My associate got the BVE burger, which had fried onions and a sriracha-strawberry jam.  He said that it was clearly pressed and cooked at the time of ordering.  It was cooked to his liking and it looked delicious. If you are an adventurous beer snob, make a stop here.  They have some interesting beers on tap, in the bottle, and in the cellar... Including a beer that is $40 for 24.5ozs.  They have a wide variety of beers on their menu (don't expect LaBatt, Bud, or PBR) that range from $5 to $20 per glass.  Or, if you want a Genny Cream Ale for $2.50, they have that, too. I'll be returning to try the Saigon (with a homemade kimchee) or The Missing Link (an andouille sausage with grilled onions, cheese and a smoked maple mustard).  I may not be returning for a few weeks.  Lunch ran us $14 per person for just the food, a club soda with lime, and tip.  A little pricey for me, but a once in a while splurge makes it worth the stop.
Well, I fully intend to come back and try it again! Because a good vegetarian place is worth another try. This experience was like six months ago but Yelp keeps asking me to leave a review, so maybe this will also remind ME to go back. I really wanted to like it, took a visiting (non-veg) friend. I felt like they rushed our food because we didn't order beer or any alcohol with it?? That sounds weird to me as I write it but it was my impression at the time and I've never had that impression anywhere else that i haven't ordered beer?? It might just be that the food was literally rushed. My friend got the duck macaroni or something but the macaroni was undercooked which is just... how do you manage to undercook macaroni? He may have deserved to have the duck undercooked since, fair penance, for eating meat, but the macaroni???? * so that impression has never quite left me, it was disappointing, but like I said, I've heard enough positive things that it must have been a one time thing. Probably someone had the flu and came in rather than take a sick day... yeah I know what that's like, buddy!! * this is a joke I don't LITERALLY think you deserve undercooked meat
Nom nom nom. I've been here a number of times thanks to vegan or dietary-restricted friends. I try to order something different each time and have yet to be disappointed. Their waitresses have always been friendly and answered any questions. Sometimes there's a bit of a wait but that's really only been when they are doing brunch (a very delicious brunch, mind you). I also find that their prices are reasonable for the things that I've ordered (mostly sandwiches). And their cocktails? Yummy.
Gluten free? Not so sure. I told my waitress twice that I was gluten free. When we sat down she assured me they had all sorts of gluten free bread, pastas and that even the fryer was gluten free. When we ordered the summer pasta, I asked for the gluten free pasta. It was absolutely delicious. I asked for where they got their gluten free pasta, I have never had it that tasty. She comes back and tells me that she gave me regular pasta. Now i have to pay the consequences, thank god I don't have Celiac's. Gluten free- beware!
Umm...  I think the Owl House is just 'alright.'   It's certainly nice to have a restaurant that's vegan friendly for my few, hipster, veg-only friends when we want to go out somewhere.  It's kind of on the opposite spectrum from most restos in the facet that it seems like a vegan restaurant that happens to have a few meat-eater options, haha.  Which is okay.  Anyways, been here a few times w/ the girlfriends where we got the housemade pickled veggies, the Moroccan beef jerky (bring it back! omg), and the fries.  My most favorite thing here one time was their BLT, very surprised that I liked the garlicky vegenaise!  The other time I had something called 'chips and things,' which was supposed to be nachos, I think, but coated in a watery guac sauce.  Most recently I've had the Kitchen Sink sandwich which was okay as your basic chicken sammy is.  We also ordered some strong mint juleps on special that were pretty good!  It's my lady-friend-luncheon place, probably won't bring carnivore-boy here.  I like to order a bunch of small plates and drinks while on the patio when I'm here.
I never thought of being vegetarian until I visited this place. Everything was delicious. I had spicy carrot soup and buffalo cauliflower wings! The cauliflower was crispy in the outside and nice and tender in the inside. Great healthy substitute for chicken wings! The place is small and it feels homey!   Overall a great lunch place for a healthier alternative! They also have burgers and meat for those that love the meat!
Very nice restaurant tucked away in an old house on a side street in a lovely section of Rochester.  The food is superb, the service polite and attentive, and gluten free options abound.  I tried some of their gf bread with my burger and was delighted with it - definitely not run-of-the-mill.  Our party had a mix of breakfast and lunch between us (chicken waffles, hamburger, omelet, etc.) and it was all freshly prepared and nicely seasoned.  I also asked for a medium rare burger and actually received it that way...how often does that happen?  We really enjoyed this restaurant and the care they obviously take with their food.
I've been meaning to stop here while in Rochester since it opened a few years ago.  I'm very happy that I visited.  What a fantastic meal.  My wife and I did not have any of the vegetarian/vegan options but she does eat gluten free and they were able to accommodate her with ease.  The pork chop and salmon were some of the best we've had anywhere.  We love the atmosphere and the neighborhood.  Very cozy.  The service was great.  I would give this a 5 star rating but I'd like to visit a few more times.  I'll update the rating then.   This is a must visit if you are in the Rochester area.
I went to the Owl House for dinner for the first time in early June. My husband had visited several times earlier with coworkers and enjoyed it. He said that the menu recently changed to include more "omnivore" options. For an app we had the Battered Smoked Tofu Nuggets and the Saladboy 3.0.  Both were awesome! The tofu nuggets were smoky and fried perfectly. Great texture (which is def the key to good tofu). We also loved the light sauce they drizzled over them. The slaw it was served with was also delicious.  Slightly spicy, (horseradishy-maybe?) but not overwhelming and so so good. The Saladboy was also really good. I thought it was a bit overdressed (with an awesome dressing, btw), but I loved the combination of brussels, kale and hazelnuts. So good!  I'd definitely get it again.  Would consider getting dressing on the side so it's not swamped. My husband had the "Pats in the Flats" beef burger with the rosemary & black pepper fries. Fries were awesome. We both loved the rosemary scent. I could have even had more rosemary in the fry (I'm a rosemary fiend), but my husband liked it mild. Crispy and yummy. I got the Crispy Sriracha Tofu and really enjoyed it. Can't remember the last time I ordered tofu as a main course. I did wish that the tofu had been crispier (more like the tofu nuggets app) but I still liked it. The flavors of the dish, though, were truly awesome. The dressed & sauteed brussels & kale in combination with the creamy, sweet corn really made the dish. Make sure you eat everything together (tofu + salad + corn) in every bite because that's really when this dish shines.  I thought there could have been more brussels & kale relative to the corn on the plate. I ran out of the brussels & kale first bc I think I needed more of it in each bite to balance the flavors just right. We are looking forward to going back and trying more from their menu!
My number one pet peeve in life is when someone says "it's all delicious."  Because the way I see it, there's always a best dish -- which makes everything else the wrong choice.  But at the Owl House, every dish is the best dish.  Every. Single. One. When I found out the Owl House was overhauling their menu, I pitched a fit like a spoiled five-year-old.  One by one, they eliminated my favorites.  But what they added was so much better.   Here's an apt example ... On Tuesday, I felt compelled to get The Hot Beav Burger, because I'd had it before and -- let's face it -- there is absolutely no way on earth anything else could come close to as good.  But ... I tried something new anyway; the Porky 2.0.  Even as I ordered, I knew I'd be kicking myself when the meals came.  But the Owl House surpassed my expectations.  The pickles, the mayo, the soft Baker Street roll, the wonderfulwonderful pork ... my mouth exploded in happiness.  And again when I tried my sister's The Most Likely to Succeed (turkey sandwich).  And again when I tried my brother-in-law's BLT -- and I HATE raw tomatoes.   If you're thinking about an appetizer, the answer is yes.  The Buffalo Cauli Wings and the Nachos are both stupendous.   The Saladboy is spectacular.  The Wedge salad is smokey and mysterious. The soup is always a hit. For god's sake, people, stop trying to make me choose!  I love them all!
Continues to be a destination for fresh inventive food, great cocktails and good craft beer. Went back to Owl House a couple of times recently and tried the Hot Beav - a delicious chickpea and white bean patty grilled to a crispy char on the outside - slathered with Sriracha mayo, strawberry jam and topped with French fried onions on a soft roll. The marriage of flavors and textures is magnificent. Crunchy, soft, sweet, spicy, creamy. I really enjoyed it. Also tried the chorizo roll - excellent smoked sausage and a sizable portion at that. The negatives to Owl House continue to be logistics such as space (the bar is just so cramped and does no justice to its offerings), semi-working air-conditioning, and sometimes slow service. Other than these quibbles, it's really setting the bar high for freshly prepared, vegan/vegetarian/omnivore food in Rochester.
Amazing drinks! Brunch is also a winner! I wish I could eat every meal here!
We came in for the Walnut Manhattan and the best mustachioed bartender in town. Service was excellent as always and the food was unmatched. However, I am not looking forward to my physician's bill due to the scoliosis induced by the barstools.
First off I am not a vegetarian, nor did I know this was a vegetarian geared restaurant. Whoops. I orders the burger. Extremely impressed it was delicious. Service was outstanding, Jim was great. It had a very genuine and welcoming feeling to it. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the small menu, but it packs a BIG punch in flavor and taste. I will go back, can't wait for brunch. Enjoy!
Being middle eastern I have very strict dietary needs. I love this place!!! It is all fresh, the wait staff is fantastic, and the food is tasty. I highly recommend it!
I love the owl house! They have options for everyone, including carnivores and vegans. I have only been here for brunch, and every time it has been delicious. I am a huge fan of their tofu scrambles and french toast. They also have great coffee and mimosas. One of my favorite ways to spend a summer morning is sitting outside in their lovely garden, eating some wonderful food. They have a large sitting area, with a bunch of tables and plants. My only complaint is that I feel like their prices creep a little bit high sometimes, especially when your plate is pretty much tofu and bread. The high quality of their food makes it worth it though. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. I don't think you will be disappointed!
Delicious and fresh, hard to find a better meal! The Elderflower Gimlet is, far and away, the best cocktail I have ever had!!!
I have visited twice and it has always been a pleasant experience. It's great to have delicious (and affordable) vegan food in Rochester. Keep it up!
Had the breakfast poutine for brunch on Sunday and was not disappointed. The gravy was so delicious I wish I had seconds. I added some bacon to the dish, but I'm sure it would have been just as delicious without it. The eggs on the poutine were light and fluffy, but the gravy stole the show and they sort of faded into the background. It didn't seem too busy when we were there, but the service seemed a little on the slow side.
We had an all-around awesome meal at The Owl House. We went this past Saturday around 6:30pm.  I'm not sure why I didn't think to make a reservation, but I didn't.  The wait time for a table was around 30 to 40 minutes (which seems reasonable for a Saturday night), but they had full service at the bar with two seats available right away.   We started with the Buffalo Cauli Wings, which were great.  Actually better than any chicken wing that I have had in Rochester.  My friend then had the The Old Bay Tempeh, while I had the Los Tacos with beef cheek.  Very interesting flavor combinations and the portions were just the right size. The service was attentive and quick.  I will definitely be back again.
I'm NOT a vegetarian, and just the word vegan makes me irritable, but the food at the Owl House is excellent. Really good! If I lived in the area, I would go all the time.
This was a really great Yelp find.  Located in what appears to be a regular old house is a really neat restaurant.  With food for vegetarians, vegans and meat eaters, you shouldn't have a hard time finding something good and fresh on the menu. I went with The Missing Link which was basically a nice sausage sandwich on a baguette.  Smothered with american cheese and onions, this was a really satisfying sandwich.  The side salad option was a nice touch too. A few of my friends went with the burgers which they seemed to really enjoy as well. The pitchers of Bells were flowing, but it was a quiet and relaxed atmosphere.   I really enjoyed this place and I think I might consider it for a 5 if I ever make it back to Rochester again.
Came here for Saturday brunch. Food was delicious, drinks were good and our waiter was nice.. BUT I watched a waitress drop a piece of bread on the ground.. pick it up, walk to a cash register, PUT THE SAME PIECE OF BREAD BACK ON THE PLATE, and serve it to the customer. Gross. So although the food was good, I will not be back.
We went for brunch a couple weekends ago. It was very crowded and there was a wait, so we decided to sit and eat at the bar. The bartender was adorable, charming, and awesome. We got great, timely service. We enjoyed the vibe and even chatted up the people sitting next to us about restaurants in the area. Five stars for ambiance, service, and overall enjoyable experience. But since the food is the focus of every meal and every restaurant experience, we are going to have to knock it down to 3 stars. My sweetheart had the breakfast nachos with tempeh bacon. I had the Kim Chi Reuben with a side of greens and a Bloody Mary. Then we shared the Rosemary & Pepper Fries with house made ketchup. It is hard to screw up fries; they were delicious as was the homemade ketchup (I usually don't even like ketchup). My Bloody Mary was good but not amazing. My husband's nachos were "meh"~ My Kim Chi Reuben was okay - the bread, kim chi and fixings were all good. But we decided the focus of both of our meals - both filled with Tempeh Bacon - was the problem. It wasn't great. It was thick chunks of tempeh, without any smoky or bacon-y flavoring, or even being cut like bacon. They should have called it "tempeh chunks" instead. We've had delicious tempeh bacon elsewhere, but this was just lackluster low flavor tempeh. So... we will be back. But we will order differently.
Food is always fresh and delicious.
A nice quiet restaurant-beautiful decor-amazing food combinations and the staff was incredibly nice.   I will absolutely go back again
A small hipster place with bad atmosphere  like eating at a weird poser vegetarians  friends house. Pompous bartender kind of creepy my waiter was not helpful with the food and very small portions.Fried tofu was greasy  and strange marinade tasted kind of fishy. Gluten-free oh Moor hipster bullstuff.
A place for vegans ,vegetarians and a unique beer selection. Tucked away in a neighborhood style home we were pleasantly surprised when we entered this quaint establishment. We were led to upstairs seating with an artsy feel to it. Even thought I ordered the pub steak that had its unique flavor and cooked to perfection. My salad wedge was a special thousand island little spice type dressing. The best salad I could have imagined. Best the same ole salads I normally order. I sampled the vegan Mac and cheese what flavor. Check out this place for its unique dishes and atmosphere.
We stopped in for a quick drink on a Sunday night. The beer selection here is ever changing which is why a flight makes a whole lotta sense. Wolaver's organic oatmeal stout was terrific, a real stand out. Strong maple flavor. Full bodied with a clean finish. Chocolate overtones :) We loved it enough to order a growler to go. We thought better of ordering food after a peek at the menu. I know that they change it seasonably and build it based on what is available locally (kudos) so it's not surprising that the winter edition is pretty boring. Nothing stood out as very appetizing or interesting for a couple of non-vegans who can eat gluten. I have heard wonderful things about items that are no longer or not currently available. Will probably stop back in next season for more beer and a second look at that menu.
I've been here several times and there's never a bad meal.  If you're looking for fresh, organic, local ingredients - this is the place.  I loved the chicken and waffles for brunch, chickpea sandwich, pork tenderloin, nachos, etc etc.  My 8 yr old loved it there and wants to eat there every night.  To be safe, reservations are recommended.  Being in the real estate field, I also love that it's located in a city home - lots of charm and character.
Was in town for the arrival of my new niece and yelp didn't let me down. This place was a gem! Food was excellent and very user friendly for those with special dietary needs. Highly recommend.
Food was ok but other than the cauli wings nothing was outstanding. What made our experience disappointing was the fact that Owl House is NOT kid friendly. We (family of 4 with 9yr and 7yr old) were sat in this empty area while all other customers were sat in the back patio and upstairs... another table with kids came in about 20 minutes later and they were also sat in the same area. I guess we were not allowed to be with the 'grown-ups'. Not a good experience at all.... do not recommend Owl House.... won't go back.
I had the opportunity to try their fall/winter menu and even though I love the summer menu more, this menu is just as creative and tasty. We started with the fresh rosemary and black pepper fries with house-made ketchup.  These were okay - like regular fries but with a mild herb seasoning flavor.   I highly recommend the ginger caramel calamari.  The sweet and tangy sauce (reminds me of sweet and sour sauce) is drizzled over the soft calamari topped with banana peppers.  The flavors nicely complimented one another.  The only improvement I would like to see is the calamari more crispy since the sauce "softens" the dish overall. I ordered the ginger tofu, which is a sweet versus savory dish - sweet potato mash topped with shredded sauteed brussel sprouts, banana peppers, and ginger glazed tofu.  The sweetness was unexpected so that threw me.  I prefer savory dinners and this dish was sweeter than I liked.   I would've liked the sweet potato less mashed because it had the texture of baby food, however, the tiered texture variations worked out. Owl House is not just for herbivores!  They tend to their carnivore minority and provide some meat dishes and sides.  I tried the bacon wrapped meatloaf, which I liked more than my dish.  There was a blast of flavor and heat in that bite.   The service is still great.  Our waiter was friendly and checked on us often.  There was never a time where I had to scan the room for the waiter.  I was sitting downstairs, which was full, and the food came out in a timely manner. I'm excited to try their next menu!
Had a nice dinner on the second floor. Ordered the cauliflower as a starter and it was amazing. Shared the tacos and the nachos. I love that you can have different kinds of food here for whatever mood you're in: traditional, mexican, etc. Make a reservation because it fills up quickly, we had to eat dinner at 5:15. Will go back for a special occasion and try brunch.
Went here for brunch with my hubby. We absolutely love this place. So glad we found it and it is such a hidden gem of Rochester. A definite must try.
Kind of hit or miss for me. I've been twice and both times there were some things that were fantastic and others that were just meh - and for the prices I don't know if I would be on the edge of my seat to go back. Went for lunch and there was one server on - so she was swamped and pretty unattentive. Took a long time to get our checks and she had to give us change in pennies and nickels - which was sort of annoying since it was close to $1 in random change. Two people in our party ordered nachos - and they came with different toppings (?) which was pretty strange. The new menu isn't as interesting to me as the old one - but I'll probably go back when they overhaul again.
We had a real nice time here. My wife and I were looking for a place that was classy and local in Rochester, NY while in town visiting my family. My only issue was that we had a small table between 2 other tables and the quarters were not quite as intimate as I would have liked. The large bottle of water was nice and was at each table. The decor was comfortable but there were local artists on the walls which added to the classier vibe. I ordered a beer off their beer menu which was tasty and my wife was able to order a cocktail. This is definitely not available at a lot of places that we've frequented. We both ordered unique dishes off the menu. I had a "skinny" pork sandwich and my wife ordered a grilled chicken sandwich. Both were really really good with unique flavors that we hadn't have. To quote my wife she said, "it was the best sandwich she'd had in years..." The fries with homemade ketchup was really tasty as well. This was exactly what we were hoping for in this lunch. Relaxed and intimate time in a nice restaurant without the kids. We'll definitely be back.
Pros: Food is amazing. We had the vegan mac and cheese and the ginger chicken and it was so satisfying, I could barely walk after. Great selection of beers and wines Cons: A little pricey and the wait is long if you don't have a reservation (we learned the hard way). Service is just OK. Overall: Lots of unique, yummy dishes but would definitely recommend you make a reservation ahead of time
Good food, not what I was expecting from the reviews though, maybe it depends on seasonality (idk if they change their menus  frequently)... Very pricey I would put it at a 3 dollar sign honestly
This is my second time at The Owl House and a first for my husband. I loved it the first time and even more the second time.  The menu is unique, fresh, and seasonal.  My husband and I split the squash salad for an appetizer and were so pleased with the dish. The squash was roasted perfectly, leaving a little bite to contrast with chewy dates, crisp apples, and fresh greens. The tangy dressing brought the whole salad together.   For our main course we chose two variations of the same dish. I chose the ginger tofu and my hubby chose the ginger chicken. The flavors just melded wonderfully.  Juicy chicken or crispy tofu paired so well with the sweet potato purée, shaved Brussels sprouts and pickled pepper. The dish was amazing and paired very well with our wine. All in all, I would highly recommend the Owl House and would definitely go back. Great food, great service, great atmosphere.
I've heard a lot about the Owl House and was looking forward to the experience.  I am in love with the concept and there is a unique ambiance, however the food and service was a slight letdown.   The upstairs was practically empty, and my coffee came without cream and the server was not very attentive.  The Sausage Slamwhich had too much mustard and the French toast came to the table cold.  I love the concept of local and homemade food, so I am willing to give it another shot as there are few options like this in Rochester, however there are improvements to be made for a $30-$40 meal.
We've been going to the Owl House since it first opened. Being a vegetarian, this restaurant is always a fall back when we really can't decide where to go and don't want go too far from home while having a decent meal. Their menu has changed a few times recently and since then I find myself going there less frequently. My issue with this place is only one thing: CONSISTENCY. I can order the same thing  a week later and it can either be amazing or totally meh. Among the appetizers I used to LOVE the rosemary fries but now they taste like they are one of the store bought frozen fries. My recent favorites are the cauliflower wings. Crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside and with a tasty sweet and sour sauce. I'm a fan for sure. In the main course I do really love their new vegan mac n cheese. It starts out crispy and cheesy and ends with a kick. I love the addition of Bok Choy and Broccoli. The brunch menu is good but definitely could be better and more creative. I leave a bit hungry and think scrambled tofu, toast and house made hash is definitely far from creative cooking. The cocktails are definitely smashingly good and I have never had a bad drink here. Storm (the bartender) is very attentive and always offers wonderful drink suggestions. Be sure to make a reservation on busier weekend nights else you'll be disappointed with the wait.
A few friends of mine got together to celebrate my friend's birthday at the Owl House. The cocktails are superb, the beer menu is good and the service was excellent for our party of 8. I would definitely visit the Owl House again.
The only thing that didn't suck was my cocktail and I don't even remember what was in it: My wife and I just finished having brunch here and I have to say, i should have just cooked my own damn food. As a chef, i tend to have higher expectations of food quality, but I think a homeless guy would have been disappointed. When I order an over-medium egg i want the whites cooked through with some nice loose yolks for dipping. Apparently owl house's idea was to cook the whole thing through. Which made my homefries(which were delicious) and my Baker Street sourdough toast very sad. Next thing i noticed was the bacon. I think they must have steamed it, because it was loose enough to slap the chef with. Instead i asked to have it crisped up because good Americans like crisp bacon. And I am a good American. The server was very prompt to tell me she would just go ahead and get me some fresh crisp bacon, which seemed like a silver lining until my bacon came out suspiciously fast and uniformly cooked, at which point giant bells began going off in my head. They deep fried my bacon. YOU DO NOT DEEP FRY BACON!!! This is the most horrible sin ever committed in a kitchen and the "chef" should be summarily executed for food murder. Shame on you Owl House. Brunch is supposed to be a wonderful family excursion and awesome cure for Sunday morning icky feelings. Not a study in a depressing lack of respect for the principles of cooking. This is one customer you won't be seeing again.
The meal I had here was amazing from start to finish.  My friend talked me into going here and boy and I glad that she did. Everything was spectacular from beginning to end. Decor: The restaurant has a really cool and artsy feel to it.  It is in a converted house (victorian?) with a large bar downstairs.  Surrounding the tables were bright colored walls and really interesting art pieces that served as good conversation starters for us.   Service: Service was great.  Our waitress was managing quite a few tables and when things got busy the manager came over to deliver our food or answer any questions we had.  It was clear they had good teamwork and that service was a high priority. Food: YUM. The food was delicious.  We shared the cauliflower hot wings which were absolutely amazing.  They were so crispy and well coated in the hot sauce that I couldn't believe I was eating cauliflower.  Definitely get these.  I had the vegan mac and cheese which was one of the best mac and cheese dishes I have ever had.  They use all local pasta and the cheese was absolutely spectacular.  Tender warm, gooey and packed with some nice bok choi.  Also, instead of breadcrumbs they used toasted quinoa, a really nice touch. My friend had the Ginger Tofu which she also really liked.  I had a quick taste of it and I thought it was pretty delish too.   Overall, this place was great, everything from food, to service and decor were top notch and I would definitely come back.
Very hipster atmosphere with wonderful food and very pleasant wait staff. The menu has something for everybody. I really enjoyed the Buffalo Cauli Wings and the Hot Beav burger. Excellent recommendations from my waiter.
I've been to the Owl House several times and each time it continues to surprise me with new delicious offerings.  They seem to change the menu a lot.  It's always a relatively small selection compared to larger restaurants, but they really make up for it with the quality of the food.  The meat dishes are creatively prepared with interesting spices, and well-cooked.  The vegan dishes are amazingly delicious, especially the pasta.  I devour them and I'm not even vegan.  One dish that never seems to leave the menu is the mac and cheese, and I think it's because everyone loves it so much - breaded, spicy, flavorful, and the perfect portion size.  I've had the occasional dessert at the Owl House and they have been fantastic as well.  Of particular note was the maple cake I ate during the fall. The price of the Owl House is a little above most diners, but they make up for that in spades with the quality of their food.  I highly recommend making a reservation (they are usually full if you just walk in) at this establishment if you are in Rochester.  You will not be disappointed.
My whole family went here for dinner and were disappointed to find the new menu didn't include "Cigarellos" which is a favorite.  For an appetizer, we got the rosemary fries with homemade ketchup, which was fabulous.  Scarfed down in about 2 minutes today.  My husband got the Captain's Quint which wasn't seafood that night...  it was a 12 oz ribeye with chipotle cream sauce, sauteed field greens and lentils.  My oldest daughter got the ginger chicken and upon her first bite exclaimed that there wouldn't be any left to take home.  My younger daughter (11) got "The Loaf" which is a bacon covered meatloaf with sauteed winter greens.  She ate every bite.  My son and I each got a Pats on the Flat.  Mine was gluten free, his added bacon.  Amazing! Our service was fabulous.  We counted the number of times the waitress went up and down those stairs A's estimated it to be 15 trips just for us.  They don't skimp on service here.   My husband got a beer flight and raved about it.  Try the Peche Mel...   We walked out with one tiny box of leftovers, and it wasn't because of a lack of food.  It was that good!   Little disappointed in their gluten free menu since they changed it.  Not a lot of variety this time around.  Great excuse to go back when their new menu comes out! Oh...  and we made reservations through the yelp app...  awesome!  Thank you yelp!
Solid food, excellent food menu items, awesome cocktails as well. Deff a FAN !!!
I went to the owl house for dinner with my family last Saturday. We had Donny as our server. I had beef tacos, a Mai tai and we all shared cracked pepper and rosemary fries. First off, Donny was fantastic. Approachable, informative and most important down to earth and not awkward. We've also had Sarah who is really great as well.  The beef tacos were well worth 5 stars. Super simple, fresh and well balanced. Good work. The Mai tai was equally as enjoyable. Strong, boozey and complex like a classic Mai tai should be. And the rosemary fries are a MUST. trust me! I will always recommend the Owl House to anyone in Rochester looking for fresh, interesting and omission friendly cuisine. However, I will also preface it with, the food  might be "hit or miss." Hence the 4 stars. Either way, the Owl House is easily one of the top five best bars/restaurants in Rochester.
Stopped in for brunch on a Saturday. Trendy little place. Cool little bar when you first walk in with a great beer selection. Had the tofu scramble burrito with sunflower seed mayo, potatoes and a mushroom soup. All was great. Would definitely stop her again when in town.
I LOVE this place!! I can't stop thinking about how good the food is here. So accommodating for vegan & non vegan foodies. Everything has such remarkable flavor. The dessert is extraordinary-don't skip it!! Try the cauliflower wings you will love them. Their drinks are also very well crafted and delicious. My new favorite restaurant in Rochester!! You might have to look around for a parking spot, but it is definitely well worth the walk (if there is one)
Last time was definitely a great visit. This time was just busy, took about an hour for a breakfast sandwich. The foods is still great, gluten-free, and a great place for vegetarians tho. They need a bigger house, I'm sure their customer is willing donate, thanks to their great service and creative menu
I must have a thing for cozy, intimate spaces because they tend to be my most frequent visits, and The Owl House is no different. I'm not a vegetarian, nor am I a vegan, but I'm always up to try something new so I gave it a shot. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that while most places offer vegan/vegetarian options, this place turned the tables on me by making that the main spread, but also offering meat-lovers like myself our own aray of options. I had the fish tacos and appetizer of fries the first time I visited and with the kick of spice, my mouth was left a bit on fire, but hungry for more. Everything was cooked to perfection and the portions were just enough to leave me satisfied without needing to loosen a notch on my belt. Another time I had the grilled cheese special of raspberry jam and goat cheese on sourdough bread that I loved so much I tried to recreate it at home. The drinks here are great as well. Original cocktails and local beers are something Rochester has consistently done well in the restaurant scene, and the Owl House lives up to those standards. Celebrating local produce and beers is something I truly value and they provide me all these things. Service was great, suggestions without being pushy, and after having personally met the owner, I know the staff values their customers as much as any thriving business should. This place is great for entertaining out-of-towners, as well as an easy night out for locals.
love the owl house!
One of my three vegetarian daughters was in town last week (actually, make that two vegetarians and one vegan), and she dragged me to the Owl House again. I'm so sorry, I can't add anything more.  Every experience I've had here has been mediocre at best and terrible at the worst.  There's no point in repeating old reviews.  Just say no.
Owl House was delicious.  I've been once for brunch (had the breakfast nachos.  a hangover's dream) and once for dinner (our table had two cherub sandwiches, the mac and quack, chicken wings, and a shrimp small plate).  Both time I was really impressed with what Owl House is doing. Great cocktail and beer selection (I didn't really pay attention to the wines).  The service was wonderful and on a warm May evening, sitting on the patio was fantastic. I love Owl House and plan to go back many times.
This restaurant came recommended to me as one that is vegetarian friendly. Lots of delicious vegan, vegetarian and gluten-free options! I had the Olek's Buffalo Stance which is described on the menu as Buffalo Spiced Tempeh, Pickled Red Onion, Baby Arugula, Bleu Cheese Dressing on Baguette. It was wonderful and the portions are huge! Sandwiches come with a side of salad or their homemade potato chips. The beer selection is eclectic and wide. 32 ounce mason jars are available to take beer to go. The outdoor seating is lovely in the nice weather and an outdoor fireplace is available on the patio for the cooler evenings. I highly recommend The Owl House and hope I have the opportunity to visit again!
Stumbled in here after discovering that Rocco's had a 2+ hour wait.  The wait at The Owl House was about an hour as well, but the menu looked particularly appealing and after we saw how quaint the interior was, we were sold. We left our phone # with the hostess and wandered the neighborhood.  After an hour she still hadn't called us so we took the chance and returned.  Upon entering, we saw multiple open tables and the hostess said "oh yes, we are ready for you" - oh you shush, lady, you never were going to call us, were you??? The negative comments end there ... the rest of the night was pretty much out of this world and left me mourning that this restaurant is not in Buffalo. First, the ambiance is fantastic - it's literally a house with multiple seating rooms.  We were in an upper back room with only four tables.  Our little two-top overlooked their back garden patio which was absolutely beautiful and well maintained. Drinks: great selection of beer, both on tap and in bottle.  We both tried some craft beers that we had never heard of. Food: started with their mussels which were a special for the night.  They were the best mussels I have ever had.  Tons of flavor - the right amount of spice and some delicious sausage. I had one of their entree specials, the stuffed trout.  Again, delicious.  Cooked perfectly with amazing flavor.  Served over roasted potatoes which were crispy in the best way possible as well as green beans which were buttery and perfectly cooked. My date had the "saladboy" salad which consists of kale and shredded brussel sprouts.  You can add either tofu or steak and on this occasion we went with the tofu.  The tofu was smokey and the flavor lingered - while that may not sound that appealing, I found it absolutely incredible.  I don't think I've ever tasted anything quite like it.  It complemented the brussel sprouts and kale perfectly.  Overall, it was a very unique dish and I wish I could find it somewhere in Buffalo. All in all, well done!!! Hopefully I can find the occasion to return at some point.
I always love going to semi-fancy dinners, and the Owl House is a great place to make that happen because everyone from vegan to meat eater can be happy happy happy here. Immediately offering both a vegan and gluten free menu is a great way to make us high-maintenance eaters happy, and The Owl House always delivers.  They are constantly updating the menu and their lost of specials won't disappoint.  The food is reasonably priced for sure and the portion sizes are what you would expect for a semi-fancy experience.  Since it was our Valentine's Day dinner (only so I can blame our gluttonous tendencies on a holiday), we ordered everything on the specials menu as well as entrees because they were all gluten free.  I am a huge fan of the ever-evolving farm boy salad because it keeps me on my toes and gives me great ideas for home salad creation. The man got himself the entree special as well, scallops and sprouts of some sort, and I tried the lentil burger for the first time and I was exceptionally pleased.  He liked the scallops, but it wasn't enough to feed his man sized stomach.  We are also very enthusiastic about the cauliflower wings and fries, but we opted for ALL OF THE specials this time around instead.  We also indulged in some beverages.  Ya know.  On account of the celebration.  I had an astounding Elderflower Gimlet and he had an uncharacteristic white zinfandel and we happily sipped over delightful conversation and tasty eats.  They had unfortunately run our of their avocado chocolate vegan mousse, so we were slightly heartbroken because we were definitely in the market for some sweets and the other options weren't gluten free.  Our tab came to about $75 and our bellies were happy, but definitely not bursting.  I could have used a few more bites here and there to feel like $100 with tip was a really great investment, but we're certainly not complaining.
It was a good local restaurant. It was located in a house that looks like a residence. Well u guess it was supposed to be a residence house. The paintings in the restaurants are unique. There are many owl paintings. There are a vey tiny bar that you can see when you come in right away. I had Saigon chicken sandwich this time. I think I had beef burger last time, but can't remember too much. It was very tasty. I think there are mustard in the sandwich. It tasted like honey mustard, which I like. The sandwich was very juicy. I like the restaurant because of its tasty food and unique decorations.
We really wanted to like this place.  We went there for our 40th anniversary.  When we walked in it smelled like slightly burnt grease.  To start we had the Buffalo Cauli Wings.  It was interesting, the maple siracha mayo added a nice contrast to the Franks sauce.  My husband had The Missing Link.  While good, it was nothing to write home about.  I had the Hot Beav Burger.  While well seasoned, the burger's texture was a little too much like biting into refried beans.  The best part of this meal was the Siracha Strawberry Jam which this gave the sandwich  a heat that wasn't overwhelming.  The accompanying home fade chips though, were a big disappointment.  Cut too thick, over-fried and burnt with absolutely no seasoning or salt, they went uneaten and wasted.  The wine list was not the best, and overpriced.  We will definitely not be coming back to this restaurant.
I'm a meat eater but I usually order veggie or vegan stuff at Owl House. LOVE EVEYTHING!!! Favorite appetizer: Cauli wings, favorite sandwich: Saigon, favorite cocktail: Elderberry Gimlet. Once ordered the steak special (more than a year ago) and it was the best steak I've ever had not prepared at home. They do everything well here. If you go during busier parts of the week, be sure to make a reservation. My one and only slight "con" is that the entry is a bit cramped and awkward if more than one party is waiting to be seated.
Okay, Owl House, I'm done. You are consistently hit or miss with last night being a gigantic miss! Service: Our server was very pleasant and accommodating--no complaints there. I started my visit with a cocktail, which was a delicious and refreshing blend of gin, St. Germaine, lemon juice and cava, garnished with a twist. Perfect for sitting on the porch!! My partner and I split an order of the buffalo chicken cigarillos, which were fine. And then came the entrees. I ordered the Cherub, which is steak, grilled portobello mushrooms, pickled onions and a blue cheese dressing with a side of dressed field greens. The menu describes the steak as being cooked medium rare, so I asked my server if I could have it rare. What I got were pieces that were between medium and medium-well, so I sent it back. When I got my new one it was over-cooked except for the very center, which was rarish-blue. What is going on in that kitchen! I ate it. But then there were the field greens... half of them were dressed and half of them were not..hmmm. During the time I had to wait for my dish to arrive, I tried my partner's fish tacos with a side of corn and black beans. What a disaster!! There was no flavor to any of the components and the beans were waaaaay under done. They were like dry, gritty pebbles. The fish was also horrendous! It was very, very fishy--so it was obviously not very fresh. All-in-all, it was one of the most disappointing nights out I've had in a long time.
Amazing food! The menu is comprised of local and state organic food with a decent number of vegan options. The buffalo cauliflower is a must try for everyone, all the flavor and taste of buffalo wing without the fat, grease and chicken! Every meal is perfectly plated and displayed, they all taste as amazing as they look!
The burger is amazing!!! For a place as vegan and vegetarian friendly as the Owl House, their burger was awesome! It was juicy, delicious and full of taste. Beyond the burger, the place is very nice and cozy and is perfect for a romantic get away or for the whole family to enjoy.
It was a nice lunch and good service.  Food was very good.  I'd go again.
Food was remarkable. I got the steak special, and it blew my mind. Creamy mushroom sauce on top of steak with asparagus and farron salad on the side. The buffalo cauliflower was delicious and proved that Frank's hot is amazing on anything and everything. I tried to Mac and cheese and loved it. The one star deduction was for the service. It was fine but the waiter forgot my friend's wine that she ordered at the beginning of the meal. I would def. return for the great food.
I had their salmon fillet and I loved it. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone! Be sure to make a reservation as it can get crowded in the weekends.
Such a disappointment.  I had heard so much about this restaurant from friends.  My beer was great (A Wheat beer from VT).  The appetizer (fried tofu squares) were bland and nothing fantastic.  My salad, the watermelon salad, was ridiculous.  I mean seriously?  It was 95% watermelon, 2% feta, 2% red onion, and 1% mint.  It was comically bad, and all for a whopping $13!  I'm quite sad that the Owl House did not live up to its reputation.  I won't try this place again.
My sister asked me where I wanted to go for a birthday brunch, and I thought this would be the PREFECT time to try out the Owl House!  And it was a great decision - I couldn't stop talking about my meal! We came early for brunch.  I didn't call ahead, but it was early enough that there were plenty of tables.  We sat upstairs in the back room.  The place is definitely not my typical style of hip/funky.  I'm as far from hip and funky as you can get, BUT I loved the experience and our waitress was FANTASTIC! I ordered a strawberry-pineapple mimosa!!  BRUNCH COCKTAILS!  How great is that? SO good. For our meals, I ordered the migas, and my sister had the apple bread french toast special.  I've never seen my sister wolf down food like that before.  She said it was excellent, and with the way she ate it all up before I even had half of my meal finished, I'd have to agree. My migas was DELICIOUS!  The myriad of flavors were just perfect, and everything tasted extremely fresh. We even splurged for dessert.  We had the chocolate mousse, and it too was amazing.  I could hardly believe that this was made from avocado - it didn't taste like it.  I should really try to experiment more with different foods! The only thing keeping this experience from 5 stars was the paint.  The wall our table was next to was all scuffed up, and the paint was chipped where the table rubbed up against it.  It was somewhat unsightly.  Other than that  - no complaints! I would definitely recommend the Owl House to any food lover- they cater to those who have special diets, they're creative, and it's such a fun place!
My husband is an extremely healthy eater (flexitarian), while I struggle with making good eating decisions. So, the first time he suggested The Owl House I begrudgingly acquiesced. Turns out, it is now one of my top five favorite restaurants in Rochester! Most of their foods are made on-site and they do their best to buy locally. While, of course you can order vegan, gluten-free, blah-blah-blah, you also have an arrange of delicious meat-lovers style food. My ultimate favorite is the nachos with pulled pork. Not typically a pork fan, but this dish: it's divine! ***They updated their menu and modified the nachos. Not my favorite, anymore, but still tasty. The Edamame with ginger and lemon and the toasted curry cashews are both memorable appetizers that I have attempted to duplicate at home. (Haven't quite mastered it yet, but have enjoyed the trials!) The chocolate avocado mousse dessert is fantastic! I find their prices very reasonable and the staff typically friendly and helpful. The professional atmosphere varies, there are visits where I think the staff are a bit too collegial, but it's not a huge deal. The music is always enjoyable and the original artwork makes for great conversation starters! We've actually purchased a few pieces. I do agree that being a converted colonial home causes accessibility challenges. I am not certain how they modify that, except for building a ramp to the front entrance.
Guys. Guys. The Owl House has reformatted its menu. And you have to go. It's consistently SO much better than before - I went with my parents on Sunday evening (Pro tip: Moms love Owl House) AND with my boyfriend last night. Twice in one week just to make sure it was all true and not a dream. Get the new Cauli wings. I also really liked the Pharoah salad with steak added. (Did you know you can add avocado and/or steak to any salad for a small surcharge? Very worth it.) The Mac and Quack was pretty tasty, too.  Go NOW while it is beautiful to sit outside at the patio. I will say that I still don't think the cocktails are consistently good, so I've been sticking with wine. My boyfriend couldn't decide between two beers, so our waitress brought two generous samples for him to try.
Wowwee! This place exceeded all of my expectations. We ordered just about every item on the menu and each bite was a delight.
Great food and drinks, fun atmosphere!  Love the vegan/vegetarian options.
I love the Owl House. Their lentil burger and Saladboy with the addition of smoked tofu makes me an extremely happy camper. I also like their seasonal menu changes because they keep things fresh and interesting (including both installments of the Cauli-wings - Buffalo and General Tso). Their beer and cocktail selection cannot be beat and I love a good Owl House Bloody Mary at brunch. Storm is always fun to chat with when he is tending bar. As I have said before, I'm not a vegetarian, but I've found very few places that can serve meat while also catering so beautifully to vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free diets. It's a fantastic choice when you are dining with a group of people with mixed preferences.
Food was fantastic. Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. A little pricey. Very long wait for a table without reservations.
Had an incredible meal at the Owl House. We expected the place the be packed but there was plenty of upstairs seating on Friday night. There have several vegan options in every category including snack, appetizers, small plates, large plates, desserts and cocktails. We started with the Cauli Wings appetizer and it was incredible; a must order! It's lightly battered and fried cauliflower drizzled with hot sauce and served on a bed of sweet cabbage and carrot slaw. The cabbage is not just a garnish; it is delicious and should be eaten with the wings. The combination is truly inspired. I had the Gentle Lentil, a burger which I added tempeh bacon to for an extra $2. I expected the bacon to be in strip but it was thick sticks. The bacon was tasty but I surprised to see that is was saucy, thick and not very smokey tasting. The addition of the bacon really helped hold the sandwich together because with out it, the lentil patty would spread out when I bit and start to slip out the bun in the back. For dessert, the bartender graciously agreed to let me have the last of the vegan vanilla gelato which had been made for stout floats. It was coconut based with visible flecks of vanilla been. It was delicious. I also had the blood orange margarita with my meal. It was nice and not very sweet. It came in a salted rim glass, but it was a tall thin high ball glass and straw, which makes the salt seem more decorative than actual part of the drink experience. You can request a vegan menu, but it's just a small piece of paper listing the vegan items that appear on the regular menu which directs you to the regular menu for a description of the food, which isn't that helpful. I highly recommend the Owl House to everyone.
Great food for both vegans and meat lovers!  I have had both and find them very wonderful.  I barely knew I wasn't eating meat.  Also, they have some great, knowledgable bartenders.
Small business in the neighborhood. Bread/baguette was great and the meat on top was delicious. Love their vintage drinking cups and bottles. Waiter and waitress were nice and good looking, don't know whether they are couple or not.
Excellent food and wonderful staff.  Have never had a bad meal and always look forward to bringing friends here.  Love the seasonal menu; always something new!
Vegan, locally sourced and super delish.  The Owl House is just what a great neighborhood needs.  Nice outdoor seating in the warm weather and quaint charm indoors.  Not very ADA friendly, but the staff is helpful.  The service isn't always consistent and you wait a long time for your food.  It is a true gem in the mundane food world of Rochester. Give the Chocolate Mousse a try!
The food was fantastic but the open grill left me smelly and my eyes are burning. Great food with plenty of vegan items, beer options and good service. Worth going anyway!
What a gem of a restaurant! I'm so glad I stumbled upon it when searching online for restaurants in the Rochester area. It's located in a house and since it was nice out, we ate outside on the patio. It's in the backyard and it feels almost like I'm just eating in one of my friends' backyards. It's also neat that they were growing their own hops in the back to start making their own beer! We started by splitting their Moroccan smoked beef jerky, which was really good. Then I had the Saladboy salad with shaved Brussels sprouts, kale, lemon, olive oil, fresh horseradish and romano aioli. This was fantastic! Even if you're not a greens lover, I would recommend it because the dressing gives it such an amazing flavour. I also had a sandwich with apple, brie cheese, arugula, and red onion on grilled sourdough bread. Great flavours + good quality bread = one helluva good sandwich. Other than the food, what I really liked about this restaurant is the variety on its menu - it had something for everyone, whether you're vegan or a carnivore.
I went her last week for the first time. although we did not have a reservation we got there at just after 5 and they were able to fit us in which was nice. my boyfriend and i ordered a starter and 2 entrees. -Cigarillos- Buffalo Chicken & Cheddar in Flour Tortillas, Fried and Served with Bleu Cheese dipping sauce -Cherub- Seared Med-Rare Steak, Roasted Portobello, Gorgonzola Dressing, Pickled Red Onion, Baby Arugula on Baguette (him) -Big Licky- Braised Pork Shoulder, Mustard BBQ, Pickled Red Onion, Caper Slaw on an Onion Roll (me) Ommegang Art Of Darkness (him) Shine Heinz Eifel Resling 11' (me) The starter was AMAZING! I would go here and order this for just my self it was that good. He really enjoyed the Cherub and even let me take a bite. I loved the Big Licky it had a nice tang to it and a bit of spice as well. I ate half of it and took the other half and had it for breakfast :) I really enjoyed the wine it was sweeter than i expected and you could really taste the pear flavor in it. The beer was very dark but the sip i had was not bad, i do not think i could drink a whole glass of it but he like it very much. We will be back to explore more of the owl house menu in the near future.
Went with two friends.  Pumpkin flat bread appetizer... Mmm.  Everything was great including food and service.
From a customer experience perspective (I happen to be a customer experience consultant), our dinner at the Owl House was disappointing at best. We love the owner and hoped to be big supporters but I suspect the owner was away last night and the staff was focused more on the employee experience. We arrived at 8:00 pm and were told we couldn't sit upstairs or outside (due to neighborhood zoning rules). We were seated between other parties in the noisy dining room where we could hardly hear each other over the music.   The music  selection and volume would be appropriate for a neighborhood bar night out but definitely not for a casual dining experience, mostly because it was so loud.  (Music should enhance the experience not try and replace or dominate the experience.) Our lovely server graciously turned the dining room music down when we asked however the kitchen crew appeared to turn their (different music station) up in protest. We were seated in the middle. It would have been almost funny had it not been so discordant and obnoxious.   Oh, the food.  My saladboy was yummy, however the broccoli soup was incredibly thin and salty.  The gluten free bread was cold, hard, tasteless and inedible. The lentil burger was mushy and inconsistent with previously consumed Owl House lentil burgers .  No grey goose vodka? Is this a political, anti-establishment statement, bartender preference, or does it reflect consumer preferences? With so few vegan, gluten free options in Rochester, we had high hopes for The Owl House. The owner "gets it"; he may want to consider immersing his staff in his vision for an optimal customer experience which includes far more than food quality - and be sure someone is available to execute properly when he is away. Submitted with the best of intent; we would love to return.
A really great mix of food options for any diet - vegetarian, vegan, meat eaters, gluten-free - anyone can find something tasty at the Owl House! When you first open the menu it is a bit of a shock- a page of sandwiches, a page of drinks, and then a tiny piece of paper with the 2-3 entrees for the day.  The entrees and specials change all of the time so you aren't going to get bored.  There are lots of fancy cocktails, including champagne cocktails. Unfortunately, the wine-by-the-glass list was small and kind of disappointing when I was there.   Parking is on the neighborhood street and can be difficult to find. The restaurant prefers not to take reservations for more than 4 people, so it's not good for a group unless you make sure to go when it's not busy. I had the pork tacos which were both unique and tasty, I would definitely get them again.
Delicious vegetarian fare, sprinkled with yummy non-vegetarian options. I have eaten both types there and found that their vegetarian food is really the best option when eating here. Cocktails are OK, but I stuck with their nice (though limited) selection of craft beers. Great date place, or for lunch with the ladies.
Two visits to The Owl House within 24 hours is a pretty good indication that I will be returning next time i'm in town. On both occasions I ate alone at the small bar (8 - 10 spots), but had great conversations with two different bartenders and a transplanted Californian couple. The Friday night bartender perfected the craft of making small talk, while mixing the perfect cocktail. The brunch bartender got off easy because law does not permit alcohol to be served before noon, darn!  Both bartenders were passionate mixologists, who shared the same affinity for wrist tattoos. They were very welcoming and talkative, which was nice because many of my road meals are spent alone staring at a muted TV. Instead, I was at culinary night school learning that you can smoke tofu (in a smoker) and use bacon grease for a specialized vodka drink, and how Ransom Old Tom Gin is an accurate revival of gin used for mixing classic cocktails before prohibition. I left the HYATT for a quick dinner and came back with a Ph.D. in molecular gastronomy. EXCELLENT place to go if you have a hard time making up your mind. There is a smorgasbord of affordable food and drink options.   The Owl threw me curveball with the house made pickles. I'm ready for a few delicious pickles, then BAM, out comes a dish of pickled brussel sprouts, garlic, red peppers, jalapeno peppers, and of course, pickles. When I came back for brunch, I ordered two more servings to go! The curried cashews were a great compliment in-between pickle bites. It's hard to dine here without ordering at least 2-3 snacks or starters. The Owl House has a salad called the Panzanell that I will go ahead and give a five star recommendation. I eat salads about once every two months and usually wait for the right moment. The moment usually happens in Rochester after gorging myself with garbage plates, wings, and Dino ribs. This perfect salad includes a mixture of romaine, arugula, baguette, applewood smoked bacon, fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil, mint, and balsamic vinaigrette. Of course, steak was added to perfect it. Hallelujah, this place does serve meat! Be sure to wash everything down with one of the rotating brews on tap or cocktail recommended by the mixologist on duty.   The restaurant is in an actual house and takes reservations for guests looking for a table. Although The Owl House does not give off a fancy need reservations vibe, you will definitely need them for dinner on the weekends. Cheers.
Went for brunch. Friend made a reservation, which was a good idea, as there was a wait. Food was great, service was great, and the prices were particularly great, which is a huge plus as a student. I will definitely be back.
I want to love you, Owl House, but you're so damn unreliable. Because a lot of my friends are vegan or vegetarian, I end up at Owl House often. It's nice to have another vegan/vegetarian option in Rochester. But every time I go I know I'm risking going home hungry. Half the time my food has been great, and the other half it's been abysmal. The weird thing is that this still applies even if you order the same thing every time. Just as one example: I've ordered the nachos three times now. The first time they were amazing and piled high - worth the initially off-putting $10 price tag. The second time they weren't quite as grand, but still tasty. When I ordered them for my table a few days ago, they arrived burnt and missing two toppings and the serving size was pathetic. A tablespoon of salsa verde for an entire plate of nachos? What is going on in that kitchen? Consistency is key, and Owl House just doesn't seem to get that. That said, the staff is friendly, the decor is neat, and I've never had a problem with the desserts.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Rochester. Pros: Local ingredients, unique sandwiches, anything is available veggie or vegan, phenomenal drink menu and beer list. I've had the steak sandwhich and fried tilapia sandwich. Both were great. The drinks are older style cocktails. Just get the Pimm's cup. It's hard to drink just one. All taps are well chosen lesser known beers from excellent small breweries, like dogfish head, rogue, sierra Nevada, etc. The restaurant is in a two story house and very alternative original paintings line the walls. Cons: not many. Small bar and a smallish dining room. Be careful parking under the trees in front of the restaurant. 400 birds pooped all over our car while we ate. If you look up, you risk a dookie in your eye, but you'll see them. I looked under the cover of our sunroof. I had to run into the car to escape unmarked.
I took my mom here for dinner tonight (well, I guess she paid, so she technically took me there) and it was pretty good. It was the second day of Heat Fest 2011 and the downstairs dining room was probably over 80 degrees when we arrived at 6pm. It got cooler as the meal proceeded, but I would estimate that it didn't get below 79 at any point in the meal. I repeatedly told myself it was so hot because The Owl House cares about the environment and wants to keep a small carbon footprint, and this made me feel somewhat better, despite my ever-growing pit stains. It probably didn't help that we were sitting right across from the kitchen. To start, we ordered the Devils on Horseback, which came with a Frisee Salad. They skimped on the bacon-wrapped figs, giving us only 4 halves (2 total figs) for $7.50. My girlfriend, who's in D.C. right now told me the other day that she just bought a pound of fresh figs for $4 at Trader Joe's, so I don't know who's supplying The Owl House with figs, but I suspect they're being overcharged. The bacon was a little limp, but my mother and I agreed the frisee salad was well dressed, with a sweet balsamic rosemary honey reduction and candy-like caramel peanuts. I got the tilapia tacos for my main. I would have preferred cod (or anything else), but I assumed they were using tilapia because was more sustainable and allowed them to keep the food costs lower. Rochesterians also seem to have some sort of weird penchant for the poop-eating, flavorless fish that is the tilapia. It must, in some way, be related to Rochester's obsession with the Olive Garden and "end cuts." In retrospect, I'm not sure why I ordered tilapia over the pulled pork (probably a failed attempt to be healthy after a 45-minute cardio blast earlier in the day, as well as my subconscious refusal to order any pulled pork that isn't from Dinosaur in Rochester). Though the fish itself was a little over-fried (i.e., brown), the tacos were ultimately satisfying and I thought the shredded red cabbage, salsa verde, and guac were outstanding accoutrements to jazz up a fish that is bland, by nature. The black bean and fresh corn relish that came on the side was a nice choice for the summer. For dessert, my mom ordered the Bread Pudding, made with Baker Street baguette, free range egg custard, dried blueberries, raisins, lemon glaze, and vanilla bean whipped cream. Best dish of the night. I generally consider bread pudding a winter dessert, but with the citrusy lemon glaze, light custard, and amazing whipped cream (more of a crème anglaise) a soul warming classic was transformed into a refreshing summer treat. I ordered the Lavender Earl Grey Cupcake and it was no where near as good. While I enjoyed the subtle bergamot flavor of the cupcake, as well as the interesting floral notes of the lavender buttercream, I wished the cupcake was more tender and the buttercream was lighter and fresher. It was also cold, and I absolutely hate when desserts are baked in the oven and then served cold (ever hear of a microwave?). I like the hipster vibe of this place, and the "is she or isn't she Asian?" waitress serving us tonight was very attentive and sweet, but as I said in my previous review, I think the execution has a lot of room for improvement. I'll continue to come here for a fresh, affordable meal made with thoughtfully chosen ingredients combined in clever ways, and I'm optimistic that, as in life, things will get better with time.
Cute little vegan/gluten free restaurant situated in an old 2-story house....and yay, they have stuff for carnivores, too! Who is a carnivore?? ME ME ME!!! GO MEAT!! I had a BLT with real bacon (if you couldn't already predict, fakin' bacon is not in my repertoire) and it was very good...it's kinda hard to screw up a BLT (even if you are me, in my kitchen), but I did find this especially tasty. Dining companions had the vegetarian meatball sandwich and the lentil burger, and they were both pleased with their food as well. I'm putting big money on going back to The Owl House during my next Rochester visit. Although if they stop serving real bacon, I may have to get loud.
Went here for the first time last night with my girlfriend. We traveled over an hour with our sole purpose of travel being to eat here. Suffice to say, we were not disappointed. Since we're both vegan, the vegan options really pulled us in and were very plentiful throughout the menu. We shared the lemon/ginger edamame which was excellent. We also ordered the Daiya mozzarella sticks which were super good too. Tons of crunchy breading and quite large in size... fried a little long which is exactly how I like them. We also shared a caesar salad which was alright. Pretty much just romaine, croutons and a light dressing. Some grape tomatoes would have been a nice addition to this salad, but whatever. It was good nonetheless. I ordered one of the specials of the night which was a tofu dish over mashed potatoes, homemade kim-chee and a small side cucumber salad. The portions were a tad smaller than expected (perhaps I was expecting the insanely large Atomic Eggplant portions, the vegan restaurant which formerly occupied this space) but it was certainly adequate, especially since we ate a lot before our main dishes arrived. My entree was pretty good. The kim-chee was phenomenal as was the cucumber salad and the mashed potatoes. The tofu was, well, tofu. Nothing to write home about. My girlfriend ordered the grilled cheese with sauteed greens and portobello mushrooms. In short, it was incredible. The greens (arugula I think) are an awesome addition to grilled cheese, one which I will have to remember. For dessert, my GF got the chocolate mousse and I got a PB&J bar type thing with whipped cream on top. Mine was super good and while hers looked really good, I didn't try any. She loved it though. The one "drawback" about our visit was the $75 tab (including tip) we racked up while there (no alcohol was purchased). But since everything was really good and their vegan options were plentiful and delicious, and they use a lot of organic ingredients, it really wasn't that big of a deal. Luckily we don't live that close to Rochester or I could see us dropping a lot of $ there. Very nice interior, friendly and helpful staff, and super good food. Will be back for sure. Well done Owl House folks.
This place has some of the best starters I have ever had. We had the Vegan Mozzarella Sticks and Vegan Cigarillos. My parents said that if they hadn't known they were vegan they wouldn't have known, especially the Mozzarella Sticks. I was blown away. I have never had anything like them, they were awesome. And the Marinara was super delish, I finished it straight from the bowl. I had the BBQ Seitan entree. It came with rosemary and black pepper fries and chard. Both were fabulous. The BBQ sauce was delicious and very well spiced. The seitan had a good texture overall. I usually prefer my seitan seared or fried to give the outside a little bit of texture different from the inside. That would have been nice since after a few bites of all the same texture, I was a little over it. It was still delicious though. The sandwiches all looked awesome and I should have probably had one. Both my parents had sandwiches. The lentil burger and Matty's Moustache, both of which they said were very good. Another impressive feature was the drinks. There are very good mixed drinks and drink specials every day. There is also a great beer list with many very good craft beers on tap. The drinks took awhile though. We got a second round when we were about 1/4 into our food and they did not arrive until almost the end, but thats aright, they were pretty busy. As far as hot sauces go (a necessity for me), there is only Franks Red Hot and a tomatillo salsa that I think had only tomatillos in it, no peppers. I would have loved to have had some good hot sauce to use. With everything else here being so awesome, I think they should work on some house hot sauces. I make my own and they are actually easy and fun to make. I would be happy to lend my tallent for some drinks and some vegan mozzarella sticks. Excellent service. All the staff were super nice and on top of most everything. They are also knowledgeable about vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options. I am going to try to make it back here while I am in town for some cocktails and appetizers. They are closed from 4-5 so I will have to work around that.
Crazy accommodating, wonderful staff, and everything is vegan friendly. The environment is very close and comfortable. The beer selection is awesome. My friend and I were starving when we got there so we started with the vegan nachos, which were too addicting and the Tomato Pumpkin Bisque (which was also super amazing). I had the Matty's Moustache which was a sandwich with vegan cheese, apple, pear, onion, arugula and housemade dijon. On the side it came with a small arugula salad. Arugula is my favorite green, so its an easy way to make me happy. My friend had the vegan BLT which he really liked too. If the sandwiches or entrees aren't designed completely the way you'd like, don't be afraid to ask for altered ingredients- they're very welcoming to making adjustments! Don't forget to make reservations! If you don't, you're looking at a 30 - 50 minute wait. This place is small, and super popular.
The problem with most restaurants is that they never have enough options for my vegetarian and vegan friends.  The problem with nearly every vegan restaurant is that they try too hard to seduce omnivores.   Really, as a lapsed vegetarian, I understand the position of most vegan & vegetarian restaurants, and I sympathize to some extent.  In fact, the Atomic Eggplant, which stood here about six years ago, used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Rochester.  (it was actually the restaurant that caused me to become a vegetarian in the first place) What I like about the Owl House is that nearly all of the specials can be ordered either with meat, or with a meatless substitute. That way, both you and your friend can order the same entree, even if you stand at opposite ends of the food spectrum.  That speaks volumes in my book.  I feel so embarrassed when I bring some of my vegetarian friends to a restaurant and they are limited to a portobello burger, steamed vegetables, and hummus. My friends really hyped this place up prior to my visit, so my expectations were very high going in.  I'm not so sure it lived up to those expectations, but I was pretty satisfied with my meal, and the drinks we had afterward were quite good.  I do hear that this place can get terribly crowded, so I would consider making a reservation if you have a larger group.
My boss recommended this to me a while back, because I'm vegan and I had just moved into the city. It has quickly risen to be my favorite restaurant in Rochester. I'm not sure why the reviews here are so mixed, maybe they weren't into the atmosphere. I love love love the atmosphere - it's pretty trendy, and always has great art. It's always packed with people, hence the near-mandatory reservation. The waiters are, at best, really helpful and fun to be around, and at worst, neutral servers. I've never had a bad experience with the staff, and I go here all the time. (At least once a month.) The cost is on the high end, but every time I go I end up getting the full shabang, with multiple drinks, appetizer, entree, and dessert. (Look, I like to treat myself, alright?) If you just get the entree & one drink, it's pretty affordable. (But honestly, try the desserts. The chocolate mousse is always good.) The food is very good, the drinks are always top notch and unique. They always have two or three daily specials, which are sourced from local farms. The appetizers are my favorite meals to get, like the cigarillos, tacos, and vegan mozzerella sticks. In the winter they had these amazing upscale tater tots...oh my gawd. We went here for their Valentine's Day dinner, which is a one-fee, five course meal that can be veganized/gluten-free'd, and paired with wine. It was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had - the food was great, they were paired well with the drinks, and it was super romantic. (I think the Owl House was nominated for the "best place to go on a date" for City too? Can't remember.) I especially love that this restaurant has something for everyone, from carnivore to vegan, and makes environmentally-friendly food taste great. If you haven't gone here yet, please go! Especially if you're vegan!
I walk in and I'm transformed back to Williamsburg Brooklyn... at least with the "look." The food unfortunately is bland and un-inspired. I really wanted to like it. I was here once before and didn't really like it. Forgot what I had, but it wasn't on my memorable list. Came back here for brunch and it was really bad. For brunch I had the eggs in a nest. The sandwich was missing essentials like flavor. It desperately needed cheese and more bacon. It was so disappointing because I had something similar at Egg in Williamsburg and it didn't even come close. My husband had Huevos rancheros which looked like and tasted like a can of black beans covered in mayo goop. The hash browns were a pile of over fried, burned, fall apart into ashes in your mouth, junk - but they did add flavor to my otherwise flavorless sandwich. The service was slow and uninviting which was expected for a hipster crowd. They did cater more to the hipster types that walked in too which was quite annoying. My husband asked the server how much the lg orange juice was (because some restaurants would charge up to $6 for a large and we didn't feel like wasting our money). The answer we got was "I don't know." Well, you're a waiter, go find out. I hate when servers are lazy. We didn't complain at the restaurant. We ate our over priced brunch and left. I don't think we'll be coming back here unless they put more effort in. I'm so sick of restaurants in Rochester being so "Meh"
Went here for an early dinner and overall the atmosphere was great. Ordered the Nachos and cigarillo's for an appetizer. The Nachos were lacking any pork despite being ordered with pork... a fact I didn't confirm until reviewing the menu for this yelp review. Otherwise the nachos were just ok... the bites mostly tasted of corn due to the relish and chips used. The cigarillo's were very buttery and in a great sauce. However the chicken flavor was dominated by the shell. It could have a been a better dish if bites were more consistent and the chicken had more seasoning. For entree I had the Cherub. It was advertised as being Mid-Rare... but was actually well done. What this meant for my dining experience was that if i got a bite with steak it was pretty much ripped out of my sandwich all at once. This lead to having very heavy steak bites and boring mushroom/greens/sauce bites. When I got to the second half of my sandwich i took one bite from the other half and was floored by the a hard, gritty texture that was very rough on my teeth. Upon further exploration there were several small bits of white plastic in my sandwich. Even though I only took one bite of that half.. the gritty plastic lingered in my mouth for over an hour after the bite despite trying to wash my mouth out with water. Biting into a sandwich and getting bits of plastic pretty much floored my dinner.  I don't get the impression that this is the typical experience here, but I decided to try and rate the restaurant true to my personal dining experience. Having multiple items be not what I ordered plus the plastic lead to an awful dining experience. The service and atmosphere were good. As a result of my plastic they took the Cherub sandwich off the check.. which was really the least they could do. If i had a better experience with the plastic, mid-rare beef and actually getting pork on my nachos when I had ordered it that way... I probably think a 3 star review would be fair. As it stands.. I don't know if I will go back.  I tend to give things multiple chances before I decide that I dislike them, but I would really need a dining party/partner to initiate a revisit.
Incredible vegan mozzarella sticks. Seriously, AMAZING. I mean, I am not a vegan, and I have never had vegan cheese before, but these were awesome. You could totally tell that it wasn't real mozzarella, but that didn't matter to me. I loved it! I ordered the flatbread special, which include mozzarella (REAL) and red onion, and I thought it was just OK. Nothing to really write home about. I also ordered a side of hash browns, and they simply were not hot - even cold in some places. I will say that the staff at this place was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was so friendly and helpful, and the host was awesome as well. I would definitely return next time I'm in Rochester to try something else.
Yum! Since he's a vegan moving to rochester, my husband's colleagues all recommended The Owl House to him . We went on our recent visit and really enjoyed ourselves! It has a great ambiance - and you can sit indoors or outside, which is great on a beautiful day. For giggles, we got the vegan mozzarella sticks - which were tasty and served with a marinara sauce. It reminded me of being a kid (but since they're probably awful for you, being made of fried daiya covered in bread crumbs..., I likely won't be ordering them again. But a great novelty!). I got the tacos with smoked tofu. Every bite was so delicious - and the tastes perfectly layered. YUM!!  My  husband got the seitan 'meatball' sandwich and a beer - and seemed pretty pleased. We'll definitely be coming back here to try more things! Next time I'll leave room for dessert.
This place is a boon for the city of Rochester. I know people who come from Buffalo just to go here (and maybe hang out with my wife and I). Previous reviews are spot on. Service is amazing. Example; last night they had a reservation for over 20 people which meant we had to wait at the bar. We ordered our drinks and an appetizer (Tater tots (OMFG so good)) and by the time we were done with that, our table was ready. Our waitress also had the giant reservation but you wouldn't have known it. She was very attentive and we never felt rushed. My wife and I are both vegetarians and the menu is very accommodating. We never feel like we are ordering from just the salad menu as almost everything can be made vegan. Their specials are very inventive and are changed all the time. Everything we've had, we mouthed to each other, "Holy crap this is good" and would get again. I'm happy to see that almost a year later, on a monday night, they are still packed to the gills. Congrats to the Owl House for bringing amazing food and service to Rochester.
I was seated right away. And my server Donnie (?) gets me eating in no time. This guy is good. Knew his stuff. I got the Mac and Quack which is mac and cheese and duck (basically) and it was good. Spicy and good. I got a beer based on Donnie's suggestion three headed something or other. Then I got the peanut putter pie to go. Fucking good. Peanut butter pie=yes. Oh yeah, I was just dropping by Rochester, so Donnie gives me a nice run down of the town. Thanks man. In short Donnie's awesome, so was the pie. Not gonna rate Mac and Quack because I was not that hungry. Beer went down real good with the meal.
The game is still the same - I love meat. But I also love Owl House because they treat vegans and meat eaters with the same respect. That's what I'm talking about peeps. The menu has been updated recently. The sadest farewell goes out to the buffalo chicken cigarillos! Those were my absolute fave. Maybe I can get one final special order?? Or learn how to make them at home... I wasn't that torn up because (of course) they had more delicious options to choose from. I had a tough time choosing between The Cherub and the Mac & Quack because I must always order mac and cheese, but was in the mood for a sando. Luckily my right hand gal ordered the mac and quack and I got to steal a bite (or 3) of her dish. Sharing is my favorite. But, I was superbly satisfied by the Cherub with med-rare steak that was so flavorful and juicy complemented by pickled red onions (my fave addition to the sandwich) and portobellos (love steak and mushrooms together). I do wish the dressing had a bit more gorgonzola punch to it. And then that Baker St. bread. Oh my! It was the freshest, warmest roll. I couldn't argue with that and it didn't overwhelm the sandwich. I will surely be ordering this again. But, I might have the same dilemma as before because I was jealously dreaming about my friend's leftovers, wishing I could have eaten them while watching late night tv. That's a sign of a good dish - your customers lusting after it even when it wasn't their meal. It was like a fancy stroganoff. They're gearing up for the fall season, which likely means there menu will be updated to reflect the local crop. I'm anticipating lots of pumpkin and butternut squash to be happening. Maybe even toss those flavors into a cocktail. I'm game. I'll see you there soon, right? It's a date.
I used to love going to Owl House, but eventually stopped going completely. The vegan options on the menu started decreasing drastically. I also noticed that some of the vegan dishes were extremely simple. The seitain meatball sub, was just cubed pieces of seitan, with tomato sauce and daiya cheese. Maybe some things have changed, I haven't been here in over a year, but I am not convinced by the new menu to go back.
I finally got the opportunity to eat here and it was pretty good.  I had the vegan Mac and Cheese which you will be able to tell is not "true" M&C but nonetheless they do a pretty good job given the obvious barrier (i.e. dairy).  I always enjoyed the atmosphere and drinks.  Very good selection of speakeasy style beverages - I had the elderflower which was awesome.   Overall I really like this place especially for good beer and mixed drinks.  I will try some other items on the menu and report back.   Finally service is great, staff is really nice.
Oh boy, does this place make my heart flutter.  The vegan aspect suited my lactardness, and the gluten-free aspect make my intestines happy as a clam in water. The combination of the two was almost too much for me to handle! The food was fresh, thoughtfully prepared, and the Belgium gluten-free beer was probably the best I've tasted. I especially enjoyed the creamy dressing on the caesar salad and the out-of-this-world pulled pork nachos. The high quality dairy-free cheese they used was spectacular. What really made fireworks was the chocolate mouse dessert though - no words can describe the goodness that coddled my tongue at the post-coital stage of the meal.
I have wanted to like this place so much. I've been there three times and been disappointed three times. The service is atrocious - that's a big complaint. Like if you want to wait forever for a grilled cheese sandwich and second glass of wine - go here! And most importantly the food. It just rates a big ol' meh. The last and final time I went there I got the "speciality" grilled cheese sandwich. It was advertised as having mixed mushrooms and cheeses with a sauce. What I got was about 3 mushrooms and some chedder on sourdough. Look, it's just not good - and it's unfortunate because the atmosphere and the back patio are so darn cute.
In a word, awesome. I had no idea there was outdoor seating, and as today is gorgeous out, for September, we ate out there. The menu is so eclectic and healthy and fresh! I got the tilapia tacos. The tacos were also filled with guacamole, sour cream, salsa verde, and cabbage. It came with a cold salad of corn and black beans. Phenomenal. I loved them. Our waiter, Norberto, was awesome. He was patient with our indecision, and when my dining companion couldn't decide and asked him to pick something for her, he didn't falter, and she was EXTREMELY happy with her lentil burger with avocado. We had the home-made pickles and edamame for appetizers, and shared the avocado mousse for dessert. Yes, you heard me correctly, AVOCADO MOUSSE. It's made from avocado, cocoa, and something else I forget, but it's completely vegan. It didn't taste like avocado at all, it tasted like pure chocolate! Delicious. All in all, we loved this place. So unique, so many cool options, and a great staff. Both indoor and outdoor areas are really unique and fun. Oh! And my 3 course meal came to under $25 with tip! Totally affordable!
I wish I lived in the nearby area, because The Owl House would instantly become one of my most visited places. And I loved it so much I'm not even sure where to begin with my review. The atmosphere is really something else. It's called, "The Owl House" for a reason, and it is a quaint old home that was converted into a restaurant! Even though the place was packed it still felt private and intimate, and the owls everywhere really made the place shine. Local art hangs on the walls for you to purchase and take home, and the service was prompt and more than satisfactory!  (We made reservations!) So add fact that it is vegan AND gluten-free, well bust my buttons! While they do offer some meat, mostly everything their menu is vegan and gluten free- if it's not it can be made vegan (or GF). They use local ingredients, vegan cheese, seitan, and rice milk, and have an extensive gluten free beer list (heck, a very extensive beverage list) and a vegan dessert menu! As if it couldn't get any better, the food was fantastic. The vegan mozzarella sticks? DELICIOUS. It was so hard for me to decide what I wanted to order because everything sounded so delicious and I wanted to make this visit count (since we're from out of town).   I am so thrilled with my experience at the Owl House, it will be a must visit whenever we're in Rochester.
Went for brunch on Saturday.   Cool location - it's literally a converted house - with street parking.   Not a ton of space, but more than you'd think. Good service, not a huge brunch menu, but everyone in our party found something to order without any hassle.   Breakfast nachos were excellent. The Owl Breakfast is their standard eggs, bacon, spuds and toast. The eggs in a basket was a sandwich with the bacon and the spinach in the middle. The special was a steak and eggs sandwich.   All were very good. Freshly squeezed lemonade. Would definitely go back. May be worth calling ahead to see how busy they are, though. If you're not a fan of a steep set of stairs, seating will be limited.
We ordered... Owls baked nachos- house smoked tofu, melted cheddar & feta, tortilla chips, salsa verde, guacamole, chipotle sour cream, cabbage else, black bean and sweet corn salsa. Really tofulicious, the salsa verde was spicy, the cheese mixture was unexpectedly yum. There could have been more guacamole and chipotle sour cream; not enough for all the chips. Sandwiches Seitan meatball - fried Italian seitan, roasted garlic mayo, fresh basil, melted mozzarella, toasted baguette. The best of them, the sauce added needed moisture. Saigon - house smoked tofu, pickled cucumber & carrot, baby arugula, cilantro-lime marmalade, baguette. Pretty decent mixture of taste and texture, needed more moisture. Matty's mustache - warm brie, apple, pear, red onion, baby arugula, housemade dijon, grilled sourdough. The dijon was spicy but the whole sandwich had little filling, it ended up mostly brie and mustard. Paramount blt -fakin bacon, romaine, roasted tomato, fresh basil, roasted garlic mayo, toasted sourdough. The tomato and bacon flavors stood out, couldn't really notice the basil or garlic mayo. All the sandwiches were good but scant on filling and overly bready on the baguette, or sliced too thin and holey sourdough. Our biggest complaint would be that the server didn't give us the menu with the specials and dessert till dessert time, and she hadn't mentioned all the specials. We almost wanted to order another sandwich.
Came here for brunch this past Sunday with one of my (very non-vegetarian) girlfriends- amazing. To start, we each had a roasted red pepper bloody mary- genius. The red pepper gives an extra kick which I will now always use when making my own! And we split the breakfast nachos which could not have been yummier: scrambled eggs over tortilla chips with melted cheese, salsa, guac, chipotle sour cream (heaven!), cabbage slaw, black bean & sweet corn salsa... ALL FOR NINE DOLLARS! HOW.WHAT.MORE PLEASE. ...Then we each got our own entrees (we were very hungry)- she got steak and eggs, I got eggs and vegan bacon. Sadly the Owl House does not do poached eggs...not sure why. And their veggie bacon is definitely nothing to write home about-- weird texture and taste, definitely not Morning Star. BUT even having said all that, I still give it a 5 star rating. Our waitress was pleasant, drinks were great, food was fresh, and we were not rushed at all. We were able to leisurely eat and chat for two hours without ever feeling rushed. Will definitely return and would highly recommend this place for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place! It's precious and has a great patio in warmer months. My favorites: -breakfast nachos ($9.5) -cherub sandwich- steak, gorgonzola dressing, mushrooms, arugula ($9.75) -viva verde tacos ($10) The menu is so meat and vegan friendly- a balance that is difficult to maintain. They've got great cocktails and beer! The serve can be slow at times but it's usually worth it.
My tom collins left me with an unexpected early afternoon buzz which was nice.  The cocktail wasn't fantastic, but it wasn't bad either.  My lentil burger tasted great but I absolutely could not get around the texture. MUSH for days. I kept expecting some crunch from some veggies, nope.  Perhaps toasting the bread could add some dimension? I wanted to love this place with all my heart but I fear I expected too much.
Owl House - you make me wish I lived in Rochester. Sigh. The restaurant is fabulous. Never have had a bad meal - the food is creative, tasty, inventive. Desserts and drinks are too! Entire staff is tops - never have had bad service or attitude. Basically a solid win on every front - affordable, great staff, amazing food that you can make vegan or meaty or vegetarian, as you wish.
This place was amazing! My partner and I were on a cross crountry (CA-NY) road trip. We took a detour though Rochester to buy some beer (don't ask why, just roll with it...) and we decided that since we were stopping, we might as well have dinner. HOLY COW! great decision. My partner is Gluten intolerant, so yelp (thanks!) led us to this delicious place. We had no idea what to expect... When we got there we were greeted by a place that looked like it could barely hold another person. Fortunately we had made reservations online. They seated us upstairs where it was considerably less crowded. Our server Mackenzee (spelling? i don't remember exactly) was super nice and friendly. She was very talkative, but not intrusive, she shared a lot about the restaurant and her time there. She was obviously passionate about the place. Anyway, back to the meal. We ordered drinks. They have a great selection of craft beer. I had a sampler flight (since I wanted to try a bunch but didn't want to drink too much) and she had a cider that was local which was fantastic. I believe it was called Steampunk or something.  We started with a brussel sprout and kale salad that was really delicious. the lemon dressing really worked well with the flavors of the Kale and the brussel sprouts. nice balance. For mains I had a pasta with local organic pork sausage. It was tasty, but nothing out of this world. My partner, she got the capt special (the seafood special) and it was SPECIAL! it was a whole trout with a tamari glaze and an asparragus watermelon and shallot salad. HOLY COW! this was amazing! It was ridiculous how delicious this dish was. I can barely explain it. The salad- a combo i would never have thought of in a million years- was ridiculously good. The asparragus and the watermelon had some interesting flavor contrasts that were amplified by the shallots and bound by the glaze. AH MAZING! The fish was whole. Roasted. A little intimidating for my partner, but it had been de-boned quite well (though not perfectly) and was delicious. The fish was cooked great and theglaze gave it a delicious flavor. It was an amazing dish. For dessert they had 2 gluten free options. A chocolate mousse and a strawberry cake. Mackenzee insisted we should try at the very least the cake. We tried both. The cake was moist! Super rare for gluten free stuff. It was very good. The mousse was strong and cocoaey. Very smooth. We later found out it was vegan- made with avocado. I had no clue, but it was very good and dark. I love dark chocolate. I found that if I combine the cake and the mouse it was delicious, but that was just me... My partner didn't really care for the combo but liked them individually. If I were in the area again I would definitely get a little out of my way to try it again and see if the magic is real or just a one time thing.
So, word on the street is that a vegan-friendly place opened where the Atomic Eggplant used to be. The food was really good. For starters, we ordered the nachos (vegan-style, you can choose), rosemary(?) fries, and our meat-eater of the group had the devil on horseback (which was a fig wrapped by bacon). I had the lentil burger and chips. Others had the buffalo/spicy tempeh sandwich, vegetarian BLT, chorizo sandwich with eggs sunnyside-up (not vegetarian). Service was good. It was interesting to have these jam jars as cups for our water. The artwork on the wall was pretty cool. It's a cute place. It seems like a nice place to have wine, but we didn't have any. My friends tried the chocolate mousse (vegan: made with avocado) and the chocolate brownie cake (vegan). They both said it was really good. Overall, it's not cheap, but it's really good, especially if you like flavorful burgers and sandwiches. You won't even notice they're vegetarian.
What a find! I grew up in Rochester in the 60s and 70s, and worked at the vegetarian Regular Restaurant. Today I live in Atlanta GA, and my daughter and grandchildren are in Dansville NY. We are all vegetarians and my daughter is gluten-free. During my rare, recent visit, we took the kids (8,5,4) to the Strong Museum of Play for the first time on Sunday and used Google to find a suitable restaurant nearby. We were SO fortunate to find Owl House! We were nervous that the atmosphere might not be right with three cranky young ones, but the waitress was FANTASTIC, solicitous, kind, and the kitchen scrounged to find the right ingredients to feed one fussy eater. We had no reservations and were seated right away at 5:30 pm on a Sunday. I had the Lentil Burger, which was better than my homemade one, and I'll be trying to recreate it! My daughter had the delicious Mattie's Mustache, which is grilled brie, fruit and other things. We both got gluten-free bread so we could share, and it was a good as any GF bread anywhere. The children's menu is very generous and creative. Owl House will be my destination whenever I come back to Rochester!
In the former Atomic Eggplant location, this place had to bring it! And, they sure did... the food is really accessible for non-veg/vegan customers and the place is a gem for those with dietary restrictions or alternative food lifestyles. The nachos are amazing (both meat or vegan option are delicious), the lentil burger w/ avocado is deliciously satisfying, and the creative cocktail offerings are worth trying for sure! Aside from my previously-mentioned faves, there are tons of other wonderful starters and entrees. Honestly, I haven't found one that I dislike yet. The desserts are also wonderful, and I'm dying to check out their Sunday brunch! The only downside, it's really not kid-friendly... last time we went they only had one high chair and it was already in use... the staff were also a little unsympathetic to the situation, which kind of made it more obnoxious instead of simply inconvenient...
Delicious! I had the Viva Verde Tacos with the tilapia when I was here for lunch earlier today and they were phenomenal.  The staff was very friendly and the place was surprisingly big. I'm looking forward to going back when I have more time, plus I want to try out more on the menu.  I also love the fact that most of the artwork on the walls is for sale, and for surprisingly reasonable prices.
This is a great Rochester restaurant. The menu is totally unique and every item is wonderful. The calamari appetizer is great.   The pork loin and mashed sweet potatoes with cashews is excellent. Danny is a great waiter. Friendly and not overbearing. Make sure you get a reservation. Seating is limited.
I've been to the Owl House many times and am a big fan. It's in a cute little house off of Monroe Ave. and has a good selection of veggie and non-veggie dishes. Great place for a date or large parties. Very hipster. My favorite menu items are the Big Licky and Nachos because of their pulled pork and purple cole slaw pairing. I've also had some good specials, brunch, desserts, and cocktails. I haven't loved everything... some of the sandwiches are pretty plain and I had a fish special that didn't do it for me. Recently they've been posting discounts (a "mention this post to get X% off this item" type thing) to their Facebook page (they also post the daily specials board) so I suggest following them. Gotta love this owl trend. Hoo hoo!
Lentil burger with GF bread SO Good!!! Carrot-cashew soup delicious but to-go portion was minuscule. They have to work on that.
Visiting the hometown of Rochester, made reservations to eat here on Mother's Day this year as I'd previously had a really great experience with their gluten free grilled cheese. Upon sitting down, I spied the menu and noticed that it was brunch only for that time of day. I inquired of our server if there might be an exception as I could possibly order a gluten free grilled cheese as I had such fond memories of it. The answer - "That wasn't his decision to make."  So - he never asked the chef or went into the kitchen to inquire about that request. He had no willingness at all to even ask. Oh well, so I picked something else.  He said that the special of the day was a salad with roasted chicken, lemon vinaigrette, and an apple compote with onions. I requested no onions. I explained that I was gluten free (the menu notes how seriously they take food allergies.) A nearby table ordered the same thing, and when it arrived - my heart fell. While the server's description might have been accurate about the description of the ingredients in an off-hand way. Salad with Roasted Chicken = / = Waldorf Chicken Salad. Another guest at the nearby table (also waited by our server) who ordered inquired what the dressing was on the chicken (it was mayo) - he wasn't sure. After a conversation about food allergies it is apparently revealed for the first time to this server that mayonnaise contains eggs. When my salad arrives, and indeed rather than roasted chicken with lemon vinaigrette, it is chicken salad with mayonnaise, and I explain that's not really what was described and I wouldn't have ordered it... the server's answer. "Well - I don't eat chicken, so it wasn't even on my radar that might make a difference."  Wow. For a place that supposedly caters to people with food allergies, a waiter who doesn't know about a major allergen like eggs being in mayo or better that it "isn't on his radar" seems like a big problem just waiting to happen. After I demurred about the salad, it was taken away. Leaving me to eat the side of french fries I'd ordered as the entirety of my meal as there was nothing else on the menu that was gluten free that really wanted to eat. Which, even if I'd wanted to order something else was kind of irrelevant as the server didn't come back for another 15 minutes. Which as I sat there, haphazardly eating my "meh" fries - it dawned on me that the two children sitting at another table were eating something that looked mysteriously a lot like grilled cheese. I told myself no - that can't be right, it must be something else -  they couldn't actually be -serving- today on the children's menu what I'd so desired but was denied? I went to go wait outside as my husband took care of the check. As a point of curiosity he asked the server - hey, what are you serving on the children's menu today?   You guessed it - grilled cheese.   So - then I'm not sure what to think. He didn't know what was on the children's menu that day? Or - he knew but couldn't connect an adult request for a grilled cheese to the fact than an adult might also want some. Or - did he know and just not care? I suppose I'll never know the answer to that.
The Owl House is a nice place just outside of the inner loop. They've recently made menu changes but you'll find the changes to be mostly in keeping with what you've come to know and love about this place. They still make homemade ketchup, which is the only ketchup I like and goes well with their fresh cut fries. They also continue to boast many gluten free and vegan items and most menu items can be done that way. I'm a particular fan of the Spring Chicken. Unfortunately, they did get rid of the Big Licky, which was a favorite of mine and daily grilled cheese. :(
Wow! Talk about a great tasting breakfast. I'm a sucker for nachos and enjoyed their breakfast nachos during Sunday brunch. Topped with eggs, chipotle sauce (watch your menu spelling), black beans and more, it was a great spicy way to start my morning. My friend enjoyed her eggs in a nest sandwich. It was tasted so clean and fresh. Most egg sandwiches have that oily heavy taste, but not this one. And it was artfully put together with its basic ingredients. Other notes: I wish we didn't have to wait until noon to drink. I was eyeing the Urban Monk but ultimately passed since I finished eating at 11:50am. The outdoor seating area could use some more umbrellas or I just need to pack my shades next time. This is a great spot for your special food need friends.
Good atmosphere and pretty good food, if a bit pricey and with limited options. For the clientele that it caters to, though, it works. The staff when I went was friendly, but it was tough to get their attention - they kept talking to each other in the doorway of the kitchen while tables were waiting for them.
Good service and yummy food (though on the pricey side) in Rochester. Many reviews on here are from vegans, and this review will be from the perspective of omnivores. My bf and I were visiting from NYC and were impressed by the reviews so we checked this place out. Service was fast. We made reservations and got seated right away at 7pm. Not bad! The decor is simple, with interesting art and photography hung on the walls. The beer selection is to die for. I really like how they use local produce for food. And the food...We consumed: 1) Owl's Baked Nachos (3/5 stars) - needs more cheese and guac. Overall, I liked the pulled pork on the nachos but it needed more fixings. 2) Cigarillos (4/5 stars) - yummy, crunchy. My bf LOVED it! 3) Cherub sandwich with sirloin (4/5 stars) - we were very excited about this sandwich because of the rave reviews. When we got it, we were a tad bit disappointed. The individual ingredients were great. The meat- tender and delicious, but cut a little too thick. The bread was fresh and crunchy on the outside, but too thick so when you're trying to take a bite of the meat and bread, everything falls out!   4) Matty's Mustache (4.5/5 stars) - I was pleasantly surprised by this sandwich. It's a crunchy sandwich with warm, rich and gooey brie, and the apples and pears give it a good tart balance. YUM! They need to put more apples and pears.   This was more than enough for me and my bf (and we're big eaters!). We couldn't even think about dessert. Overall I would def return to the Owl House for lunch or dinner if I return to Rochester.
Delicious! A happening place. Great food. Great service! Even though they got my order wrong, our waiter was speedy and quickly came back with the right order. I got their special. It was a chicken wrap. It was delicious! Great place to go with friends.
EXCELLENT FOOD!!! I highly recommend all the food. We ordered many different dishes and they were all exceptional. I would particularly recommend the black pepper tofu. I generally don't like tofu, but the way they made it was marvelous. The Chips and Stuff was also very good. The food was very good and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Vegan restaurants in Rochester? I haven't been into Rochester in years, probably since when I was in highschool and looking at colleges, so I didn't really know quite what to expect. Certainly not one of the BEST plates of vegan mozzarella sticks I've ever had. We were on the road traveling and needed to stop for food near the city and lo, I found a vegan place on Yelp so we had to try it. It was a bit crowded and we were told we'd have to wait almost two hours for a table - understandably so, we found out. Instead, we opted to sit at the bar for dinner and our bartender/server was super friendly, so we had a great experience. I would recommend this place to anyone - the food is plentiful, flavorful, and appeals to meat eaters as well! We weren't exactly eating healthy here, but sometimes when you're on a trip, you need to hit up some serious greasy favorites. My mother (a vegetarian and lover of cheese) even enjoyed the fried and breaded daiya mozzarella sticks. Would definitely come in again on my way through Rochester.
Amazing food! They  have  an  excellent  vegan selection. My  favorite  dish  is  the  tofu Mac and cheese.  They  also  have  a creative/delicious brunch  on  the  weekends.
I do love Owl House but in a specific way.  The soup will never be at the right temperature, but it will be tasty.  In fact, anything that should be hot will probably be fairly warm...which gets me to my most important point.  Owl House is great for beer and cocktails and snacks and salads.  That's all reliable.  The sandwiches and tacos I've had are great too, assuming all the sauces get put on.  The appetizer specials are also reliable, though the flat bread thing is a little light on flavor and taste...it's just standard dough baked up with cheese, in my experience.  Get the house-made pickles, the cashews, anything app-y that seems like fun.  I've not been wrong about those things in multiple visits.  Obviously, I keep going back so they're doing many things well. Owl House is a creative and fun restaurant that seems to have a chronic problem with service.  Their creativity and fun might actually be the problem with getting food expedited out the kitchen at right time/with all components.  The style of food they serve is very reliant on having all the components or you have a dry sandwich or extremely bland snacks.  The special entrees seem interesting but I've never had a good experience with that or with brunch--I think they just don't get enough practice making and serving these foods.  Not that they should stop trying, but I hope someone reads this review and takes it seriously.  And if you're reading this, know that your customers want you to do more with local seasonal foods! Sometimes it's very loud, sometimes it's a bit too quiet and you can overhear diners at other tables.  So that can be awkward.  Definitely limit the size of your group if any of the above would really bother you. Expect servers to seem a little flustered.  The bartenders are a LOT of fun and I wish they'd stay open later just as a bar.
I gotta say, my New Year's Eve was delicious because of this place.  My forward-thinking BF made reservations, and they called to confirm them on the same day, as well as to let us know that the menu was prix fixe for the evening.  He said cool.  We were about ten minutes late for our reservation, and they were super nice about it.  We got a spacious table upstairs, right under a very quirky local painting.  We took pictures. For course numero uno, I got the sweet potato bisque, which tasted like heaven on a spring morning.  Whatever they put in it tasted fresh and sharp.  The Man got the salad with a candied walnut-encrusted goat cheese round.  It was delish as well.  Course two was smoked shrimp for him (fabulous) and a squash-filled puff pastry thing for me.  Both had enough flavor layers to be a raw onion, but tasted substantially better. The main meal was ahi tuna for him, orange-marinaded seitan for me.  Both were incredible.  We took pictures and basically spent the whole meal wishing that we could cook like that.  Then, after we were done wishing, we made shopping lists. For dessert, we didn't even bother with the thing that wasn't chocolate ganache.  The ganache was rich and perfect and surrounded on two sides by raspberry sorbet that was so strong it must have had 900 raspberries per square scoop.  I loved it. I also have a brand-new shiny pine nut allergy, and our waitress was super okay with running to the kitchen to check ingredients when I panicked at a mint-and-almond pesto.  Service: check. The nitty-gritty: small, European-style portions, but there were four courses, and I was stuffed.  I'll say it again- the food was excellent, subtle, and fresh out of the oven/off of the stove.  The damage was $40 per person; not bad for a four-course prix fixe.   I was scared when I moved from Boston that the vegetarian restaurant quality would plummet.  I'm so glad to have found a place of this quality in Rochester.
It was a pretty good place. Went with about 8 people. Had the lentil burger and was an interestingly nice flavor. The double chocolate brownie was OK, but I'm biased because i can make better ones homemade haha. I sampled the mozzarella sticks. The vegan cheese in it was weird to me (but on the burger it was much better for some reason), so it was so-so. The organic ginger edamame (they look like snow peas flavored in ginger and lemon) was nice. The others liked or loved their meals, including the coconut soup. Very friendly staff and accomodating. Food came in a timely manner and had awesome plate presentations. Just be sure to carry cash if going with more than 6 or so people (they can only split checks up to 6 people). And 18% gratuity is automatically included (don't know if they do that with less people in a party). Love the atmosphere with the various skull shots and funky paintings. Definitely the subject of discussion. There was a family or two there that seemed to be enjoying themselves, so looks like it's kid-friendly. But it was predominantly adults. Parking can be tricky on a Friday night. Your best bet is to park in the open lot at the end of the Marshall street strip (near the highway). I'd definitely go there again someday.  An occasional spot for me.
What a great place to eat if you are looking for a vegan or gluten free joint.  This place might look like a small house, but it has ample seating inside and out.  I have eaten here three times, and every time it has been busy, so make sure if you have a large group you make reservations. Portion sizes are just right.  Not too much, not too little.  Big flavor for vegan food.  I recommend trying not only the vegan diet for health reasons, but this joint for enjoyment reasons.  It's that little gem you never expected to find.  Check it out.
Very nice food. Interesting food combination and a good variety of selections for vegetarians. Cocktails are good too. A bit pricey but worth trying it.
The Owl House has been one of our favorites since it first opened, but we were actually pretty disappointed with the new menu, slightly higher prices, and one-dimensional beer list. We were sorry that several of our favorites are no longer on the menu, in particular the Buffalo Tempeh Sandwich. (This had been one of my favorite sandwiches anywhere in Rochester for the last several years.) For dinner the prices seemed a bit high: $15 for a rather small entree. It would be understandable if the higher prices came with improvements to the decor, for example, but that hasn't really been the case. Finally, I thought the beer list was a little boring: fine if you're into pale ales/india pale ales; not so great if you'd like a pilsner or a porter, say. It felt as if one person was ordering the beers, and they pretty much all had the same flavor profile. In the past the Owl House has been 5 or 4 stars. This visit was disappointing.
Visiting family for a few days, I finally stopped into The Owl House after reading about it on a few dining sites previously.  Like me, it seems to be predominantly vegetarian, but not exclusively so.  I came on a rainy Tuesday for lunch and was not disappointed.  The place is not big, but thankfully was not crowded.  I ordered the Beet Salad and the Kitchen Sink - a grilled tofu and vegetable sandwich on a baguette, with house-made potato chips.  The service was friendly and attentive, and the meal was tasty and satisfying.  Frequenting casual vegetarian places in NYC, I was pleased to find a Rochester equivalent to Candle Cafe, Blossom, Angelika's, etc... albeit not entirely meat free.  I wish them continued success, and will definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
My first time, and had a great meal there last night !    I shared two vegetarian entrees with a friend.  Food and service was top notch.  I will definitely be back soon !  We also had one the best waiters ever too.  He could not have been more friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  (The only small thing I noticed, was that they need to change the carpeting on the stairs.)
Definitely now one of our favorite places in Rochester.  We came with two friends with food allergies (shellfish and gluten respectively).  Service was prompt and knowledgeable and our waitress went out of her way to make sure our friends were taken care of.  We started with buffalo cauliflower "wings" and some real chicken wings.  Both were amazing. I had the halibut special which was PERFECTLY cooked with a sauce that was to die for, atop fingerling potatoes and asparagus. Everyone else reported that their meals were just as good.  Well worth the price for the service and food. We'll be back!
OK, so they recently changed their menu, and again I have to say that I'm SO impressed with this place!  Everything is just so delicious, the portion sizes are perfect and the price can't be beat. I highly recommend the Taco Town USA with smoked tofu-- it's such an amazing combination of flavors! And the Chocolate Mousse?  Om nom nom nom!
Salad Boy salad- so good. I love to go here if I want good quality, healthy food.
We have been to this restaurant a few times and before the Red Fern opened, one of a few options for vegan, gluten free dining. The Owl House is terrific if you are in mixed company with omnivores. I wish there were More vegan AND gluten free options, not just one or the other, but I understand they are trying to serve people with various dietary concerns. We ordered the squashed salad with the house smoked tofu, which is awesome. Some times they have smoked tofu tacos on the menu and I just love the flavor they are able to infuse in the tofu without sacrificing the texture. My fiancée ordered an eggplant and lentil entree. The eggplant was cooked to perfection and the flavors of the dish were well balanced and a perfect comfort food on a cold winter evening. We had a banana rum cheesecake for dessert and it was delicious. Not too sweet and the toasted pecans on top enhanced the flavor of the crust. One thing I really like about this restaurant is that they are constantly changing and updating their menu so even though some of our favorites have come and gone (smoked tofu tacos), I am hopeful they we will back on another update of the menu.
I've made some huge dietary changes in the past two months.  This place was beyond my expectations for vegan/ vegetarian.  As I look back on the food from that trip, this place and Sodom Korean are the two favorite meals.  Everyone here was very friendly.  Definitely a place to go.  Not a ton of seating, but they worked hard to get us in quickly and then treated us great.
Based on one lunch experience: The good: Fun location..its in a house! Inexpensive! Good beer selection for a small restaurant. The staff was friendly and the place was cozy. Nice selection for vegans and meat eaters.  The cocktails looked great and interesting but i didn't have any. Nice location tucked away from Monroe ave Now for the not so good: Fries were a too greasy, but still tasty. I got the big licky (pulled pork) sandwhich. It wasn't disgusting but it was certainly lacking and unexciting on the flavor profile. My mum got the Olek's buffalo stance which was better than what I had but still way to conservative with the flavors. Despite the three star rating, I would return, but maybe just for a few beers and cocktails; certainly not if I was looking for tasty treats
This has become one of my favorite places in Rochester! The cocktail selection is to die for. House made, and I believe organic. The best thing about this place is the grilled cheese of the day. A new and interesting grilled cheese every time I go. There isn't a bad thing on the menu. Great for happy hour or dinner. Also. friendly service and super laid back. Love how chill it is!
I definitely expected better. Service was so/so and the fact that they nickel and dime you is a very big turn off.  I don't mind paying extra for ordering extra, but let me know the charges are coming when I order, not when the bill comes. Food was only meh. I hate to say that because I was expecting so much. Ordered a steak and lentil soup. Lentil soup at Sinbads is better and you can easily find a better steak.   Coffee was cold too. I would be willing to try again, but being charged for a tiny side of ketchup and any other little thing is too much of a turn off for just average food. Sorry
It was awesome!
For starters, I am neither vegetarian nor vegan, but I'm close. To say that vegans/vegetarians cannot appreciate good food is not only insulting, but ignorant as well. Having said that, I still did not like the Owl House. I was so, so, so excited to try this place. Anytime I see veg options for traditional american favorites, I HAVE to try them. In addition, this is not far from home so I thought I had found my new favorite dinner spot when I'm in the mood for meatless cuisine. We started with a vegan appetizer (I believe they were called cigarillos but I no longer see on the menu). They were SO good! Service was good too. At this point I could not wait for our veg meatball/seitan sub (I'm not seeing this on the menu anymore either) and buffalo stance (tempeh) to come out...complete opposite experience :( The meatball sub flavor was on par, but they were seriously SO skimpy that every other bite was only bread and sauce. Considering the price -- actually any price -- was irritating... It's never fun to pay $9 for a bread sandwich. Unless you like bread sandwiches and you poop $9 dollar bills. The Buffalo stance was equally disappointing. We had read bad reviews on this particular sandwich but my boyfriend couldn't help but order it anyways (I'm sorry other buffalo stance reviewers; we should have listened to you): Hard block of tempeh dunked in hot sauce. Lastly, we split the avocado mousse for dessert. Coming from a dark chocolate lover, this was SO bitter we didn't finish it. The staff and kitchen were so accommodating that we didn't complain, but rather sucked it up and paid the bill. Our omni-friends had a little bit of a better experience, but not much. I really hate to write such a harsh review as I always appreciate veggie/vegan options, but it''s only fair.
Not sure how to rate it, I'm torn. The first two times we went were great, the last time not so much. There are tons of vegan options, that's awesome, and I've really had some good food here. I love that they have a kid's menu, and my son can actually eat from it! My son and I are vegan and my mom is an omni, and she has always come with us. They have really amazing vegan mozzarella sticks, the best I've ever had, and these things called cigarillos with seitan and daiya cheese. Both very greasy, but cooked well done and totally yummy. I'd say a good mix of healthy light food, and greasy comfort food. A lot to choose from for vegans, which is rare. Unfortunately the last time we went kind of ruined it for me. The waiter was the rudest server I have ever had in my entire life. We were shocked because we had always had great service here before. I think his name was Roberto or something. Maybe he was having a really horrible day, but I've been a server many times, and you have to try to put your shit aside and even fake being nice if you have to. I'm not saying I need a constant smile and a song & dance, just don't be so miserable that you make people so completely uncomfortable that they can't wait to leave. We ordered my son a kid's pizza with vegan cheese and it came with what was clearly regular cheese. We waited for the waiter to come back, (they weren't busy but this took a while,) and when he did I told him about the cheese mistake and he told me I was wrong. He assured me it was vegan and walked away. I am not an idiot or the kind of customer that looks for things to complain about. It didn't look like vegan cheese at all, it doesn't melt like that and it's not that color, and I even smelled it and could tell it was diary. My mom tasted it. It was dairy. I've been vegan for 8 years I think I can tell the difference. So as my son sat hungry and frustrated, we waited for him to come back again and told him this is definitely NOT vegan, and he totally ROLLED HIS EYES and took it back to the kitchen. My mom and I just kind of looked at each other stunned. He didn't even try to wait until he turned around to hide his annoyance, making us feel like "uh what did WE do wrong? They messed up our order!" and meanwhile my 2 year old grew more impatient and hungry. It's always a good idea to wait until you get back into the kitchen, or at least away from the customers, to roll your eyes or vent your annoyance with them. And we weren't even being annoying! If anything WE were being apologetic, when he should have been. He came back, says we were right, (duh,) blamed the kitchen and says in a nasty tone, "I wrote it right, the kitchen messed it up." No apology, no nothing. We could not wait to leave, it was so unpleasant. There were other little annoying, rude things he did but I'm not even going to list them. It was just bad service. I hope by now this guy has moved on to a job that makes him happier, and if we do decide to try the Owl House again next time we're in Rochester, we don't get such an absolute dick of a waiter. As a vegan, you always hope you can trust people when eating in restaurants that also serve dairy and meat, and this made me question the Owl House for the first time. I'm hoping this was an isolated experience.
The Owl House is possibly our favorite restaurant in Rochester.  The draught beer and wine selections are excellent, the cocktails are made with care and the food is wonderful.  The 2 things that most distinguish the Owl House are 1) the range of vegan, vegetarian and meat offerings that are all delicious and make the place feel welcoming for all types of folks and 2) the excellent service.  The waiters and bartenders have been without exception attentive, friendly and classy.  They make the place feel welcoming and sophisticated at the same time.  Well done, Owl House.  Hope it stays that way!
Great vegan mozzarella sticks. The sangria was very good.
Vegan*.  If you are vegan then maybe this is the place for you.  But its not gonna convert me.  I like vegetarian and vegan food from time to time, especially like the Falafel from Aladdin's or Pita Pit. But this place is all about recreating, so instead of milk in the desert its imitation.  Or instead of mayonnaise its an imitation.  And a poor imitation. I had heard good things and wanted to try it out as for health reasons I limit my meat intake but this place is over crowded and full of people who like to eat bad imitations because its hip. *They actually do serve meat, but have a huge aversion to dairy.  I'm sorry a great vegetarian dish to me is veggy lasagna with real cheese not poor imitation.
I went to the Owl House for brunch on sunday, and the huevos rancheros were absolutely out of this world.  I ordered the vegan version, with hash browns.  It was spicy chili, scrambled tofu, excellent bread, and a great creamy vegan dressing lightly drizzled on top.  I would eat this every day if I could.  A great way to start my day.
Want a hip place to take a date or a few friends? Look no further. The owl house has a regular menu which includes a lot of sandwiches and appetizers. They also have a daily menu which includes larger entrees. Since I usually order off of the daily menu, I've never had a repeat dish here. Part of the owl house experience is to be experimental with what you get. I've had everything from cocktails with micro-liquors imported from around the world, banana bread french toast, and blt's. I know The Owl House is popular within the Vegan and Gluten-Free community. However you do not need to fall into these categories to enjoy a meal here. The atmosphere is trendy casual. Great place for dinner or a Sunday brunch.
Don't let the name scare you, The Owl House is a cozy restaurant located off of Monroe Avenue that specializes in serving fresh local, organic and vegan dishes. I will admit that I let my Ornithophobia (fear of birds) stop me from trying this restaurant for some time, but when a friend asked me to check it out with the promise that no birds would be present, I agreed. My first experience was really refreshing. The Owl House provided food and drinks comparable to Good Luck Restaurant. Though more of a casual menu, the food options are plenty and can be prepared various ways to suit any dietary restrictions. The drinks are mixed perfectly by a friendly bar tender and though the bar space is small, it is quaint which makes the space feel cozy not cramped. I have been to the Owl House countless times since my first visit. I have tried almost everything on the Menu and have yet to be disappointed. As a vegetarian, I would have to suggest Olek's Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, which is made out of Tempah (soy beans) and smothered in hot sauce and bleu cheese on French bread, the  flat bread special (changes daily) is always a must and be sure to wash it all down with a Pimms Cup. The Owl House is great for brunch, lunch and dinner. It is a great place for a date or just a place to catch up with friends. The hipster staff tops off the décor and location of the restaurant.
It sounds soooo good, as if it's filling a niche that has been gaping wide and empty in Rochester. Sadly, though, Owl House leaves a lot to be desired for locavores and vegetarians alike. Both times I've been there the service has been very slow and there have been mistakes on the order. In fact, the first time I went there, they seated me and my companion 30 minutes after our reservation time, even though we arrived promptly. They also tend to under-season things but I think that might be a result of the style of their cuisine. Finally, if anything sounds like it might be intriguing or it might have too many ingredients, let me save you the suspense and tell you it will be the latter. Stick to simpler stuff that your friends have pre-tested for you.
I went there for Valentine's day. They had a fixed menu. The wine was ok but the food was very good. I liked the Mexican inspired menu, the beef cheek tacos were great and authentic ( I know, I'm Mexican). The place is small so reserve early for a weekend dinner.
Opens at 11 and we were the first ones there. We sat upstairs but you can sit outside or down by the bar too. Very casual atmosphere. Highly recommend their rosemary fries and their pork sandwich....die for! I've been told their cocktails are also very good too-but I have yet to try them. Will definitely go back!
Really amazing nachos! I'm a vegetarian and normally not a fan of tofu, but the tofu on the nachos was seriously delicious. The paninis are very good but, I thought the duck entree that my boyfriend ordered was way overpriced for what it was. However, there's a really great atmosphere there, and the waitstaff is very friendly!
Great nachos! Fish Tilapia Sandwich wonderful! Dessert too, jam bar yum!
Great drinks, (handmade, quality drinks with fresh ingredients), good beer selection and excellent food. I should point out (after all the vegans/veggies, etc., reviews that they serve some great meat dishes so omnivores - don't despair !
The food is pretty good here. The cocktails are really interesting, something you don't find too much of in Rochester. The service can be a little slow though, and parking is almost nightmare-ish. But the foods are worth it!
This place is really cute and has some interesting and fun dishes. We went for brunch and I had the migas. I thought they were great. My husband thought his was tasty but on the small side (I forget what he ordered). Others enjoyed their dishes and fancy drinks as well. Service was fast but I have to say the host was really weird. He has a policy of only having one point person when  you have a large party. That seems ok, but he kept choosing to talk to me instead of the designated point person and then getting annoyed when I responded to him. He also seemed to make thing more complicated than they needed to be. BUT that is a small gripe because he was still nice and we enjoyed our visit there.
This review is based on a brunch visit. I would like to come back for dinner, and to try the cocktails. The brunch was tasty, and we are normally meat eaters. The nachos were a different choice for brunch but very satisfying.
It's a really quaint and cute environment and it was definitely appealing when I first arrived. The drink menu was different and the beer list impressive. Props on that! The food menu was limited and though I've heard good things about the vegan/vegetarian options, it honestly wasn't as creative or impressive as I expected. We got a couple warm sandwiches that had sparse insides and the side salad was average. This seems like a cute start to a girls night out maybe for one cocktail, but I wouldn't plan anything extravagant at this location. For a date night, not my favorite....more of a friends place it seems.
OMG this place is a burst of flavor in your mouth! Best veggie place I have been in a while! Buffalo tempi sandwich was awesome. Waitress was so nice and not fake! They were great for my non-veggie wife too!
Always used to make trips from Buffalo to Rochester JUST to go to owl house. The vegan mozzarella sticks are amazing, as well as the vegan chocolate mousse. Totally worth a splurge once in awhile!
My favorite restaurant in Rochester.  Fantastic food.  Really, really affordable.  The Saigon sandwich is great--my wife loves the Veggie Burger.  The appetizers are like a work of art---happy every time I eat here or do take out.
This was a great place for a date night. Although it was more my style rather than my husband's, I think that we would come back here. The Owl House had an intimate atmosphere with smaller tables and dimmed lighting.  The food was quality, although my husband is more of a "quantity over quality" person, so he was not full after the meal (bacon-wrapped meatloaf - the bacon was also not cooked very much, so I think that threw him off a little as well). I was satisfied, but did finish my entire meal (ginger tofu). I ordered a sidecar, which was perfect, and my husband had a beer flight (taste five beers for $8 - not bad at all!). I love that they bring a personal glass bottle of water to the table and that mason jars are the cups. Great place!
I like them, food is light but delish!!
Back again 3-28-12, and another very good meal. Reservations are really essential even for a Wednesday night. It is really a plus to have good food for vegetarians, gluten-free and omnivores all in one place. The Nachos are yummy. Somewhat disappointed in the size and flavor of the Mint julep, it was small, mostly ice and lacked sufficient Bourbon, sugar, and mint in equal amounts. Otherwise, very good. If you can get a table upstairs, do so, as the downstairs is noticeably louder, to the point that it hampers conversation at times.
I really enjoyed my visit to the Owl House. The menu is full of interesting dishes, with lots of vegan and vegetarian options and off-beat combinations that you wouldn't often see. There is also a decent selection of wines and specialty beers for such a small restaurant. My companions and I split an order of vegan cigarillos. We wanted to get an order that was half vegan, half meat since I was the only vegetarian in the bunch, but our server told us it wasn't possible to do that. I found that odd since the cigarillos are individually wrapped tortillas with either buffalo spiced seitan and daiya cheese or buffalo chicken and real cheese. Luckily for us, though, the vegan version was delicious and satisfied even the meat eaters among us. For an entrée, I had the delicious Seitan Meatball sandwich. The small, seasoned meatballs were served on a wonderful, crusty Italian bread roll. The sandwich was liberally sprinkled with cheese (you can either get vegan or real mozzarella), but I would have liked some extra sauce for dipping. The meal was served with homemade potato chips, which were tasty but slightly oily. Food prices were very reasonable, with most items under $10, but a drinks bill could add up quickly. On the negative side, I tried my friend's smoked tofu platter with greens (a special of the day) and found it lacking in taste. It also had a peculiar smell, which was off-putting as the diner sitting next to her! A raspberry dessert that we split didn't do it for me, and frankly I found it nearly inedible. I also wasn't thrilled with the service. It took a long time each time we ordered drinks, though this may be a consequence of coming on a busy Saturday night. Trying to get recommendations from our server was also a non-starter. Every time one of us inquired about a menu item or drink, our server informed us that she was gluten-free (we heard this at least three times) and therefore had never tried it. It's totally understandable for someone to have dietary limitations, but a server should also be able to say something about a dish or point us to someone who does. Surely someone working in the restaurant has tried these dishes; maybe she could at least have referred us to someone knowledgeable enough to answer our questions or make a recommendation. Finally, when delivering my meal the server accidentally tipped my friend's plate and spilled juice from her braised tofu onto my potato chips. She pointed it out to me, but didn't offer to re-plate it or bring me new chips. I found that unprofessional. If it were meat juice that spilled on my vegetarian plate, would I have been offered a new dish? Overall, though, I was really intrigued by the menu and would like to go back and try something else next time I'm in town. If the Owl House can improve service a little and upgrade its facility (a broken toilet and broken floorboards were minor irritations as well), it could be a five-star meal.
Awesome place. They have a gluten free menu & a vegan menu. We had the devils on horseback. Yum!!!! For lunch I had the pork sandwich with gluten free bread. Husband had the Rosemary fries & BLT sandwich. We were happy eaters! Service is good & atmosphere is laid back. If I lived closer, I would definitely return...often. Almost forgot, we had the chai cheesecake & pumpkin pie (both were gluten free & vegan). Meh, I have had better.
One of my favorite places to eat in Rochester. Excellent food and great beer selection. The house atmosphere is very cozy-- a great place for a first date.
This is my new favorite vegan-friendly spot!!! The Buffalo Stance Sietan Sandwich is delicious. The desserts are very creative and the atmosphere is very nice. Loved it!
Love that this restaurant serves exclusively cage-free eggs! Plus they have an amazing veggie and vegan menu!
Great little restaurant with a good selection on the menu.  Awesome draught options, too!  The food was well prepared and fresh.  Proportions were perfect.  Service was friendly.  There was some blandness in some of the side dishes.  I also wish they offered fish that was not fried.  Their sandwiches look delicious, but I would have preferred more entree options for dinner.  Also, they ran out of most of their desserts the night I was there, which was a bummer.  Nice atmosphere, good for a small group of people or a date.  There is plenty for the non-vegan, gluten-full person!
Great food! Whether you're going for vegetarian or standard American cuisine you'll enjoy the food. Service was a little slow and that may be due to what looks like a small kitchen for the size of the restaurant but overall it was good. I would definitely eat here again and recommend it to anyone who's interested. Also make a reservation as they book quickly.
Tasty dishes and vegitarian friendly. The specials are always worth it. The drinks are great. Also a wonderful place for brunch!
The atmosphere is good, staff is friendly. The first visit was better than the second. The Duck was tuff and my friends Steak was undercooked. I still would recommend the place, although drinks are a little pricey.
Thanks Yelp -- we would never have found this place without this app. On business in Rochester and looking for a nice place for lunch. Delightful and delicious. Would definitely recommend!
This place has been open for quite some time but I've never been here until recently. This restaurant offers vegan and gluten free options. I ordered a tempeh dish partnered with a spicy jasmine rice and bok choy. I found the rice to be too spicy and over powering for the dish but the tempeh was citrus flavored and very good. My only complaint regarding this restaurant is that the tables are very close and the space is limited so it gets very loud.
Finding good places to eat out in Rochester as a vegan can be challenging, but when restaurants like The Owl House pop up, life is good! The food is creative,carefully prepared and above all, delicious! Their drinks are top notch and the staff is always super nice and helpful. I am really hoping that their good graces will be catching in this city and inspire more restaurants to go in this direction. Thanks, Owl House!
I know I'm in the minority, but I have been to Owl House twice and have been disappointed in the food both times. While I highly commend Owl House for their vegan and GF offerings, the service was inexplicably slow both times I went, and the food was surprisingly awful. I ordered a simple tofu scramble this morning with shredded potatoes. The potatoes were burned and cold when they arrived, and the tofu scramble was so overly spiced that I could barely stomach more than a few bites. Let me qualify that by stating I'm an adventurous eater and I love all sorts of spices, however, the flavor on this scramble was overwhelming and confusing.
Awesome place. Great ambience, food and a wonderful bar. We had the buffalo cauli, baked cauliflower in buffalo sauce, followed by a chilled cucumber avocado soup that was just perfect for a hot summer day. For the main course, my wife had the Arctic char cooked to perfection and I had the mac and quack, mac and cheese with duck sausage. It was a magnificent meal!!
I went to The Owl House for the first time last weekend with my parents to celebrate my birthday and it did not disappoint!  As a vegetarian and gluten-free, it can often be hard for me to find things to eat.  That was not a problem at The Owl House - I had plenty of options.  We got the fries and spicy shrimp for appetizers - the fries were great and those who had the shrimp said it was really good too.  I got the ginger tofu dish (with the rice warmed, apparently the standard is to serve it cold!) and it was really good.  I liked the unique blend of flavors and that it was a vegetarian dish that wasn't boring.  I also got the specialty cocktail of the night and it was delicious - also very strong!  Everyone else I was with said their dish was tasty as well - we had the Cobb salad, a sandwich, and the pork.  Our server, Donny, was great too.  I'll definitely be returning when I'm back in town!
I love, love, love the Owl House. Amazing quality, unique food, great selection of vegetarian and vegan entrees. As a vegetarian it has been my experience that most restaurants lack more than a couple of veggie choices - leaving me no choice but to order the same thing each time. The Owl House has a diverse menu and great daily specials that are always changing as well. In terms of drinks, I have never ordered a cocktail but the beer selection is always superb. Friendly staff, great atmosphere.
Such a bummer...menu has changed, portions are smaller, prices higher and many of the delicious "stand by" items no longer available. We ate their last Tuesday night and as regular customer, I can say that if it was my first visit, I would not return, took almost 50minutes to get our food, waitress was non attentive...not the Owl House we have always loved and enjoyed. Bummed.
The host refused to seat us at a larger table because they 'like to save them for the larger parties'.   The restaurant was EMPTY!   It was still empty when we left.   Poor customer service.
I travel to Rochester for work often and I was so happy to find this vegan-friendly restaurant.  I was surprised to find how busy this place was on a Tuesday night, so I would recommend making a reservation through OpenTable before heading over there.  I tried the kale and butternut squash soup which was good, but the real winner was the vegan banh mi type sandwich on crusty French bread.  So tasty!  I tried the bread pudding for dessert, but it was a bit too sweet and not the texture I would have preferred (more bread-y, less pudding-y), so I would pass on that next time.  Service was super friendly, but a bit on the slow side.  Probably just because the place was so packed.  I'll definitely be back though.
My husband requested a dinner at the Owl House for his birthday and I happily obliged!  I like that it's located in a homey little two story house on quiet Marshall St off of the hustle and bustle of Monroe Ave.  In the summer, you can also sit out on the back patio which is pretty sweet.  Given my love of signature cocktails, I always peruse their drink list upon arrival and start off with a tasty adult beverage.  On this particular night I went for the ginger mint julep made with house made ginger syrup.  It was smaller than I had hoped but delicious nonetheless and STRONG.  My husband started with the tater tot special which consisted of four house made tots the size of large marshmallows served with some kind of aioli.  It was spectacular!  I had a deliciously fresh winter salad that included gorgonzola cheese, pears and candied pecans....YUM!  For dinner I had the BLT and hubby had the steak sandwich, both served on artisanal bread with house made chips.  Sadly, we skipped desert as we had to make it to a movie but as I recall, several options I saw others enjoy looked quite appealing.  In my opinion, Owl House is the perfect option if you are looking for creative yet simple and lovingly prepared food in a warm and cozy atmosphere without breaking the bank.  Bring your friends!!
What a find. Although most dishes were available "normal" or vegan, I seemed to overhear the majority of people ordering the vegan versions. I had a tofu scramble and wasn't disappointed - it was delicious. In fact, all of the brunch options looked amazing. We'll definitely be going back.
I was visiting from out of town to meet two of my best friends.  Fresh off my flight I was so hungry, we went here for lunch and ended up getting the brunch they serve until 3pm on weekends.  It's in a regular house that's been turned into a restaurant.  I had the eggs in a nest with eggs cooked inside the hole of sourdough bread slices with a nice salad on the side.  We shared a yummy chocolate chip waffle with granola and honey for "dessert."  I thought the food was good but felt they used too much mayo on things for a place that offers gluten-free and healthy items.  They were also out of a couple of items/ingredients so that is why I am giving them only 4 stars.  Solid place for a good meal.
From the moment my friend Jill and I entered The Owl House we felt nothing but warmth and welcome...a great way to start a meal in my book; all be it we were having our "brunchy comfort" food cravings.  The menu and wait staff from Storm the bartender to our server Charles both lead us to a happy ending.  The meal began with what some call "migas" a delicious dish when translated from Spanish to English means crumbs.  These migas were far from crumbs...a wonderful and fresh guacamole paired with light scrambled eggs and a black bean salsa, complete with fresh baked nacho chips...all that was left were crumbs!  Our entrees were spectacular, we both had the duck confit mixed with fingerling potatoes, carrots and secret (shhh) spices; the warm accompaniment of sliced sourdough bread was perfect.  The duck done just the way it should be while the root veggies balanced the flavor of the duck well.  Throughout our entire meal we drank fresh white peach bellinis...might I add the only ones found in Rochester!!!  I personally, would highly recommend The Owl House in Rochester, NY to anyone with a flair for adventure and flavors.
good food and good service considering i'm not vegan, nice selection of draft beer. moderately priced menu. i plan on going back and bringing some friends.
I was lured in by the promise of vegan mozzarella sticks, which turned out to be just okay. I will go back over and over because it's a great atmosphere and the moroccan stew that was on special was great. The desserts were all vegan and they had an awesome cocktail list. Can't wait to bring vegan and non vegan friends there =]
The drinks, beer list, and appetizers are good, but the entree's have been average at best the two times I had dinner there.  I would recommend going for drinks and eats.
I had been really looking forward to trying the Owl House after a recommendation months ago and finally made it there today. It was a nice day so we sat outside.  Cute outdoor eating area.  This restaurant is in an old house next door to an apartment building and there was a woman shouting obscenities on her apartment porch next door.  That was a mood killer.  Not the fault of the restaurant though, of course.  Service was so slow.  3 of us were eating and none of us were happy.  We started with the house pickles and they were not at all good.  Husband had the fish tacos and said they were simply "edible".  I had the buffalo seitan sandwich.  How could this not be bursting with flavor?  It was like a slab a seitan that had been dry rubbed and not cooked.  I was fully expecting seitan in a buffalo style sauce. It was supposed to come with blue cheese dressing on it but mine had what seemed like a very watered down version of a blue cheese with a bit of buffalo-like flavor.  Not very good.  Child had matty's moustache, which is supposed to be melted brie with pears and apples.  Her sandwich had barely melted (in the middle, not melted anywhere else) brie with 3 slice of apple and no pear.  Since the brie was not adequately melted, the apple fell right out and onto the floor upon first bite.  Overall, none of us have any desire to ever go back.
