Love the Pho. I would return here again. The service is okay, they basically leave you be (which I prefer). I enjoyed the bubble tea, not the best I've ever had, but it was still very good. A little pricey, not terrible though. I've definitely seen way worse. All In all its a good little place. I will be returning in the future.
We did take out...so I really can't say anything about the service, etc. Menu/selections were what you'd expect...prices were lower actually. Location....meh, not so much. Quality/taste: good for the area, but great? No. I'll return for the full on dining experience and update, if nec.
Just moved here and looking for some great Vietnamese noodle bowls with the grilled meat (Bun thit nuong cha gio). They had the dish but it was not even close to what I had hoped for. I had them sub the chicken for the pork and it included shrimp but the meat wasn't grilled at all. The chicken wasn't even warm, just reminded me of chopped up left over chicken. The bowl had the rice noodles and traditional vegetables but it was nothing special. The peanut sauce was way too thin and flavorless. The fried spring rolls were ok but everything lacked flavor, it was a huge disappointment. I am so missing my favorite Pho place back in Colorado! I don't think I will be back to this place, my quest to find a good Vietnamese place is going to be a challenge.
Was craving some pho so we decided to try this place. We got the house sampler (shrimp puff, spring rolls, egg rolls). We also got a taro bubble tea and crispy tofu! #39 (pho) was good but it could use more meat! Overall was pretty good and will probably come back here again for more pho and the egg rolls!
Called to order beef with rice, told me there's only two kinds, brought home it was ridiculously overpriced not to mention it's not even the one I wanted, waiter was nice, was willing to let me take it back and change it, went back there was the third kind of beef with rice, was going to exchange it, but the owner was all upset at me, started saying shit to me, got my money back and left, don't know why the owner gave me the attitude, I didn't go back for my $10 for him to give me attitude
First time getting Pho in Florida and I must say I was surprised on how good the pho was! I've eaten pho in Hawaii, California, and Las Vegas and I must say this is pretty authentic! Good service and good quality food right in brevard county!
While at the nail salon the Chinese worker actually mentioned this restaurant having good Vietnamese food. He's married to a Vietnamese woman. Food was decent in taste and price. I tried tofu with spices and white rice, little on the salty side. Very simple but maybe next time I will actually eat Pho. The place was busy. Not fancy but clean. I was seated right under a loud flat screen TV while a football game was playing. It took at least 15 mins just to acknowledge me for drinks. Second chances are my thing. I'll try only once more.
After living in NYC for years pho became a winter ritual with me and bahn mi became a summer habit. Finding this place in Melbourne was great. The pho is on point and the spring rolls are to die for. Easy, simple and tasty. Definitely a favorite in the area!
I really like this place. My family and I have been going here for years, ever since it has opened. Growing up in a Vietnamese household and eating at all the Vietnamese-concentrated U.S. cities (e.g. NOVA/DC, Houston, Orlando, anywhere in Cali), I feel safe to say that this is the best Vietnamese restaurant IN THE AREA. Mind you, there have only been like 5 restaurants in the Palm Bay/Melboure area that have actually existed, and most of them closed within the first 3 years of business. This place has been here for at least 5 years, which must say something I'm not already alluding to, i think. The restaurant is one of the nicer "hole in the wall" feels. Think standard Vietnamese restaurant you see in one of the above cities I mentioned. Fairly plain, the tables and chairs aren't anything special to look at, but the smell of good pho is in the air. The place is family-owned, and they do have a few waitstaff that do everything. And if you are irked at their service, let me tell you that it is actually MUCH better than the typical Asian restaurant where the waitstaff constantly ignores you. Their food is pretty good, portions are sizable, the food comes out quick (no longer than 15 minutes from ordering). They offer all of the base dishes (pho, thit nuong/grilled pork, hu tieu). What amazes me is that they also offer Bun Cha Ha Noi, which is a dish that I find hard to come by at restaurants even in the mecca of great Vietnamese eats- NOVA/DC and SoCal. And it is a dang good one to boot. After trying that dish in Ha Noi almost 10 years ago, I have been desperately trying to find a restaurant that makes it well. Luckily, this restaurant has it.. Awesome. I have only had their traditional vietnamese dishes- pho, grilled meats, etc. I've never tried their weaker or non-Vietnamese dishes (e.g. chicken curry). They specialize in Pho, so for first timers or non-adventurers, their pho is their best bet. They also serve bubble tea and Vietnamese sweet dessert drinks (e.g. che ba mau). Come here if you want an above average Vietnamese dining experience and don't want to drive all the way to Orlando. You won't be disappointed.
I had the Combo Pho with everything in it, added some meatballs, and I was a happy camper.  Food was quick, and tasted great.  This isn't as good as a lot of the Viet shops I have been in, but for the area I was pleased.   Spring Rolls were great, peanut sauce was good (not enough)...but I am a heavy dipper.  I will return the next time I am in town. NO AMEX :(
All pho-king jokes aside ... When i'm in the mood for something lighter, refreshing, yet not feeling like rabbit food, i get some vietnamese food. Love coming here for pho or bun. These dishes tend to satiate my appetite without making me feel like i've eaten something heavy and greasy. When you first arrive at this restaurant, standard protocol is usually seat youself anywhere in the dining area off to the left (east side). this area is like a solarium with windows curving to the ceiling (see pho-to). Tables and chairs are old without a lot of frills. this is the reason to deduct one star in this review. The restaurant does have a tv hanging at one end of the room. To keep bordom at bay. But i barely look up at it. Ordered shrp wraps to start. Crunchy and made better with the sweet and sour dipping sauce. Main course for me was bun, a mix of noodles, bean sprouts, shredded lettuce, ground peanuts and some grilled meat ... In my case meat = chicken. Some more sweet and sour sauce on the side and some chopped scallions to top it off. It seems sensible that this light type of meal comes out of southeast asia. I am not really a world traveler, but i would assume the climate in the region that spawned this dish is balmy, like Florida. In terms of eating this meal,  I like pouring the sauce right on and digging in. I tend to grab some noodles, lettuce, bean sprouts, and chicken ... then repeat with the occasional chopped peanuts finding its way in there somewhere. Its all served in a bowl, so no worries about making too much of a mess. Overall, Prices are reasonable, food is fresh and tasty, and wait staff is knowledgeable about the menu.
What the pho!?!? Absolutely terrible service. Ordered the pho and they served me the smallest portion of noodles I've ever had in pho. Not only that but it took 35 minutes for the pho to come out!! Finally they didn't even have bean sprouts. I would not recommend this place to anyone, check out the other pho places in town.
Great Pho! Very authentic whole in the wall place. Definitely worth it to go! The only place I like better is Pho 88 in Orlando.
I have to admit, unlike most best-kept-secret hoarding foodies, I have a tendency to be a drug pusher for good food. Always convincing friends to try places that I've known and loved, just to get them as hooked as I am. I made this realization with the almighty Pho Cali. I've been coming here since I was 15 years old. One of those places dad would always take me to when we had a reason (excuse) to make the 45min drive, from town to town, and pass on his version of a "family secret". Since then, years later, I've introduced a half dozen friends to the wonders of this hidden temple of Vietnamese cuisine, and there isn't a month that goes by that I don't hear one of them whining about their insatiable "cravings" for it... 100% honest truth. No sensationalism whatsoever.  I've yet to figure out if I'm proud of that or not. When you first walk in, you're (more than likely) introduced to "Bolo", an intense (yet surprisingly reserved) old oriental waiter who not only looks like he's killed a man, but is the secret long-lost father of that one massive guy Van Dam made tap out in "Bloodsport". I've yet to ever know his real name, nor would I ever want to, and it's my guess that he is the owner, because he's almost always there. He'll sit you down, grab your drinks (their water is kind of off tasting, probably because it comes with lime wedges) and then waits on the side till you're ready to order. Yes I know, I skipped out on describing the inside of the place. If you've seen one generic Chinese/Asian restaurant before, you've seen them all. Other than the plasma TV placed in the back, you can imagine the rest on your own. Rolling marble ball in a cheap Buddhist themed fountain, pictures of cranes and huts, blah blah, woof woof. NOW ONTO THE FOOD! The menu is long, numbered, descriptive, named in both Vietnamese and English. Comprised to mainly dishes served with rice, in bowls with chilled vermicelli noodles, random options like sandwiches and traditional Chinese fare, and their infamous pho. Pho (noun, Vietnamese origin): A crap ton of whatever meat, chicken or seafood you pick, thrown in with a crap ton of veggies and noodles, along with herbs and condiments to fling in whenever you feel frisky. Submerged in the most incredible broth ever made, and served in a huge bowl that seems to laugh at your futile attempt to find the bottom of it. Few establishments can have their signature dish truly live up to the name it has been given in the sign outside the front door. This is one of those. Along with their amazingly fresh, chewy spring roll appetizers, awesome bubble tea smoothies, strangely delicious shrimp sausage and their sweet Vietnamese dipping sauce that you'll end up drenching over everything and asking for more. Even better? Most of it barely hits over $8, let alone $10. I've said enough for now, and I have to hold back from saying anymore. This place was one of those gems that got me into truly loving food, and it's potential effect on people. Hopefully this review will get even more people hooked, and remind others to get their bimonthly fix. From one addict to the next, Enjoy!
Very authentic pho!  I recently spent a long time in Los Angeles where I fell in love with pho, then coming to Florida, I thought I would be without it.  I was surprised to find that Pho Cali can hold it's own against any other pho restaurant that I have ever visited in China Town, Little Tokyo, Korea Town, and even Little Saigon.  Don't be afraid to explore the entire menu until you find your favorite! Great for a quick lunch, dinner, or hang over cure in the mornings.  I recommend starting with a #9 and bowl of #39!
There aren't a lot of Pho restaurants in Melbourne...however Pho Cali delivers. Good selection of Pho blends of beef, chicken or vegetarian.   The Pho broth is spot-on nice blend of star of anise, cinnamon and other fun stuff. Lots of noodles, cilantro and the portion is huge. I couldn't finish my lunch and I gave it a pretty good shot.  They also provide some bean sprouts, basil and lime to add to the soup. I do wish that they had supplied a little more side items to throw in but it didn't take away from the experience. Also ordered a couple of orders of shrimp and pork rolls, fresh, nice size and pretty tasty peanut sauce. I brought a couple of Pho newbies, they were  impressed and said that they would return with friends for another visit.   Good sign!
I am an avid foodie, and I have to say this is the best Oriental food I've had in the Brevard area.  Have driven by many times, and finally decided to stop for lunch.  After one visit, I'm hooked, this will be a weekly lunch destination for me.   My daughter (age 7) had Wonton Soup, which had a light broth (not the overly-salty stuff you get at Chinese Takeout), carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, and four or five delicious Wontons.  Wrapped in a delicate wrapper (not the thick wonton noodles you are used to) and with a tasty pork filling. My wife and I both had the Pho, which is a Vietnamese rice noodle dish, served in an extremely flavorful beef-based broth.  Seasoned with Cilantro, Scallions, and probably countless other spices, the broth was sublime.  Beef was very tender, and the rice noodles nice and light. Lunch specials were $6-$9, as were most of the Pho dishes. If you like Chinese / Mandarin food, give Pho Cali a try.  It's very similar, but cooked authentically, not the typical salty / msg-laden / goopy fare you'll find at Chinese Buffets and Take Outs.
We missed this place since it's hidden in a strip mall, had to make a U-turn to go back. Anyway, the whole garden is kinda nice gives you this patio feel. Staff were friendly and a great selection of Pho and other dishes. Two ladies in my party got #39 and #41, both Pho noodle bowl, they all loved it and said it was full of flavor, more noodle and soup's great too. I had #17 which was the lunch special, the sea food with veggies and rice, it also came with egg drop soup, it was pretty good, although I wish it had more veggies! My adopted dad got the pork+rice and he enjoyed it as well. I found this through yelp and thought I'd check it out since other Yelpers gave it decent review, pretty accurate!
Located in a small, 1986 strip plaza, Pho Cali was my first Pho experience.  Zach R. nailed the description, and managed to mention my favorite aspect of the restaurant: the server, whom we shall call "Bolo." He may have been cast in several hundred movies as the generic villain.  Long hair, squared jaw, and the ability to sever a human head bare-handed.  He serves, then lies in wait, watching, and I do mean WATCHING.   As soon as your glass drops to 25% capacity, he makes a bee line for your table, refilling, then dropping back to the shadows once more.   He is mostly quiet, but when I ordered two soup-like items, his anger roared: "Why you have soup for appetizer and meal? Get Spring roll, or egg roll!!!!" It only made me like him even more.  Good suggestion, too, those spring rolls were fantastic and chewy.  They may appear as though they are wrapped in a condom, but they're not!  Everything on the menu is a new experience.  I'm looking forward to a return trip. "Bolo" excluded an item from my bill, but instead of correcting him, I tipped a larger amount.  Upon departure, he bowed to us several times while clasping his hands.  This guy is awesome.
So Pho King good! Delicious Vietnamese cuisine - with vegetarian and meat-a-vore options. Want to eat like a native? Ask for chopsticks - they're provided on request. Can't finish that enormous bowl of Pho? Simply ask for a container. Best for a party of 1-4.
On my first visit, I thought this place was great. The food was good, and although our English-speaking server was replaced with one who spoke no English after the food came, it wasn't that big a deal. (I think the non-English speaking server is the owner), Second visit- food was still good, but the non-English speaking waiter was really starting to get to me, especially when we were trying to order dessert. Either the English-speaking waiter had left, or the non-English speaking waiter would not call him. So we gave up on dessert, but things didn't get really bad until we got up to leave. The waiter started pointing at the chair and saying something unintelligible. We looked, thinking that my friend had forgotten her purse or something. Apparently my friend had spilled something on the chair seat. Most waiters would have waited until the guest left and cleaned the chair. Not this one. He brought towels and stood over my mortified friend like a drill seargeant untl SHE cleaned it. Yes, the food is good. But nothing excuses such terrible customer service. I'm not planning to go back.
I foolishly skipped breakfast today and was pretty hungry on my drive from Orlando home.  I luckily found this place and had (what else?) the Pho Ga. it was all good.  My only issue would be the menu says, 'white meat' and I didn't specify but mine had some dark meat in it which is really how Pho should be but it just isn't my bag... Gotta stop here more!
Pho and noodle bowls are the perfect food for a hot day. Nothing like sweating while you're eating to cool you off. There was only one size per pho dish.  I'm used to pho shops having a small, medium or large order of their pho dishes. Portion-wise I'd say the bowls at Pho Cali were medium sized. The soup came out hot, which is always a good sign. Nothing worse than getting a bowl of pho luke warm. And don't worry, sriracha sauce was provided right there on the table. The prices were reasonable, but a bit expensive for my tastes. In California, my meal of pho and Vietnamese egg rolls would not have exceeded $10. The pho itself was fairly average, but I'm just happy that this place even exists in Brevard county.
A great place to go for pho, centrally located in Melbourne.
Very nice restaurant with very authentic food.  The seafood Pho was great. The prices are very reasonable.
I got some chicken curry. It was ok at best. The portion size was generous but I didn't take the extra home as I just didn't enjoy it enough to want the rest. I will not be going back.
Well, let's start the review of OUR lack of portion control....we had NO idea about the portion sizes other than the standard pho bowl. We had decided to share a bowl of Beef Pho with beef balls and try the Crispy Duck with an appetizer of the Pork-Shrimp pancakes.  The waitress kinda looked at us funny because Pho is normal for one, but she obliged us.  The Pho broth was very light, delicate and very good.  Even after sharing, we still took home another serving. The Crispy Duck was EXCELLENT.  But, be prepared to have half a chopped duck served to you.  You'll have to pick through bones to enjoy the flavorful meat, but the it is very good. I never have tried Vietnamese pancakes, this too was excellent.  The waitress was kind enough to instruct us how to assemble our appetizer since we had no clue.   We finished the dinner off with a mango and coconut bubble teas.  Another new treat, and so refreshing for such a filling meal!   The total 'damage' for this HUGE meal only set us back $35!!  We both concluded if we ever returned to Melbourne, we'd definitely return here.  But, knowing what we do now, we'd stick to only order an entree or appetizer for each, due to the large portion sizes.
Enthusiastic staff, remarkably nice (& clean) digs (especially for a low-key Vietnamese restaurant), and super-crazy-extensive menu.  This place is now called Pho Cali, but it has the same phone number and everything -- so I assume that it might be the same place but with a new name. I had the cha gio (fried spring rolls), and they were tasty although a little on the sweet side.  I ordered the bun bo hue, or the spicy beef noodle soup, which actually had a lighter broth than I'm used to, which was fine by me.  They gave me a side of extra sweet-hot chili oil sauce to make it as spicy as I wanted to.  It was good but it did not compare to the pho.  The pho broth was phenomenal.  It was light and almost more roasted chicken broth-y instead of oxtail beef broth-y, and you could really taste all the different spices in the soup -- cinnamon, anise, lemongrass, cilantro, shallot...  There was a little more sweetness than I'm used to, but not sweet like hu tieu broth is sweet.  I much prefer a broth like this than one that is super beefy and heavily spiced with MSG.  Pho Cali's food was well-seasoned but also tasted like it was all MSG-free (and we didn't get sleepy even though we ate 'til we nearly burst, so that's a sure sign as well).  I've had a lot of pho in my 30-some years, but I've never had a pho broth quite taste like this one.  It's a little different, but full of aromatic herbs and delicious. Almost all the clientele at a Sunday lunch were Asian, but of different Asian ethnicities.  Two Indonesian women, a family with a Vietnamese father and a Chinese mother, four girls that were either Thai or Laotian, another Chinese guy who arrived to pick up his order, and two Japanese guys. Because it tastes more home-cooked than super MSG savory, I actually prefer this over any Vietnamese food I've had in South Florida.  Who would have thought I'd find something this tasty just while passing through on the way back home after the space shuttle launch?  I just searched for "pho" in Melbourne on Yelp, and this place was the only one listed that was open on Sunday.  Jackpot!
I ate here twice this week. The first time all I had was Pho...not so bad...but no more than a 3 star dish. I eat a lot of Vietnamese food in CA at a variety of restaurants and know how it is when it's really good. My husband wanted to go again last night and of the 4 things I had, none were satisfying or even good. The Pho wasn't as good as last time, the salad with shrimp and pork was tired with no charm at all. The quail was not at all good and my husband's noodle dish with pork was downright nasty. I barely ate any of it. I think they are trying to do too many things there. They offer Chinese dishes. That is generally a red flag for me. If you don't know good Vietnamese food you might find it okay.
Love Pho Cali! Definitely try the Vietnamese Egg Roll and also the Taro Bubble Tea! I still haven't narrowed down my favorite entree as of yet because everything I have tried thus far has been amazing.
Best Vietnamese Pho (noodles, lot's of beef, or shrimp, or chicken, and a deliciously aromatic broth) in Brevard. The spring rolls are very good - more meaty than veggies which, is a nice change. Simple atmosphere and good food.
If you have never experienced Vietnamese food and living in Melbourne than this is the place.  Unfortunately, we gave up good ethnic foods to move to Melbourne, therefore the food for anyone with experience will find Pho Cali to be adequate as Taco Bell is to Mexican food.
Great pho. Pancake app is amazing. Bubble tea for dessert to finish you up.
Just stopped by for lunch and was totally blown away. Lunch specials are under $10 and come with soup of the day and an entree. I chose the beef short ribs over rice with fish sauce on the side. The soup today was sweet and sour which was very good and the entree was absolutely delicious. The short ribs with the rice just went perfectly together with the fish sauce. I am a big fan of fish sauce. Again another great experience here at Pho Cali.
Love the Pho! Generous portions for low price! Had a great lunch experience, will stop in again to try dinner.
Just like any other Vietnamese restaurants, Pho Cali is a casual place where many local and regular customers come here to enjoy Vietnamese food.  The food is good.  The price is reasonable.  If you're a Vietnamese, don't expect this to be the same as Little Saigon area in California.  They have Pho, Com Tam, Mi .... My friend and I go here very often.  I highly recommend Cha Ca Thang Long (grilled Talapia on a hot iron plate). For those who think this place is not good enough, be my guest and drive another hour to crowded Orlando.  I love this location since it's not too far from I-95.
Excellent Pho and appetizers! I just moved from RI. So happy to find a place with authentic Vietnamese Pho. Warning - the portion sizes are large so you can probably do either appetizers or Pho. I will be going back often!
Went here for dinner! Very authentic! I had never had Pho before Yum! My boyfriend got something with Tripe & really loved it!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! My mom introduced me to Pho Cali a few months ago even though we  have been driving right past this hidden gem for years. To be perfectly honest....I'm hooked. The Pho and noodle bowls are fresh and full of wonderful flavor. This place can rival the Vietnamese restaurants I have eaten at when I lived in NYC. And that says a lot considering we are talking about Melbourne, which is home to a vast wasteland of chain restaurants
Went here around 230pm and service was fast.  We had the fresh spring rolls, the fried spring rolls and the pork and shrimp pancake for apps.  All were delicious.  I had the pho with flank and round steak, as usual, the bowl was HUGE.  The pho was delicious, and the service was great.  And contrary to earlier reviews, I think they've redecorated cause the place was really cute, with a nice mural on the wall.  Definitely recommend this place for good Vietnamese.
If you haven't been because you think you don't like Vietnamese food its because you never tried !! In doubt ask they never steered my wife or mother in law wrong (both are very picky eaters) and personally you cant go wrong with any of their pho' bowls. Delicious light and full of flavor !!!
The food is great and very authentic. The flavors are unique and very tasty. I had the #6 Spring Roll app and #56 Seafood with White Noodle Soup! My friend had a stirfry beef entree with a very yummy sauce! The place is a total hole in the wall, but worth the adventure!
Delicious food, huge portions and some of the best customer service we've ever experienced. Extremely attentive staff. After reading Heathers review I was taking steps to police our area a little bit and the waiter insisted I leave it to him. I got the namesake soup with steak and my wife got the chicken on fried rice. Both loved it and will go back.
As authentic as it gets!  I am surprised to find such a high quality Vietnamese restaurant in this area!  The Pho was great!  The broth in it was very flavorful.  The 1/2 roasted duck was also a winner.  Everything we ordered we enjoyed.
I had the Pho with shrimp and it was great. This was my first time having it and I had carryout. When I got home, I noticed all the veggies and the noodles were separate. I just did a google search to see what I was supposed to do and tried to eat it all at one sitting which is a no can do. I had the first bowl at lunch, another bowl at dinner and then another bowl the next day as well. They give you so much for your money. e
Just returned from eating at Pho Cali. I was impressed with the reviews I had heard, and had never had pho before, so my 14 year old daughter and I decided to try it out. The restaurant itself was unassuming, tastefully decorated, with a small dining area with approximately 10 four person tables with glass tops. We glanced over the menu, which was vast, and decided to go with the Vietnamese egg rolls for an appetizer, and for entrees, I ordered the pho beef (Pho Chin) and my daughter ordered the pho with meatballs (Pho Bo Vien). Our egg rolls came with a sweet chili sauce for dipping. The pho arrived in giant bowls, make sure you come hungry! We were not disappointed, the soup was excellent. However, there was so much left over, we took most of my daughter's pho home (they have to-go soup bowls!). For the price (about $7-8 for a bowl of pho), you get a massive amount of food. We'll definitely be returning. This would be an excellent place for lunch on a cool day.
We were sadly disappointed. We've been to the Pho's in California and it was our favorite Vietnamese place. This place was nothing like our old place. This place was filthy, the food was ok, although I found a hair in my spring roll and the waitresses had their feet on the table with no shoes on and picking their teeth. We will Not be back, if you're looking for good VIetnamese food or Thai try the Asian Gourmet or Bangkok-Bangkok..
Pho as is Bun thit this is my closest Vietnamese restaurant and well worth the 30 mile drive if you've never tried Vietnamese food and lean toward a healthy diet give it a try your body will appreciate it.
Everything I have eaten here has been pretty good.  Everything tastes really fresh and the food is seasoned very well.  I like the spring rolls.  Their pho is really good too.  I personally like the rice dishes.  Definitely one of my favorite local restaurants here.
I enjoyed my first bowl of pho here. The atmosphere and decor was painfully boring -- imagine a typical Western breakfast diner -- but the food was excellent. Additionally, my girlfriend had the Korean grilled pork, and claimed it was quite good outside the confines of an actual Korean restaurant. The menu is MASSIVE; over 100 choices! Surely, there's something for everyone.  Finally, it's very affordable.  A very filling & fresh dinner for two only cost around $20.  I'll surely be back... Hell, I'll go get some pho tomorrow!
