Man oh man! There are no words for the deliciousness that is this place. I was served biscuits that were so flaky and soft and warm and big that I just KNEW my grandmother was in the kitchen. SHE HAD TO BE! I have never had biscuits that good anywhere other than at my grannys. Seriously!! The food is down home good, the servings are humungous and the servers are over the top nice.  My cup was never empty the whole time it took me to consume all that wonderful food. We happened upon this place while on a road trip and it was the best wrong turn we ever made.  Definitely give this place a try if you are considering it!! Side Note: If you are looking for low fat or lighter food options because of some diet you are on, this is NOT, let me say it again, NOT the place for you. Everything here is full of buttery deliciousness.
Great place for breakfast. The staff is warm and friendly. You never have to ask for a re-fill, which says a lot in my book. The food is great for what it is, a breakfast joint. My husband had steak, eggs, and hash browns with buttermilk biscuits. Everything was spot on. The steak was a great size for the price, unlike most places that serve breakfast steaks that are normally very thin and small. The biscuits pulled apart perfectly and were fluffy and soft but firm. If you're a biscuit lover you know what I mean. The hash browns were well done on the outside and soft inside, perfect. I had oatmeal with pecans and brown sugar and the vegetable egg white omelette with dry wheat toast. Everything was delicious and the portions are plentiful. My only issue with this place is that the coffee could stand to be a little stronger, but that's how my husband and I like it! This is our favorite breakfast spot whenever we visit the area.
Just fantastic!  My husband, daughter and myself were all very pleased with what we found at John Ski's House of Breakfast.  My daughter had pancakes and finished them (which is a total none occurrence with any place we go to).  My husband and I had John Ski's Crab Cake Benedict (OH MY!).  The crab cake is literally crab meat put right on top of the english muffin and topped with savory hollandaise sauce. I agree with other reviewers that the staff was very friendly and this is a very openly family-oriented restaurant.  One thing that really stood out was that the kitchen is an open hole in the wall.  From where I sat I could see what the cooks were making and serving.  Not too many places nowadays will let the customer physically watch how they cook something.  To me, that speaks volumes of the management of this restaurant.
A busy joint just off the road that is easy to miss if you're not looking.  Breakfast portions are large so bring your appetite.  The owner is a hard core Michigan fan. We met. He was gracious. I ordered PJs cowboy breakfast and Karen had the ham and cheese omlet. My pork tenderloin was a bit chewy and needed salt. It seems the regulars that flock here all know eachother. My bet is the better choices would have been the pancakes and biscuits and sausage gravy. Next time we'll try that instead.
Just had a great breakfast at Johns. The food was very good and the service even better Quit crowded on a Sunday morning but they turned the tables over quickly.  Don't think you can beat it for breakfast anywhere in Punta Gorda.
The food was tasty, and the service was good.  Our waitress was pleasant and knowledgable.  I had biscuits and gravy, which was stellar! They also cooked my eggs in the weird way I just happen to like them prepared, so bonus points for that!  However, I deducted a star because it was painfully hot in the restaurant that particular morning.  I don't know if the A/C wasn't working or what the problem was, but it was noonish in late August in SW Florida.  Fans aren't cutting it.  The person I was with actually said they would be more than happy to come back... during the winter time.
We were in the area, and yelp came through for us yet again. It should be noted that this place is not a secret, therefore, you are going to wait. They do not take reservations, but you can call ahead. That being said, the wait is definitely worth it. I ordered the big daddy lion's plate. It came with two eggs, ham, a sausage patty, hash browns,  a pancake, and kielbasa.  I mention the kielbasa last because it is the best I ever had. The wife ordered a crab omelette with spinach and mushrooms,  it was also awesome. Our waiter was friendly, the service was good. Do not be frustrated by the wait, this place is superb!
Delicious. Variety of egg choices. Nice presentation. My meal, cream beef in biscuit was tasty. And all the tables near by had yummy looking meals and I heard no complaints.   Room for wheelchairs and walker plus high chairs, whole spectrum of accessibility.
We had a late breakfast here and I was so happy we were told to come here. I had the sausage gravy over hot biscuits that literally melted in my mouth. Everything was cooked to perfection because I'm peculiar about my eggs and like my bacon crispy ;) our server was wonderful, attentive, and laid back with a genuine smile on at 1pm on a Friday. My boyfriend had the Reuben and soup and devoured it, his only complaint was the fries...opt for a side like the coleslaw. The fries were just a tad greasy. Overall an experience I'm willing to repeat anytime I come here!!
We love this place, I only wish it open at night too. Food: Delicious. A good size menu with variety and there's good specials everyday. Service: Friendly servers even when the place is full. Atmosphere: A nice local feel. Cons: Only open till 3pm/ 2pm Sunday.
We had the pancakes (blueberry and chocolate chip), scrabbled eggs, hash brown, omelet and bacon. Very good. Friendly and fast service.
House (traditional) Eggs Benedict is delicious.  Hollandaise made with a touch of butter and hash browns were cooked to perfection.  Friendly, professional, and polite waitstaff and the service was actually fast.  I most Definitely will be back.
Awesome spot!! They are very family oriented and great towards kids. We split a meal for kids and waitress offered to split without us asking!! Great and very friendly. The portions are huge as well. Well worth a stop.
We went here with a group of five hungry cyclists in the middle of a 60 mile bike ride from Engelwood.  This is a great find for lunch/breakfast.  Immediately upon walking in the door we could see that the staff was very friendly, it's obvious that they enjoy their jobs, always a good sign!  The omelets were generous and properly prepared, the breakfast potatoes are the genuine article, just like I make at home.  The French Toast special with the peach topping was incredible.  The only minor ding is that if you let them butter your toast, watch out, you are going to get a lot of butter.  Probably better to ask for your toast dry and butter it yourself. If you are in Punta Gorda and you like good food, you owe it to yourself to check out John Ski's House of Breakfast.
We stopped by to fill up before our flight.  With a family of four our bill was less than $25 with great portions.   Don't miss this place.
The Western omelet was pretty good, but not amazing. I did feel it was a little overpriced for a pretty standard breakfast. I tried a bit of the crab cakes and thought they were OK but not life-changing. The weirdest thing was that we had a coupon that there was no reason we shouldn't be able to use (it was 10% off so only a couple bucks), but because they hadn't seen it before, the staff wasn't sure if they could accept it. I found it strange that they felt so unable to make the decision on their own - they kept trying to contact the owner to see if it was OK to accept, even though there was absolutely nothing written on it to make it unacceptable (they said they usually don't accept coupons on weekends but it didn't say anything). I thought it was ridiculous that the staff didn't have even the slightest ability to take any power or make a decision with such a tiny amount of money at stake. Was a bit of a turnoff.
Absolutely delicious. Customer service is top of the line, too, which makes the whole experience that much more enjoyable.
Went here for breakfast and asked the owner if he could recommend a good Italian place for dinner. He told us about a place near the Duncan Doughnut shop which elicited a squeal of delight from my 7 year old niece who loves doughnuts.  As we were finishing our delicious breakfast he came by our table with a menu from  the the Italian  restaurant and a Duncan donut for my niece.  Now that is amazing customer service!  Great place!
Everything we had was great! I had the gut buster burrito, cause they had me at: "loaded with potatoes, bacon, ham, egg, etc.. Burrito, then covered in sausage gravy" one if the best ever! The sausage gravy has heavy pepper and sage though if you're a lightweight on flavors you might not appreciate it, but there is plenty of other things to choose from. Our waitress kept literally running to keep up with everyone, she was great! FYI: for what it's worth the health inspector was sitting at the table next to us with the owner, when we went and he was very pleased and complimentary to the owner so that in itself should be worth trying!
A nice place with some really excellent breakfast food. It was a bit hit-and-miss with my family (I think that's because I ordered the fish breakfast meal, which took longer so my father's omelet was dry by the time it came to our table) but I would definitely try again and work my way through the menu to see what's really good.
Worth a stop. I had a friend visiting from out of town, and we wanted something with a more homemade feeling for breakfast. We saw this place on our journey to find a local breakfast joint. Didn't know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised with both the service and the food. Typical menu selections, but everything felt really well executed. Sometimes you just want a really good sunny side up egg, or hearty biscuits and gravy. This place delivers just that. Nothing crazy adventurous about the menu, just simple and good food. The dining room was pretty full when we got there, and only one woman serving the restaurant. She did a fantastic job, and our food was served promptly and she was very friendly. I had the biscuits and gravy, and my friend had an omelette  We were both very happy with our experience and I will be back. Maybe next time I'll give the lunch selections a try.
This place is SO good.  Probably the best breakfast place I have ever gone to.  This place was recommended by some locals we met and this place did not disappoint at all!  I had the crab cakes benedict and it was AMAZING.  Again, amazing. Wonderful. Fantastic. Delicious. Savory. It is probably the best crab cake I've ever had in my life.  And I love crab cakes.  I usually always order them if they're on the menu, I've tried making them, I sample them, look at pictures of them, think about them, write poetry about them.  I really do love them.  So, needless to say, I'd like to think I could spot a good one.  This crab cake is better than any crab cake I've had in any fancy restaurant.  I would travel the 3 hrs it took me to get to Punta Gorda just to eat here again... it'd be worth it.  The chunks of crab meat are fresh, the breading is light and doesn't cover the taste of the crab meat.  It's not overcooked and the hollandaise sauce w/ the poached egg compliment each other and leave you with a euphoric feeling after biting into it.  Definitely try this if you're not allergic to shellfish and like crab cakes. I also was able to try the biscuits and gravy... so good!  The biscuits were amazingly fresh and good and I don't know what they do with that gravy but it is so flavorful.  I would also drive 3 hours for this biscuits and gravy. The service was pretty good.  The decor of the restaurant was definitely... ehh....  there's no ceiling (you can see the rafters and insulation on the roof) and the tables and booths look old, as if they were bought from an old restaurant that had went out of business.  Despite the poor ambiance and okay service, this place still gets 5 stars for the amazing food.  Keep it up John Ski's!  If you haven't tried their food yet, definitely, definitely, DEFINITELY come here!
MY MY this is a gr8t place. I was here in Punta Gorda for my CCW permit. Got done quick and early. I arrived just before the place got  crowded. Janel, (like Chanel) was the bright and cheery waitress. A BIG greeting happy smile and disposition. She was attentive and quick even after the place got full. The crab cakes were fantastic. Lots of crab , little filler , good tasting . Loved the biscuit and gravy. Plate filled to overflowing. I needed a doggie bag. They have the usual breakfast items and then some. They are only open from 5 or 6 am to 2 pm breakfast/lunch. So if you are in the area give them a try.
my new standard for a rib-sticking good breakfast! family run, family owned, feels like home. waitstaff fast and friendly and funny.  food came out fast, drinks were refilled quickly. sort of a warmer and cozier breakfast place feel. when we first walked in, the amount of food on folks plates seemed astounding.  this place is not for the faint of appetite!  every plate looked better than the next and i got that weepy feeling like i found home, and more so when i looked at the menu. everything looked so good and it was hard to decide. my companion got the "fat boy", stuff on top of stuff on top of stuff.  potatoes, eggs, bacon, sausage, sausage gravy. looked great and he loved it. i got the "cowboy breakfast".  breaded pork tenderloin, with eggs, potatoes and biscuits, and i got a side of sausage gravy.  i'm accustomed to pork tenderloin being a big, flat, pounded thin, sometimes gristly piece of pork.  this tenderloin was thick and tender, like a great boneless porkchop. i could cut it with my fork and the breading was crisp and yummy.  biscuits were fluffy and the sausage gravy was good, and a little sprinkle of pepper made it great. potatoes were sliced, skin on, and grilled. if you want to be well fed and treated like kin, this is the place!
Third time is the charm. Just returned from the north Maine woods yesterday. My wife and I really enjoy this place, but our calories don't:). Need to hit the treadmill tomorrow after a full breakfast of French toast, a slab if ham, home fries, oj and coffee. Delicious.......
Today was the 2nd time we have eaten breakfast here & it is soooo goooood!!  The portions are great and the price is even better.  I had a breakfast special and could not finish it all & it only cost $5.99.  Every time we go for breakfast, this will be our first choice.  Its not only good, but CLEAN!!!  They clean the booths everytime someone gets up from them & wipe down the condiments and tray that are on the table.  Love this place!!  Janelle was our server twice and she is very nice. Great family run place!!  Oh & not heat lamp for your plate to sit under while your food gets all nasty, its put up for the wait staff & they come & grab it immediately, comes piping hot!!!
What a treasure!  We enjoyed the perfectly seasoned and balanced lump crab meat omelette and the seasonal pumpkin vanilla while grain pancakes (the waitress and other customers were joking that the white stuff on top was crack because they were so good).  The "Belgian"waffle was just a small mediocre waffle with blueberry glop.  Coffee was pretty good.  Great friendly staff, family friendly and clean.  The side of potatoes was impressive as it looked like a fresh sliced and fried whole potato.
One of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't let that fool you. Much better than an IHOP or Waffle House.
Awesome tasting breakfast. Large variety of choices to choose from. Staff is friendly and very helpful. The owner came out and asked how our meal was. Having just moved here from Southern Calif. It was nice to be treated like we mattered. We gave gone back twice and just arrived last week.
Breakfast in Charlotte county just got so much better! I am a big fan of breakfast. I love to soak up the previous evening's beer with hearty, delicious calories. Charlotte County has several acceptable places to breakfast and brunch, but I get tired of yawn-inducing menus, where the most creative thing on it is the Greek Omelet. John Ski's has a menu that reads like a Food Network magazine. My girlfriend had the Cajun fried Pollack and eggs. She said the fish was fried perfectly. She was a big fan of the home fries too. The portion was so massive she hardly touched her eggs. I had one of the six the Monday specials; blueberry and banana whole wheat pancakes. They were amazing. Like my partner, it was so much food I couldn't finish. I also got a side order of some out-of-this-world Polish kielbasa. We had zero complaints on the service. Friendly and professional, they knew the extensive menu well and seemed to have a functional line of communication with the kitchen.
Decided to try John Ski's for breakfast after reading the positive reviews. The good reviews are dead on -- we were greeted and the door, and all servers were very friendly and attentive throughout the meal. Some nice choices that you don't see everyday. We had a chicken parmesan omelet and spinach turkey quesadilla. Both were delicious. There was plenty more on the menu to interest us in a return trip. A perfect start to our day visiting the nearby farmers market.
Excellent food and service. Great to have a dedicated breakfast place in Punta Gorda. Food was plentiful and cooked to specification.  Highly recommend for breakfast!
Homemade corned beef hash, very good. Texas toast French toast very good. 1st visit would return. Good clean dining area, a little on the expensive side for breakfast.
The service was great, and the food is clearly home made. The biscuits and sausage gravy were fantastic (though in need of some sage) and the grits were good!
Stopped here for lunch while driving down the Gulf Coast, based on Yelp reviews and relative proximity to Highway. This is a fine family biz with very good food, offering value.  Our server, Michelle, was very friendly and shared stories about her life in this small town, including hurricane memories.   Very enjoyable.
This place is great!   Have been with friends and family at least 20 times in the past year and half!  Everything we got was good. Not a bad dish in the house.  Portions are huge so we tend now to split orders or take home half!  Great stick to your ribs breakfast and lunch.   Great staff and hard workers.  This place and the smokehouse are great breakfast choices in Punta Gorda!
Breakfast here yesterday,  great service and excellent food.  I had eggs benedict and my husband had creamed chip beef both very good and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Solid place for breakfast.  Great portions and the food was quality. I got a sense going in this little diner that they really care about and take pride in their business. I don't think there is a better breakfast joint in Punta Gorda - and I am from major metro Florida city.
Great service and excellent food. The Greek Omelet (special) was done to perfection and the sausage that came with the eggs melts in your mouth. Went out of our way based on Yelp reviews, so happy we did.
Excellent service, huge portions, and great prices. I had the pumpkin pancakes which were out of this world! We'll definitely be coming back!
I've had a couple of meals here within the past month (March 2012) and I'm delighted with both the food and the service.  Their specialty is breakfast meals, and they've also got a nice selection of sandwiches and burgers.  Their entire menu is available during their business hours, which are currently 5am - 2pm.  Prices are low to moderate.  The short name for this restaurant (what you see on the sign) is "House of Breakfast".
This was such a sweet little breakfast place that I had to add a review. The decor is simple but it was spotlessly clean and had the friendliest most attentive staff! I had an omelette which I order often and it was REALLY good...eggs tasted fresh and the ratio of ingredients to egg was just right. Hash browns were golden and crispy on one side and potato-y on the other. My companion had crab cakes Benedict which he loved..crab cakes were full of crab and the hollandaise, which I tasted, was lovely. If you are driving up the coast this is a super place to stop... About five minutes from the highway. A little gem.
We were just driving through town and saw this place just off the road. GREAT food, great service. Highly recommend stopping in for some for some awesome grub. Relaxed and friendly. Watch out for the Virginia ham. Thanks Michelle!
man this place gives you enough food for a heart attack.  in fact 2 heart attacks.  but in addition it's quality food!  Man, you haven't had breakfast until you've experienced this place and the coffee is awesome because it's good and strong!- no gas station watered down coffee here people!  get ready to eat, have a heart attack, wake up (coffee) and take a nap! (comfort food).
