This place is so amazing! We had their banana flower fritters and the Kao Soy. The food was so authentic and creative at the same time. Everything was so delicious that I cannot wait to go back. So psyched that we have this place in the "hood". Thank you so much for coming to Redhook.
This review is solely for the food and not for environs or the fact that it was freezing cold inside this tiny restaurant because their door was broken and kept blowing open.  :(  It's a testament to how absolutely delicious the food was that we were content to suffer through what otherwise could have been an inclement dining experience in 25 degree weather. So yes, to establish my Thai food street cred, I have eaten at Ayada and Sripraphai a bunch of times and hell, I've even eaten Thai food in Thailand. Most of the Thai food in NYC is not great.  In fact most of the time, it's a bunch of Chinese people serving you semi-Thai. But I'm happy to say that Kao Soy does not fall into that category at all.  Every dish came with different little platters of sauces and condiments; no generic one sauce fits all here.  There were four of us and we ordered:  the banana blossom fritters (delish), the pomelo salad and the crispy anchovy salad (both of these are exceptional--not nearly enough to share among 4 people alas), the Kao Soy namesake noodle dish (yummy but kinda tough to eat the fried noodle portion), the Sai Oua (omg the green chili dip that went with the sausage is amazing I wanted to eat a bowl of it), and finally the unpronounceable Kha Norn Jean Kiew Wan Gai.  That last one is SUPER spicy.  You don't notice it at first but then 6 minutes later you're all, dude, where's my mouth. I will definitely be back to try all the other dishes on the menu; and just in case, I'll pack an extra pair of socks.  That's commitment, yo.
Undoubtedly, most definitely worth the trek to Red Hook, especially (for me at least) on weekends, when the Fairway/IKEA ferry is free! Just a short walk--a few blocks at most--from the water (with stunning views of the Statue of Liberty & lower-Manhattan skyline), Kao Soy serves up some remarkably fresh and clean flavors in large portions for reasonable prices, and their wait-staff are all incredibly friendly yet efficient. The house specialty, its namesake dish, Kao Soy, is banging, to say the least. A thick curried-creamy gravy with two hunks of bone-in skin-on dark-meat chicken, with a valley of thick egg noodles and a mountain of thin crispy noodles, accompanied by shallots & lime & mustard greens & red chili flakes--this dish really covers all the bases. As amazing as it is, this wasn't even my favorite course, and that's saying a lot. Over the course of two days, two consecutive weekend evening visits, we tried pretty much everything on the menu. My friends and I, six people total, ate our way through almost all of the non-traditional Americanized Thai dishes. So while I cannot yet report back on the Phat Thai & Phat Si Io & Kao Pad, I can confidently exclaim that you won't be missing them, at least not for awhile, when you have the likes of Pomelo Salad (with watercress & coconut & shallot & shrimp) & Broad Noodles with Shrimp and Squid and Soy Sauce & Spicy Herbal Sausage (with fried pork, green chili sauce, asparagus, carrots, and cucumbers). These three dishes were my absolute favorites. Other dishes--like the Banana Blossom Fritters & Massaman Curry & Pork with Mushrooms and Ginger Sauce & Shrimp with Green Curry and Rice Vermicelli and Coconut Meat and Anchovies and Hard-Boiled Eggs & Medium Rare Grilled Steak with String Beans and Sticky Rice--were all excellent, even outstanding. We had other dishes, and I will absolutely be back to try many more dishes, especially considering the aforementioned incredibly service ("Welcome Back!" "Long Time No See!" "Next time you come, you must try some different food, I can tell you will love them!"), etc.
Five big, full, juicy stars.  And that's after an hour wait for a table (on a Saturday night) - and having to schlep to Red Hook (from P Heights) in the first place.  Granted, getting to Red Hook is inconvenient for pretty much anyone.  (Unless you're a bird.  Or a fish.  But then you probably don't have money for dinner.  I digress...) The food at kao soy is OUTSTANDING.  My friends and I sampled several dishes and could not find a bad one.  The massaman curry and pomelo salad were standouts, but truly everything was delicious.  Will have to go back because they ran out of the pork belly dish and I simply must try it. I was a bit miffed that they let two, single (ie: not from the same party) people (who were waiting for take out) wait for their food at the bar, whist fidgeting on their phones.  They could have waited at the door and my friends and I could have started our meal a good 30 minutes earlier.  But again, even with that slight hiccup in service, the meal was so good I can't take away a star for the wait. Also - 4 people - eating a variety of mains and starters and sides until our bellies were full - under $100.  AMAZING.
Wow!  Kao Soy will immediately take its place with Ayada, Pok Pok, Uncle Boons, and SriPraPhai as one of New York's premiere Thai restaurants.   Although lacking in the ambiance of Boons and Pok Pok, it has terrific and delicious Northern Thai food with an interesting menu.  While not an expert, I have spent a month in Thailand and can attest that the food is on par with a good meal there. We had the chicken and shrimp dumplings, the Kao Soy and Sai-Oua, which was a crazy complex pork sausage.  We also had a coconut water and thai iced tea.  Everything was awesome.   I am sure once the word gets out this place will become a destination much like the Thai restaurants in Queens.  As a Brooklyn resident though, I am pumped that the trip for high quality Thai just got shorter.
Run. Do not walk to Kao Soy. Once the likes of Duckor and Leventhal get their utensils on this place, you will no longer be able to get in here ;) It's tiny. It's all freshly made and patience is a virtue that is worth it in this scenario. This might be the best Northern Thai food I've ever eaten. The staff was very helpful in describing the different spices and making suggestions. I decided we must try things we've never heard before and since, I'm the boss, we ordered the banana blossom fritters. They were beyond amazing. So crispy. Dipped into a peanut sauce and a spicy sauce for intense flavor wars. Then we had the whole red snapper; it was done beautifully. There was a ton of meat on it and it was easy to eat despite the intimidating outward appearance (note: just rip meat from bones). Being a huge fan of green curry, in general, I was obliged to try the kha nom jean kiew wan khoong ma prao (I wrote it down it was so good). It's green curry vastly improved by rice vermicelli noodles, spicy shrimp, slices of coconut meat, veggies, a medium-boiled egg, fried dried smelts and prik nam pla, a delicious spicy fish sauce condiment. Don't ask too many questions, just trust me on this one. Coconut water served in the coconut and with a spoon, for dessert. No liquor license yet but I imagine soon. Skip the dishes you've heard of and go for the ones you haven't. I'm obsessed.
Excellent Thai cuisine. We went to Kao Soy for early dinner since we knew it was going to get crowded. As we were about to finish with the dinner, the place was completely packed and a couple of people waiting outside for tables.  The food was amazing. Crab fried rice was the best I've ever had. The chef (We think) brought out each dish explaining what the dish was, and what spices he left out (or put on the side) because when we initially ordered, we mentioned that some of us could not handle spicy food. Pad Thai was awesome!! The pork belly/beef dish with a fried chicken drum stick on the side was tasty. Fried flounder dish was crispy, but a little dry. The service was great.  We will be going back and to try some of the other dishes. Definitely worth the trip to Hook!
Are there six stars? No? Okay, I suppose five will do. The pork belly dish is a flavor bomb in your face...in the best way possible. Thai people cooking Thai food = best Thai food ever.
Easily the best and most interesting Thai I've had in New York.  Nothing against Pok Pok, but this place wins out.  Three friends and I ate there last Friday, and found it easy to get a table at 8:30.  With a menu focused on Chiang Mai specialties, there were a few familiar items but most dishes were new to us.  We shared about 1/3 of the menu and everything hit on all fronts.  We all agreed it was the best Thai we'd ever had (pretty sure three of the four of us had even been to Chiang Mai). The service was very friendly as well, and the free pomelo salad didn't hurt.  It was a bit odd that they weren't BYOB as they awaited their liquor license (coming this week, they beleived), but that just meant we got to down some beers and catch a fun old timey band at Bait & Tackle across the street after dinner. I'm pretty excited to have this place so close to home.  I hope more people discover, but not so many that I'll have to wait for a table next time.  Good luck guys!
Really glad Kao Soy showed up in the Hook! Delicious and reasonably priced thai food that's fresher and more flavorful than most NYC Thai. Please patronize them so they stay.
Great menu--tons of stuff you don't see on your regular old crappy take-out Thai joints (yam som-o, wing beans, sour curry, and more). Everything I had so far ranged from "very good" to "great", and I haven't even dented the offerings yet. Looking forward to eating here much more. I really liked the kao soy, and the pork belly and top-round stew.
Excellent and authentic Thai.   Very limited seating is the only risk.  Initially disappointed by no soup options, but everything else offset.  Will definitely return, and pray they open a location in Downtown or Fort Green
Amazing food!!!! I'm from Astoria and will be coming back.  Food is perfectly spiced and fresh.
We went back last Sunday and had another very good meal. Khanom Jeeb - steamed chicken & shrimp dumplings. farm8.staticflickr.com/7… The dumplings are a blend of chicken and shrimp, delicate but fully flavored.  The dipping sauce on the side was terrific.  Piquant with a subtle heat that kept building.  These were really good.  CH poster wewwew was on to something when he posted about how the various sauces enhanced all the dishes. Moo Tod - fried soy & herb-marinated pork strips with plum sauce & hot chili sauce farm4.staticflickr.com/3… These were juicy with a dry surface.  Dusted with toasted rice flour?  I should have asked.  On their own they were very good but the dipping sauces really made a difference.  The plum sauce initially looked like that old devil sweet and sour but appearances can be deceiving.  There was a subtle sweet fruitiness but about 70% less sweetness than S&S.  And there was also a nice amount of heat that slowly built.  (This is a feature of lots of the sauces at Kao Soy.)  The chili sauce was excellent - a little more direct than the plum sauce with spicing that was a touch more assertive.  Either one of these sauces would have been great but together they were wonderful. On to the mains. Sai-Oua - spicy herbal pork sausage with a green chili dip, fried marinated pork, assorted vegetables & sticky rice. farm8.staticflickr.com/7… If sausages appear on any menu I almost always order them but this time my girlfriend beat me to it.  This was a new type of Thai sausage for both of us, different from what we've had at Ayada and Sri.  I'm probably getting this wrong (another thing I should have asked the owner about) but they almost had a coarse ground sagey Italian quality to them, although with far more heat.  The spicing started in the midrange and accelerated from there.  The chili sauce added some additional complexity and even more heat.  Calling them assertive would be an understatement. We liked this a lot but we thought the dish would work best if it was shared with a group of four.  Each person would get 2 large pieces and be really happy.  (No doubt there are hyper chili heads out there who can wolf these down 3 at a time.  I tip my cap to you.)  It's also served with strips of fried pork that are somewhat similar to my starter, although without the toasted rice flour. (Apologies for the photo.  While there was plenty of daylight in the room the sausage is dark enough so that I had to bump the brightness up a bit, making the rice look like a snowstorm.) Pad Kraprow - chicken w. thai basil, pepper & onion in chili sauce.  (You can also get this dish with beef, pork, and shrimp or squid for an additional charge.) farm8.staticflickr.com/7… This was my fallback after my GF decided to order the sausages that I'd had my eye on.  I've had this dish many times, most recently at Ayada in the spring.  The average versions are pleasant but Ayada's was perfectly balanced with plenty of heat.  I figured Kao Soy's would be similar. Surprise.  Their version started at the same place as Ayada's and then the heat built slowly over the next 30 seconds to a really robust level.  I had to take the occasional break between bites but by the end of the meal I was still scooping up the tiny remaining bits of vegetables that were still on the plate.  Excellent. We look forward to trying other things on the menu.  We also can't wait for the day they get their liquor license.  A couple of Sapporos would have been nice.  I'll bet they would have liked to sell me some.
Very nice. I had the chicken Kao pad, a side of steamed greens and the pomelo salad.  All good except the pomelo salad might have had too much of something, maybe shallots? It did not look anything like the one posted here in a photo. I will go back as there were so many very interesting dishes I want to try.
Great Real Northern Thai Food ! Highly recommended! Lovely staff. I am so happy to have Kao Soy in Red Hook. Why they don't do yellow noodles soup??!???
Not your average Thai restaurant! Amazing authentic dishes (the Kao Soy, their "title track" is the bomb). They also serve fresh young coconut juice straight from the fruit, and homemade ice cream and sorbet. Great addition to the neighborhood!
I'm basing this on approximately 8 visits since Kao Soy has opened. Red Hook has been blessed to have this little gem open its doors here. Every dish I've tried has been something more than expected, normally a refreshing upgrade on standard Thai favorites. It's friendly to your wallet and lacks any sort of pretense or pressure. Just great food served happily. Highlights - the sai-oua (spicy herbal sausage) is my favorite on the menu, but close seconds are the kang hung le (clay pot stew) and the kao soy itself. Always order a fresh coconut!
The BEST Thai food I've had outside of Thailand. The owner is a lovely woman who makes you feel right at home. Her recipe for Kao Soy was passed down from her father apparently. Highly recommended!!
I have not eaten better Thai food. New small and cozy place, very clean, obliging hosts and food is beyond expectations. We did not mind to drive from south Brooklyn just to eat here. Everything is delicious . We shared   Banana fritters (yammy) and each ordered different nuddle dishes. I would recommend this place to any foodies.
I have been waiting for this restaurant to open for the past year!  Thankfully, I was not disappointed. I first had kao soy in Chiang Mai, Thailand in 2007 and could not wait to have it at a restaurant named after it.  The kao soy was very tasty and had great texture, but the highlights of my dinner were the fried calamari and fried red snapper.  The restaurant seems to put a lot of thought into the food without losing authenticity (but I am no Thai food connoisseur, just a huge fan).  I can't wait to go back!
Amazing food and lovely service. One of the best Thai restaurants in New York. Much needed in this neighborhood!
This is Red Hook's best kept secret. This little Thai restaurant is so much more than that. Don't be thrown by the location, decor, or table space, because everything we ordered exceeded our expectations. Starting with the spicy pomelo salad, then moving on to the kao soy, kang kiew wan (Thai eggplant green curry), and sai-oua (herbal pork sausage dish), every dish had it's own bold, unique flavor. Dishes were brought out as they were prepared, hot out of the kitchen. The portions were a good size for three adults to easily share everything. We ordered all the food as is in terms of spiciness and most of our dishes came with a decent amount of heat, so just be prepared. This menu still has some of your usual main Thai staples you'll see in other restaurants, but it's these more special items that make this gem so good. We'll definitely be heading back here very soon to try all the other exciting dishes!
Fantastic, authentic Thai. I've had many of the vegetarian items on the menu, and they're all great, but I seem to come back compulsively to the eggplant curry. Lovely people, too. Somehow they manage to stay efficient even when they are overwhelmed.
The food here is ridiculously good. My girlfriend and I were at IKEA, & We looked on yelp on where to eat around there and saw that it has only five star reviews. So we decided to check it out. I'm so glad we did. The food here is ridiculous. Did I mention that the food is ridiculous here? We ordered banana blossoms. Excellent. The Kao Soi. Amazing. I've had this at other trendier Thai places and their namesake dish is more flavorful, twice the size and way cheaper.  The staff was so nice and attentive. I look forward to going back to try the rest of the menu. Hope they get a beer license (and change the dance music).
Best Thai food I've had! Everything is fresh and delicious. There are dishes here I haven't seen in other Thai restaurants. The kids love the pad thai and the Kang Hung Le is totally off the hook! Highly recommend.
Remarkably affordable and delicious Thai food. I noticed this spot opened a few weeks ago and have been back 4-5 times since. The food is a step above typical American Thai fare, specializing in Northern Thai dishes, most notably their namesake Kao Soy. You will find a few American staples (fried rice, pad thai, etc.) but they're the best versions of these dishes I've had in Brooklyn. Great addition to the neighborhood!
A welcome addition to "The Hook". I love that I can take this excellent restaurant out for a romantic date at home.   The Kaipap and Kang Massaman are perfect non-spicy choices for my oh-so delicate palate.
Fantastic Thai food. Delivery and takeout service has also been timely and polite. Highly recommended.
Best Thai food in Brooklyn!  Good service! They make their own curry paste for Kao Soy dish.  Lots of very authentic Northern Thai dishes.  I will definitely go back!
I ordered pad thai and kao soy for delivery last night.  Not the most interesting order perhaps, but sometimes you just want the basics and these were the best versions of these dishes I've had in New York.
