Wonderful place for lunch!  Chopped green chicken salad is perfectly light but filling. Service is both fast and friendly.
Had their signature chicken sandwich last week and their soup today.   Pro' knows chicken! Looking forward to trying everything on the menu.
Nice little chicken specialities and perfect for lunch. The half chicken rotisserie is a great deal with 2 sides. The chicken breast sandwich, while tasty, is a bit small so plan for an extra side or dessert. There is a little table to sit down but best is to take out.
Delicious and reasonably-priced spot in Murray Hill with fresh, "home-cooked" food--perfect for a take-out dinner, though the shop has one good-sized table and seems like a cozy spot to eat-in, too. I called in an order for a half-chicken meal with sides of ratatouille and cauliflower. It was ready within 10-15 minutes, when I arrived. The staff was friendly and personable. The chicken was moist and well-seasoned with herbes de provence. The ratatouille side was particularly flavorful; the creamy cauliflower was fine, but I'll probably try a different side next time.
Fantastic chicken Cesar salad for dinner for $11. Love it. Great service too. Very nice people.
This was great 'find' in Murray Hill. Small but puts out a great product! I always find an unexpected gem while in NY and this may well be it. Any it's priced right too.
So refreshing to have a different place to order from for lunch at work, ordered chicken Caesar salad and it was really, really  good, the chicken was super moist and tasty, their clementine soda is really good too, can't wait to try everything else, and prices are very reasonable for this area! Hope they stay that way !
Chicken Provence is definitely the best spot of NYC if you are looking for tasty homemade food. The chicken is tender, juicy and 100% natural, the sides are to die for. The wonderful owners Ben & Sandrine make you feel instantly at home. I have tried almost everything on the menu : DELISH. Do not forget to try the desserts, they are out of this world ( my favorites : Tarte Tatin and the Carrot Cake). A must go place conveniently located in Murray Hill!!!
A bit on the pricy side (around $12 for a good sized portion) that's usually the norm around the area.  But well worth the price!  Chicken is so moist and seasoned perfectly, their sides are fresh and delicious.  I've had most everything but the salads and they're so delicious I can never decide between them when I go in now.  A great addition to midtown lunch spots.
Chicken Provence is a great addition to the area. Staff is super friendly and the food is fresh and amazing. The homemade salads are a must have.
Truly lovely people, atmosphere, and thankfully (!!) comforting, delicious food. Best of luck - looking forward to stopping in for a home cooked meal again soon.
The carrot cake looks unappetizing but amazingly good. Moist and fluffy with a perfect balance of sweetness for me. Ratatouille is tasty and chicken is tender and moist.
OMG. Now that was excellent chicken , moist , flavor was out if this world! We had the whole chicken which was clearly one of excellent quality, no hormones or anti-biotics as you could tell from the size and taste. It was well flavored with many aromatic herbs . We also had the roasted potatoes and sautéed spinach , both were excellent. The woman I spoke to placing the delivery was so pleasant and personable , even the delivery guy was personable! So glad to have them in the neighborhood ..nothing compares in Murray Hill for delivery.
Had the 1/4 kitchen and creamy cauliflower and it was really great.  Delicious and fresh.  Great addition to the neighborhood!
Absolutely delicious. Can't get enough of the quinoa salad with chicken. Perfection
I had the half chicken meal with two sides.  The chicken was good and juicy and flavorful.  I had roasted potatoes and cauliflower on the side and a French lemonade soda.  It's good, healthy, quick and the price is reasonable. What else do you want?  I might try the chicken wrap sandwich now that I see a picture of it on yelp because what I ate is more like a dinner.  I'm stuffed.
Omg..... Thank God that I found this place! Yes, the owner is very nice and kind. The chicken I ordered with two sides were awesome!! Please, try. You will like it so much!!
I had the pleasure of coming across this  tasty find strolling down 39th street on a Saturday afternoon. i am a resident of the neighborhood so the proclamations of antibiotic/hormone free all natural chicken appealed to me. I originally dropped in to grab a menu to order in the future. However, the chef, owner and staff were so warm that I went ahead and placed a small order to give them a try, although I wasn't quite ready to eat yet. I was pleased by the clean and tasty preparation of such delicious all natural chicken. i usually abide by an organic diet whenever possible, only willing to compromise with all natural alternatives. I definitely recommend this place. The concept and environment are cute as the chicken and sides are extremely tasty. Very simple and clean menu. Give them a try!
Order takeout half chicken & 2 sides. So good! And so fast!  Chicken is very juicy. Vegis are fresh and well prepared. Side salad had a nice, light dressing. Owner/employees are very nice.
I stopped in for lunch. Very friendly woman took my order. Great look to the place with wood picnic table and yellow and red painted walls. I ordered the chicken breast on a whole wheat baguette. Excellent chicken and house aoli with tomato and lettuce. The bread was not as good as the chicken, but good. I'll certainly go again!
Walked in when they were closing and the owners gave me and my friend their last chicken and sides of the day. They were extremely friendly and the food was delicious.
Amazing food! have to try the cauliflower and the carrot cake!
Great meal. Chicken, gazpacho and the  creamy cauliflower were fresh and fantastic. Owners are lovely and helpful. The common table was fun. A great find. We will definitely return.
What a great little find! The best roasted chicken-even the rotisserie is from France.  Everything is very fresh and high quality.  We were going to get it to go but ended up sharing the table and met the owner.  She was a delight and told us about her quality chickens. Amazing apple tart.  Everything tastes very homemade.  Great vibe, location and food.
This is roast chicken at it's finest.  Well seasoned, moist chicken, roasted potatoes and sautéed spinach - perfection.  Best delivery/take out in midtown by far.  Owners are passionate about their product and it's evident in their products.  Superb taste, quality and selection -
I have been here for lunch everyday since I found this place. The food is just AMAZING and FRESH! Rotisserie chicken, chicken green salad, carrot salad (today special), vegetarian soup were SO Delicious!!! I tried homemade Dessert cinnamon apple tart today, and it was out of this world. I am so lucky to work nearby so I can come here everyday!!!
Such a wonderful new spot in midtown. The staff are very friendly and the food is amazing. I had the chicken baguette with a small side of ratatouille - both were delicious!
I walked by this restaurant a few times and it always smelled good, so I finally went in and ordered a half chicken with roast potatoes and spinach and took it home.  The chicken is perfection: flavorful, juicy, moist, and skin crispy.  Even the breast stayed moist.  The sides were pretty good too, but the chicken was the star of the meal.  I definitely will be back to try some more of the sides. This may be the best take-out roast chicken in midtown.
I can only hope the food stays this good for as long as this place is open, which I hope is for a very long time. Got an order to go of a half rotisserie chicken season in herbs de provance -DELICIOUS! Very fresh, with hints of lemon and garlic. Sides tasted were the cauliflower and the mashed potatoes with kale. Worst thing I can say is that we didn't get enough, although that should have satisfied 2 people, it was so delicious I wanted more. Get the clementine soda as well, not too sweet and refreshing! Best place to come to Murray Hill in a while.
good place and tasty food
A small French eatery that doesn't have much seating space, but boy, is their rotisserie chicken heavenly. For slightly over $10, you can get a half chicken with two sides. I have tried the baked creamy cauliflower, the rotisserie potato and the ratatouille as sides - and they are all fantastic dishes. I would also highly recommend their carrot cake as dessert. They call it the "best carrot cake ever" on their menu board, which I think is a pretty apt if not 100% accurate description. Bottomline: I have been looking for a quick, inexpensive and delicious dinner take-out place in the neighborhood, and this is just what I needed. Bonus points: 1. The hostess is incredibly friendly and helpful. 2. You can now order from their website. Yay.
I've always said that customer service is what makes or breaks a restaurant in this city. The owners of Chicken Provence appears to think the same. After my less than awesome experience with their delivery last time, they contacted me within 24 hours and apologized profusely for what happened. It honestly wasn't a huge deal as rudeness and disappointment is more the rule than the exception when it comes to food delivery in this city. Nevertheless, the owner/manager assured me that the rude employee would be dealt with and offered me a repeat delivery experience on their dime. How could I say no? This time, the delivery was again extremely timely, but the food was now organized into appropriate containers. All the sauces and juices portioned in their proper place. I tried the cheesy cauliflower this time which was mild, smooth, and creamy. The dark meat was delicious and even better than the white meat I had last time. Finally, the carrot cake was consistently mind-blowing. The gf likes her carrot cake dense and slathered with icing but personally I prefer lighter desserts with a more subtle sweetness. Impressed by their uncompromising dedication to customer service, I will most definitely be making a dine-in trip to their restaurant in the near future. Stay tuned for my update.
I was looking for a quick lunch place and this place was just perfect. They use very high end products, and the chicken is just like we were eating at Mamie's in the south of france, in addition of having all the food fresh, the daily patisseries, are amazing. And if you don't know what to order, just ask Ben- he loves, knows his food and is proud of it.
The superstars were the kale mashed potatoes (But c'mon, how hard are mashed potatoes? They always taste delicious.) and the cauliflower mash (The secret ingredient is cheese. And everything tastes better with cheese.). The ratatouille was okay. The sauteed spinach was a little too salty with a weird aftertaste, but it was fresh and that's what counts. The rotisserie chicken was the reason we came here. We got a whole chicken and four sides along with carrot cake (which totaled to almost $40). The chicken was well-seasoned at best and dry at worst. I for one have never had good rotisserie chicken, but Costco would even give this place a run for their money in terms of flavor-cost ratio. The skin was naturally salty and delicious and everything a rotisserie chicken should be. But once you get to the meat, it was a whole different story. Maybe we were unlucky? But the meat was, by no one's dictionary, "moist." It was dry and flavorless, and we were crestfallen. And seriously? We paid like $15 a piece to eat this chicken? I get that it's "free range" and "the same supplier as Daniel and Boulud." If anything, to waste such a great quality chicken is criminal. But again, maybe this is as good as rotisserie chicken can get? I don't know, but I do not that it was not worth $15 and these glowing reviews.
Went here for lunch. You can quite easily miss this place because there's not a huge sign out front, but it is painted all red on the outside. The owners of the place are so nice! They don't rush you even if it's busy and help are very helpful with your orders. They are attentive to their customers and if they see that you have been waiting for quite some time they check on your order without you having to ask. I ordered the lunch Chicken Breast baguette sandwich. It was delicious. The chicken was moist and soft. The lettuce, tomatoes, and sauce complimented the sandwich well so that it wasn't too dry. However, the baguette itself was very stale and hard which made it a little difficult to bite into. I don't think it was a fresh one and maybe reheating it would have tremendously helped. The Chicken Breast baguette would have been perfect if it wasn't for that.
Have eaten here a few times now and always great ! The chicken coconut curry over brown rice was excellent as is the rotisserie chicken over roasted potatoes . Also the carrot cake and apple tart amazing ! I like that you know where the chickens come from they are free range hormone free raised on Amish farms out in Indiana . The prices are real reasonable the owners friendly and the place reminds me of France as I have spent alot of time in Paris and all over Beautiful France . So I highly recommend this place for lunch , or dinner I will be trying the half rotisserie chicken next !
With so many 5 star rating I had to see what all the hype was about. Chicken Provence is a small shop mostly for take-out and delivery but they do have room for 4-5 people if you want to eat-in. I enjoyed the authentically friendly service and the small menu where almost everything is based around, you guessed it, chicken. Rotisserie chicken specifically (except for the chicken meatballs). I got their rotisserie chicken sandwich ($10), and a piece of carrot cake ($5). The sandwhich is served on an incredibly fresh bagette (white or wheat) and had the perfect crusty exterior (not too hard) and fluffy interior. The sandwhich is filled with pieces of rotisserie chicken, pieces of roasted potatoes, and a touch of gravy. It was a great sandwhich that tasted like my mother made it. It would have been nicer if the sandwhich was larger and/or the price lower and if you got a little au jus or gravy to drip on the side. Also I've had more tender Rotisserie chicken (i.e. Inca Chicken in Bushwick) but overall it was a very good sandwich. The carrot cake was the most moist and well balanced carrot cake I've had in a very long time. I could have used some cream cheese icing on it though which really was the only thing holding it back from being perfect. Perhaps me asking for a larger sandwich with dipping sauce and icing on my cake is a bit of a fat American request but hey, the heart wants what it wants.
This Yelp will happily ride the five-star wave till the very end. Midtown East workers and residents would be very happy to know that a real neighborhood gem is here to stay. For those who enjoy French cuisine, Chicken Provence is a true delight. The free range rotisserie chicken that has been getting so much good press is definitely worth trying. As someone who often enjoys side dishes as much as the entrees, I am glad to say that I had the opportunity to enjoy both. Those who are measured in how much they spend out of their wallet should be happy know that the free-range chicken served for $13.50 for lunch meal (includes two sides) comes from the same supplier for establishments you might have heard of: Boulud and Daniel. That is a pretty good yet affordable experience in my humble opinion. As a former resident and currently employed in the neighborhood, you are not going to find a better option in rotisserie for either lunch or dinner.
Love this little quaint restaurant!  From the decor, to the food and especially the owners!  Read reviews about this place on a site and had to check it out for myself.  When I arrived, I was promptly greeted by both owners with a big smile and the smell of heavenly chicken.  As I waited for my order, Ben (I'll assume owned the place) was chatting me up about France and places to go.  He was even nice enough to draw me a map!  Even nicer, was the Lady (sorry!  her name was too French for me to take in) working the kitchen and cashier.  Loved it when they spoke in french too, definitely added to the ambiance of the place. Food:  Their rotisserie chicken was out of this world!  Besides it smelling like heaven, the meat was moist and juicy.  Skin was crispy and beautifully seasoned with lemon herbs.  Though I only ate the leg portion, my co-workers raved about the breast meat.   For their sides, they were all a hit.  Our favorite was definitely the cauliflower mash, and the roasted potatoes.   They are relatively new and definitely worth a visit!  Plus I love showing support to small/homely restaurants like Chicken Provence!  Enjoy!
Perhaps coming here at night is not the same as lunch time but I was kind of underwhelmed. I chose to grab dinner here because of the proximity to my hotel and the raving reviews on yelp. I bought a 1/2 chicken and 2 sides. The 1/2 chicken was really more like a quarter chicken as the chickens they use are relatively small.  The meat on the thigh was no existent, and the breast was not even 1/2 a breast.  Although tasty, it was a bit dried out. Again could have been due to the 8:30pm time and the hours it had been cooked and then sitting around but overall a bit disappointing.  The sides of sautéed spinach and cauliflower were ok at best. basically I would not recommend this place for dinner but given the other reviews may give it a try if I'm in the area at lunch.
So good, so easy, so affordable. Just got into my hotel from the train, and Chicken Provence was exactly what I needed to revive. Had the Chicken Provençal Bowl with rice, ratatouille, and rotisserie chicken. I couldn't finish it, the portion was so generous!
I ordered for a part vegan, gluten-free, paleo, normal eating 30 person production crew for Elle Magazine; and the variety and food itself was exceptional. The staff listened to my requests and made inventive pairings, was on time (so important), brought everything needed to eat including disposable tongs, and was not that expensive (and let me tip and pay in advance so I Uber'd out). The food was really delicious/healthy and everyone was praising me...because I'm amazing.
No time now---------------- love this place for rotisserie chicken on French baguette! Just right! Perfect little place!
Tiny, cute, homey, free wi-fi, and a friendly  accommodating staff made this place a go-to spot on my trip in New York. I think this will be my shortest review ever, but it's really because it's that good and that inexpensive that there doesn't need to be a long drawn out reason to go there. Just go!
Recommends: Rotisserie Chicken Set, Chopped Green Chicken Salad, Ratatouille, Cauliflower Ordered: Quarter Rotisserie Chicken Set, Chopped Green Chicken Salad, Ratatouille, Cauliflower, Marble Cake Spent: $7.50 for Quarter Rotisserie Chicken Set, $10.25 for Large Chopped Green Chicken Salad, $2.95 for Ratatouille, $2.95 for Cauliflower, $4.95 for Marble Cake I have been on a quest for the best Midtown Lunch. Don't even mention Essen or Cafe Metro, still a die hard Dig Inn girl, appreciate the occasional Num Pang/Sophie's/Shake Shack, have a few sandwich places, and recently have been running around food trucks. BUT this place beats them all! The taste, the freshness, the ambiance, it's the combination of all the benefits of a Midtown Lunch. The chicken has amazing flavor, sooo tender, and incredibly moist. The salad came slightly warm, not in the gross sense, but in a way where the heat of the chicken warme d and combined with the veggies. Then comes this amazing dressing and voila! I hate salads, but I loved this one. The ratatouille and the cauliflower had the great homemade taste. Slightly buttery and creamy, but not overly so. What I rage about the most for this place is the FRESHness that you can taste in the food, in your mouth, in your belly. The marble cake was a bit dry so would skip it. Really looking to try the carrot cake next time! Most people come for a grab and go but there is one big red table if you're cool with sharing. Lovely homey farm decor though space may be a bit small. They also deliver via grubhub. Bon apetit!
PERFECT.  Just perfect combination of the exact right blend of real fresh herbs, spices, exact salt level, marinade to tenderize, slow rotisserie cooking time, and super high quality organic chickens.  If perfection weren't enough, you can get a half chicken for about $8, better than many pre-fab low quality sandwiches in midtown; their staff is super friendly, and the decor is awesome.
Decor is cute. Service was speedy and good. Only one picnic table to sit down in however (small shop). Shared a full rotisserie chicken with four sides (baked creamy cauliflower, ratatouille, sauteed spinach, and kale-mashed potatoes). The rotisserie chicken was pretty good. The seasoning for the skin was spot on. The inside of the chicken was dryer than I'm used to (I'm comparing it to Costco's rotisserie chicken). The sides are fairly large, I'd say about 1.5 cups each. The creamy cauliflower and ratatouille were pretty solid. The ratatouille was especially flavorful and zesty. The sauteed spinach we had was a bit burnt. The kale-mashed potato was decent, a bit dry and not really that much kale. The carrot cake was fairly good. Overall, nothing too spectacular for my $27.
For a place with chicken in the name, it's actually very easy to be a vegetarian here - the menu marks what is vegetarian and the sides are largely vegetables, including seasonal fare. The quinoa salad is particualrly fantastic - very fresh but  satisfying and filling; the quinoa is perfectly cooked (springy and crunchy), and there's just the right amount of lemon vinaigrette. There's a large table and some side seating, so more of a pickup spot, but the ambience is lovely whiel you wait!
I ordered the chicken Provençal. The chicken is great, but the ratatouille it comes with is fantastic. The folks behind the counter are awful nice too! Oh, and it's very reasonably priced!
4.5 stars. Fabulous little place with cute ambience, great ingredients,  friendly husband+wife team, and great value on food. They are known for their tender rotisserie chicken. Definitely get something with rotisserie chicken. Portions ate large so i would recommend small sizes rather than large unless you are sharing. They get their produce and chicken fresh every day. I would come here for lunch all of the time if I worked nearby.
Where can a guy get some juicy chicken? While not the cheapest rotisserie chicken, I'm a fan. I grew up on Wegmans rotisserie chicken, which was only $5 a pop. Chicken Provence's $8 for a half chicken makes it more on the gourmet level, but I can definitely tell a difference in quality. Two things stand out the most. First, Chicken Provence is more juicy. None of the meat was dry and I actually found myself cleaning the bone off more so than other varieties I've had. Second, Chicken Provence is heavily seasoned. I actually liked that, although a few coworkers thought it was too much. It really depends on what you're looking for or what you're used to. I want to come by again to try their sides, although it would be more of a treat versus a frequent go-to lunch spot. Stop in and test them out yourself!
I literally never write reviews on places but this was absurdly good. I had the rotisserie chicken bowl over roasted potatoes with gravy. Try it immediately.
Their rotisserie chicken is great. It's moist and tender, but I can't say the same for their rice, which was hard and dry. I ordered their chicken rice bowl with ratatouille stew. The ratatouille was really tasty! I was surprised by how tiny the place is and there's only one table!
I was sitting at my hotel wondering what other 5 star places were close by that I could walk to and bring my Kindle and just relax and read, and of course eat.  I found Chicken Provence and I strolled over there as it was only a 3 block walk.  I almost passed the place because its tucked and I was expecting a big sign.  I walked in and the owners (husband and wife team) greeted me very warmly and I clearly must've been transparent because I was unsure of what to order.  I mean, obviously I was going to order the chicken but how much, which one, which side??  All of these were rolling through my mind. I kept it traditional with the cauliflower and ratatouille. I went ahead and ordered and saw that there was a communal table so I sat down to enjoy my meal.  Everyone was so friendly and shortly after, my food came out.  I kept looking around and kept thinking this is such a great spot ESPECIALLY because it stays true to the small french restaurants. It was SO chill and exactly what I was looking for and it feels odd not going there at least once a week.  Naturally, I go there 1x week. Okay, onto the food.  The rotisserie was delicious and tasted very fresh, that said it was pricier than other items but it is still relatively affordable.  You're going to be eating a nice bird so with that, I didn't mind paying a bit more but of course I enjoy paying for quality.  The owners and I were having great conversation and I loved every bit of it.  These are my types of restaurants.  I got there after I went to the gym at around 7:30ish?  I left there at around 10 partly because I was listening to a great political discussion and literally thought about posting a sign so others could come in and bring in logic and a little emotion.  I would get the carrot cake and try it out if you haven't had it before.  I treated myself since I went to the gym prior to going there (yay me) and promised the owners I would be back the next day to get the to bring it back to my hubby.  And, the next day, as I promised - I'm running in grabbing and paying for the carrot cake to take it back home, while screaming have a nice weekend.  Thankfully, my transportation didn't leave me.  It was actually well executed if I may say so myself. Give this place a try and you'll have a great time.  This restaurant is in my calendar for  dinners and I've added them to the list so - if you're at the communal table when I'm there...scoot on over!!!
Eating their rotisserie chicken made me wonder why chicken is ever prepared in any other way. Juicy and delicately flavored with herbs, the chicken was remarkable. The vegetable sides were hearty without being heavy. The carrot cake wasn't the cloyingly sweet confection I was expecting--I think it would be better described as carrot bread. There's just one table, so be prepared to eat elsewhere. I went to the jewel-like Tudor City Park to enjoy this treat.
Chicken Provence has the best rotisserie chicken I've ever eaten.  I got a half-chicken plus side of brown rice and an amazing house salad.  The portions are generous, the quality and freshness are superior, and the staff was so friendly.  I only wish I lived in NYC so I could become a regular!
I travel to NY a lot and was so happy to find this place for dinner. The cozy restaurant almost feels like being in a family kitchen. The food is simple and has that home cooked feel to it. I had the rotisserie chicken with ratatouille and potato salad all of which were simple and delicious. Topped it off with an apple tart which tasted great and the right amount of sweetness for me (I think I could have eaten 2 more). There is only one table to share but everybody else was getting takeout so I had it to myself at 8:30 PM.  A husband and wife own the place and I chatted with the wife and she was very friendly and courteous.  The husband was delivering food because the delivery biker did not show up. Definitely be back...often.
On a bright note, the baguette was good.
I am more than happy to give this place 5 stars. The owners work their butts off every day to provide high quality, delicious and healthy food. I have eaten here now over a dozen times and have never been disappointed.  Tonight I got a craving for their quinoa salad with sliced chicken breast (which is RIDICULOUSLY good btw!) and although they were already closed and in the process of cleaning up, they INSISTED on making me the dish. I really didn't want to put them out, but since they went that extra mile, I decided I had to return the favor by writing this review.  Thank you guys.  It was delicious as usual!
While only a small review I did want to give this place and the owner some praise. I live and work in the area and have been walking by this place trying to open for a few weeks. I went in one day and the owner was extremely nice. They were making some test food in the kitchen and he let me try a nice large piece of a Chicken salad sandwich. It has an excellent "pesto" style sauce on it which was a great alternative to a heavy mayo base, lots of fresh herbs and the chicken was juicy and delicious. but the baguette they us; this bread on was FANtastic. Soft, moist, held the food well. Cant wait to go and try the whole menu, really looking forward to trying it all. UPDATE: now have orders 3-4 times and gone for lunch. This is a must try for anyone in the area. The chicken sandwich with the potatoes is fantastic. The whole chicken is great and the sides are very good (Cauliflower and Spinach). The only thing I didn't love was the rice, a little bland and needed seasoning.
Outstanding!  Fills a great void in Murray Hill.  The chicken is moist and tasty.  I got all White, and it was two nice-sized breasts.  For one of the sides, I had excellent ratatouille -  again, hard to find.  It's primarily take out, but there's one very large table that's comfortable for singles and couples to share.  Friendly service, plentiful handi wipes, no alcohol.
Javier Bardem and Jeffrey Dean Morgan have a third doppelgänger and he serves chicken on 39th street. This French, admittedly less famous restaurant owner works the register at this quaint shop that is little more than a kitchen, counter, and table. He was a bit absentminded the first couple times I went in there when he would take my order and hand me food without charging me. I love this little shop too much to leave without paying though. Correction: I made it down the block before realizing it the second time so I should say "I love this little shop too much to leave without paying and not return." Don't worry, he's since gotten the hang of charging for his hens. A quarter chicken with one side will run you $7.50 which is not as good a deal as it sounds. If you're a growing boy like myself, you're gonna leave hungry. These chickens must enjoy the good life cause they are plump, juicy, and double "c" succulent.   If you want to be full, go for a rice bowl or the half chicken and two sides. Beware that you'll no longer be in "reasonable price for lunch" range.
I work in the area and stumbled across this place while looking for a new lunch spot. Soon as I walked in the staff was very friendly and attentive. I ordered the rotisserie chicken sandwich. I didn't have to wait long at all. The sandwich was a bit on the pricier side considering its size, however, it was filling and very high quality. Many lunch spots in the city will charge slightly less for a sandwich that's been sitting around half the day so I don't have a problem paying $10 for quality. The bread had the perfect taste and texture, the chicken was moist and perfectly seasoned, and the potatoes really complemented the sandwich. I definitely will be going back! I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
Delicious food and owners are very nice. I've had the rotisserie chicken with the different sides and have also tried the sandwich with the gravy. Oh and 2 of their wonderful desserts: carrot cake and marble pound cake. Everything I've tried is delicious so you can't go wrong. This is my go to place for delivery now. Love that the chicken is natural too.
I ordered the 1/2 Rotisserie Chicken meal with Rice and the Baked Creamy Cauliflower.   The chicken was cooked just right - moist and  perfectly seasoned.  The chicken portion could've been a bit larger, but I have a huge appetite.  The cauliflower was delicious - highly recommend it.  The rice was rice.  The staff was very friendly and the food was prepared pretty quick.   Awesome place and definitely worth adding to your lunch/dinner rotation!
I am thrilled about finding this restaurant. The food is amazing. I went here for the first time just a few minutes ago and was very impressed. The owners are very friendly and focused on customer service while the food is just out of this world. I had the half chicken with a side of ratatouille and spinach. I will be back here as often as possible and would highly recommend it to friends.
Heard about this place on Midtown Lunch while I was looking for something new. The food looked good from the pictures I saw so I decided to try it out w/ my coworker since it's only a couple blocks from my office. The place is very cute and gave a cute café feel and the owner? was very friendly. Got the 1/4 chicken with the roast potato side. So delicious! Chicken was moist and flavorful with a nice crisp skin. Potatoes were absolutely perfect (a little on the soft side which was fine). We sat a table with two other people and sort of joined in their conversation which added  to the intimate feeling. My meal came to $8.17 and I left feeling satisfied and pleasantly sated. My coworker got the chicken caesar salad and she said it was excellent and fresh. Both of us are planning on coming back here again this week to try something else.
The chicken may be quality, but the portions were disappointing. Maybe I don't appreciate French food enough to review this place as highly as others. Oh well.
The best chicken ever. Had the roasted potatoes with a whole chicken. Quinoa salad Taste's like heaven. Just a great place to eat. !!!
Best kept secret in NY. The most delicious food I've had in NY, made and served by the most sincere and humble French couple in the city. Authentic, simple, delicious.
Update! Got the quarter of a chicken with rotisserie style potatoes. SO GOOD. Remind me of my mom's potatoes. YUM! and so affordable.
I was walking to grocery store one afternoon when I came across this lovely place. I was very pleased with the rotisserie chicken, the meat was so juicy and the herbs were delicious. We had the kale mashed potatoes and creamy cauliflower, both equally good. And The CARROT CAKE was the best carrot cake next to my grandmothers carrot cake. So moist and fluffy Yumm!!! My mouth is watering now. A must for lunch or dinner! Or if you need a quick dinner on way home for your family. The workers were all very friendly and helpful.  will be going back, for sure!
Chicken Provence is an upscale French rotisserie chicken joint that just opened up in Murray Hill.  It provides a nice alternative to Famous Chicken Place, which is closeby but lower quality.    The owners are extremely nice and seem very passionate about the restaurant.  I spent some time with them when I went in and got to sample a delicious marble cake fresh out of the oven.  For lunch, I got a half chicken with sides of ratatouille and cauliflower au gratin, which came out to about $15.  The sides were excellent and freshly made.  The chicken was solid and had nice crispy skin.  The owners also mentioned that they'll be getting in French Lemonade and greek yogurt next week.  Overall, I enjoyed my experience with Chicken Provence.  I will definitely be returning soon and recommend it to everyone.
Chicken Provence is "The REAL DEAL"! I haven't tasted a chicken like this Anywhere in the City! A true dedication to French Culinary Excellence! And to top the deal the most welcoming French couple Sandrine & her husband!  Best of times spent a their communal table ( very convivial!  Try it!). Truly looking to my next visit to this French Paradise!
This is really good quality chicken and food, well prepared and seasoned.  I ordered  a roasted chicken, spinach and the garden salad to be delivered.  It was delicious and didn't lose any quality while it was sitting packed in take out containers on the way over.  The only negative is that the white meat was a little bit dry but over all I'm thrilled to find this place.
Went here for the first time on Monday, returned Thursday and Friday. Monday I had the chicken rotisserie with 2 sides (spinach and potatoes), the chicken was very good and the sides were fantastic. Returned Thursday and went with s chicken sandwich special; couldn't tell you the name but it was excellent.  Friday went with the chicken rotisserie sandwich which is on the regular menu and it was awesome. Succulent and juicy, yet the bread wasn't soggy. This is a great place, friendly service as well. Highly recommend.
I wish I were more starved when I opened my box of French delicacy. They claimed it's the herbs de Provence - the chicken was seasoned with a perfect blend of spices. It's French cuisine with a bit of eastern flavor, and it must be the subtle presence of scallion (I might be wrong but it's just so different from all other roasted chicken I've had). Usually chicken tastes soft and weak, but this special Rotisserie had the outer crust, both chewy and crisp, and the herbs and spices added that extra desired balance. The two sides I had were baked creamy cauliflower (highly recommended) and the potato salad.
