Cheap, delicious, clean.
I haven't been here in years, but it it still does not disappoint.  Gyro was tasty as was the baba.  The portions are huge and prices are low, good deal.  Bravo Aladdin.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  My favorite - I go at least once a week, maybe more.  The food is inexpensive (they should raise prices); it has always been delicious, and the service is great.  The dessert case is beautiful - and the baklava is really the best in the area.  Excellent choice for anyone, but vegetarians will find a large selection.  I can't think of any room for improvement.  Oh wait, they once in awhile offer pistachio baklava vs. walnut - must try if they have that!  Delicious!
Among the small crowd of restaurants with a Middle Eastern focus, its thunder seems to have been somewhat stolen by newer and more 'buzzed' places, but I still have an attachment to Aladdin's.  Their cuisine is not strictly Middle Eastern, it should be mentioned, but rather a sort of pan-Mediterranean that includes Italian, Greek, and even some Spanish influences as well.  Thus you can get a variety of pastas, but many of them are served in ways that would be considered unorthodox at an Italian spot--i.e., with pine nuts or feta and a wedge of pita on the side.  Their more Middle Eastern side shows up in the sandwiches and side dishes, but one of my favorite repasts here is something I've been reminded of by the recent spate of hot weather we've had--in the dog days of summer in Rochester, I used to really enjoy coming here to catch a shady breeze on their 2nd floor outside patio, and have a bowl of their delicious gazpacho for lunch, with a nice chilled dark beer.  Perhaps beer doesn't really go with gazpacho, but when it's tipping the upper 90s and on the hazy/muggy side, it works--trust me.
Went there with daughter, ordered Souvlaki plate and Spanakopita pita.  Both tasted fresh and delicious.
Soooo yummy Humus is amazing!
Overrated.  Lentil soup was disappointing as were the stuffed grape leaves.  Friendly service.
We go here often and sometimes order to-go. Everything is always delicious, not to mention quite a value! They give very generous portions. I always get the lentil soup and add chicken. I also love their hummus and spinach salad!
When I visit Rochester I like to pop in here to grab a Dolmades Pita Roll. Ages ago I purchased their greek dressing to-go because it was so amazing.   I've lived many places with many different/better mediterranean food, but no place makes as addicting dolma wraps.
After all the noise, I found Aladdin's a disaster. The pasta I ordered was absolutely tasteless and soggy. Additionally, the lentil soup was incredibly bland and no shred of flavour whatsoever. The portions are huge, but I'd rather have a good, tasty meal, than a large inedible one. Will not be going back to Aladdin's ever again. I gave it two shots.
*TAKE OUT review* Was in the mood for a salad but none of the ones on the menu struck my fancy, so I made my own. Got the small mixed greens-- comes with sprouts, mushrooms, tomatoes, cucumbers and scallions-- and then for $7 more I added 3 dolmades and 3 hearty sized falafel "on top". The falafel were so big they got their own container! It's too bad they tasted less than stellar. They were perfectly hot temperature-wise, but got REALLY m*word from the condensation and ended up getting soggy on the bottom. Worst of all, they were over-salted. When the flavor is there, you don't need that much salt. I did get a surprise side of tahini yogurt, though. And the tzaziki was great! Can't get enough of that stuff. While not a home run, I'd most likely order from here again. Short wait time, friendly staff, and the place was hoppin on a random Monday night, which gives me hope that the foot traffic is decent/ the ingredients aren't sitting out all day. Very important for those late nights after class and/or work when I'm too tired to cook!
I love both locations of Aladdins! The falafel is great and their Mediterranean salad with feta is the perfect salad - you can add chicken for some extra protein and you should have enough for two meals! Pita is not anything special but service is excellent and a perfect spot for a healthy fare!
While I have always been a fan of the delicious food here, last friday it blacklisted itself. We were having a late lunch. A cook came out if the kitchen wearing his rubber gloves. Went up the stairs, touching the rail the whole way, in his gloves. Went to the bathroom, came out, and went back to the kitchen, in his gloves. Never again.
Bah, so good. so healthy. My paleo friends often want to go here and I happily join.  Aladdin's on Monroe is huge and has plenty of seating for large groups.  The staff are the friendliest around.  I believe it's family owned. The food is great!  Big portions.  A good range of Mediterranean options.  Some pitas and dolmas but also pesto pasta.  So everyone can get what they want.  I'd really recommend their huge, low-carb salads OR the sampler platter. Great for vegans too! Get a load of the desserts in the case!  I've had the baklava before which was perfect.
Freshest food around!!  Always consistent and delicious.  They have the BEST hummus and tobouleh and the staff is always wonderful.  Rochester staple.
I have been coming here for years!  The Falafal and Hummus are the best appetizers-- they are must haves! !  Each and everytime we go. I love the freshness of the food and the wine selection. The Souvlaki plate is amazing and I can barely finish it. Portions are huge! The veggie lasagna and Mousakka are to SIMPLY DIE FOR. I love how they give you slices of fresh pita bread with every dish ordered. Great, delish, simple food that tastes amazing. I love sitting on the balcony in the summer time. The Pino Noir Hob Nob is the bomb - highly recommend this wine! I did have a phone order this past fall for a large group of family members that were staying at my house. They omitted a few things on accident from the order. They corrected it immediately and even threw in several pieces of Bakalava, and also comped the missing items. Now that's what I call great service. I even had a table of 16 people for my birthday in 2012. They accommodated us (with reservations) and the food was excellent, service was amazing and everyone was very pleased. We went through almost 12 bottles of wine ! Wow! haha
Aladdin's is definitely one of the many places to go for Greek food in Rochester.  If one thing Rochester does well, it's Mediterranean, and Aladdin's is a testament to that fact.  The prices are great, the food is homemade and fresh, the portions are large, it can support crowds, and all the wait staff is extremely friendly. One of the things I love to order when I go with friends is the appetizer plate - you get to choose 3 different appetizers and then everyone gets a little to share.  If you run out of pitas, they'll happily bring you more.  I particularly love their hummus, baba ghanouj, and spanakopita.  All great sized, and all packed with flavor. For entrees, I've never had a bad meal.  Big fan of the Chicklaki plate, mixed grill, moussaka, and vegetarian lasagna. Did I also mention they make all of their pasta from scratch, as well as fresh veggie drinks? How could you ask for anything better?  Aladdin's rocks the Rochester cazbah! Be careful though - not every location is quite the same.  Pittsford and Monroe Ave. locations are excellent, Park Point one can be a mixed bag
I am a carnivore and was concerned about my choices here. The spanakopita was wonderful. Then I ordered cheese ravioli with  vodka cream sauce and shrimp. It was a generous portion, delicious but slightly salty. Mia's service was friendly and attentive. Slight marks off for cleanliness.
This is the best of all the Aladdin's in the Rochester area. I have been too all many times, this is the best. Pittsford has its awesome canal-side location, but not the same quality food as the Monroe Ave location. I have tried multiple menu items and never been let down, especially the Souvlaki plate with pine nut dressing. If you like some grilled tenderloin with your salad, then this is your jam. Don't forget to try an app or two, hummus is always good to start an Aladdin's meal.
For the price, this is the best restaurant in Rochester, no question. Huge portions of delicious food at ~$10 per entree. Souvlaki plate is my favorite.
Great place for everyone - Aladdin's has a large menu that will make both vegetarians and carnivores happy. I love Aladdin's for its consistently delicious and fresh food, fast service, generous servings, and very reasonable prices. The food has more of an Arab/Middle Eastern flair than pure Greek food, so I suppose this could be a +/- depending on who you talk to. I am a big fan of the vegetarian combo, especially the Tourlu! Many of my friends also like the Moussaka and Souvlaki Plate.
Most certainly one of the best lunch places in Rochester.  The food is excellent, the staff super accommodating and helpful and the restaurant is also very nice , with the upstairs terrace being my fav place to sit in summer.  They have many Greek / Mediterranean standards and they are all good.  The falafel, souvlaki plate, chicklaki plate, pita sandwiches and gespacho soup are my favorites.  The portions are huge and the food is always very fresh.  You feel like you are in a family run restaurant!  Oh, and one more thing..  Prices are very reasonable.  Definitely worth checking out.  One note of caution... These comments relate to the Monroe Ave location only--I've been to the others and frankly they are nowhere near as good.
Another delicious meal. We try to stop here when we are in Rochester. Delicious falafel, moussaka, spanakopita!! My daughter had a great lentil soup as well. Service was great. Taking baklava with us for dessert!
Meh. Average. Not impressed by either Aladdin's. I can find much better Greek food elsewhere. All the food I've had lacks flavor. I do enjoy the dolmades pita, but that's about it. Small menu and slightly pricey for the portions.
Aladdin's food is consistent and their portions are huge. However, I find their dishes to be a little on the bland side. Maybe their food is healthier and I am just accustomed to eating salty and over-seasoned food, but I find myself consistently asking for more dressing or Tzatziki sauce. I usually get the Gyro or Souvlaki Plate. Both are served over a bed of lettuce and vegetables. As I mentioned before, portions are huge and most people could make two separate meals from the one dish. For around $11 a dish, it's a great value. The greens are fresh and the meat is cooked nicely, it's just lacking seasoning for me.  For this reason, I still prefer Sinbad's over Aladdin's for Mediterranean food. Another reason for my lackluster review, is due to their spotty service during my last few visits. Despite having a reservation during non-peak hours, it still took our party awhile to be seated. It took another 15 minutes before getting our drink orders in and when we finally got our meals, some of the orders were wrong. Maybe it was an off day or maybe it was where we were seated. The outdoor tables seemingly received more attentive service. With that said, Aladdin's is still a viable Mediterranean option in Rochester. Unfortunately, I guess it's one of the few options here. Decent food, affordable pricing and large portions make for repeat customers.  They have many Vegetarian options and have nice outdoor seating during summer. However, I still find their food bland. I also prefer the Pittsford location.
So fresh fresh! Glad I got to try the soups. Did not like the chili. Lentil was okay, tastes like canned, but well heated. They let you have samples if you want to try. Huge falafel balls. Good for a family. Eat it while its hot or you see just how much salt is in it after its cooled down. Loved the dolmas grape leaves, and the sauce it came with. Pitas were amazing, also salty, but yummy. I can't tell if I prefer the chicken kebab or gyro better, but they were both clean and tasty.
Ah Aladdin's. My favourite place to eat when I am on a healthy eating kick. I have eaten through their menu in the last 4 years (everything from hummus, baba ganoush, sauteed spinach to gazpacho, pasta dishes, gyros, kebab wraps, salads, etc.). It is hard to go wrong here. However, I would steer clear of the pasta dishes (they always seem bland to me) and the dessert case(except the baklava. you want to try the baklava, trust me). The servers are always very friendly at this particular location - especially one lady who is probably an owner. She is always smiling and treats me like I have come to eat at her house. As for what to order in particular - I love getting the kebab pita during the winter and the chicklaki or souvlaki plate during the summer. I believe Aladdin's is technically a Lebanese restaurant (not Greek) so I am not going to complain about the lack of lemon potatoes. However, it would be nice if they added some more traditional Lebanese dishes (even as a special for a day). Meanwhile, I will be contentedly chowing down on some souvlaki with their homemade hot sauce + greek dressing.
This is my favorite restaurant I've been going for 10 years.  With that said I've never had a less than perfect meal.  The food is always fresh and consistent.  It is by far the healthiest place to eat!!  And the toboulee and hummus are the best I've ever had anywhere.  Keep up the good work.
If u r looking to incorporate more plant foods into your life, Aladin's on Monroe Ave is the best place to start. There are many vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian meals. Meals can be modified. A great place for carnivore, omnivore, and herbivore to congregate over healthy meals and great desserts. Parking behind the building is often full during rush meals, but space can be found nearby always. Staff is super cordial and welcomes you with enthusiasm. A great feat considering the amount of stairs they Climb because of the restaurant's multiple levels. Portion size are ample. It is not uncommon to bring home a doggy bag.
Great food, cheap price tag, and huge portions. I'm a huge fan of this place.
One of my never fail, go-to faves for dinner. How many places can you pig out at and not feel like a worthless fat glutton afterward? The food here is pretty healthy, flavorful and close to guilt-free. Had the hummus for the first time last night and it was awesome. The dishes I order regularly here are the souvlaki, and the chicken salad pita, but I've never had anything I didnt like. Something about the romaine lettuce, cucumbers, and tomatoes they use make me truly enjoy fresh produce Would agree with others, avoid the pastas, and leave that to the many italian restaurants here in the city.
Never disappointed!!!  I've been eating here for years,  I can't think of one thing I did love.   Prices are great, food is fresh and the service is quick friendly & attentive .
Not my first time here and probably not my last but my experience this evening didn't inspire me to make that return trip anytime soon. I'm on a hunt to find fulfilling falafel in Rochester during my vegetarian month and Aladdin's was next on my list so we made a post work quick stop in to see how it fared. I got the falafel pita wrap and Carrie got an eggplant pita wrap . Both were cheap and plenty of food for under $20 total including tip. The falafel in my pita weren't to my liking as they were quite dense, not as crisp as I would like, a bit chunky and overly spiced. The toppings were OK and the yogurt-tahini sauce was tasty and plentiful if not a bit too much. The pita was generic and really could have benefited by being fresh made in house. The side of tabouleh I got was under seasoned but a nice addition to the richness of my pita. The fiancee enjoyed her eggplant pita a lot more than mine and commented that even though it was a bit on the greasy side, she would happily eat it again. In the past, I have enjoyed their gyro pita so I'll leave this at 3 stars despite the disappointing falafel pita and make a return trip at some point since it is decent and really close by my apt.
Great value, super delicious.  What more can you ask for? Best bets:  hummus appetizer, falafel, chicken pita, moussaka.   Tips:   - For $8, you can get half-orders of three different appetizers -- that's a must! - Get here super early if you want to eat outside in the summertime.   - Don't count on too much from the beer and wine lists. I haven't tried the desserts yet -- let me know if there's anything in particular to test out!
I'm familiar with the Aladdin's in Syracuse, which I always loved, so I decided to try this location for lunch one day.  I ordered a falafel pita to be picked up.  The place was absolutely crazy when I arrived -- I think April vacation was bringing everyone out for lunch.  Despite the craziness, I was attended to pretty quickly. For less than $7 I got a pita FILLED with lettuce, tomatoes, sprouts, and onions, three huge falafels, and tahini.  I couldn't eat this like a pita sandwich, it was so big, it was fork and knife material.  But the tahini sauce was exceptional, the falafel were perfect, and the pita was really tasty.   A huge, satisfying and delicious lunch for under $7 is pretty amazing to me.  I'll be back!
O.M.G.  I've been craving Greek food for weeks.  We're in town just for the night and found Aladdin's on Yelp.  Turns out that Mother's Day is their busiest day of the year.  We had to wait for a table at 6pm, but it was so well worth it.   We started with the Dolmades as an appetizer, then I got the Gyro plate and DH got a pasta dish with pesto.  This was our first time trying Dolmades.  Not bad.  The meat on the Gyro plate was to die for.  DH loved the pasta & pesto.  Baklava for dessert.....best I've ever had. If you get a chance, go.
This is always a great place to go. I prefer the one in Pittsford on the canal, however. Lots of options on the menu, and everything I've ever ordered has been delicious.
Solid choice for cheap, plentiful, veggie-friendly food. Lots of GF options, too. Don't make the mistake of ordering two items, even if they are both appetizers. Yes, the dishes are that generous for that little money. I enjoy their pasta dishes, felafel, baba ganoush, pitas, specials... never mind, I think I'd just list the whole menu.
It doesn't matter what I order at Aladdin's, it is always delicious. I usually order a pasta dish, and when looking at the menu I always wish that the dishes had more ingredients in them, but when I receive them they are perfect. I especially like that they aren't stingy with the toppings on the pastas. At some places if you get pasta with pine nuts, they just sprinkle a few on top, but at Aladdin's they give you a heaping portion. Aladdin's has an extensive enough menu to please almost anyone. They have some tame things for those weary of Mediterranean food, and some very authentic dishes for those who love it. They also have plenty of vegetarian options. The service is always decent. I can't remember ever having had a bad service experience there. I work on Monroe Ave. and Aladdin's is not only great for a nice sit down meal, but also for a quick take out meal for my lunch break at work. (If you want a cheap, small meal, try the appetizers. I often get the chicken strips for lunch and they are extraordinarily tasty.)
I love coming here. The food is really good! I wish the falafel was smaller so you could actually eat it in a pita, but it tastes amazing. The staff is always friendly and the food comes out quickly.
This place is great for a casual dinner. We sat upstairs on the patio (which is pretty unique for the places around there!) The Spanikopita was delicious! Even though it was larger than I usually see it, it was still a perfectly cooked pastry, and very tasty as well. Also, the cous cous with touhlouh(sp?) was yummy as well. It's like a vegetable stew over a fluffy pile of cous cous. Healthy and tasty. Thank you, Aladdin!
Alladin's is yum yum food.  I have visited both locations (Rochester and Pittsford) and have had very good experiences at both places.  I tend to gravitate toward the same dishes each time I go.  The food is always tastes fresh and have never had any problems with droopy lettuce or bad food.   The Chicken pita/gyro pita are always yummy and the Pastitsio is great.  The hummus is just right and a great appetizer to start off with.  I am not a huge fan of the grape leaves but will indulge in dolmades once in a blue moon- again, great food!   Alladin's usually tends to have a great dessert selection as well- which I think is updated about weekly.  It  seems they are better dessert-equipped for the weekend crowd (mid week might not have a big a selection?)  Should you order from the dessert case, my only recommendation is to make sure the dessert was covered on the side by wax paper- or it may be a little dried out on one side.  I tend to go to the Rochester location most often and the wait staff is always very helpful and accommodating to your needs- even when asking them to make sure you get a fresh piece of cake! The foods may seem pricey but its fresh and a nice atmosphere.  As with most places, I'm sure there was a slight increase in prices over the last couple years with the way the economy goes.  Lunch can be under $10 while dinner with apps will most like be around $17 (per person).  The menu is versatile enough to satisfy most people.  If you are afraid of ethnic foods this could be a nice starting place- nothing weird or overly spicy!  You may find the desire to return again!
Not salty Sizable portions Lentil soup good Souvlaki: beef was tender and tasty Combo Salad: was good.  The eggplant was just fantastic We would eat there again.
The beef kabab pita sandwich they have is probably the best tasting one I have ever eaten, with the pieces cooked medium well (tell the server how you want yours). The dolma was also very tasty - the rice feeling having a lot of flavour. My vegetarian friend loved her falafel pita sandwich and kept on mentioning how she doesn't like our usual Mediterranean fix anymore! Good service too.
This may be my favorite place to eat in Rochester. The food is....effing delicious. And cheap. My favorite food combo- cheap n' lish. My go to is the Falafel Salad -$6.75 (that's right- SIX DOLLARS AND SEVENTY FIVE CENTS, Y'ALL) gets you 4 HUGE, incredibly tasty falafels, greens, mushrooms, and feta. Do yourself a favor and get it with the Tahini-Yogurt, dressing. But beware- you're going to turn into that person who sounds like they are orgasming with every bite- "Ohhhh maaaannn." "MmmMMmM..." "AAAAHHH!!!" repeat. PIta wraps are $5-$6. Full entrees are $8... if you like Mediterranean food AT ALL... just go.
I've loved this place for many years, and I'm really pleased that they've kept it consistent during the time I've been a patron.  Aladdin's has great mediterranean food, quite possibly the best in all of Rochester.  I usually order Dolmades and Grecca with basil pasta and chicken, but I have tried almost everything on their menu and can attest to the other items being great as well.  Prices are quite reasonable, you do get a lot of great food for your money. The Monroe location is nice for the multiple levels and outdoor space; Summer is really the best time to go, but eating there year round is fine too.  I like bringing my out of town friends to Aladdin's to give them  a good experience while they visit Rochester.
I love this place. Healthy food in copious amounts. Great atmosphere. My daughter, who is two, ate more hummus and pita than I did. Her child's plate, which came with fresh fruit, was, in a word, unbelievable. The tuna salad pita was ginormous (I couldn't even have finished it had I tried) and the fresh fruit was amazing!  Strawberries, pineapple, melon, banana...a HUGE plateful. I did help her finish that. We had hummus and pita (again, humongous), gazpacho (tasty and fabulous), gyro pita (yummy), and a sampler platter of sorts with falafel and a couple other things (tasty as all get out).  And the prices?  More than fair for the amount of food you receive. I highly recommend this place. Come hungry!
I enjoy the likes of meat and chemicals.  This place made me feel bad about myself. I'm not as big a fan of feta as they thought I was.  I would recommend a lower-key eatery if you don't want to go broke eating pine nuts. I hear that Atomic Eggplant is delightful, not to mention Big Lots, which has some all-natural mushrooms growing in their toy section.
Wow to their ridiculous portions. Return on investment seriously rocks. They sat our large group upstairs and we started with a sampler of hummus, baba ganoush, dolmades, and pita bread. We split the dolmades and we tucked in. I ordered the lentil soup with grilled chicken. Our entrees came out 2 and 3 at a time. I was particularly impressed with the size of the falafel then more impressed with their price ($1??).  The lentil were great and the grilled chicken plentiful. I was happy that the chicken easily came apart beneath my spoon. Overall, I think everyone enjoyed their food. Several people went home with takeout boxes (again, large portions). I also thought it was great that the upstairs has its own dedicated bar and staff.
Aladdin's had to be one of my favorite restaurants while I lived in Rochester. The food is great and very decently priced, plus they serve all of my favorite Mediterranean dishes, plus a few that you probably won't find elsewhere in the Roc. For example, the pasta dishes at Aladdin's are great. I also love their veggie platter which comes loaded with falafel, baba ganoush, hummus, tabulee, dolmades and more. The lentil soup here is also very good, and so is the chili! You can even get them mixed together as the "lenchili." A bowl of this alone makes a hearty and delicious lunch...for under $5! The service here is quick. I think that this is a great restaurant for vegetarians, or just those with healthier eating habits. I also love the layout of this restaurant. A winding staircase is in center, which leads to upstairs seating and an outdoor patio, where you can also dine (weather permitting). I will always give Aladdin's an A+. It's one of my favorite Monroe Avenue lunch spots. BTW, my other menu favorite is the chicken salad pita with feta cheese (I get it without dressing, but you are offered the option). Not only is the pita huge, but it's loaded with huge chunks of chicken, apples, walnuts, cheese and sprouts...You have to try it!
I've dined at the Aladdin's in Corn Hill before, but this was my first time going to the one on Monroe Ave. I was pleasently surprised by thr welcoming atmosphere. I ordered the melanzanga which was outstanding and served with a very very large side salad. I wasn't a fan of the house dressing that accompanied it, but our server offered tziki in it's place and that was also not as good as expected.  My friend ordered a chicken ceaser salad and said it was phenomenal. Overall, I'd recommend going to Aladdin's if you are in the Monroe Ave area. The food is good, reasonable and you're likely to find something on the menu that you will like.
NOMTASTIC! got it to go this time and just as delicious. Can I just add that the chicken pita is absolutely amazing!!  . N that yogurt sauce?!!! Umm just dump in on my head. wut? I dont know but it is fantastic. You know your food is great when your dancing while eating it. My mom asked how the couscous chili taste and all I could muster to say was "cant talk eating". lol
I have been here many times over the past few years and each time the food quality is consistently delicious.  From the great pastas (e.g. Grecca), perfectly cooked falafel, Melanzagna or the house-made dolmades and baklava you can't go wrong.  Plenty of options for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. Also, the prices can't be beat for the quality. Service is always quick and friendly for lunch or dinner.  There are multiple levels with a downstairs seating area with bathroom for handicapped patrons. During the summer the patio is perfect to enjoy the summer nights. Note: This review is for the Monroe Avenue location.
There's nothing on the menu I don't like. I have been to so many restaurants lately where something is too bland or too greasy, too small, too uninspired for a lot of money, etc. The list goes on and on. I can always count on Aladdin's to deliver when I'm in the mood for consistent, delicious food and a really cheap lunch or dinner. The monroe ave owner visits tables from time to time and makes sure everyone is enjoying their food. He puts a lot of work in to the restaurant and makes the majority of the food. Limone pasta, tabulee app, chicken salad pita, the chicken pita, and the ceasar salad are my favorites. Love that I can get cheesy eddies carrot cake there too. The wine and beer selections are vast and inexpensive. Enough so where I don't mind ordering two drinks. The monroe ave location has some great people on staff and you always feel at home.
If you like Mediterranean fare, give Aladdin's a try. Their baba ghanoush is great, and the tourlou is even better. Since everything is natural, fresh, and mostly vegitarian, you'll feel healthier after eating here.
Went with the Falafel Pocket for around 6 bucks.  It was HUGE.  Easily the largest falafel sandwich that I've ever eaten.  When she said that it has 4 or 5 falafel balls, I thought to myself "piece of cake.  I've done this plenty of times."  NOT TRUE.  These falafel balls are roughly twice the size of any ones that I have seen previously.  And my god they are good.   Top it all off with some fresh veggies, tahini, and feta cheese.   Docked it one star because the pita didn't blow me away.
Wow! Awesome! Lived across the street from them on Monroe Ave. Best spainikopita I have ever had! Also, some of the best food in general. Very friendly staff. Making a point to visit again while in town!
Always on the "Where should I go tonight?" list. My favorite is the spinach linguine limone with chicken, but so far everything I've tried has been GREAT! Parking can sometimes be an issue, but even at the busiest times you can always manage if you don't mind a short walk. Considering how much food you get a little walk afterward is welcome anyway. I've only been to Monroe Ave and I would recommend that location to anyone who wants great food and good service at a very reasonable price.
Ordered a few items and everything was really good. The couscous with eggplant ratatouille was my favorite. The ratatouille had really good flavor and the couscous was moist without any lumps. The falafel wrap had a good mix of pita and falafel - not too doughy.  The banana peppers added the right amount of flavor to the wrap. The servers were very friendly. There are a ton of vegetarian options.
A distinctive perk at this location is the rooftop deck for eating. It's 75% covered with a few tables out in the sun if you want to take in the elements. During my latest visit, I baked in the sun and it was glorious (minus the one-sided sunburn on my left shoulder). This was an ideal summer afternoon lunch coupled with an ice cold brew. Their selection of beers is limited to the domestic and imported basics like Amstel, Bud Light, Boston Lager, etc. -- all $4. We got the hummus to start, and I had the Roman salad as an entree. I would swim in that hummus if I could, it's so good. It comes with a couple tomatoes, kalamata olives, and cucumbers along with a boatload of pitas (ask for more if you need it). Now for the salad, the pros had to be the Greek lemon vinagrette, and super fresh flavor of the tomatoes and apples -- it's a great summer salad. Oh, and it's huge (see the photo). The downside - and I can't believe I'm going to say this - there was too much cheese! Literally, golfball-size chunks of goat cheese tossed in the salad, which made the presentation a bit haphazard as the proportions were off. I had to sort through to get what I wanted with each bite, leaving a lot of cheese and apples remaining. Such a waste. I hate wasting food. And, it wasn't something to take as leftovers. It was still a tasty salad, it just took some work to actually get the bites out of it that I wanted. Their other options like pitas, spanikopita, basilica and limone pastas, and veggie appetizer combos are always stand by and consistently delicious.
After my first try this Wednesday, it undoubtedly goes to the top of my favorite restaurants list in Rochester. Staff are nice, food is delicious, seating area is comfortable (you can choose indoor or outdoor), and most importantly, price is LOW!! We ordered a veggie combo as appetizer, Gyro plate for me, and Mix Grill for my friend. The portion was SURPRISINGLY LARGE. And yes, food was delicious!! I felt bad that I didn't have any room for dessert at the end but I will def go back.
I went to Aladdin's over the weekend with my brother and my husband. The upstairs was packed. There weren't any seats available outside, so we were seated inside near the kitchen even though t the downstairs dining room was completely empty. I ordered the chicken salad, my husband ordered the beef kabob wrap, and my brother ordered basil pasta with marinara sauce. My salad was comically huge. It was served on a platter, and stood nearly a foot high. I am not joking. But it was tasty, so if you want more bang for your buck, go for the salad. My husband's wrap had an odd flavor and the beef was overly chewy. He ended up spitting it out after awhile because it wouldn't break down. Gross. The wrap was tiny - only slightly larger than an egg roll. My brother enjoyed his pasta once he scraped off the pile of scallions and olives sitting on top. The portion was small. Lots of sauce with maybe a handful of pasta. He finished his pasta in under 10 minutes and moved onto my salad. So if you don't like sharing, I guess you shouldn't order the salad. Our bill came to about $28 with tip. That was for 3 entrees and 3 tap waters. I would call it a cheap meal, but my husband and brother were still hungry. The menu was boring. Definitely nothing inspired here. The flavors were mediocre but the ingredients were fresh, so your best bet is to go with something that gets its flavor from fresh ingredients rather than seasoning. If you can assemble a sandwich or a salad, you can make better food than this quicker and for less money. And you won't be hungry afterward.
Everytime i have came here, I have been served fast well and everyones been great. The owner is a sweet man. The ladies are sweet too. I ordered ahead of time last time and was ready for me when i got there. I have also eaten there from time to time and sat in rest. I love this place. Food is great and price.  I think i am addicted :) Now i must try all the dishes.
I have never had a bad experience here, and the upstairs deck overlooking Monroe Ave is awesome during the warmer months!  Stuff your face full of green leaves and meat at the same time?? Why yes, I will do that!  Service has always been good and the management seems actively engaged, can't ask for much more.
Good Mediterranean restaurant. We had dinner there on a Sunday. It was mostly good. I had the combo souvlaki - the beef was great. It was a thick juicy cut, cooked medium rare. The greek dressing is also pretty good - lemony and minty.The chicken was all thigh meat and a little dry. The portions were huge so I'll have a good lunch for tomorrow. The humos was good. The falafel was a little dry. The grape leaves didn't look or taste all that fresh. The rice filling was tough and they weren't heavily seasoned.
I've been going here for about 15 years. The food isn't going to blow your mind, but it is pretty consistent and fairly priced. It's a good stand-by when you aren't sure what you are in the mood for of if you just can't do greasy-food. Service is always ok. My favorites are the chicken salad pita, chicken souvlaki plate, the hummus, and almost of all of the salads. Most people I dine with are pretty happy with the soups, too.
Mediocre food requires decent service, accurate information, and a clean environment. We came to eat an after event dinner just before 9 PM and were asked to leave as we crossed the threshold. I pointed out that the website has always said 10 PM so why did we drive 20 min to get there?  Response: "oh, I guess we didn't change that, did we". No you didn't and you won't see me again.
This is one of our favorite places to eat.  We are vegans and can find several options we can eat here.  The food is very good and the atmosphere is wonderful.  We eat at the one at Schoen Place, right on the canal.  We always choose to eat outside and can look out at the boats and ducks in the canal. We love it!
Great place for Mediterranean and family friendly too! the upstairs deck in the warmer months is a great place to sit and have a meal and some drinks. The staff is friendly and every time we go we have great service. We had take out recently as well and there was no lack in the usual quality, it was excellent! The hummus is delicious and the gyro sandwich is one of my favorites. I have had the falafel also and recommend it. 5 stars because this is a just a great place for a meal in Rochester!
My favorite restaurant in Rochester.  The hummus and the gyros are amazing.  I miss it.
I have high falafel standards. I am searching out that perfect 5 star falafel. I have still yet to find it. Aladdin's has good potential but has some room for improvement. The pros: -The place is nice, looks kind of fancy with good architecture. -The server was very friendly and helpful. He answered all my questions and related to my menu confusions. Totally thrilled to tip him 30% -Lots of menu variety, I can only vouch for the Falafel pita though -The falafel and the tahini sauce have great flavor. -Inexpensive, $6.20 was the final bill for my Falafel Pita The cons: -The menu states: "a Tahini-Yogurt sauce" well upon talking to the server, this is a tahini sauce and not yogurt at all. I had to do no veganizing because it was already vegan. Why they would list it as yogurt is anyone's guess. -The pita that comes is huge and stuffed with lettuce, tomato, and cucumber. The falafel comes on the OUTSIDE, on the plate. The tahini sauce comes in a little bowl too. So you basically have to deconstruct and then reconstruct your pita in order to make a real falafel pita. This process leads to destroyed pita and a big mess. The theory behind this sandwich construction should be analyzed for ease of use and adequacy of falafel consumption rates. -The falafel balls (good sized) were a bit under cooked. They could have used another minute or two to make them crispier. -While the architecture is great, there is no art around which makes the interior a bit bland. Overall, I think that 4 stars is deserved. They have great potential, a little work on execution would help. I will go again and I would recommend giving this place a shot, it is well worth is
I rolled in cold and hungry and weary from ten hours in the car and I remember this place having delicious lentil soup that took the pain right away. Satisfying, healthy food -- not dirt cheap, but certainly not expensive. Airy and spacious layout, with multiple levels to choose from, and clean. Service was friendly all the way.
Went there for informational meeting. We had the lamb wrap & falafel on pita. Nice size dish. Delicious. Teas & Baklava( w/ Pistachios) oh! The Gods awoke!
Great  Mediterranean food. Some of my favorites are Spanikopita, Grape Leaves, Hummus, Falafel, Eggplant Pita , Couscous and Lentil Soup. A lot of choices for vegetarians. Service is good. Food is consistent. The outside upperdeck is a great place to eat and people watch!
My favorite dish here has always been the eggplant pita. It's just. So. Good! And it's ridiculously cheap, something like $5 for a wonderfully crisp grilled pita shell stuffed with delicious slimy eggplant and feta cheese. The falafel pita is also impressive. I'd stay away from the pastas - they are so-so and a little overpriced. Stick to things that are wrapped and grilled here. They won't let you down!
All the food tasted overcooked, portions were small compared to my hometown Greek place. Staff was young, and friendly, but I didn't feel so great after eating here.
A great place if you're looking for affordable, healthy mediterranean cuisine. And by healthy I mean they have lots of fresh vegetables on their menu.
Their greek options are amazing. We order the 4 appetizer platter (falafel, hummus, spanakopita and sauteed spinach) with pita bread and fresh veggies. Almost every time we (2 people) finish the appetizer we take our meals home in a box. Their pita roll ups are very tasty, and their pastas are incredible, but I never have room after indulging in the appetizer platter. The portion size is incredible, the value is amazing and the wait staff is always friendly. Outdoor seating upstairs during the summer is very nice! Oh and very affordable wine too!
This is the perfect restaurant for college kids- the food is cheap AND delicious (and healthy, or at least healthier than campus food!). I ate here very frequently when I went to school in Rochester. My favorites were their falafel and their pita rolls. Highly highly recommended
They have a starter that's amazing. You can choose three sides, all in one plate. Get the tourlou, falafel and hummus! So good! Get it without the yogurt sauce and it's vegan!
Absolutely great experience all around. Great staff, great food, great prices. My boyfriend and I came here after reading the positive reviews on yelp and we were not disappointed. He ordered the Pignolia pasta with chicken and it was some of the best pasta I've ever had. I got the Melanzagna which came with my choice of salad, which was a big enough salad to share with my boyfriend. The restaurant itself was cute and had a nice outdoor balcony you could eat on. This was possibly the best greek food I've ever had and I'm disappointed that I don't live in Rochester because there was so much more I'd like to try on their menu!
Best greek food in Rochester. It's spacious and inexpensive, get your dolmas-on, you won't be disappointed.
I'm definitely a fan of Aladdin's.  Their gyro meat is so succulent and juicy! Yum. I also love how their have a huge outside seating patio, very fun atmosphere and good people watching.
I was back at Aladdin's in August 2010 and noticed that they had freshened up the atmosphere and the menu.  It was a welcome change!!
By far my favorite Rochester restaurant.  Great food, great service, and cheap!  The food is always fresh, they accommodate to meet any diet, and Aladdin's is always a pleasure!  I've never taken someone here and not have them love the food.  My father is a meat and potatoes guy and he raved about the vegetarian lasagna!  Also, the gyros are to die for and their salads are big enough to fill any size appetite!
This place is a must-try! The food is absolutely amazing and it's a great bargain!  My favorite is the Greek Salad with grilled white meat chicken! Yum. The Monroe Ave location has a great roof deck, otherwise the ambiance is a little dull and outdated. The service is always very friendly and fast.  Try the Pittsford and Cob Hill locations as well.
Absolutely amazing. To guage the quality and authenticity of a lebanese restaurant u have to test the hummus and the hummus was delicious. Everything else has to be good!
I cant hate, I just dont care for the food here outside of the Spanikopita which is to Die for.  But I will still give you 3 stars because they servers are friendly and the atmosphere is lovely and intimate. Im just not a big greek eater.
I was hoping for good mediterranean/middle eastern food, but it wasn't so great.  The portions were huge, but that didn't make the food good.
Best Greek food in Rochester.  Wait staff can be a little slow sometimes, but the food is definitely worth it.  $$
It is amazing. I really liked the food and the place. They have a nice collection of dishes, not huge but decant. They have Mahshi Malfoof (stuffed cabbage), Couscous, and of course a range of BBQ dishes. Some dishes are cooked with wine.
Amazing! I used to love this place :) and wish you had one out here in Denver.
Started out by trying the tzatziki soup.  I'm not sure what it was supposed to taste like but the tangy, yogurty flavor was fine and would have been wonderful for summer.  Unfortunately it appeared like I was eating salad dressing.  I guess there's no way around that with an herbed yogurt/cucumber soup.  Couscous with eggplant ratatouille wasn't bad and delightfully reminded me of something my mom makes.  The ratatouille was a little salty but made for amazing leftovers the next day.  I wasn't thrilled about the pita or the screaming child a table over.  Everyone in my group enjoyed their food and the service was very friendly and accommodating.
I love this place! It is a great casual restaurant that is cozy. I like to come here with friends. The menu selection is vegetarian friendly and there are many healthy options! Im addicted to the large greek pasta selection. You can choose your pasta type and a meat topping option. Try the pasta! There are also salads and other great greek entrees! Say that ten times fast!
I went here with my mom a couple of months ago. I ordered the Falafel Pita and my mother ordered the Spinach Linguine-Verdura. Honestly, I thought my falafel tasted too salty. I couldn't enjoy the pita, as mush as I would like since it was over powered by the saltiness. But maybe the cooks were having an off day? My mom's Spinach Linguine-Verdura tasted pretty good though! I wish I got that instead, but I was craving a falafel.
I write this fully knowing that I'm in the minority on this one.   I really wanted to LOVE this place.  I like natural food (unnatural food is just not as good) and Aladdin was my favorite disney movie!  Man, I am set up to love this place. But I think that a lot of the positive press for Aladdin's comes from the fact that it's really the only place of its kind in Rochester. The baba ghanoush is very good, but everything is just tastes waaay over salted.  I have to drink 1/2 gallon of water after I go to this place just so the water doesn't leave all of my cells to dilute out the salt. Not quite the magic carpet ride that I thought it would be.
amazing, cheap food. my boyfriend & i ordered the gyro plate & the chicklaki plate & ended up with salads bigger than i could finish. seriously awesome.
Architecture of the building is cool and location great. Upstairs eating terrace makes the experience that much more enjoyable. The food was adequate but they lose a point here because it is slightly rundown and could use some major updating. Even the hours on the outside door are half peeled off. So your hours are 11-          ? Infinity? The service was subpar. Employees seemed confused and unorganized.
