I've had (3) 60 minute massages here, each with a different masseuse: Jessica, Michelle, and Karie. It's worth noting I go to a chiropractor, and physical therapy for neck issues that cause weakness in my hands. This was my first massage ever, and was motivated by severe pain and headaches brought on by tightness. - With Jessica: My neck was excruciatingly tight . She did trigger-point massage for 45 minutes which proved effective in releasing knots and restoring mobility. Her movements were controlled and deliberate. It's clear she's skilled. fyi: I felt great for an hour after my massage, and then nauseated for the following 3 days (but still loose). Although I hear it's not uncommon to feel ill for a short period afterward (I was an exception), it took me by surprise. I don't attribute this to any error on Jessica's part, but rather a consequence of stress on the body. - With Michelle: She did "medical massage", again for my neck and upper back, using a hot stone and assortment of heating and cooling gels.This was a more "enjoyable" massage, yet less effective in restoring the muscle activation in my hands. Again, I don't fault Michelle. As with all the staff, she regularly asked me about my comfort and the pressure -- I simply didn't know the effect of different techniques/pressures on my recovery at the time and thus didn't ask her to modify anything. I particularly recommend her if you like having light hearted conversation during your massage. She's hilarious and sweet. - With Karie: She applied heat, did some kind of cross-fiber and trigger point technique on my neck and back, as well as arm and neck stretches. The minute she started I could feel the strength and concentration of her hands. Further, she's extremely skilled at finding knots/tight spots and relentlessly working through them. Hence this was my most painful massage, but also my favorite. I feel awesome. I don't mean to imply all massages are painful. They don't have to be. However,  in my experience long-term benefits don't come from enjoyable massages -- I want the knots gone -- thus none of my visits were "relaxing" per se, but all were effective in restoring my upper body mobility and hand functionality. I'm incredibly pleased with this company.   Side notes: - you can use flexible spending to purchase massages - give the masseuse a tip (being a newbie, I asked, haha) - this place has a parking lot, so that's handy
The reservation service was sucks. The first time I made reservation online. So that was perfect, However, there was a big storm during the day. When I got there, there was no electric in the store. So they just cancelled  my book without any call or message. I was pretty disappointed because I see the rate in yelp for this store is very high. Well, I tried the second time in two weeks later. I saw there was time section I could have in the day. Therefore, I just simply called the store. The reservation person replied me in second without doing any check: There is no appointment you can have today! The way she spoke to me was not polite neither. I was shocked and said: I checked online. There are two sections I should be able to have for today. Later on, she was like: ohhhh,yes. Actually, there are two time blocks you can book. Well, Ok.... In that minute, I decided that I would't spend any money on this store. So disappointed!!!!!!!
After spending a long day studying (after many other long days of studying), I noticed that I was developing a lot of tension and pain in my shoulders, neck, and upper back. I did an Internet search for massage places in the Albany area, and settled on Myo mostly because they were running a $50 for one hour massage special, and also had availability the next day. As another reviewer mentioned, I was able to access the $50 deal as well as schedule an appointment via the Myo website, which was extremely convenient and easy to use. When I arrived for my appointment, I was greeted by a courteous employee in the waiting room, who asked me to fill out a brief medical history form. Then my massage therapist Jessica came out to meet me. She was on time, prepared for my massage, and the room was all set up for me (it annoys me a great deal when the appointment is delayed because the therapist is MIA, the room isn't ready, etc. which has happened to me in other places). Once we got back to the massage room, Jessica asked me if I had any trouble spots I was looking to work on, and I told her about the studying-induced tension and pain in my shoulders, neck, and upper back. I asked for a full body massage with a little extra attention on those trouble spots. And that's what she delivered. I was impressed with her pacing - she managed to time everything so that I got the full body experience but also a little extra time on the painful trouble spots. She also asked several times if the pressure was good, if the bolster was comfortable, etc. It was clear that she was trying to make the experience as comfortable and relaxing as possible. She did an amazing job kneading out the knots and tension, and there were times when I could literally feel my muscles relaxing and unknotting under her hands. After I was dressed, Jessica had a glass of water waiting for me out front (which, as any massage lover knows, helps to flush any toxins released by the massage out of your body). Now, a few hours later, there is noticeably less tension and pain in my shoulders, neck, and upper back. She did such a good job on those areas that I would go back for a massage of JUST those areas (although the full body massage was great). As far as decor and ambience, this place is tastefully decorated (especially loved the decorations in the massage room itself) and it definitely has a calm, relaxing feel to it. It's nice and quiet with soothing music playing. This was somewhat of a gamble when I booked it, as I had never been here before and really just chose it at random. But I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely be going back to see Jessica again! Highly recommend.
Took my wife here for relief of back and hip pain. To give some back ground my wife is 18 weeks prego and just slipped on ice the day before at work. She has never had a massage, nor liked the idea of a stranger giving her one. We got there and the girl at the desk was nice, but like kids her age too wrapped up in her iPhone. The masseuse Karie came out and met my wife she put her at ease. I purchased the yelp deal so she got  90 minutes. My wife came out smiling and in less pain. She even said this is gonna be a monthly ritual. I recommend this place to everyone. The staff was very polite, even the desk clerk was polite and smiling. As I said she was just into her iPhone is all.
Went here on a whim for some stress relief and muscle relaxation. Jessica did an excellent job focusing on my shoulders/neck (as requested). I like that you can get less expensive massages (30 & 45min) and you're not stuck paying for 60min if you just want some quick relief. Nice location too. Definitely would go back here again!
Don't let her youth and petite frame fool you, Jessica can work trigger points out like nobody's business! I highly recommend the "head to toe" package - the face massage is surprisingly relaxing - you can feel the tension ease away, particularly between the eyes. I think anything to do with feet is gross and was hesitant to have my feet massaged - I now know I have been missing out on one of the most relaxing experiences - Jessica is very in tune with the patient and communicates well during the massage to ensure pressure and focus are what you want, customizing her massage "strategy" to suit any special conditions (I have thoracic outlet syndrome for example). The building exterior is kind of non-descript so I wasn't really expecting to find such a calming "oasis" inside - it is truly lovely. I will be back and I wanted to spread the word about Jessica's good work! It is really cool that you can book appointments online at their website - so you can see availability without having to stop and call. Love that! It is now two days since my massage - I had a deep furrow between my brows and it has practically vanished from the mini facelift massage - I can't believe it! I am definitely going to schedule a longer session of face massage because it really seems to make a difference in the youthfulness of my forehead (if there is such a thing!) -wow - and much less expensive than Botox!
I got a deal with Groupon and made an appointment to have a massage the next day through their website. I was so happy they are open 7 days a week and had openings. Karie was my therapist and she was wonderful. She read through my health history and we talked about my pain and preferences. At first I thought the building was so small, but the room where my massage took place was very spacious. The heated massage table was awesome. I can't believe I'd never experienced one before. Karie spent a long time working on the knots in my upper back - very patiently kneading through each one. Then she worked on the rest of my body just like I asked. It was perfect. I also appreciate that they offer 30/45/60 minute massages. I can go in and get a 30 minute back/shoulder massage for $40.
I was thrilled with my hot stone massage from Carol at Myo this week. She was a true professional and extremely intuitive and personable. I felt like a new person when I left the spa. I can't thank her enough, and I highly recommend her and everyone at Myo Massage. I also can't wait to have the opportunity to come back. Thank you for everything!
Can always could on Michelle at Myo Massage to make me feel like all is well again. A good massage is not that easy to find - I know - I'm a massage therapist!
Kelly (my masseuse) was wonderful. She made proactive suggestions after knowing my concerns and gave me a combination massage. I would definitely go here again!
I purchased the $100 gift certificate for $75 promotion on Yelp and scheduled my appointment on the Myo website, which was very quick and convenient. I saw Kelly because she had an opening during my available time. The shop was very pretty, decorated nicely, with relaxing music playing softly. Kelly was very sweet, gentle and slow, and she did an amazing job on a horribly tight knot below my shoulder blade. I felt wonderful when I left and the relaxed feeling only seemed to grow as the hours passed. I will definitely be back.
