We made a dinner reservation here for a large group, and surprisingly I would say the experience was a positive one. One of my friends is a regular here, but I had my doubts upon entering - the outside is decorated like a movie beach bar and the dim lighting reminded me of shopping at A&F. You've been warned. However this was merely a disguise for all the many things that won me over about this place. For starters, these Asian/ international fusion inspired dishes really delivered on the flavour and presentation. Although we waited slightly longer on the service, it was understandable because we were a large group and they brought all our tapas at the same time. - Tostones and guacamole: plenty of fresh-tasting guac and well-made plantain pieces to pull apart and dip. We ordered two rounds because it was that good, highly recommended. - Crispy calamari (with caramelized peanut sauce, pineapple, shredded vegetables): crispy but not crunchy, the pineapple really packs a punch and was quite unique. - Bangkok beef salad (with peanut, mint, mango, fried shallot, nam jim dressing): I loved this dish, the beef was made to perfection. I didn't catch much of the mint or mango but the dressing and peanuts were very flavourful and I wanted to basically drink the sauce. Yum. - Moroccan hen with fig and couscous: I didn't try this but the presentation was truly something to marvel at. My friend enjoyed very much and said it was quite filling. - Origin Chocolate Crunch Bar with caramelized orange ice cream and toasted meringue: break a piece of the bitter orange and have that with the chocolate, then a spoonful of ice cream and meringue. Nicely presented and has that melt-in-your-mouth effect. However I was a little confused about the watercress decoration on top...maybe it's just me but I don't want to see green things in my dessert. Last but not least we were served by the most wonderful waiter, Jesse. He was very attentive, patient and had a friendly chat with us!
Update: I came back to try their brunch and my experience was definetly a lot better than last time. My boyfriend and I ordered the French toast with mixed berry compote and the pork fried rice. French toast: three pieces of bread was plenty. It was sweet and warm and most of all, crispy on the outside, melt in your mouth inside. Pork fried rice: probably best dish between the two. It came with two fried balls on top which turned out to be two eggs! The crunch from the fried eggs with the pork and the not too salty fried rice was a great combination. I highly recommend this! Our waitress was quick and attentive. Service was fast as always and it was nice brunch experience for under $40.00.
Great Service, Great Food, Good wine list must tries are the miso black cod, spanish fries, and burrata.
Restaurant: Origin Restaurant Cuisine: International Location: St Lawrence Market Address: 107 King St E Price Range: $15~ 1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent Food: 3 Service: 4 Ambiance: 3 Overall: 3.5 Extra information: * Takes reservation * Open for brunch on weekends * Open for lunch and dinner * Serves alcohol * Sharing style I don't know about you, but I normally never go to restaurants that are around my house. And this is funny because I live downtown- smack middle of it too. So this should explain why I never cared to check out Origin restaurant until my friend decided to organize the dinner there one day. As far as I can remember, it rained that day and it was perfect in terms of convenience- at least for me anyways. I never really got to grasp what the Origin restaurant really was about. I would walk by and see people eating something.. but could not put my finger on it, what type of food are they serving? Of course, it turned out to be 'internationl'- little bit of everything from here and there and yes, they recommend you share all the dishes. Since there was few of us, I got to try a lot of the things that triggered my foodie mind- Ordered: Deviled eggs 4/5 * Souffletine + herbs + smoked bacon for $7 * This was one thing off the menu that everybody seemed to order * The presentation of this dish is gorgeous * They took 'could be boring' devilled eggs and made it into art * I think the presentation was more exciting than how it tasted * Still worth a try, it was a nice appetizer Ordered: Bufala mozzarella 4/5 * Served with pear, rosemary oil, pinenuts and honey for $17 * I actually considered ordering this as my main dish if we weren't sharing * Well made bufala mozarella could be so delicious on its own * This was good, but was too salty for everyone at the table * Pear added nice sweetness where the pinenuts added a crunch Ordered: Burrata 3/5 * Served with butternut squash puree and basil for $17 * I thought this would be served the way Bufala mozzarella was served * There was something in butternut squash puree that made it spicy * I didn't really care for this dish Ordered: Bangkok Beef Salad 4/5 * With peanuts, mint, mango, fried shallot and nam jim dressing for $16 * This was nice and light, it was almost like pad thai but raw and without noodles * Beef was cooked medium rare which I enjoyed Ordered: Cornish hen adobo 4/5 * Served with plantain and mole for $22 * This was another solid dish that was well made * Hen was cooked perfectly, nicely charred outside and tender inside Ordered: Crispy calamari 2/5 * Served with caramelized peanut sauce, pineapple and shredded vegetables for $17 * I found the calamari to be not so crispy, but rather soggy * It wasn't anything too memorable Ordered: Origin beef burger 4/5 * Served with avocado, smoked mayo and arugula for $17 * We made this into a combo with Spanish fries and float for $25 * This is one dish that I would probably get again * With the spanish fries (which I didn't care for) and the float (which came way too early so it just ended up melting before we finished our mains), $25 is a pretty good deal * I didn't really care for spanish fries because I personally like skinny, crispy fries Ordered: Beef tenderloin 4/5 * Sizzling hot plate, potatoes, kale, mushrooms, roasted onion butter and ponzu for $33 * This is one dish that was really hard to share but I still enjoyed it nontheless Summary: I left Origin restaurant feeling a little confused. It might have been that there were a lot of us so I got to try a little too much in short period of time. Or maybe it was the whole 'international' cuisine thing happening. There were some solid dishes here and there but nothing that blew my mind. The bill can get quite pricey since it is sharing style so keep that in mind.
This place was awesome. We came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. We sat at the bar area surrounding the (very) open kitchen. While looking at the menu we watched the kitchen staff expertly prepare plates and communicate with one another. I ordered the French toast with the duck confit and a "boozy" coffee. The French toast looked more like dinner rolls than slices of bread, but was delicious nonetheless. The mix of rhubarb, sugar, cream and duck may sound intense but it was amazing. My partner had the fried rice which was equally as good. I'd highly recommend making a reservation and checking out this spot.
Interesting food, delicious cocktails. Went for birthday dinner with my parents & partner. I believe we enjoyed everything
As everyone said, the duck confit is delicious. Everything else though is OK.
We had a wonderful dinner at Origin.  We were seated at the "dining bar" which we normally wouldn't choose but actually it was comfortable and surprisingly romantic.   Starting with cocktails (try the "First Flight") and the great decor, we enjoyed everything about this place.  The service (our server was also the manager) was outstanding, attentive, and knowledgeable, both about the food and the wine list.  We enjoyed all the dishes, but the highlights were the steak tartare and the duck tacos.  Also the Spanish fries were very good (but could have used a bit more chorizo).  The mozzarella menu is something unique and interesting.  We tried the one with the preserved lemon and the mix of flavours and textures was delicious. We ended the evening with a delicious vermouth on the house, which was a great surprise.  Definitely we'll go back.
Made reservations at Origin one Saturday night for four. The restaurant had an upscale vibe, trying to be trendy, but seemed very touristy. We started off with some cocktails, the spicy Spanish fries and two different buffalo mozzarella dishes. All were delicious, and finished within minutes. For my main I had the warm mushroom salad that had a fresh citric dressing which was a welcomed surprise, really complimented the dish. I also had the chance to take a few bites of the butternut squash risotto. Extremely rich, and creamy! You may have to share that dish with a friend if you're not good with something that is very heavy. Overall, food is good, and service is fine. But this place lacks character or passion. It seems like any other restaurant near by (Joey's, Earls, Milestones, etc.), filled with tourists who like to  depend on reliable places.
Came here for dinner with a girlfriend. Service was friendly (although I could have done without the attitude from the server when I asked to split the bill...) Asked for the bartender to make me something, it was good - forget what it was. Had duck confit - delish. I'm not vegan but my friend is so I asked if any of the desert items were vegan so we could split and she said they could make a sorbet for us - nice of them to be so accommodating. :) (Would be smart if they added one or two vegan menu options). Pricey but that's to be expected given it's King West. Not sure I would go back since I feel like the quality of the food (while good), nor the ambiance or service was worth the overall price tag.
This review is mostly for the cocktails workshop. I booked a cocktail making workshop and it was hands on! Our bartender / instructor, Zac, was incredible. Knowledgeable, funny, he made everyone in my group feel at ease. Before it took place, he was attentive to details - inquiring on what cocktails we would like to learn, inquiring on food allergies. Communications leading up to the workshop were very informative and took place at frequent intervals. He set up 3 stations for my group of 6. He gave an informative talk on the tools used and the history of the cocktails. He set up everything we needed to make the individual cocktails. Although we were measuring our drinks and making them, the exact amounts of additional ingredients were poured in smaller, individual containers (for lack of a better word). To clarify, we poured the alcohol into the measuring cups. He gave us precise instructions on how to make each drink. In total, we made 3 drinks: French 1875, a sparkling wine based cocktail, the sidecar, a Brandy based cocktail, and an Old Fashioned, a Bourbon based drink; 3 of the group members substituted the Old Fashioned for a chocolate martini. Of these, the French 1875 is my favourite. The sidecar felt strong, but I was able to eventually drink it. The Old Fashioned, was the strongest though. I sipped it very slowly. I was tipsy at the end of it, but I left informed on cocktails and the difference between shaken and stirred cocktails. Yes, there was a Bond question, courtesy of me! I highly recommend this cocktail making workshop!  It is fun!  It is so well organized and Zac took care of everything and made sure we were comfortable and enjoying ourselves. Before I forget, each drink came accompanied with a taste of their dishes: oysters, Bangkok salad and beet salad (matching the French 1875, the sidecar and the Old Fashioned (or martini for the others) respectively). I almost forget, we even got a complimentary shot! A group of us stayed for dinner. I had the cornish hen (half) in mole. Absolutely succulent.
Snobby. Went there on Sunday at noon. Empty tables all over. Hostess claimed they were all reserved and party of '2' can't sit at a table for 4. Offered a tiny bar area or a crouch over and eat your meal lounge area. I waited for 15minutes and not one party w a reservation took all those empty seats. Hostess was turning away couples bc there was no 'free' tables. All in all. Snobby place and left.
Origin presents a wonderful ambiance to enjoy a group dinner with friends or a nice place for a date, with dim lighting from cool chandeliers and candles, banquette seating and an open-concept kitchen to watch the chefs throw-down. I ate a late dinner here with friends and really enjoyed my time. The cocktails and wine list were great and we were able to even order drinks not listed. The hostess and waitress were really sweet - no pretentious airs whatsoever that you can often experience at modern restos in the city. I ordered the smoked fish cakes, which had a nice smoke to them - not overpowering -  a great crust and delicious filling. Following that was the squash and pumpkin risotto with marscapone, pine nuts and squash tuiles. Wow! What a dish! Often when I order risotto at restaurants it's underwhelming, but this was bang-on flavourful, creamy and balanced. I gobbled every bite :)
Buffalo mozarella with pear and pine nuts was excellent. The dressing on the smoked tofu salad was overpowering with too much citrus/vinegar, thus killed the smokiness of tofu. Pasta with lobster tail (Just a few pieces) dish was a ripped-off in my opinion @$30. Had two kinds of Pinot's, a Carneros and Chilean. Liked the Carneros better. Food not impressive overall, but nice ambience.
Food was excellent. Exciting flavours, fusions and presentation. I wanted to try most things on the menu (e.g. Lobster ceviche + aji Amarillo + coconut + yuca chips _  17= OMG) However to please everyone we settled on: Oysters in the half shell + yuzu dressing _  Market Price Marinated olives _  7 Burrata + pesto + eggplant + roasted red peppers _  17 Chinois duck + flour tortilla + cucumber + hoisin + sriracha + sour cream _  17 Citrus + curd + meringue + coconut + mint _  10 Hot chocolate cake + candied citrus + soft serve _  10 This review loses a full star due to the service that we received. Female server with the suspenders and pinned back braids: I understand that the "suits" and work folks can be a bit much at times, but I didn't appreciate your attitude and assumptions that night. I will follow your lead and make some assumptions of my own. I assume that because I was dining with two female workmates straight from the office, we were treated as bland yuppies with uninteresting taste. I ordered an elderflower cocktail and our server almost forbid me from ordering it and warned me snarkily that "it's pretty strong". She also tried to take away dishes before we were finished. God forbid we act like the kind of annoying girls who pick at their food for one night! I know this "review" is getting kind of bitchy and annoying itself, but thinking of the server from that night is some authentic inspiration.
UPDATE: Been here again for dinner... had the japanese tuna salad and the popcorn... ok the popcorn was good but not $11 good... the tuna salad was delicious, I wanted something light but i think it's a better lunch dish. It was really good, it didn't disappoint! The only thing is that the dressing is a little tart. Since my last review, I've been back here for Brunch! Ok... So first of all... This is the first non-smoking patio I've ever been on. Everywhere else I've had to deal with the intrusive odor of smokers and the mess they make! It ruins my appetite and smoking is a disgusting habit! Anyways, I ordered the French toast with duck confit and blueberry compote... Amazing!!!! I had coffee and a Caesar after the meal. The caesar was spicy, which was nice! My boyfriend has the corned beef with sweet potatoes and egg. It was okay. It was simple and something that I could've made at home. Out of everything else on the menu, it was unimaginative. I felt so bad cause it sounded good and I suggested he ordered it. But that's okay because we'll be back again. The reason I only give 4 stars and not 5 is because the bill was $70 with tax and tip included. For a brunch, it's a bit on the prover end for me but it was such a lovely day outside, that made up for it
Came back here for another lunch and tried a good chunk of their menu: Spanish fries are still easily the best appetizer!  Also had the spicy tuna roll from the raw menu.  Waiter told us it could be the best sushi in the city - it was good but he was definitely stretching it a bit.  Comes with a mayo sauce and it's a bit on the messy side.  Next was the Bufala Mozzerella, pear, and honey - delicious - the cheese is very soft has a great contrast with the honey/pear.  Had both the beet and bangkok salads.  The bangkok salad came with generous slices of beef on a bed of rice noodles - it was OK.  The beet salad was very good.  I'm a big fan of beet salads in general and the walnut/goat cheese/yogurt go well with it. Hot dishes consisted of the chinois duck again (they also gave a gluten free tortilla for my colleague!), Papardelle, and Curried shrimp (which I wanted to try last time).  Chinois duck was the favourite dish of the table.  The curried shrimp was a close second.  The naan is thick and bready and the curry is thai based, not indian.  There's not much spice to it at all.  Papardelle was cooked very nicely, but I was so full by this point I'm not sure if I enjoyed it... I also tried the "mile high" cocktail.  Suffice to say, this drink is for the ladies - whoops!
Ah, the hated and often irrelevant "This is a brunch review" review. Now, I'm usually not one to stop and eat somewhere with a brunch menu, but we were walking by and they had a burger, so I figured it'd be a safe bet. Wrong. I asked for my burger cooked rare and our waitress claimed they don't grind their meat in-house so they cook it to medium-well. The issue here isn't that they "don't grind it in house" -- the issue is that Origin clearly doesn't take enough pride in its menu to buy good meat daily. There are wholesalers and butchers who will supply restaurants with fresh ground beef. I've been to plenty of high-end restaurants and dive bars that can cook their burgers rare, and I'm sure not *all* of them were grinding meat in-house. You can't charge $16 for a burger when every second hole-in-the-wall churns out a respectable patty for $7 these days, and every other $16 burger in the city is some sort of dry-aged, fresh-ground custom blend. It's lazy and evinces a completely indifferent attitude towards customers -- I can just imagine the thought that went into putting the burger on the menu: "Well, we need something that isn't 'brunch food' and everyone else is serving high-end hamburgers these days, so let's just go buy some meat from Loblaws and put a $16 price tag on it since dudes who don't want poached eggs will have no other choice." Anyways, as alluded to above, I didn't want poached eggs so I was shit out of luck for everything else on the brunch menu except the grilled cheese, which apparently is just Kraft Singles (billed as "cheddar cheese") and white bread. Not knowing any better, I asked the waitress if it was a sharp cheddar and she told me "Not really." She should have told me the truth, that the cheese is Kraft Singles. And if it wasn't, then it was some other cheap processed cheese. Same story as the burger -- crappy bread, crappy cheese, absolutely no discernible effort. Maybe their cocktails are good but I wouldn't know since they never brought the Caesar I ordered. The spanish fries side dish, however, was great. Overall just horrible. I had wanted to go for dinner, and while I know the menu and atmosphere are different, I have a hard time believing they suddenly put that much more effort into it. Lunch was only $48 and it felt like the biggest ripoff of my life.
I will begin by saying that the service here was amazing. Helpful, always on time with drinks and able to make a polite break in our girl talk to ask a question-- which is a hard thing to do with three girlfriends who haven't been together for quite some time. We were celebrating a birthday and I don't think we told them, but they found out and brought a candle in a little glass of black beans for our friend to make a wish on her dulce de leche parfait! The decor has a dark, clubby feel on the bar side and a minimalist bistro feel on the other. Good luck fining your way to the bathroom, located at the back, in the basement--- just when you think you're about to walk into the kitchen, you're met by several signs shouting "KEEP OUT!!". Then you can pee. If you can decide which bathroom to use. Upon seeing the urinal in one-- I chose the other. Yes, the food---ok... well...it was a full "meh". I think my main issue with Origin, and other places like Kultura, Nyood, is that their menu tries to culture hop too much. My palate ends up being assaulted with several disharmonious flavours-- especially when the food is brought quickly and you're met with many dishes inspired by Indian, Spanish, American Diner, Chinese, Thai and Italian. It's not that any of it wasn't good. It was just too much too fast. It also wasn't great, either. We began with four things at our table at once: Spicy Spanish Fries: Yum they were a lighter version of Poutine. But I found the flavour of the manchego to be lost on the fries. I prefer it on it's own with wine or shaved on a salad. Pakoras were alright, but the transition from manchego to strong cumin and coriander was like driving in a car with someone who can't operate a stick shift. To be honest, if I want Pakoras, I'll visit an Indian restaurant. Truffle popcorn is gorgeous and dripping with infused butter and oil and sprinkled with what I am assuming must be Reggiano to justify the $11 price point. I make a lighter version of this at home when I watch a movie, simply with truffle oil and sea salt. Guacamole was a scant portion speckled with pumpkin seeds with maybe four crispy chips. Mozzarella di Bufala with pear, honey and pine nut is nice, but tasted cloyingly sweet after the previous savoury journey across most of the world. We felt like we were eating dessert. However, this did not deter us  from ordering another bottle of wine. Then the mains arrived: Chinois duck crepes were very good, but I'm betting it wouldn't be to hard to put these babies together at home. The more harmonious flavour of the Bangkok Beef Salad was a better transition for sharing. My friends also split the burger, which I did not try so I can not comment. I won't eat my meat cooked beyond Medium Rare-- It's a religious thing :P Nothing that we had made me sit up and go 'Wow'! Since the brain is the biggest sensory organ we have, I like food to make me think. I'm a firm believer that there is a psychology to food as well as the art of cuisine and flavour. I wasn't inspired to try making any of the dishes at home nor was I left trying to pick apart the ingredients and figure out how they made things the way they did. For me, this is called 'boredom'. Most of the dishes were clashing clanging and screaming at me. Like five radios blaring all at once, but playing different music. It's fun to try nibblies and share your food, but I prefer an overall theme. Good luck pairing a wine with this menu. I'm really surprised that foodies like this place. The brunch menu looks a little more cohesive so I might be tempted to go back and try that, but for the price, I'll probably stay home and make cod cakes with dosa. Our birthday friend, when talking about going to the movies, remarked that she doesn't like to go and see a lot of films in theater because of the sensory overload-- sometimes the sound is too loud and the visual is too in your face, this can detract from the story,  the plot and finally the overall experience. I think she perfectly described Origin and their menu concept.
This tapas restaurant was absolutely outstanding.  We shared 6 dishes, and each was better than the last.  The ones we tried included the Spanish fries, the bofalo mozarella with pear, the curried shrimp, the beef salad, the chili chicken (very spicy!), and the calamari.  Each dish was absolutely fantastic.  Service was also very good, and ambiance is quite nice (although a bit trendy).  Origin has become one of my Toronto favourite restaurants!
used to captivate me When Origin first opened...it had my attention. A stylish venue showcasing ethereally plated food. Pseudo-literally...every dish was unworldly beautiful and tasted heavenly. At least that's what I remember. This time around, it was less so. It felt more like an overpriced lunch. Still good but I felt no love and service was so proper and pretentious it was almost cold. Luckily I had the company of an old friend? McLaren picked Origin because it's in the vicinity of his new office, it's also fancy, just like him. The patio was perfect for a lunch. It wasn't a quick lunch though, they take their time and serve you in a particular order so the dishes follow seamlessly after one another. Of course I found that annoying, cause sometimes girl just wants to eat. McLaren finally spoke up because he needed to get back to the office too. Miso black cod... I love black cod. I've eaten it countless times. This was not memorable. These two were my favourite...because you can't go wrong with duck...and you had me at fior di latte (cow's milk mozzarella): Fior di latte with mushrooms, truffle oil and spinach - Mmmmm...delectable. Chinois duck on flour tortillas with cucumber, hoisin, sriracha and sour cream. Yum. Japanese style tuna salad with asian pear avocado and spicy ponzu dressing The rice puffs were different. Not better, just different. Taking every dish into account, lunch was really good. Worth the $100 tab? I think that warrants a retraction. Lunch was just good.
Came here for drinks, intending to eat, but the service was so poor that I went elsewhere for dinner.   The place has a great vibe, but it was a Monday night and there were very few patrons.  Waiting 10-15 minutes to get a second drink is unacceptable.
Another Toronto goto when visiting- always have had amazing food with so much variety. Love this place
Came here for the fourth time this past Friday and had a wonderful experience.  The brunch at Origin isn't too shabby either and their patio is perfect for lounging during the summer. This place is almost perfect, but not quite 5 star worthy. This particular location is usually busy, so I highly recommend booking a table, especially for larger groups (4 or more). We managed to get a spot for 2 at the bar which has its own advantages. You get your drinks much quicker, there are some complimentary finger foods to snack on, and they play a silly selection of films on the large flat-screen TV. After placing our order with the snappily dressed bartender, we munched on corn nuts, and watched Bruce Lee's Way of the Dragon. A Tribe Called Quest was playing quite aggressively on the speakers as our French 75s arrived. This sparkling cocktail is delicious, but the mood turns sour when Mobb Deep's Hell on Earth starts playing. I don't want to listen to depressing music about the horrors of living in the ghetto while I'm out on the town trying to enjoy the start of my long weekend. Luckily, that was the only bad selection on the playlist, but management should still ensure that all the songs are appropriate for the ambiance. Bruce Lee is kicking some serious butt as a very generous portion of veggie Pakoras arrives. There is a nice assortment of perfectly cooked green beans, zucchini, and cauliflower, accompanied with a refreshing minty Raita. The yogurt sauce is perfect for balancing out the richness of the fried batter. Another round of French 75s please. The main battle between Bruce Lee and Chuck Norris is about to begin as our beet salad arrives. Chest hair is being ripped off while we cut into a whole beet that is in the center of the plate with crumbles of goat cheese scattered around. I really liked the fact that a generous whole beet was beautifully presented and well cooked. As we await our fried calamari, the bartender puts on a Turkish version of E.T. This movie is absolutely ridiculous! We were laughing so much that it was difficult to get grumpy over the disappointing dish. The bodies were nicely cooked, but the tentacles, which are the best part, were missing. Last time I had this dish it came in a bowl with too much sauce and the batter lost all of its crispiness, but the tentacles were there. This time the dish was better plated, as the bartender assured me, but came without tentacles. A poorly made plate of food that is not worth the $15. Never again. The star of the night was the trout, with sunchokes, and kale. The skin on the fish was super crunchy and crispy, but the flesh was still flaky and moist. I could've eaten the entire plate by myself. And lastly, for dessert we shared a tasty hot molten chocolate cake with candied orange and soft serve ice cream. Overall, Origin is a great place for a fun date or dinner with friends, but you may wish to take your parents elsewhere depending on their personality. The food is good, but not all the dishes are great. Ditto for the cocktails (I had a terrible one a few weeks ago, but can't recall the name and their menu is not available on-line).
The space is great, and tapas is always a favorite of mine. Of course with tapas, there are going to be high and low notes. Out of what we had, the high notes: - Deviled Eggs. Not your average one. I was expecting the indulgent kinda redneck version which I love but this one is more like its chic neighbor. Crispy smoked bacon, not overly creamy or heavy, and a good drizzle of oil and herbs. - Bufala mozzarella with pear, rosemary oil, pinenuts, honey. What a winning combination and it comes served with a huge slice of bufala mozzarella. I always love the combination of cheese and honey and everything here worked well. The ones that missed the mark or were somewhat unmemorable: - Lobster Ceviche. I love lobster but I can't remember much about this dish other than the fact there wasn't a lot and it was a bit too wet. Nothing really popped. - Oyster with Yuzu. I love yuzu but in this case I really felt it overpowered the oyster, especially when the oysters were on the extremely small side.
I witnessed every step of the creation of this place on the corner of King and Church. I went through several rounds of wanting to like this place. It seems every person I know wants to try this place when they come to my area and, to be honest, this is the last place I want to go to. It's not that it isn't good tasting.  It is just that it is incredibly poor value that they think they can get away with with a dim room and good looking servers and nice plating. I have been here for brunch, lunch, drinks and evening tapas both in summer and winter.  While the patio is a great location... it just lacks charm and character. It's a cold place that ends up being a pretty mediocre experience. I feel like this is where you want to go when you don't particularly enjoy your company so you are trying to table hop.  Therefore, a great date place if you are really unsure about how much you like your company, but a terrible place if you want somewhere somewhere comfortable with you and a group. I just fail to see why people like this place in comparison to the MANY other scenes on this corner where you could do better in EVERY type of category.
Perhaps the fifth star is because this restaurant is so far beyond most of what is available  in Ottawa, but gosh darn this was a good meal! I had  tried to go to Origin  before but couldn't get a reservation. Last Thursday I happened to be in the neighbourhood and took a chance on a single seat.  I am so glad I did. The place  has an open kitchen right in the middle of the restaurant.  The host who seated me could not have been nicer.  He even stopped by a couple times during the meal to see how I was doing.  (How often does the guy who hang up your coat come by to visit? And since he was my son's age, I'm pretty sure he wasn't stopping by to flirt...) Seated right beside the prep station, I was enthralled with cooks' attention to detail.  The young woman running the station treated each dish as a personal crusade --- sprouts for garnish were repeatedly arrayed on a linen napkin and examined for size and shape as though she was searching for four-leaf clovers.  Each oyster was lovingly shucked (and delicately sniffed!) before being bedded on ice. The downside of dining alone was that I didn't have a partner with whom to discuss the menu and trade bites.  Left to my own devices, I veered away from ceviche - a favourite appetizer but since there is actually a mozzarella section on the menu, I figured it would try out one of the four different mozzarella offerings. Mine was terrific - nice slices of crisp baguette, topped with a little honey, poached pears, generous chunks of buffalo mozz, rosemary oil and toasted pine nuts.  Yum, perfect combination of flavours and textures. Second course was chinois duck in fresh made tortillas with hoisin, sriracha, cucumber, and sour cream.  Again, a great combination of sweet and savoury, crisp and creamy. By now, I was getting full -- (small plates are smaller in O Town) but the dessert menu was amazing: caramelized banana, chocolate sorbet, vanilla custard and crunchy hazelnut "cereal" (more like cookie chunks than cheerios). The bill for one, with a nice glass of tempranillo, was around $60.  Money well spent considering the service, floor show and fabulous food.
Famed chef, Claudio Aprile's casual dining lounge is a dark and boisterous place, perfect for a Friday night out with friends.  The room is sophisticated and comfortable while still accommodating a large number of people.  I would not recommend it if you are looking for a quiet intimate dinner as it does get quite loud with all the happy diners and the eclectic music.   All dishes are served "tapas" style and are meant for sharing.  This gives everyone a chance to sample little bits of a wide selection.  Origin does remarkably well at mixing Asian and contemporary European flavours representative of Toronto's multi-culti palate.  Their take on Bangkok beef salad as well as miso glazed black cod were outstanding.   Many of the sauces struck the perfect balance of sweet/sour/savoury and were worthy of lapping up with a spoon or straight from the drippings in your saucer.  Plate lickingly delicious! Burata mozzarella atop eggplant and sweet pepper puree drizzled with a bit of basil oil bursts in your mouth with flavour and creamy texture. Spicy Spanish fries and truffled popcorn were absolutely snackingly delicious, we could have spent all night just snacking on these two things alone. Tuna hand roll Suffice it to say that everything that Origin does has so many interesting flavours going on but never strays too far in over-complicating the food.  One bite of anything and you feel satisfied with every chew.   Our one only put off is the strict adherence to seating times.  I understand that restaurants depend highly on turnover but sometimes it seems too abrupt to end a superb meal to make way for the next reservation if there are empty tables around.   Nevertheless, Origin is fully worthy of  the praise and many repeat visits.
The Spanish fries and duck are really suggested.
It's food experiences like this that clock in at "top tastes of my life," will forever be remembered and make me wish I could write restaurant reviews like Ruth Reichl. I'm an eater. Not a trendy buzz word "foodie." An eater. And I frickin' know good food. And Origin surpasses most. In Toronto with my parents visiting family and my Mom has the keen ability to sniff out the hottest places in town before we even arrive. Where do we head straight from the airport? Origin. From the minute I walk in, I am intoxicated by the décor, the energy radiating from each table and the warmth of the waiters, dark wood and exposed kitchen. It beckons me. I am home. Where do I even begin? No reservation on a Saturday night = a place at the bar = Best. Night. Ever. The décor is dark, elusive and creatively authentic. Painted barbed wire mangled around a light, wisps of white netting ensconced around hanging lights. I love it here and never want to leave. Reading the menu made me feel like a kid in a candy store. I wanted it all. We put our trust in our phenomenal bartender/waiter, Waseem, who was exceptional and never led us astray. Per his recommendation we started out with tostones (huge, fried plantains) + homemade guacamole. This was a flavor adventure in my mouth. The lemon essence in the guacamole was so pungent, so complementary of the flavorful plantains. Could it get any better? Oh yes, it could. We dove into deviled eggs + gemolata + smoked bacon next. The crisp saltiness of the bacon coupled with commanding deviled eggs danced in my mouth as if they were two lovers having an affair. Our adventure continued with the Bangkok beef salad + peanut + mint + mango + fried shallot + nam jim dressing. The flavors and textures of this dish put me in a trance. I pondered whether it would have been rude if I sipped the remainder of the dressing in the bowl and opted not to. I now regret it. Our tongues danced around the Bufalo mozzarella + herbs +olive oil + toasted seeds and spices. The combination of flavors were so fresh, so stark, so seductive. We then dove head first into the wokked & fried calamari + caramelized peanut sauce + pineapple. The thick strips of fresh calamari were drenched in batter, fried to perfection and then drowned in an Asian-inspired sauce bath and paired with succulent pineapple; the perfect partners in an elusive tango. Clearly in heaven at this point, my tastebuds were sky rocketed to whatever is better than heavean when I bit into the Chinois duck wrap + pickled cucumber + hoison + Sriracha + sour cream. The spiciness of the Sriracha hits you like a ball out of left field and before you can scream, wow, you are struck with the cool pickled cucumber and sour cream that melts away the kick and the duck remains at the forefront of every bite. We had read about the miso glazed black cod + soba noodle salad + ginger vinaigrette + miso broth. We were steered elsewhere on the menu, but the Chef sent over an order on the house. This pushed me over the edge into a blissful foodie coma. I felt as if I were vacationing in Spain when I bit into the chorizo + manchego rice + poached egg + salsa verde + dried black olive. Truth be told, my least favorite dish of them all, but still fantastic. The poached egg and dried black olives made the dish. We capped the evening off with caramelized brioche + walnut praline + honey yogurt sorbet. I'm not a dessert person but wow, wow, wow. While delicious on its own, I don't think the honey yogurt sorbet was completely complementary of the brioche. I would have been more happy with vanilla bean. Each dish was showcased like a masterpiece on a complementary white dish. We never saw the same shaped dish twice. As if the décor and exquisite food weren't enough. Our bartender/waiter kept us entertained and shared some house specialty shots with us throughout our food journey. Infused vodka, fresh fruits and tequila whipped cream. Yes, please! Amuse bouche has nothing on these shots. I could never capture how fantastic this evening was. I am left speechless and craving more. We left with spoiled bellies, huge grins and a list of Toronto restaurant recommendations from the bartenders, although I kind of wish I could eat here every night. Chef de Cuisine Steve Gonzalez, you have outdone yourself. Executive Chef + Owner, Claudio Aprile, let's open an Origin in Los Angeles. I can't live without it.
We made a reservation for a group of 6 and were told they had a great table for us - the "chef's table." Unfortunately, the "chef's table" is apparently the one right beside the drafty front door. Not off to a great start and unfortunately, it didn't get a whole lot better. Our server told us that it was a 'sharing plates' concept and so we ordered a few to share and a one to have as a 'main' each. If soft mozzarella cheese is your thing, try just about everything on the 'mozzarella bar' list - best part of our meal.   Spanish fries - also good, but not the best fries I've ever had. Sweet potato soup had a great consistency and had a kick to it. I ordered the (and I checked the menu for the correct description...afterward) "Pan seared scallop + Jerusalem artichoke puree + bacon + rapini"-13. Scallop (singular). It was literally one scallop with some puree smeared on the plate. I'm not sure how this can possibly be described as a 'share plate'. I tried the calamari (recommended) and the arugula salad (pretty much just arugula with shaved parm on it- probably the largest dish we ordered). Overall, although the food was good, I thought it was overpriced and the inconsistency in the size of 'share plates' made it difficult to know how much to order. I was there about 2 hours ago and my stomach is growling.
This is one of my favourite restaurant/bars in Toronto. Not only is it beautiful, historic Toronto...it is a gorgeous space with it's unique decor, it exudes a warm and cozy atmosphere with reclaimed brick walls...and funky lights.   The bar is a great place to saddle up for a drink. I spent a couple of hours at the bar not long ago, to pass some time one rainy afternoon.  I was so cozy inside and a great spot to people watch...as pedestrians stroll down King St East.  While the bar is cute, I highly recommend lunch or dinner because the food is damn good! Being a tapas restaurant, portions are small and are intended to be shared.  The miso glazed cod is one of the best I have tasted. And yes, I realize miso glazed cod has been over killed by every trendy resto bar around....but it really is great here. The calamari (caramelized in peanut sauce) is like non I have tasted. Be sure to start with the beet salad or the pear salad...or both. Of course, this is after a serving of the tostones and guacamole!   This is my fifth visit during the past six months and I have yet to be disappointed with the ambiance or the food.  It's atmosphere is lively at night, with the open kitchen, music and competing conversation. I enjoy this energetic atmosphere, but if you are hoping for a quieter dinner, this may not suit your expectations. Overall, service from the wait staff is decent.  Friendly, but not spectacular. Improvement or additions to the wine list (by the glass) would be nice.  I was not in love with their selection last night, after a few samples. The 2006 Hegarty Syrah Grenache from France was tasty, but has been replaced by another Syrah recently.  Damn.
According to Toronto Life's more recent edition, Origin was rated as the number 1 Best New restaurant in the city...needless to say, I was very excited to eat there for a friend's birthday party. Intro to the restaurant. I bumped into another friend on the street and we entered the restaurant together and mentioned our friend's name and the 8:00pm reservation. One of the hostess responded that our table was not ready until 9pm and proceeded to show us the lounge area and mumbled something about please sit and have drinks...and who was going to take my coat for coat check? So far, not the best start. Food. Origin serves dishes tapas style and I came HUNGRY in preparation for the event so perhaps I was a bit biased when I say the food was not enough. The selection of foods is another matter entirely. I felt there was no rhyme or reason to the flow of courses...one dish contains Asian snap peas, another beef cooked in Thai style (SALTY), another sushi, another fried chips with guacamole, another bruschetta and then fries. If the intention was to showcase various cuisines of the world, then each dish was done at a level called mediocre. All in all, I was disappointed in the food. To be fair, we had a menu specially prepared for the birthday event so I am not sure if the regular menu is any different...I will not be going back to find out however. Ambiance. What can I say...it was a windy night and as I entered the restaurant, I was swallowed by two heavy purple curtains right at the entrance. Beware! Once inside, the decor is the usual kit-shy historical items that have some significance to the building/area/period of time, Godzilla chandeliers, modern photography that looks like a cup to one person but really is an upside down tree to another blah, blah, blah...nothing special. Towards the end of the night, it appeared a certain area of the restaurant turned into a dance floor so its a two in one place. To conclude, this is not number 1 in my books, although there must be a reason why it is? Beats me.
OK, once you get around the fact that people are prancing around this place dressed in next to nothing, you will realize that the food here is quite good. But, god, the scene! I didn't think the place was too loud, at least, but I am a "fuddy duddy" enough to wish some of those women covered themselves up a little bit more.* And to wish there were none of the D-bags they attract. But, at Origin, the two seem to come with the territory. The drinks and food, however, were fantastic. I was expecting a little bit more molecular gastronomy, but this place was pretty standard high-end tapas fare. The desserts were excellent too. This is a very popular spot, and I felt badly for the group of suburban men who walked and quickly out** because they sooo stood out like sore thumbs. This is definitely a trendy spot, but I predict the food will still be worth coming for even after the crowds have moved on to the next "it" spot. *Seriously I am getting more like my mom daily. She would NOT have liked the woman wearing the shirt with sleeve holes down to her waist, no matter how colorful her tattoos. **I think they were looking for the Keg
I have been itching to get to Origin for months now after a friend of mine had gone and raved about the food. I dug the concept: tapas with a twist. This is definitely not your traditional, Spanish tapas. At Origin, you'll sample small plates with Asian, Italian and Latin influences. I didn't find the menu overwhelming, but our server was more than happy to help steer the meal so that similar and complimentary flavours were eaten together. It was tough to narrow it down, as we would have been happy with just about anything on the menu. We started with the tostones: smashed, flattened and deep-fried plantains with guacamole on the side. The plantains were very well seasoned, with generous use of kosher salt and a light dusting of curry powder. Next up were the deviled eggs with smoked bacon and gremolata and the smoked cod croquettes with saffron aioli. Both were a big hit at the table, disappearing in a flash. I preferred the croquettes of the two, but I didn't exactly NOT eat my share of the deviled eggs either. Those scrumptious bites devoured, we ordered another bottle of wine (three cheers for Monday night dinners with lots of wine!) and anticipated the arrival of more delectable plates. While we waited, we marveled at the strangeness of the cutlery provided. The only way to balance your knife was blade up. That seemed...dangerous. Especially after the third glass of cabernet sauvignon. Our next dish appeared and we dove right back in (carefully, so as not to cut ourselves on our upturned knives). A gorgeously-presented order from the Mozzarella Bar: bufala mozzarella with pear, rosemary oil, pine nuts that was drizzled with honey and placed on a crunchy, toasted slice of calabrese bread. Next up was the Bangkok beef salad with peanuts, mint, mango, fried shallots and a sweet and sour dressing. There was a moment of hesitation while we all tried to dance around the fact that splitting this thing among the three of us might get violent. In the end however, we shared well (our kindergarten teachers would be so proud!). This wasn't an exceptionally complicated dish, but it was done to perfection: the beef was tender and pink; the mangoes were ripe and slippery; the shallots and peanuts added the crunch the dish needed; and the cilantro added the wonderful, bright note at the end. It should be noted that my friend said it was the third time she'd had this particular dish, and it was exactly the same every time. THAT is a sign of a great restaurant. Our final round of food was to arrive, and we were practically giddy with excitement. We had decided on the Chinois duck with pickled cucumber, hoisin and sriracha sauce on a chive pancake, the curried shrimp with naan and the miso-glazed black cod with soba noodles and a ginger vinaigrette. We knew each dish would be good, but didn't know HOW good. We had spent the first half of the meal happily eating away and we were by no means disappointed with our choices. But these last three dishes absolutely blew them all out of the water. The duck was crispy and, I must say, substantial. The kitchen does not scrimp on the portions at all with this dish! The sweet hoisin sauce was a great compliment to the duck and the heat of the sriracha. A definite must-order at Origin. Next up, we attacked the curried shrimp, which was intensely flavoured and perfectly spicy. The soft, aromatic naan bread sopped up the spicy broth that was left after devouring the plump, juicy shrimp. Another dish that hit its mark! Finally (and kind of sadly), we came to our last dish: the black cod. Black cod is one my favourite fish and I have it a fair bit. When I was out in Vancouver earlier this year, I had it almost once a day. but this black cod might be the best I've had...ever. It was flaky, tender and moist. The miso glaze was pleasantly salty and the skin, most importantly, was nice and crispy. The soba noodles were served with the ginger vinaigrette and by the time we were done, there was literally nothing left on the plate. In all likelihood, the best dish of the night though the three of us never could decide on a clear winner in that category. All in all, I would definitely recommend Origin to anyone who has some reasonably adventurous taste buds and who is willing to share. There is one composed plate that makes a meal - a burger combo with Spanish fries and a float. I have no doubt it's delicious, but it seems kind of beside the point of a restaurant like this. Go with friends, go on a date, go with family. It's not a cheap night out, but it is most definitely money well spent.
3.5 stars I arrived at Origin on a Monday night to take a friend who was staying with me from Paris out for dinner on their last night in the city. We were not able to secure a table on the patio, but were seated promptly in the restaurant with a good view of the kitchen. We decided to order a number of dishes for sharing. The waiter served us our (tap) water. He poured for the gentlemen first. My french friend pointed out that the waiter would have been fired on the spot in a nice French restaurant for not serving the water to the lady first. Harsh. There were a number of instances my friend pointed out where a number of the staff would have been fired (some of them a number of times)  but apparently I am not used to such top tier service meaning I didn't really notice anything different from the usual. Maybe I need to spend more time in fine Parisian dining rooms? Probably. Meal highlights- The Deviled Eggs were lovely, bite sized morsels. Salty panchetta was a lovely topping. The Bufala Mozzerella with pear crostini was a treat. The cheese was soft and beautiful, and the sweetness of the honey was a lovely compliment. Meal lowlights- The Hamachi Ceviche was over spiced. You couldn't taste the fish for all the creamy spicy sauce. (Made me think of spicy sauce used in spicy tuna rolls) When I order ceviche is expect it to be fresh. This felt weighed down. We also ordered the Tostones with guacamole, which were fine, the Beet and Goat Cheese salad (biggest beet I have ever seen? served whole) and the Miso Glazed Black Cod. The cod was alright, but I've had better miso glazed cod at Guu. Overall there were a couple of good bites, but I don't think the price was justified for the overall quality, taste and portion size. Not a bad place to take a date if you're trying to impress them, but I don't think I would go back for dinner if I was paying. Dinner for 3 came to $225 with tax and tip (2 drinks each + shared 2 'sides', 1 raw bar, 1 crostini/mozzerella, 1 salad, 1 main, 1 dessert)
We walked in...and in that first sweep, completely smitten. Dark woods, exposed brick, unique fixtures, stainless steel open-concept kitchen. Main attraction. Inviting. Soirée ambiance. Good energy. Outstanding dishes: Chinois duck wrap + pickled cucumber + sriracha : The most lackluster presentation out of all 6 dishes. But oh, the redemption! Tender pieces of duck, smeared with great heat from the Sriracha (yep, rooster sauce), offset & cooled by sour cream, with a slight crunch of thinly sliced cucumbers...took one bite...and completely enamoured. BIG crush. Already planning next encounter. Salmon tataki +ponzu-soy + dried miso + diakon salad : Beautiful sashimi-styles, delicate crunch of diakon & the ponzu...this dish so did not disappoint. Not in the least. Reminiscent of Foxley. Our happy place. Miso-glazed black cod + mushroom + jerusalem artichoke puree  + crispy soba : Again, we both have a soft spot for black cod. Again, our happy place. And we're so glad we ordered. Perfectly cooked, light & silky, flaking with the touch of our forks...sitting in a dark pool of serious deliciousness. Not kidding. Try it. Honourable Mentions: Shrimp ceviche + lime + tomato + freeze-dried corn + coconut : Yep, you read that correctly. Freeze-dried corn. The mad scientist in Claudio Aprile making an appearance...down Colborne Lane over to Origin. N - influenced by helping me achieve mission of trying every ceviche dish in this city - caved, and we ordered. Nice fresh citrus that ceviches call for, but didn't wow. Lacked... something. Or too much of...something. Unnecessary liquid nitro, hmm? And instead of shrimp, scallops or arctic char. Probably not up for debate - but hey, you never know ;) It pains, but forgettable: Bufala mozzarella + pear + rosemary oil + pinenuts + honey : Least favourite. And interestingly, it was the most ordered dish. Couple to our left, couple to our right, couple across the bar... and I wondered: did they all feel the same thing?! Disappointingly devoid of any  flavour. Muted. Beige food is boring. Dessert: Manchego cheese cake + saffron sorbet + marinated berries : Waited weeks! May have spent an entire Sat morning reading menus. Food porn, don't judge. Patience was rewarded in the form of wee indulgence w. a side of tart... if the sorbet is home-made, kudos. Cheese cake...hmm. If spoons are clanging against plate to break through crust, it's too hard. Of course, did that stop us from clanging? Absolutely not...until all that remained, were freeze-dried blueberries.
This place is good, but I have had a lot better for the same range (price). Servers and not bright and slow, except one young fellow who was really nice and paid attention.  Thank goodness for him because he was the one who finally took our order. Not a good spot if you have an allergy, and would not recommend if you're lactose or gluten. Their chefs are very good, but their burger is cooled medium well and not ground in house, which I find unacceptable for a $17 burger with no fries or salad. I don't know if I would come back, perhaps another chance and will give another review.
I love Origin. I was just there for my birthday and had the Warhol room. The first server who helped me was not particularly friendly but it's not affecting my review as our actual server, Matt (I think) was amazing. He was super friendly and made all my guests feel comfortable. Also, when we stayed until close he didn't make a thing out of it (we were seated at 9 pm) Typically they recommend a pris fix menu for the Warhol room, but I didn't think my guests would want all that food and opted to pre-rder several appetizers for the table and a few entrees. The 7 of us had: The truffled popcorn x4 - OMG YUM marinated olives x2 a dozen oysters - amazing sauce! The pear, mozzarella thing x 3 - YUM The chips with guacamole and salsa x 3 - this is good, but there are more creative things on the menu. I do love that guac though. Beet salad x 2 - AMAZING Mushrooms salad x 2 - a bit salty but good. Beet is the better salad. This, with our drinks was the perfect amount of food for 7 of us (5 girls 2 guys) Somebody ordered a banana thing for desert. I had a spoonful and it was delish. If I could go back in time, I would have ordered the lobster ceviche. Oh well, I'll get it next time.
Whoop I figured out how to update the pictures if you want to see our courses last time we went! Just an update as I saw the pictures that the wine actually wasn't bad.  I didn't ask but hoping they have Stella and Becks and Leffe available (would actually make some of the dishes more appealing).  Their flaming Zambucca was awesome though!
Italian? Spanish? Mexican? Japanese? Can't make up your mind? Origin's solution is a global menu with small items for sharing. Located near St. Lawrence market, this popular venue is buzzing on a Friday night.   They have a great patio, so if you want a table outside, make sure you  reserve one.   I liked the open concept kitchen.  You can sit near the action and check out the food.  We didn't order the truffle popcorn...but everyone one else seemed to be getting it. We ordered a bunch of items which I am listing in order of preference. * Smoked Cod Croquettes and Saffron aioli ($6) Salty and a bit dry, I wasn't very impressed by our first snack. * Spicy Spanish Fries with Chorizo and Manchego ($9) Chop up chorizo, and throw the little bits on some not-crispy enough fries. * Bufala Mozzarella, confit tomato, lemon, basil ($16) I'm glad we ordered this.  The mozz was smooth and light.  The tomato was refreshing and they didn't use too much lemon. * Beef sizzling hot plate, mushrooms, truffle butter ($27) The beef was tender and juicy. Onions overpowered any flavour from the truffle butter. Not worth the money. * Miso Glazed Black Cod, soba noodles and miso broth ($19) This item was the highlight of the evening.  The cod was fall apart soft and perfect, the sweet glaze worked well with the miso broth.  This dish was great! We decided to not stay for dessert. Origin may take you around the world with their menu, but I don't think it's a trip I'll repeat anytime soon.
I'd heard amazing things about brunch at Origin so I was really excited to give it a try... unfortunately maybe it was too high expectations or maybe it was just an off day but the food didn't live up to the hype. The atmosphere was nice and I liked decor, though at times the kitchen smells were a bit overwhelming... and this from a girl who regularly cooks curries in her home. While I love the smell of food, I don't want to carry it with me all day... As for the food, I had the Ranchero and it was ok... the eggs were a bit cold, the salsa a bit acidic... the fried plantain was just a bit too hard... but the flavour was nice and the guac was fresh. I can see the place has the potential to be great. Their menu takes a few risks which I like, and I'd still like to try their dinner sometime but as a first experience it was average so 3 stars it is. I may update this review if I ever make it to dinner.
Origin provided one of the best and most interesting meals I have had in Toronto. Being tapas style, I only wish the dishes didn't add up so quickly and I could afford to come here more! Every dish we ordered was truly delicious and interesting. I appreciate the fact they deliver on something a little different here. And, hello, a fresh mozzarella bar? I could subsist on this alone. Standout dishes: chorizo poutine, beet and goat cheese salad, pear and mozza crostini, and the chinoise duck fajitas. All exceptionally well done!
From the first time I stepped foot in this place, I knew it would become one of my favourite Toronto spots. Friendly hipster staff roam about the restaurant greeting patrons and serving food, a communal table under a freaky-yet-fabulous Godzilla chandelier houses parties that roar with laughter, bright fuschia walls scream of a restaurant that is confident and oh-so-cool. A large outdoor patio means the fun continues outside when the weather is good. I've now dined here for both brunch and dinner, and have never been disappointed. Plus, it's fun to see the Top Chef Canada reject in the open kitchen, as you wonder "What went wrong on the show?" and taste some of the most original and scrumptious flavour combinations the city has to offer. Here is what I recommend: BRUNCH *Ranchero eggs - ole! Beans, guacamole, sour cream, sunny side up eggs, all piled on top of a crispy fried plantain. *French toast - made with brioche and topped with a basic cream to balance the sweetness. Yum. *Champagne cocktails - try one or try them all. Fantastic. DINNER (most plates are meant to be shared, tapas style) *Mozzarella with truffle oil on toasted bread -  sea salt brings out the flavour of the cheese and truffle oil. *Pear, pine nut, honey and fresh mozzarella  on toast *Sizzling beef plate with caramelized veggies - I shared this, but could easily have made it my dinner. Next time I will. *Tostones (fried plantain discs) and guacamole *Da Brazillian - a milk jug of filled with a tropical rum punch that had my gang of cheap drunks giggling through dessert *Dolce de leche covered lemon poundcake with crumbled rasberries - yes, crumbled raspberries. They must freeze them in liquid nitrogen and smash them to create a candy like consistency, packed with fresh fruit flavour. Genius.
Went here to celebrate my birthday a week ago. The food was delicious and the staff were very accommodating and helpful! We had a larger group, their menu for larger parties was a great deal! We were able to try different dishes and share them among us. There was a lot of food we could barely finish it. So worth it for the price. Loved the ambiance and the location.
I found the waitstaff ok, but a little stuck up. The place looked interesting, we sat at the chef's table. It was loud and crowded. The food was creative but too over the top. Everything had too many ingredients, making it too complicated. We kept saying about each dish - this would be good if it didn't have the... etc. Except then one dish was super bland. My date really liked the japanese sushi hand rolls. And of course, this place is way overpriced!! An ok experience, but likely won't return. Pay parking on the street.
Origin lived up to the hype! Don't you love it when that happens? Went for brunch with 4 people including my hilarious mom, who holds no punches. Though individual items on the menu aren't overly pricey, brunch there is tapas-style and can easily add up... especially if you throw in cocktails. Luckily, mom was picking up the tab so we pretty much got one of everything, and she had no problem pointing at people around us and telling the server "We'd like to know what that is." Our server was lovely, and he obliged and pointed (not-so-discretely) at the foods around us. Decor is cozy-chique, and food and drink presentation is a thing of art. Cocktails: Mimosas with bubbly and fresh juice of the day, didn't taste, but they're ever changing and looked beautiful. Caesars - made with chili vodka, and tequila? - I LOVE CAESARS and had never had one with tequila.. it was very flavorful and I enjoyed it. But, I'd likely just ask for vodka next time. They came with olives, though, which is a huge +++ in my mind. Brunch: I personally had/tasted: Mac n Cheese with Chorizo - Not my fave in the city, but the portion size is perfect and the chorizo is a nice addition. Duck french toast: AMAZING. Blueberries, maple syrup and duck confit harmonize well together. Spanish fries: Addictive. Get them. Watercress salad -  Very nice, but the presentation makes you almost not want to eat it.. it's so pretty. I still don't know how they make radishes look like that. Deviled eggs - can't go wrong. These things are adorable. Only comes with two eggs, though, and they are tricky to share. I'll likely bump this review to a 5/5 once I've gone back and experienced dinner... we shall see. In the mean time, go try their brunch... after you've made a reservation.
Origin, where do I start?  I came here with a friend pre-opera to grab a bite.  I've walked by it many times, and knew that this was chef Claudio Aprile's second triumph in Toronto (the first being Colborne Lane just across the street) and had heard good things about it. The big windows let in a lot of natural light, and if you're lucky enough to nab a window seat you will have a great view of St. James Cathedral.  The only downer is that all the window seats are reserved for parties of 4 or more which means that if you want a good view, go on a double date or bring your posse! The restaurant itself houses an open-concept kitchen; back-to-back with the kitchen is the bar; a black and white mural of an old family spans the rear wall;  there are many rustic elements in the restaurant including a leather press. To start we ordered Deviled Eggs ($6) served with herbs and a crispy Pancetta and also Bufala Mozzarella ($17) with honey, pear, pine nuts and rosemary oil. For mains we opted for the Lobster ($25) served Asian-style with bok choy, ginger, Shiitake and a black bean sauce and Chorizo ($19) served on a bed of hummus, pickled red onion, red peppers, black olives and fried chickpeas. The lobster dish was amazing because of the taste-bud-tantalizing black bean sauce.  It was sweet with hints of ginger, red chillies, scallions, and fragrant, toasted sesame seeds.  The only unfortunate part of the dish is that lobster does not do a good job of soaking up the delicious sauce, and I was sad that all that extra was going to waste!  The dish definitely appealed to my Chinese taste buds. The Chorizo however, was the shining star of the evening as it had lots of textures and different ingredients coming together that made the dish yummy.  Pairing a salty Chorizo with a tart and pickled red onion was great.  The acidity no doubt cuts some of the fat of the sausage.  The bed of creamy hummus was fresh and tied together well with the fried chickpeas. For dessert, we opted for the Dulce de Leche ($10) with raspberry ice.  The raspberry ice reminded me of Dippin' Dots and the tartness of the raspberries was a great way to tone down an otherwise too-rich and cavity-inducing dulce de leche. V E R D I C T If you like textural contrast, you will love Origin.  Every dish is made to tease and tantalize your taste buds.  Creamy, crunchy, pickled, salty, sweet - you will find it all here at Origin.  This is a great spot to catch après work drinks, and even better if you come with a crowd so that you can feast upon a variety of menu offerings.
Food I would say is pretty good..but maybe not what you pay for. And the service the two times I've been there isn't that great..kind of slow. Love the idea of this place but it just missed the mark both times I ate there.
With respect to Tyler R. and Poutine B., this place was pretty decent.  Don't rely on their reviews alone before considering going here, as you might miss out on a good time.  Consider first that this place is billed as a somewhat upscale urban tapas joint - for sparkly, well-heeled yuppie types, really - and it delivers exactly that, with some nice flair and a quite excellent design and ambiance. FOOD: Food's generally good and presented well.  I had smoked cod croquettes, five tiny but rather tasty balls that get you primed for the main dishes - then buffala mozzarella with pear, rosemary oil, pinenuts & honey (excellent) - then salmon tataki (excellent) and finally two hot dishes, calamari and chorizo.  The chorizo was overdone but the calamari sauce was super zesty and a nice twist on standard squid. DECOR: The decor is excellent - art-piece light fixtures everywhere, cooled-lava table tops (ie. like lava that's cooled down and solidified) and even a Banksy-esque art piece on the wall leading to the washrooms.  Quite dramatic and miles better than standard restaurant sameness. The kitchen is the centrepiece of the restaurant with a multi-ethnic street-credilicious group of chefs chatting amiably with each other and with patrons seated at the bar wrapping around their workspace. PRICE: Fine, maybe it's a bit expensive, especially considering the generally bite-sized portions of food - but it IS a tapas place; that's what it's supposed to deliver.  If you are looking for giant portions or standard fare, go to a chain restaurant. SERVICE: I have generally good things to say about the staff - service is a bit slow, but I believe that that's deliberate; this is an evening to sit and savour, not an assembly line operation.  Servers seem personable and knowledgeable about the menu and any one of the staff will stop by your table to refill your drinks if they notice they're running low.  When I asked one server where the washrooms were, she started to indicate direction with her hand, then caught herself and actually ushered me personally to the appropriate location - these small gestures matter in an upscale establishment. BOTTOM LINE: I look forward to going back here when I have a special occasion in future - seeing as the place is just finding its feet really, I'm prepared to give it the benefit of whatever doubt there is (and it's minimal really).  Good time, buzzy place, decent eats, perhaps a bit $$ but whatever - we all splurge occasionally.
Ended up taking the hubs here for his birthday dinner.  We got seated at the Chef's prep table which was great for theatrics no Benihana style choppery, but entertaining watching meals be prepared by chefs flirting with each other nonetheless. The smoked cod croquettes were more like balls of re-fried pureed tuna salad, not a fan...but the rest of what we ate was golden. The bufala mozzarella with pear and rosemary oil was the perfect infusion of dairy creaminess meeting savory fruitiness, I wanted to order all the mozzarella bars but alas lactose intolerance can only allow so much.  The Bangkok salad was refreshingly piquant and the Origin beef burger was equally hearty yet refined in taste. At first glance it seems the servings are small and pricey, but we discovered that the items do fill you up fast as they are so well flavored. It can be tempting however to order everything , so I'd suggest just ordering a few tapas to start then building gradually to accomodate the appetite.   Overall service was prompt without being pushy, food (except mushy fish balls) was tasty and the pricing was reasonable for the quality of the food.  The only complaint was from my husband that we got seated at the Chef's table but  I  think he was jealous that he didn't get to wear an apron too.
I went to Origin last night based on a friend's recommendation.  Origin has been a hot spot since opening earlier this year.  When I got there I was intrigued by the atmosphere, it almost had a lounge feel to it. Being a tapas oriented menu, my friend and I decided to sample as many dishes as we could consume. Cod Croquettes - absolutely lovely, fried to perfect, not greasy at all.  The sauce that is accompanied was delish! Spanish fries - a play on poutine perhaps, they had a bit of kick to them.  They were addictive, once I started, I could not stop. Chinios Duck tacos - a bit of kick to them but very refresh, a blend of sweet and spicy at the same time.  It was unfortunate that I had to share the dish. Barata from the Mozzellera bar - the best dish of the night, the cheese just melted in your mouth.  It was the perfectly balanced with the pesto.  Again, it was unfortunate that I had to share. Service was ok, we had to wait to get our drinks and when we wanted to order again.  For the price point, I was expecting better service.  The food however came out quickly as soon as we ordered. Overall - food - 4 stars, the portion sizes could have been bigger but I guess this is what you get for pretty food service - 2, I was just not impressed This place is worth checking out for the food if you are in the King/Church area.  Reservations are a must!
VIBE I came back here a year later for a UYE I hosted. It was originally to be somewhere else and due to a misunderstanding, didn't happen. Origin was Plan B  and welcomed me with open arms at the last minute (well, they had some space available). Specifically, we were here for drinks as they have a bar on one side of the restaurant. The crowd is mainly business people (on a Wednesday night). At the tapas bar on the other side, there were a number of dates going on. Good, buzzy vibe. I actually really like the bathroom area. At the bottom of the stairs is a bench and it's a great place to have a conversation because upstairs is a bit loud. WE DRANK Our bartender was great (but should have told us he was done his shift before we paid). He offered me a drink on the menu and I forget its name but it was delish. It had gin and vanilla in it. The second drink that all of the ladies had was the French 75: lemon, champagne and gin. It was like a boozy lemonade and delicious. P.S. it's not cheap here! OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Not only are the drinks good, there is some serious eye candy on the staff. Just saying. See? I know how to get the ladies to a bar. :) Kidding aside, great time with Mauricio, Jane, Eric and Crystal. Thanks for coming out!
I came here for a group business dinner and overall it was quite pretty good, but I probably won't ever bother to go back.  The whole course was planned out and just handed to me and overall we each tried about twelve different little dishes....plus three of four different dished.  The shrimp curry and naan were my favorites (eaten together), but most things were pretty tasty.   My good experience was reduced by the extreme noise level and the drunken people stumbling around.  As far as ultra trendy places go the food was better than expected and everything else was just as expected...and I personally avoid places like this for exactly this reason.  But I wasn't choosing the venue, and I also didn't have to pay.  I'm sure if I did pay my experience would be worse (based on previous experiences with places like this and Toronto in general).
Food is always good, drinks are always great. My complaint... Overpriced and too loud (great, now I sound like an old lady who thinks everything is overpriced and too loud)
I can't believe I had neglected to previously review this restaurant.  It is one of my favourite places to eat in Toronto.  It has an open kitchen, a great patio and an overall funky and eclectic vibe.  The service is always good or great.   Having said all that, the food is why I keep coming back!  On my last visit, my lunch companions and I had oysters and shared the Burrata with pesto, eggplant and roasted red peppers.  I love Burrata so much I would eat it on cardboard but it is truly delicious with this combination of flavours.  My only complaint was that it needed just a touch of salt to bring out the flavours of the cheese but this is a minor complaint and may only ultimate offend my salt-obsessed taste buds.   I also had the Indian lentil soup with coconut.  The soup was fresh and light tasting.  I wish it was slightly thicker as lentil soups I like tend to be but again, this is a minor complaint.   For my entree, I had the Chinois duck served on a flour tortilla with cucumber, hoisin, sriracha and sour cream.  This is probably my favourite dish on the menu and it is the only place that I will order duck as an entree since I am not a big fan of this usually fatty and sweet meat.  At Origin, however, it reminds me a little of Peking Duck but with more of a kick.  I seem to recall that this dish used to be served on one piece of tortilla but now you get TWO whole portions.  Great for sharing!   My friends ordered the beef burger with avocado, smoked mayo and arugula (I had a bit - yummy!) and the beet salad with goat cheese (which I did not try but which she enjoyed).   Looking forward to my next visit already.
Came here for brunch today and was really impressed! They have a pretty big patio and today was the perfect day to take advantage of it. I ordered the smoked chicken salad (sandwich) - scallion, asian pear, dill, house mustard, and served with a large spoonful of creme fraiche on it ($13). It was served on a small brioche bun. The serving size wasn't very big and doesn't come with any sides - you can add plain fries to it for $3. After taking a bite out of this sandwich I was in love! It was so delicious. Had a great flavour, loved the dill and mustard in it. I'm still thinking about it... simply amazing! Instead of adding plain fries to it, I ordered the spicy spanish fries  - with chorizo + manchego ($9). I thought the price was pretty steep for fries, but I really wanted to try them. The fries were topped with a chipotle mayo, which didn't have as much flavour as I would've liked. The fries themself were delicious. The fries were perfectly cooked and crispy. I didn't really notice much chorizo in the dish though. At $9, I thought this was a little pricey. My friend ordered the Ranchero eggs - with black beans, salsa, bacon, guacamole, all sitting on top of a fried plantain ($17). I noticed that the egg wasn't at all runny (not sure if it was supposed to be or not). However, she really enjoyed the dish. I also ordered a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice ($5). I didn't like that they had put ice in it though since we were sitting outside in the sun, it melted pretty quickly and made the juice a little watery. Overall, a fantastic brunch! I'll definitely be back!
Sometimes it feels strange to rate a restaurant as a tourist. BUT, I am going to anyway, duh. Flying solo for the night, and looking for a nice meal, I showed up without a reservation here. Seated instantly, and treated well no matter how many in my party. It's in an odd neighborhood, at least I think it is, sort of the place where it goes a bit dead at night, not near a whole slew of other things and on the fringe of a central intersection (Dundas Sq). I do love watching open kitchens, and it's not smelly or dirsty because it's tapas, much easier for chefs to handle. The interesting thing about this setup is the seating around the open kitchen area. It's low and there are no boundaries. I mean there is nothing between you and the chefs. No glass barrier, or small wall. It's like an extended kitchen table. Love that! Makes sitting alone not feel alone at all.
I love when I can get reservations easily online on Open Table however there seemed to be limited availability on ideal dining times, either very early around 6:15 or very late pass 9pm.  Since it was a week night and we are working ladies, we opted for the earlier option. What I didn't know about this restaurant was that it was a mozzarella bar... LOVE!  We tried the fior di latte, a soft and creamy type of mozzarella made from cow's milk.  The heaping puffs of fior di latte came on crostini drizzled with truffle oil and mushrooms.  It was so good.  I would've ordered more mozza but felt like we needed to try other things on the menu. The devilled eggs are a huge must have and were excellent and came with a bacon chip on top.  Loved the taste as well as the presentation. Our mains included the miso broth cod fish which is my personal favourite in any restaurant I go to, it was served with soba noodles and chinese vegetables which was a bonus and I made sure to lap up the broth.  Soupy noodles is one of my very favourite comfort foods. We also ordered the duck chinois, which is a play on peking duck.  I was less than impressed as the duck was a little on the tough side.  The scallops were our final main and they came topped with big pearls of florescent orange caviar.  The caviar was fishy which made the entire dish fishy and not appetizing.  All in all, I would stick to more tapas and less of the mains The dessert we had was the molten hot chocolate cake that was paired with very cold soft serve ice cream.  Be prepared to wait 10 minutes for them to prepare the dessert for you which is worth it!
I went here for dinner this past Saturday.  The decor was nice, and service was very friendly and accommodating. The food: Brussels sprouts with bacon: good balance of flavors; the correct ratio of brussels sprouts to bacon.  However, texture-wise, was a little too mushy (i.e. brussels sprouts were overcooked, and bacon had lost its texture from, perhaps, sitting too long). Japanese-style tuna salad: very nice sculptural visual presentation, and a variety of complementary textures.  However, the sweet ginger dressing tasted generic, like what you might find at any japanese restaurant. Miso glazed black cod with soba: tender and supple cod, with appropriately subtle miso glaze (i.e not too sweet or overpowering).  Soba were firm.  The flavorful broth seemed to have some sort of citrus in it, which made the dish a little more interesting.  This was probably the best thing I had here. Chinois Duck: this had a lot going on, up to and including crunchy (I think sesame-covered) peanuts.  But the result was muddled.  They went overboard with some sort of ranch-like white sauce which caused the whole thing to evoke a cafeteria chicken wrap.  It wasn't horrible, but it could have been much better; this was definitely lousy execution of a good idea. Dulce de leche + lemon sponge + raspberry ice + caramel + sea salt: frozen raspberry kernels with puffed rice and a bit of fleur de sel sat on top of a dulce de leche parfait with the sponge cake at the bottom.  I quite enjoyed the spoonfuls where I managed to combine all the ingredients in the right amounts; however, this did not happen all the time.  Nevertheless, this was an ambitious, visually attractive, and interesting dessert, and was better than my other dessert (see below). Citrus + curd + meringue + coconut + mint: curd was a little too sour, citrus fruit made it even more sour; combined with the meringue, it was all too sweet.  In greater quantities, mint might have saved it a little; coconut cream was also too subtle and lost in the sweet-and-sourness.  I would say this was the worst thing I had here. Drinks: (I don't usually drink, but they had some interesting-sounding cocktails.) "Spearman Sipper": bourbon, some local microbrewed beer involving grapefruit, cinnamon, cardamom, pineapple juice.  Pleasant, flavors meld nicely, though I could not actually detect the cardamom (which I would have liked to!) "Seafarer's Sanctum": Rum, orange pekoe, blueberry syrup, spruce.  Very sprucey; probably too sprucey.  With my nose several inches above my glass, I can close my eyes and imagine myself in the middle of a vast spruce forest.  Ultimately, it was drinkable, as the spruce seemed to taste natural (rather than synthetic), which made the idea of imbibing a liquefied spruce-tree seem okay.  I can imagine some people would send this drink back though. Overall, it was interesting, however, there were too many howevers.  I was disappointed since their menu has potential, but in practice they seem unable to really pull together and successfully execute anything ambitious.
Origin is an excellent place to go if you're in the mood to try a bunch of dishes instead of eating on big one. I went there a few weeks ago, and every single dish I had was delectable. Perfect sized portions for sharing, very flavorful and creative.   Their cocktail menu is fab.  The "Mixologist" takes his drinks seriously.  My fave drink was a mix of Chocolate flavored vodka, hibiscus tea, chambord and white choco shavings.  It tasted like a cocoa raspberry tart!  I had about 4. lol
I came for my birthday since I had heard a lot about this place, it was okay, but I wouldn't go again. Origin is over-hyped and is average at best. I enjoy music, but the music was so loud I couldn't hear the people at my own table. I asked twice for it to be turned down just slightly, and I think they turned it up. The server was unpleasant and neglectful. She acted the whole time like we were inconveniencing her for showing up. I don't think she smiled once, and her service was slow. We had the spicy spanish fries, oysters, crispy calamari and the burger which were all average. There was one decent chicken dish, but it looks like they took it off of the menu. I saw the owner as a competitor on Canada's Top Chef and he was so full of himself. I had to laugh as his restaurant is a bit of a disappointment. I think he needs to stop bragging and start focusing more on his menu.
Came here for brunch.  It's a nice spot, though a bit pricey.  Good ambience and service.  They've got devilled eggs, which I love.  The food has some interesting combinations so it's not your typical place.  Would like to try out dinner though. EDIT: Tried their dinner now.  It's a fusion tapas place.  Pretty funky.  I like their truffled popcorn.  Their spin on peking duck (chinois duck on the menu) is pretty good.  They have some interesting cheese dishes that are pretty neat.
It was just incredible.  Went and ordered a whole bunch of dishes and it was like Christmas all over again. Black Cod is a must....melt in your mouth.
Although rated among TO Life mags' 'Top 10 of 2010', I wasn't expecting much from this place, given the mixed reviews I'd read re: both food and service. But curiosity trumped hesitation and my DC's are the food-sharing types, so... Overall, the tapas we chose (9 items, plus 2 desserts) from the extensive menu were mostly good, but that's probably because I'd been alerted by other foodists to stay away from the specific, supposed 'misses', of which there are many, apparently (e.g. tostones/guac, miso-glazed cod, curry shrimp, hamchi ceviche, etc. - and most of the desserts). That said, Origin loses points for innovation and subtlety -- *everything* was loaded w/ inordinate amounts of butter, cream, salt and -- in many of the items -- some form of pork, so...how can it NOT be tasty? And sure, it might be over-priced, but tapas isn't code for 'value' is it, especially when an established chef is at the helm. So best to accept that before you decide to dine there. The server recommended we start by ordering 2 per person (we were a group of 4) and, even though the portions are small, that felt about right, given the degree of  richness of it all. - Burrata w/ a pesto/eggplant/roasted peppers combo ($16):scrumptious - Spicy fries w/ chorizo and cheese ($9): incredible! - Devilled eggs w/ pancetta ($5): mediocre, but fun presentation (pancetta 'disc' placed into eggs' - Creamed corn w/ peaches and - of course! - smoked bacon ($): very tasty - Spicy tuna handroll w/ apple, shiso and miso-mayo ($9): tasty enough but not special - Calamari w/ peanut sauce and pineapple $15): hardly novel, but very tasty - Chinois duck tortilla w/ cucumber, hot sauce, hoisin and sour cream ($17): sooo rich, therefore, delish - a highlight - Chorizo w/ manchego rice and poached egg ($15): again, very rich...and very tasty - a highlight DESSERTS ($10): i should've known from the server's lacklustre tone while describing them all that they'd be forgettable. Still I needed my dose of sugar, so we sampled these 2; - Dulce de leche with lemon cake and raspberry: this was a hit, beautiful layers of lemon cake, yogourt and caramel, beneath frozen, nitrogened raspberry bits for a flavourful crunchy topping. - Hot chocolate cake w/ citrus and ice cream: how does a high-end restaurant mess up a classic like molten lava cake? Dr Oetker's from the box is loads better than this version, which was thoroughly devoid of chocolate flavour, barely citrus-y and with tasteless - though homemade -  vanilla ice cream THE SERVICE: initially attentive, server enthusiastically shared her tapas recommendations, and staggered them to the table appropriately. but then was AWOL for the most part.. One item was forgotten about, and then it took forever to get the bill. Would I return? It was a pleasant dining experience (and a beautiful- weather eve on their patio) but that may have had more to do with my fab companions and the sharing concept inherent in tapas. They'd have to change up their menu before I'd consider going back. P.S. interior design note: one impressive decor item was the unusual, beautifully-textured light fixture hanging from the ceiling in the stairwell to the bathrooms (I need that!). -
We ate at Origin last night and had one of the best dining experiences of our life. We walked in off the street and were seated at a counter/bar directly in front of the executive chef "Steve" and his staff. At first we thought we had been seated at the worst spot in the restaurant as the wait staff was picking up the food directly beside us, but boy were we wrong!! Steve began a dialogue with us that ended up with him custom feeding us for the next 2 hours. It was an insanely great experience that we will not soon forget. We would highly recommend Origins and if your into interaction with an amazing kitchen staff, request table 30. As for the food, we completely loved the Shrimp Seviche, Tuna Roll and the Braised Ribs.
A great spot to go for a couple of tasty dishes and some fancy drinks.  I really like the design of the place and the service was great, very friendly and welcoming.  Going on an empty stomach could probably get a bit pricey but if you're in for 2-3 dishes per person, you will leave very satisfied and without breaking the bank.  Only complaint is that they don't update the menu online so I was looking forward to something that I actually didn't get to try. I recommend: Calamari, black cod, any bourbon cocktails
I live near this restaurant and had tried to come here twice before without reservations but didn't get in.  Wait times are long if you don't book ahead of time. I finally was able to experience the restaurant on a Saturday night for my birthday.  Fortunately, the food and service did live up to its supposed popularity. We tried 1 item from every section of the menu (minus the mozarella bar): -deviled eggs -lobster ceviche -Bangkok beef salad -grilled chorizo -original beef burger -hot chocolate cake Although all the dishes were very good, I enjoyed the Bangkok beef salad the most (a must try!).  Previous reviews had commented on the deviled eggs being good but it was my least favourite, the eggs weren't anymore special than the deviled eggs you would make at home. In my opinion, I think the service is what makes this restaurant so popular, it really is exceptional.  The staff are very attentive.  That being said, I couldn't give a 5/5 because the food is on the pricey side given the small proportions.  At this price, I would expect every dish to be "as good as it gets".
Three if us shared six dishes and they were all really good, the standouts were the Spanish fries, the buffalo mozzarella with pear, rosemary oil, pine nuts and honey, the Bangkok beef salad and the curried shrimp. Great cocktails too! Service was also great, no issues at all.
4 star for deco/services/vibe Patio! Patio! Patio! with loungers! The decor inside is also really nice..look like a great place to hang and have a drink or 2 with friends.....The Yo Man Margarita ($12) I ordered was quite good.. nicely balanced and delicious! Services was attentive and professional. If I have not ordered their food, my experience at Origin would have be a 4 stars! 1.5 star for food Tostones+guacamole ($8)/Smoked cod croquettes+saffron aioli ($8) were both Meh. Should have skip the appetizers but I was hungry as usual and needed some snacks to go with the drinks. I am not really sure about Origin's food.. Maybe I am not into Fusion. I might have to give Origin a pass for lunch/dinner/brunch.
Everyone has already written such thorough amazing reviews of this place, but here it goes anyway... my two cents worth. I, too, have been really curious to check this place out for a while now.  Last night I got my chance.  Though it was the day-of, we still managed to secure a reservation, maybe because it was a Tuesday night.  On the phone, we got a very similar speech to the one we got when making reservations at Lee.  They will only holding the table for 15 minutes and you can only stay for two hours.  Okay fine. We got there five minutes early and were quickly shown to our table for four.  The rest of the party arrived late, but we had ordered drinks, so no one seemed too concerned.  I ordered the apple cider and took a minute to take in the sights.  I liked the quirky interior... Victorian family portrait with one family member wearing a Stormtrooper mask - I'm feeling it.  Watching the chefs working away was fairly interesting too, though it really didn't help with the noise factor.  Even the trip to the loo was a little bit of an adventure what with all the corner turning and so on. The food was a hit and a little miss though I really appreciated the eclectic menu.  I was lucky enough that everyone was both really hungry hence ordering a lot but also very willing to share!  The truffle oil popcorn was incredible, the tuna salad was meh,  the calamari a bit disappointing, the curried shrimp and naan very decent, the croquettes passable though I wouldn't order them again, the Fior di latte + mushrooms + truffle oil + spinach was amazing, the Burrata + pesto + eggplant + roasted red peppers was alright, and the beef hotplate was just okay. This was not a cheap meal, but I must confess, in addition to the many dishes we tried, we also have two bottles of wine on the bill.  Will I return?  I think I'll wait until summer so I can enjoy their lovely patio, but yes, I think I will.
*3.5 stars* I came here on a Friday night without reservations so while the restaurant was packed we were able to get a seat by the bar/open kitchen.  It was nice because you can see the chefs hustling and bustling in the kitchen. Atmosphere is typical of downtown restaurants - dim lighting, dark toned decor, loud enough music where you can't really hear the  party next to you but can hear your dinner party just fine.  Our waitress was friendly throughout our time there. I had: Spicy Spanish fries with chorizo & manchego cheese.  It was a bit poutine-like and tasty. There was also some olive bits in it which was surprisingly pretty good since I'm not a fan of olives. Jerk hen with fried rice, grapefruit, coconut & mango - tasty, just a very small hint of heat and the coconut and mango puree was refreshing alongside the hen. It was good but in general I find that Toronto restaurants are jumping on the "tapas" bandwagon as an excuse to shrink the portions but keep prices at almost "full plate" prices.
I have tried a little bit of a lot of things off this restaurant's ever changing menu and, so far, it has been all smiles in my belly. Aside from the amazing flavours, I found the presentation of the food interesting and pretty, the service very friendly and attentive, and the ambiance very cool. Now, the really fun part about the place is the open kitchen in the center of the restaurant.  You can watch the staff work in an impressive, speedy, organised way while you eat. Very entertaining. You also have a choice of sitting outside on their large, comfy patio. Perfect for those nice warm days. If you go once, you will likely want to go again.
What a sexy restaurant! The food was pretty fantab as well. Must have are the following: Deviled eggs - so good, different, not mayonnaisey either! Brussel sprouts - one of the best versions I've had.. these were amazing Bufala mozzarella + pear + rosemary oil + pinenuts + honey - soo delicious!! Lobster + ginger + black bean sauce + shiitake + bok choy - such an interesting dish.. soo good Beef sizzling hot plate + mushrooms + onions + truffle butter + ponzu sauce - Beef was cooked perfectly!!! SOOOOOOO good!! I loved this PLACE!!
Came here for brunch.  Ended up ordering fries with cheese (manchego?) and a cold coffee.  I don't consider myself a french fry vegetarian, but this place gave me no choice! Pros: -Great patio -Cold coffee was delicious - but this isn't a hard thing to pull off, maybe I'm being generous? -The servers were really nice. Cons: -WORST selection of brunch food for vegetarians/vegans.  I think vegans would have to stick with juice, honestly.  Even the fries had chorizo on it - I asked if they could replace it with something, which didn't happen, they just took it off.
Yes, I'm a total fan. This place came highly recommended by the concierge at Le Meridien a few blocks over, where we were staying for a couple of nights. And it was completely worth it. What makes Origin a great experience? The food, the vibe, the decor, and the people-watching, of course. We tried 4 dishes, and they were all A+. The star of the night - the deviled eggs. Great flavor, especially those crispy souffletines on the plate (psst, can I have a giant bag of those to take home?) The Fior di latte + mushrooms + truffle oil + spinach was a revelation. The Indian lentil soup w/ coconut was hearty and perfect for a cold night. The beet and goat cheese salad was nice; except for the fact that there is this giant whole beet sitting on your plate, as opposed to slices that we're used to in other tapas places. If you can get past that, this is a good dish as well. In all, worth heading out here if you'd like to impress.
Recently returned here for brunch - had heard great things about it. The ambience was great on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon and reservations were easy to get.  The menu had just changed so the servers weren't exactly sure of the reviews on some of the dishes - i decided to be a little adventurous and went for the road less travelled... i had a flat bread with herbed ground beef, mint yogurt, fried garlic chips on the top. The beef was seasoned to perfection - very middle eastern flavours and i thoroughly enjoyed that. However, the flat bread itself was very toasted to the point that it was hard to cut into the bread with the knife. When asked for a sharper knife, the server told me that that was the sharpest knife they have at the restaurant. That's odd - but ok. So i fought with my flat bread and then very non-elegantly bit into the bread with the toppings falling off and all. But the flavours were unbeatable! I would recommend the chef to look into not over toasting/baking the bread and/or look into getting sharper knives. The seasonal virgin cocktail was fantastic! It had guava juice and bunch of other juices that the server couldn't list but it was definitely one of the best cocktails i have ever had - hope that bartender then repeat this one! The service is a little slow and not because they were over crowded. Just slow. We didn't get the ketchup or hot sauce on time and the servers kept changing on us.
we were quick to be seated on the patio after work on a Friday and were easily accommodated when we wanted to switch from tables to couches, but after that, service was slooww going. it took a while for them to bring out a glass of wine/bring over food menus/take our order/bring out the third item we ordered (guac & chips!). BUFALA MOZZARELLA + CONFIT TOMATO + BASIL (in both pesto and leaf form) + PRESERVED LEMON = simplicity at its best. absolutely delicious. these are not one-bite crostinis though..the buffalo mozzarella was massive! no matter how careful you are when you try to cut into this..it will self destruct. BUFALA MOZZARELLA + PEAR + ROSEMARY OIL+ PINENUTS + HONEY = this didn't stand anywhere close to being as tasty as the previous dish but my friends seemed to enjoy it. come to think of it..I'm not sure I even tasted the rosemary CORN TORTILLAS + GUAC + SALSA + PICKLED JALAPENOS + PUMPKIN SEEDS = I quite liked the variety of texture and flavours but the salsa portion made the bottom of the bowl rather watery the planters surrounding the patio provided good separation from the street but come nightfall there was essentially no ambient lighting - there were a few weird, blue (fluorescent?) lights along the wall but the patio relied heavily on street lighting. by the time the tortillas arrived, it was so dim all I could do was scoop blindly into the guac & salsa. I can see the potential for this place, but (as i'm sure this is not meant to be a "sensory" dining experience) the overall feel was just...enhh.
I'm always disappointed when food looks so pretty but tastes so mediocre, and that's what I found at Origin. The only 2 dishes I liked were the duck wrapped in tortillas and the brussel sprouts. They were good but nothing "to die for." All other dishes disappointed. I don't mind paying $$$ for a great meal, but this was so not worth it. Wine was also so overpriced (as it seems to be everywhere in Canada - sigh). Oh, and it's very noisy/echoey in there, so you must yell to have a conversation, something that annoys me more as I get older. - Ol' Grumpus
Very, very impressed with our dining experience here. Since we were visiting from out of town and were not familiar with Toronto restaurants, we asked the concierges at our hotel to point us in the right direction. I would definitely recommend Origin to anyone visiting (or living in!) Toronto as the staff were very friendly and accommodating, and the food was absolutely delicious! Recommended dishes: Brussels sprouts with sherry vinegar and smoked bacon Tostones and guacamole Chorizo with manchego rice, poached egg, salsa verde and dried black olive Lobster with ginger, black bean sauce, shiitake and bok choy Wild blueberries with ginger crunch and a soft serve cone Dulce de leche with lemon sponge, raspberry ice, caramel and sea salt The open kitchen right in the middle of the restaurant was really cool too!
I love Origin for it's food, atmosphere, service and layout. This place caters to any occasion for the TO urbanite.  On one side of the place is a upscale restaurant, in the middle is an open kitchen where you can sit right in front of the chefs as they work and you dine (a little more casual feeling dining experience). Then on the other side is the bar area which is a great upscale, yet unpretentious atmosphere. AND they have a casual feeling outdoor patio.   The only way you can go wrong at Origin is by taking a friend that's a brutally fussy eater (trust me, they don't like this place).  Personally, I've tried most things on the menu and loved 70%, wasn't fond of 30% but it wasn't bad, it just wasn't my taste. My favourite dish is the tuna salad.
Great atmosphere and amazing food and a lovely Canadian wine selection.  It's an excellent spot for sharing plates and their dessert is to die for. The open kitchen is a nice touch.
I would give this place 2.5 stars. The decor is ok. It has an open kitchen which is very noisy and loud music probably due to the noise of the kitchen.  The portions are huge but the food is very average. I won't be returning, too many other good choices.
I dined at Origin last month as part of an epic 'five dinners in seven hours' food safari around Toronto. The chic restaurant bills itself as a "high energy global food bar that celebrates the diverse cuisines of the world" and boasts an eclectic menu. Everything from sushi hand rolls to deviled eggs to panner and dried fruit samosas to Peking duck pancakes is served so don't be surprised if you can't pigeonhole the food. I'm left scratching my head and wonder how a restaurant can possibly execute such a wide array of dishes, but because variety is its selling point, we order five plates. Based on our server's recommendation, we start off with the tostones and guacamole. Tostones, we are told, are flattened plantains that have been deep fried twice. For the record, anything deep-fried is a winner in my eyes, so I was immediately sold on the dish even before tasting it. The cookie-sized discs are crunchy and subtly sweet. They are also incredibly dense and after a couple of bites, I feel as though I've just devoured a whole entree. Hold on, I already have o_o The refreshing guacamole also pairs brilliantly with the plantain chips. The dip is smooth and creamy but the flavors strike me as being out of kilter - it has the barest hint of citrus and far too much onion. I suppose it doesn't really matter anyway given that you only get a tablespoon scoop of it. We bounce from Latin America to Japan within a heartbeat and indulge in our next course, the sushi hand rolls. I end up having the spicy beef hand roll with apple, shiso, miso mayonnaise and amaranth, while Robin enjoys the spicy tuna roll. The dish is elegantly presented on a wooden stand with the miso mayonnaise on the side, but unfortunately the hand roll is a major letdown. The rice is so overcooked, it borders on being defined as congee. The juvenile error not only renders the dish a complete disaster but it also means each bite tastes like baby food, regardless of which part you consume. Nevertheless, props must be given to the kitchen for having the guts to combine apples with sushi. I wouldn't say the apple works to enhance the dish but it does impart texture and sweetness to the otherwise disappointing roll. Our next dish, the pan-seared scallops with quince puree, bacon and rapini arrives shortly afterwards and gives a whole new meaning to the phrase, sizzling hot. The scallops haven't been given the usual two minutes resting time and has been taken off the burner so recently, they are actually still sizzling when they arrive to our table! While we patiently wait for our scallops to rest, we savor the accompanying elements and are surprised by how well they combine with one another. While the quince puree tastes more like parsnip, the sweetness plays off the smoky and savory elements of the bacon perfectly. The scallops are also plump, juicy, moist and tender. It's just a pity the kitchen couldn't wait two minutes to share their joy with us. Our hit-and-miss experience at Origin continues into our final course - the Chinois duck wrap with pickled cucumber, hoisin, sriracha and sour cream. The duck is cooked perfectly and boasts a deliciously crispy skin but the dish is let down in part by the condiments and poor execution. The drizzle of sour cream underneath is excessive and basically masks the delicate taste of the duck. Meanwhile, the pancake, which bears gorgeous grill marks, is served at below-room temperature and jars with the warmth of the duck and the heat of the sriracha. Read more and view photos at gloriousgluttony.com/tor…
Easily one of the best all-around restaurants in the city. Amazing vibe, great & innovative food. Great to watch the kitchen staff work if you are a small group by sitting at the observation bar. Top dishes: Japanese tuna salad, mozzarella with pear rosemary & honey and the shrimp Thai curry with naan.
One of my favourite restaurants in Toronto. Everything about it is exciting, and dining there is a wonderful experience! The food is unique, delicious, and plated beautifully. The servers are interesting, and overall the whole environment is super fun. Some food highlights for me were: Warm mushroom salad + smoked tofu + truffled miso + crispy wakame, and Glazed banana + vanilla custard + hazelnut cereal + chocolate sorbet (best dessert I've had in a restaurant).
I like the food, pricy but good. The service was quite consistently good. They sat all lonely business diners on one end of table, and there we all set, lonely business diners. But it was cool to watch what others were eating, also by themselves. The duck tacos were great. I also thought the sashimi salad was delicious, the avocado was deliciously fresh and the entire appetizer just melt in your mouth. I literately thought I was about to have a food induced orgasm. Yuzu dressing on the salad was amazing. I would definitely return!
Excellent brunch! My review is based only on their brunch dishes which were very good (I believe it also included their snacks). We ordered the Spicy Spanish fries which were so good we had to get a second order. The hub had the tostada ranchero and I had the egg white frittata and they were both excellent. The coffee was very good as well. The only thing is that their desserts were not available during brunch time :( but that's okay. Looking forward to trying their new Bayview Village location.
Spanish fries. Crispy calamari. Mozzarella with pears. Popcorn with manchego. Lobster ceviche. Dulce de leche for dessert. AMAZING!
I usually don't give a one star review, but this place just begged for it! The place is nicely decorated, but that's where the compliments stop.  The hostess seemed out of her element from the start and couldn't provide any time estimates. She spent the rest of the evening speed walking around the restaurant looking for open tables. Her panicked walks made for an uncomfortable ambiance. Next up was the rude staff.  Our waitress continually told us she would be right with us and would go on to serve other patrons.  Staff kept using a secondary exit located inside the dining area that kept filling the room with cold air. Maybe that's why they served my white wine in a "fresh out of the dish water" hot wine glass; how thoughtful! When the patron at the next table dropped her drink, the waiter brought out an industrial mop to clean it up.  One mop for the bathroom and dining area; how efficient! The place has a second, open concept kitchen where the chefs were wearing sideways baseball hats. This combined with the hack of a dj whose playlist included Pearl Jam, Guns N' Roses and Spin Doctors, lend me to the inevitable conclusion that this restaurant was the love child of Wild Wings and the Urban Brick. The food was nothing special and certainly did not make up for the horrible service and ambiance.
food-7/10 service-6/10 drinks-7/10 ambiance-6/10 general food was good, but not great.. oysters, tuna salad, mozzarella on baguette(forgot what it was called), seared scallops(was pretty good actually) and the drinks were "interesting" wasn't so crazy about the service and music was waaaaaay too loud and c'mon... beyonce???? really???
Origin ambiance reminds me of The bowery when i mean the whole not pretentious place that pretentious people go to. its not cheap cheap but its worth trying. The food is tapas style...I wold for sure suggest eating the SUSHI CONE! its the best cone ive had, better then my works (shhh dont tell lol) there are 2 side to this place, the resto side and the lounge side +bar. I like the lounge side better, its just a bit more relaxed and there is a tv screen above the bar that they place old movies on and stuff. the decor is really nice and the bartenders know how to make goooood drinks! they have a fairly large patio for a place down town with big comfy chairs! for sure going this summer and sitting out there !
Overly ambitious, not consistently executed e.g.Buffalo mozzarella off.  Deviled eggs very good but many dishes just ok, two were bad.  Bathrooms are co-ed and don't lock but contain urinals.
Eggcellent breakfast, you can't pick and choose and make your own morning/brunch taste sensation. Not a greasy spoon, but still quite lovely. Plus one of the waiters has a curly wurly moustache. You just don't see those anymore, it's like seeing a unicorn walking around the streets. A unicorn that brings you a delicious well cooked breakfast.
3.5/5! Amazing food- recommend the corned beef or tostada for brunch! However, the service is incredibly slow so you need a lot of patience.
The food is not simply "tasty", it's beautiful. Each plate is a work of art. The kitchen staff is well trained and expertly managed. The house-made mozzarella is creamy, uber fresh, and - when plated as part of a dish - supremely inventive. Not so great is the service or the atmosphere. The service is somewhat spotty. You have to practically form tackle a member of the wait staff to get their attention. The music playing in background is loud to the point of distraction. It can be very difficult to carry on a conversation. But while those factors may detract from the overall experience, if you're looking for a favourite place in Toronto, this might be the one.
I was going to give this four stars, until I realized I couldn't think of a single criticism to level against this place. My girlfriend and I have been to Origin twice, and both times were nothing short of spectacular. Incredible food, terrific service, fantastic wine. At one point my soup arrived "slowly" (we certainly didn't notice - seriously, it was no more than five minutes), so the kitchen sent over a complimentary appetizer to pass the time. That kind of above-and-beyond service is practically unheard of in this city. We'll be back again many more times, I'm sure!
I went there for after work drinks with a group of my co-workers, they ordered appetizers which were very good but small in portion so you have to keep ordering more if you have a big group of people. We sat outside in the oversized couches , the place has a nice atmosphere , the prices are high but thats expected in this part of town . Service is ok , the server seemed to be out of it , she didnt come often enough to check on us ,all of us ordered a second round of drinks but the server never brought me mine and she ended up charging us for it   luckily i wasnt the one paying for it!
Decent Brunch Spot. Husband picked this place for my birthday brunch. And, I was pleasantly surprise.The food was pretty good.
I like the vibe of this place. I walk by all the time and finally went in for drinks and eats on Friday night. Great drinks (had Tom Collins all night) and the food was fab! We sat at the bar and had a good time just hanging out. Our bartender was very helpful and spot on with her food recommendations. The ribs and the miso fish were divine. Dessert could have been more cake and less ice cream.
Rock'n'roll played at unapologetically high volumes, innovative yet completely approachable food and a design that is understated but cool. Too bad the servers seem a little too keen to upsell, but all is forgiven with one bite of the duck wrap with sriracha. Best to go with a group and sample as much of the menu as you can.
Stopped by on a weekend afternoon to enjoy their lovely patio facing Church St. There are lots of tables plus a lounge-y area with couches. I was excited to see that they have Fruli strawberry beer here. It's the perfect sweet, summery (and girly) beer. My DC and I shared the cod croquettes which were crisp and moist, with a flavourful mustard-based sauce on the side. We also got an order of the tostones (yummy fried plantain, lightly salted) & guacamole. The tostones were really delicious and a nice change for the usual tortilla chips. I just wish there were more, because we ate all the tostones but there was still some guacamole left over. Service was a little on the slow side, but we didn't mind. This isn't the place to go if you are in a rush. Beautiful, dark interior with an open concept kitchen. As for music, they were playing The Strokes "First Impressions of Earth" CD. Nice place for an after-work drink (although it seems to get really crowded on weeknights) or a lazy weekend afternoon.
Living in downtown & my friend being the bartender recommended Origin. This place was busy, fun & live. There was great music and people laughing so it was a very positive atmosphere. The bartender made some crazy drinks for me and all tasted great. I had oysters, pear salad from the raw bar which tasted so fresh and flavourful. Then I had the bufala mozzerella with the pine nuts and the other one with eggplant, it tasted awesome. I also had the duck tacos but it was too gamey for me, so I wasn't a fan. Overall a great place, I happened to be sitting beside a blue jays baseball player.. So you might get lucky ;)
If it weren't for the patio, I would definitely not go back here. Firstly, the reservation "policy" was really silly. I booked a table a few days in advance and asked if we could book a patio spot if it was nice that day. I was told that the patio was first come, first serve. One of our little group showed up at 5pm - the posted opening evening time - and asked for a table on the patio, which already had a few people sitting there. The server at first refused and mumbled about the spaces outside being fully booked, and only relented when my friend quoted the "policy" at her.     The food - aimed high, fell flat. Except the truffle oil popcorn which was really tasty and sadly probably the highlight of the food. I had lobster ceviche - it definitely wasn't very conventional ceviche. Basically tasted like lobster in runny mayo, I really couldn't pick out any yummy citrus acidity at all. Very disappointing. The only other dish I remember was some mushroom salad, looked and sounded good but the flavours were really lacking. We had a few bottles of wine, the list was reasonably priced and had decent variety. Miscellaneous comment: One thing that I thought was annoying was that the default tip setting on the card machine is 20%. This makes it fiddly and inconvenient to choose another percentage. Given that we had to grab our own menus and almost tackle the server to order, I didn't really think the service merited 20% but I succumbed to their sneaky reliance on user laziness and just pressed the default anyway. Grrr
After reading the reviews I was excited to eat here.  But coming here after Lee was not a good idea.  The food just seemed subpar and the portions were small and more expensive.  The guacamole con tostones was only enough for 2 people although very good.  The rock hen was OK, kinda salty though.  The calamari was not very good at all...too soggy and too sweet.  The waiter didn't even offer us a dessert menu and it wasn't even that full.  It was an alright experience but wouldn't go back.
This restaurant was suggested to us by a friend who loves it, and we came here for dinner. The place has a nice vibe, and the food was good. Our favorites were: Spicy Spanish Fries and the Mozzarella with Pear. The tortilla with guacamole was disappointing, and we had the Risotto (which was good) but the Short Rib that we added was really chewy and not good. The drinks were good, and overall we would be happy to come back here.
A no-brainer, great every time if you can get a reso. Eclectic cuisine, cool ambience and good service.
We didn't have the best seat in the place, sitting across from the expeditor and up against a wall - so ambiance was a little low.  We have been before - sat outside and quite enjoyed.   This time however - we both found the food 'okay'. The beet salad is a bit silly - a whole beet - the sorrel doesn't add much - nor does they yogurt - overall this is on the low side of what many restaurants seem to accomplish with a beet salad.  The quacamole was way over cumin'd and just uninspired - any mexican haunt would outperform it.  The halibut was sadly dry and too thin a piece (the pea puree was lovely with the clams).  The lobster ceviche was a bit too acidic - although the texture of the lobster was great.  Don't think we'll go back. The broccoli was HORRIBLE - the batter was bland and chewy.  Overall the dishes were just pedestrian - so overpriced for what you got in flavor.
My friend and I came here for dinner on New Year's Eve. When we walked in, it seemed like a cool space. Open kitchen, moody lighting, interesting art work (what looked like a bunch of metal legs stuck together on the wall?). The music on rotation for the night seemed a combination of Eminem circa early 2000's and Drake. Having perused some of the reviews here before, we decided to order the following: -Tostones + guacamole - the tostones were perfectly crisp and went well with the guac. The tostones themselves could have used a bit more flavour. -Spicy spanish fries - the tastiest dish that we shared, although the toppings far outshone the fries themselves, which seemed a bit lacklustre in comparison (also for the price point) -Bufala mozzarella + pear, pinenuts & honey - the mozzarella was delightfully creamy and quite refreshing combined with the honey and pinenuts, and they did not skimp on the mozzarella. Neither of us could eat too much of this dish. -Chinois duck - by far, the most disappointing of all the dishes. The duck was dry and worst of all extremely salty, to the point where it was nearly inedible (my friend didn't finish hers). The dish was also over-sauced to the point where it overpowered our tastebuds. It could have been an off night, but we both agreed that the dish upon which this dish was inspired, would be vastly better in an asian restaurant at half the price. That being said, the portion sizes were decent for a tapas-style menu, the waitress was very friendly and accommodating, and cocktails were delicious. Back for drinks here? Yes. To eat? Probably not.
Sat. afternoon brunch - have been wanting to try Origin for a while . . . finally had the chance after shopping at St Lawrence mkt. (another must). It was not busy at all, we got a great window seat where we had a gorgeous view of majestic St. James across the street. I ordered the poached pear/mozzarella/melted brittle French toast & was definitely impressed! Portion was too large for me to finish so my husband did the honors and also enjoyed it. He had the daily quiche which he absolutely loved - it comes with a peppery salad. Would absolutely return here esp for the brunch again. My only 1 not so amazing comment is that they had a conditional dine safe pass in the window from Jan.- not good but when I looked it up at home after, I saw they actually have a full pass issued the next day in Jan. Why not post it promptly for those of us with hawk eyed cleanliness police in tow?!? . .  I know it's something small but when you have a husband like mine a conditional pass can really wreck an evening. Anyway, it's not even that bad, more worse for their own business than my personal experience. That patio must be pretty amazing in the summer!
Great food, but expect to pay a lot for very small portions. Not the place to go if you want to feel 'full' at the end of your meal. eg, beet and goat cheese salad was delish but 3 thin slices of a medium sized beet with a teaspoon of goat cheese & half a walnut on each for $10? Pretty disappointing for what you'd expect, especially when the server suggests you can share it with the table!?
Best duck pancakes for brunch and I can't get enough of those Spanish fries.
I was really looking forward to visiting this place after seeing all the crowds at the patio day after day on weekdays. The setup is spectacular for outdoor seating (the washrooms are quite a bit if walk though) Menu is more fusion style with an interesting mix representing different regions. We were mainly here for the Drinks but decided to give the appetizers a go anyway. The have reasonable selection (pricey though) of beers including Delirium Tremens. Unfortunately the Keg was not cold enough to be served so I decided to get another brew instead. My Yelp Eating Buddy (YEB) went for the signature margarita. For apps we ordered smoked cod croquet and Tostones with guacamole (fried plantains). The Margarita was good with a nice spicy finish. As for the food we were thoroughly disappointed. croquet were taste less tostones were nothing special though guacamole was decent. I can see myself coming back here for a drink or two but for a proper meal I would look elsewhere. Service was friendly and prompt.
I certainly was a fan! The location, ambiance, decor, patio and indoor seating options, food selection and specialty beers! Loved my experience here and of course, it was sweetened by the company of my high school best friend who I saw after years!
It's expensive but it's a beautiful space including a rare pleasant restaurant patio close to downtown.   Claudio Aprile has done a great job with the menu.  I recommend just getting the server to choose a selection of items to share if you're there for dinner. If you're hungover and want to have a great brunch - I recommend a Ceasar and the Huevos Rancheros.  The best hangover brunch ever and sure to impress a date.
Very similar in feel to Kultura (which is just a little further East on King), but for some reason I don't like it as much.  I mean, Origin gets a lot of things right...it creates a unique feel with an open kitchen, and also offers a casual, intimate ambiance, but the whole just (in my mind) isn't as good as the sum of its parts.  The food is good but just not AS good as Kultura, the service is decent and overall it's a pretty good experience...but given the choice between here and Kultura, I would almost always pick Kultura.
All I can say is that the Duck Confit French Toast is amazing!  I am going again next week to bring another group of friends!  I loved the sweet-savoury mix.  It was definitely a well balanced dish.  The only surprise was when we got the bill, we ended up paying $12.00 for still water, we only drank two bottles really, but whenever someone passed by our table they would refill our water glasses - we thought wow this is great service, little did we know we were paying for every bottle.  We barely touched the last bottle of water, so we ended up paying for 3 bottles of water.  No one told us that we were paying for each and every bottle.  Water should have a flat fee if you are going to charge for it and refills should be free.  Regardless I'm still going back for the DC French Toast.  Just not ordering the still water.
Great easy food, but certainly what sets it apart is the fantastic drinks. Masterfully imagined and prepared, it's a great place for after work drinks or dinner out.
Love this place. Stumbled upon it looking for a late place to eat.  Small plates were just the right size and the food was wonderful. Duck taco inspired creations were the best.  Thanks to Chris behind the bar for the great suggestions.  Make sure you get the Plantain Guacamole starter.
You might like this place if you like everything really, really salty.
Second time there and thoroughly enjoyed the food both times! The Tuna hand roll was delicious and a favorite at the table. It's finished with a little spicy sauce that tops the refreshing roll perfectly. The Japanese tuna salad was paired well with avocado and thinly sliced cucumber. Top two menu items not to miss if visiting origin!! But the piece-de-resistance, the item I cannot stop drooling over is most definitely the Dulce de Leche!! As a sweets fan and someone who is well versed in the world of desserts, this dessert blew me away!! The Topping of frozen raspberry segments adds a great kick of tartness when combined with the creamy delicious-ness underneath.....amazing.
After reading many reviews and hearing that Origin was recently rated #1 restaurant in Toronto, I came to this place expecting a lot. For everyone's sake who ventures here, I hope that my high expectation left me so disappointed. I came in a group of 4.  The decor was good enough.  Service was quite quick yet friendly. The staff were quite down-to-earth which I appreciated.   I found the volume of music quite loud and the tables were large (suited for sharing meals). As a result, I was limited to discussion with the person beside me. My main complaint was the food.   We ordered the spanish fries with chorizo - which was interesting and tasty 5/10.  Most fries were soggy which is why this dish loses points. The mushroom, apple sushi roll presented itself beautifully! It came to us on a wooden block and the mushrooms looked delectable.  We were hugely disappointed eating this though.  I could barely taste the mushrooms.  There was no hint of apple (maybe they forgot to add it?) and the rice was dense and mushy.   The Bufala Mozzarella, pear, pine nut, honey dish was pretty good - 7/10.  Probably my favourite dish of the evening. The Black cod was itself was pretty good but the bed of noodles and sauce was very bland. My friends ate the Duck, flour tortilla and were also disappointed. Oysters were decent - again nothing memorable. Needless to say, I won't be heading here again.
Went here for my boyfriend's birthday this past weekend. Here is what we ordered: Snacks: Deviled Eggs (very good, the crispy panchetta was probably the best part of it, but overall, for what you can do with a deviled egg, it was nicely presented) Corn on the Cob (meh, would skip with one next time, not worth the 7 bucks for 1 cob) Raw 1/2 dozen Malpeque Oysters (Garnished really nicely, but I found one to be super gritty) Tuna Salad (So nicely presented we didn't want to dig into it, but very tasty, great mix of flavours with the tuna sashimi, sweetness of the Asian pears, along with avocado and cucumbers) Mozzarella Bar Burrata with marinated red peppers, pesto on a crusty baguette (probably our favourite dish, the burrata was super creamy) Hot Curried Shrimp with Naan Bread (this was the only hot dish we ordered tonight and it was good, curry wasn't too strong, and the dish contained chicks peas and other spice, with 4 pieces of shrimp). Dessert Dulce le leche+pressed yogurt+crumbled frozen raspberries (Great dessert, the tartness of the frozen raspberry crumbles went amazingly well with the sweetness of the caramel creme, and right when you get to the very bottom of the dessert, there's a tiny layer of thick creamy Greek yogurt) Overall, both the boyfriend and I enjoyed our meal, however, the place is very loud, and doesn't really have much of a romantic/relaxed atmosphere. A tad on the pricy side, but a lot of the dishes are quite unique and visually appealing. Taste wise, some were a hit and some were a miss. Would def. recommend the Tuna Salad, Burrata, and Dulce le leche for dessert. one odd thing, not a bad thing, bu our waiter advised us stronger to NOT get the Crispy Calamari... although we saw plate after plate of it coming out of the open kitchen.
Absolutely delightful: excellent service, inventive but approachable and ultimately delicious food and drinks, and truly lovely ambiance. A MUST experience.
What a disappointment. The food at brunch was average at best and the service was horrible. The mandatory tip they made me pay for a group of 6 was undeserved. I will never go here again.
I ordered the chorizo. It had so much silver skin and cartilage that I had to remove it from my mouth. I asked the server to show the chef, he came back and said "its supposed to be like that". Nice decor, sweet location, and the fresh mozzarella was quite tasty. Though from what I understand the chefs switch out all the time. The perks of being close to George brown I guess. All in all I'm sure that they could create good food, u just gotta get lucky with the chef, probably best as a drink and snack spot, rather than a sit down meal.
First thing I Need to do is explain that I didn't actually order or taste the Origin burger but I was sitting between 2 tables of people who DID order it and it smelled amazing.  I'll be getting that when I visit again.  What I DID have was the Spanish fries which were very good and not like anything I've had before.  I also had the buffalo mozzarella/honey/pine nuts appetizer which also was very good and I'd rate both appetizers as 8 out of 10.  It always disappoints me though, that so many places can create such great appetizers and salads and then disappoint with the main.  I thought about the burger but decided to go with the sizzling beef platter which was fine but sort of lacking direction.  It just seemed like it was tossed together and hopefully worked out.  On to dessert-I had the hot chocolate cake which started out amazing and only got better.  Mrs. Jr. Bob also got the cheese/cracker platter for the post-meal which also was quite amazing but, as is usually the case, she doesn't like to actually  FINISH dishes so the burden falls on me to become 'the cleaner'.  This is a role I do like but can be a little tough when you have to end on cheese after having already devoured a delicious chocolate cake.  But it was surprisingly easy and I didn't even have to order a 2nd hot chocolate cake (because all meals must end with the most unhealthy thing on the menu.  I considered it, but in the end, didn't order it.  There's also an amazing drink... a flaming drink, but don't let the novelty of that steer you away from it.  The sad thing is, I had a 'couple of few ' (yes, that's how I talk when I have more than 2) and that unfortunately makes me NOT remember the name and even more unfortunately, the origin website is down (huh? how?) and I can't even look up the name of it.  If the site comes back up sometime soon I'll edit this and list the name.  How can their website be down?  What gives!?
the food is good, but portions are better for one, not for sharing. black cod is tasty, but similar tasting product can be had for half the price. and i think it should be noted that variety can be a blessing or a curse. not a big fan of the drinks - inventive to be sure, but not always tasty. choose wisely. a lively atmosphere if you're looking for that.
Food was excellent, and exciting, service was a bit rushed, but gorgeous atmosphere, i would be back
I'd have to agree with the other "middling" reviewers. Just OK in most respects and not all that it aspires or pretends to be. I had the chicken tostada, which was a large portion and pretty good. However, the flavors didn't meld too well (I think too many disparate things going on), it was basically impossible to eat (the tostada cracked if you tried to use fork and knife but was much too big to pick up with your hand) and there was too much lime flavor to it. It seemed the presentation and composition trumped the overall taste and practicality of the dish. The Miso cod was unremarkable and certainly not among the best I've had. The veggies served with it again didn't complement the dish, and were seemingly an afterthought. I also had a pricey glass of French Pinot Noir that I would not recommend at half the price. There are many things on this menu and no doubt some are good-I may not have picked the best. Still, I'd have to hope that Toronto can offer much better at this price, and you should hope so too if you are going out!
had my first dinner inside origin. the food is pretty good, but it is SOOOO LOUDDDDD that i was unable to really enjoy the experience. stick to the patio.
I'm giving origin 2.5 stars. After hearing mostly positive reviews, me and 3 others decided to have dinner at Origin last night. The atmosphere was alive and the place was almost full. This was surprising, as it was a Wednesday night and this got me excited for the dining experience. Our waiter was casual and attentive, and I like that. We started off with drinks as we looked through the menu. The mix drink I ordered was very well made. I could actually taste the alcohol. Our server recommended dishes to us and we ordered them all, plus anything else we felt like ordering. In total we ordered around 10 dishes, we did not hold back. Unfortunately, the majority of our dishes where lack lustre. The devil eggs, where, well, devil eggs. Nothing special. Not horrible, but nothing great. I enjoyed the green peas. Nothing super special, but fresh and a good side dish to nibble on. The tostones and guacamole was so disappointing. The guacamole was basically mashed up avocados. No flavour! The plantain chip was again, NOTHING SPECIAL. From the raw bar we got both the Japanese tuna and the spicy beef. The tuna dish was great, flavourful and interesting. The only thing was, the portions are tiny! Between 4 people, you get 3 slices of mango, a bit off the other ingredients and one small sliver of tuna. The portions of most things where ridiculous, I know it's tapas, but give me a break! The pare mozzarella ball was ok, a bit too sweet for me, but not bad nor great. We had the calamari, it was the smallest portion of calamari I've ever seen, AND it was not good.  The Chinios duck was by far my favourite dish of the night. The cod croquettes where another disappointing dish. I can't even remember what else we ordered right now, but that detail tells you everything. Dessert was ok, but nothing great either. I had the banana cream pie. Overall, I found this place to be more about a scene more that great food. The portions where complete bs and the food lacked flavour. For the price of the food, I think one would expect it to be more than just average. I would not recommend this place and I will not be going back.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Toronto.  Everything I've had here has been excellent.  Some favorites: spanish fries, ahi tuna salad, black cod with miso.  All the dishes are beautiful in their presentation and multi-layered in both flavours and texture.  Gret upscale atmosphere and down-to-earth staff.  Very creative cocktail menu that changes often.  Fantastic patio.  I can recommend this place for both a night out with friends, business lunch or date night.
For a well known celebrity chef like Claudio Aprile, Origin is somewhat of a disappointment, despite the generally solid preparations of their tapas courses. I had the cod, rock hen, and thai beef salad. All were flavorful, but set against the ambience of the restaurant, and the urban price tag, these flavors were somewhat muted. The open layout, high ceilings, exposed brick, should have augmented the hip factor. However, there was an element to the design that throws the environs into cold and sterile. I was lucky to witness the chef in action- instructing the cooking staff on perfection of plating. With an eager staff and good intent, might be worth giving this place a few more weeks to mature into its own establishment.
Great atmosphere and good table service in bar area while waiting for our table, followed by a really excellent meal and yummy wine. We each chose two dishes and shared everything as the food was served at spaced intervals. Plenty of variety to choose from and there was more than enough to leave us too full for dessert.
Favorite Tapas spot in the city.  Easy to see why this restaurant is growing and adding multiple locations.  Keep it up!
Great energy, interesting and creative menu, especially if you're a bit of a foodie.  Friendly hostess, bartender and staff.  We liked it a lot.  Fairly expensive but worth it.  Seems to stay quite busy both at lunch and dinner.
I don't know a better spot for a Corktown brunch than Origin. Polished service, a relaxing patio, an innovative menu...what more can you ask? Between us, my husband and I have tried the mac and cheese (rich and smoky, thanks to the chorizo), the ranchero eggs (toothsome and not as greasy or over-large as similar creations elsewhere), the trail mix and the adorable, justly famous devilled eggs. From afar we've admired the French toast with bufala mozzarella and poached pear. Next time! A piquant cocktail with mango juice (sorry, forget the name) would have been better with a tad less gin and more mango. Brunch at Origin will definitely cost you compared to other good but less elegant options (e.g., Harlem, just around the corner). But to my mind it's worth the difference. If you go on a summer Sunday and sit outdoors, be prepared for lots of carillon action from St. James Cathedral across the street. Love 'em or hate 'em, the bells will last 10 or minutes.
