Great find! Sandwich, soup & service was great. Chicken fig sandwich was great! Quiet lobby off store to unwind in away from crowds @ falls.
Good Portobello sammie. It's in a weird spot. It's inside the building, but has sitting outside. The close an hour earlier than advertised.
Old Falls Street Deli is a fantastic deli in the Niagara Falls Cullinary Institute building. It's ran by culinary students trying to get some real-world experience and money for school. My first surprise was the menu. I tried to get an idea of what the Deli offered by looking at their website but they offered so much more than what their website said. If you're I ordered the Turkey Panini Wrap which is exactly like it sounds like but with some bacon too. I found it delicious and it was a good portion size. It appears that every sandwich and wrap comes with homemade Potato Chips and they're equally as good as well. The chips were not dripping in oil unlike some of the other homemade chips I had in the past. That said, there's one and only one reason the Deli got -1 stars and it's the price. It's about $9-$10 for a soup, salad, panini, or wrap with a side of chips... and that's before the drink. But, considering how it's in a tourist district and is primarily designed to support college students, it's hard to get too angry.
Located inside the Culinary Institute, the Old Falls Street Deli is hidden back in a corner of the building serving salads, wraps, soups and paninis. You place an order at the counter, which you can then eat at one of the tables in the main atrium of the Institute. It's a decent option for lunch as the different sandwiches are quite good, although pricey at around $9-10 each. Coming up to the window, you see the different sandwiches and wraps displayed through the window (do they remake them every day?) so you pretty much know what the sandwich you want is going to look like. Furthermore, you can create your own with ingredients that you want (I haven't tried that yet). For my first time here, I ordered a Cuban Panini: served with slow roasted pork loin, black forest ham, Weber's mustard, pickle, swiss cheese on sourdough bread. Coming in at a whopping $10 with tax, the sandwich was decent size, although the huge pieces of bread dominated the pork loin, ham and other ingredients. The result was: I threw away two of the pieces of bread to balance out the sandwich. The pork loin was especially good, but there could have been more of it. The ham was typical of what you'd expect from a standard cut of black forest. Weber's Mustard -- love the local Buffalo-condiment. The sandwich was nice, but the bits of meat were a but uneven for the larger price tag. For $10, I expected more. I should mention it was served with some freshly made chips which were pretty good (but I don't generally like potato chips and would appreciate the option of greens instead). It's still an OK option with fresh ingredients, but I think they need to offer more value for their options.
Excellent sandwhiches.  We were looking for something decent, not overpriced.  I hadd heard about the culinary institute.  The students work here and prepare the food.  Fresh bread, boars head meat and good chips.  I don't think you will find anything like this for the price around this area.
If you are in the mood for a very good lunch that is also very expensive this is the place for you. But hey, good things cost money................ Very small space but clean and classy. When you walk in you are greeted by a very friendly person who attempts to do everything they can do to provide you a superior level of customer service, which was welcoming. They have very interesting combinations for wraps which at first I was a bit thrown off about. I was about to walk out when I said hey, lets just give them a try. I ordered a turkey wrap that had diced up apples on it?????!!!!!!!!! weird huh??? IT WAS WONDERFUL!!!! I honestly cant tell you which I liked more my weird wrap of the perfectly salted home made potato chips. If you are in the area of Niagara falls on the American side for lunch I would pick this place any day over the other slim pickings in the immediate vicinity of the falls. However be prepared to spend about 15 bucks on a wrap, chips and a drink.
What and absolute delight I stumbled on as I found myself in downtown NF with some time to spare.  I decided to check out the new Culinary Arts Institute and inside was an unassuming little deli with an awesome selection of sandwiches wraps and panini's. I was hungry so I ordered the Panchetta Panini.  Perfectly cooked, on rye with fresh made chips.  Crunchy panchetta and crisp lettuce. Quick, but not cheap, but good food at a fair price.  Nearby was a Patisserie with stunning pastries.  Well done, Niagara Falls! Well done!
A great place for lunch--salads, wraps, paninis.  We split a turkey wrap and even though we both have healthy appetites, the portion size was fine for the two of us.   The chips are made at the deli and are quite good but the wrap was delicious.  Very accomodating and friendly service.
Went here for lunch after walking around the park and doing the Maid of the Mist- needless to say we needed a break from commotion and crowds. This deli was perfect. Hidden inside the Culinary Arts Institute, seating is in a quiet courtyard with a fountain. There were great sandwich, panini and salad choices. Food was delicious and perfectly unique. Just the right touch to make it different than normal but still exactly what you wanted. I would definitely come back here again.
