We had a few beers with lunch at Yank's before heading here and it made the experience that much more fun!  If you want to be drunken tourists for the day too, check this place out and be sure to buy tickets ahead of time for a deal, and check yelp before purchasing because they often post check-in deals.
I didn't think many of the wax figures looked like who they were supposed to, and some of them had terribly mismatched, outdated outfits on, but others looked really good. The sets were nicely made too and there was a lot to look at and things to take pictures with.
This place was so lulzworthy. The figures are so bad it's awesome. You know that kid that you sat next to in 6th grade art class, the one who thought she was awesome at drawing because she covered her notebook in anime versions of Robert Smith? Guess what? It's fifteen years later, and she got a job in Niagara Falls. At the wax museum! Where all the figures look like Napoleon Dynamite spent 3 hours shading their upper lips.
Most of the figures you were guessing who they were.  It was pretty cool.  There are figures in the bathroom so stop by...they're next to Dr. Phil!
Louis Tussand's wax figures don't even closely look like the celebrities they are suppose to represented. Here are the celebrities wax figures I saw. Tiger Woods wax figure will be near the entrance way and like the real Tiger Woods, he's often taking posting photos with hot girls. Michael Jackson is in the hallway, posting photos with young boys? Eddie Murphy looks like Shaft. He's a bad Mother Fu...shut your mouth! Tom Hanks doesn't look like him nor is he's dress up like Forrest Gump on the bench. Momma always said, life is like a box of chocolate. You never know which one will break your teeth due to it being WAX!!!! Tom Cruise will try to converted you to Scientology. AH-Nold is there and will be back. Denzel is there on training day, Jay Leno's chin is bigger than ever. Talking to Dr. Phil and Oprah help me a lot. Prince William is trying to be charming by having his arms pointing to his 'royal jewels'!! Lol. Elvis is serving coffee? King of Coffee. Marilyn Monroe looks like a psycho. Ghandi looks drunk. Jack Sparrow is on a monkey in a barrell. Odd, seeing Saddam, Fidel Castro, and Hitler there. Morgan Freeman, oops I meant Nelson Mandela was there. Monica Lewensky is there, and yes there was a stain on her dress. Bill Clinton had his hands down in his pants and had long hair? President George W Bush looks like Nick Nolte. Old School Batman and Penguin from Batman Returns. Austin Power stole my mojo and looks like Woody Allen. John Lennon looks like Jesus. Ok, the celebrites have different rooms with themes, but still they don't even look real. Other things to see are the Wax Bison, Frankenstein, and  robots made out of scrap metal. World largest seat to sit in looking at the match stick statue of liberty. Portait of Queen Elizabeth made out of beans. FART!!! Great, who didn't see that coming. Then there is the bearded lady, and  largest fat and tall men wax figure. Over all: this is a odd place, but the wax figures don't look like the people at less in my opinion.
Not bad.  Much better than Hollywood Wax Museum but not near as good as Madame Tussauds in NY and London.  Few of the wax figures were "spot on" but at least you could tell who they were supposed to be without clues from the costumes or the backdrop.
some of them looked good, some of them did not. either way it was fun to go through! it's no madam tussauds from NYC but it was fun and entertaining.
For the most part this place is pretty good! It is much better than the Movieland Wax Museum on Clifton Hill. The characters had name tags and for the most part you were able to tell who it was before reading the tag. As well, compared to the other museum, you are able to get up close and personal with them, and they aren't behind a gate! The place is a little creepy with the eyes following you... The scary area isn't scary at all... The warning is more terrifying. Get the ticket with the ripleys ticket!
I found that 75% of the wax figures looked nothing like their real life counterparts. Thankfully most of the figures have name tags because I would not have known who they were trying to be without them (Paris Hilton figure with miniature head I'm lookin' at you!). I have seen pictures from friends that have visited other wax museums in different parts of the country and they always look creepily similar and this sadly was not the case here. We purchased a combo ticket for both Ripley's museum and Louis Tussaud's wax museum and I found the Ripley's one to be MUCH more entertaining than the wax museum. We were in and out of the wax museum in about 20-25 minutes. I would not go again although some people might enjoy the novelty of this place, I did not.
My husband and I came here when it was dead and got a little creeped out from being one of the only couples in the vicinity. I'd say come here with a group because walking into the room where majority of the wax figures are (room with the fountain) was a little scary lol
Some look very much like the real deal, others not so much, but what the heck. Still a fun place to go and take alot of "selfies"
I went to this and the other Wax Museums in and around the Niagra Falls area. All three of them are individually themed but all have amazing work done, almost realistic. I had a few pics taken with them, however, for some of the dead guys it was obvious that it was fake. I find wax figures to be classic works of art in itself. Admission was $$$ just like the other three, however, well worth it.
Many of the wax characters were horrible and looked nothing like the celebrities they were supposed to be. As this is a wax museum... Yes that is the point, so that was a little disappointing. Lots of fun photo ops if you get into it and act silly. Try and come up with faces that match what the wax people are doing.
Had fun in this museum! Interactive and lots of picture opportunities! Kids will love this one.
I was very pleased with this place!!! Yes, some of the wax figures didn't look much like the celebrity, but that's besides the point, and it's not very important. The sets were very well designed, and there were great opportunities to take great pictures. Honestly, it did creep me out at first. Just a bunch of people standing around in a room, staring at nothing. But, you get used to it. The horror section gave me a good laugh. Great place for families and for kids of all ages! Even the adults will find stuff they like.
This place totally creeped me out!!! I feel bad for my mate with me because they had some special scary section. I was so freaked out at that point, that I just couldn't go in there with him! Was it not enough they had a room with Kim Jong Il!? We went on a weeknight and were the only people in the whole museum. It was so scary being surrounded by all these wax figures! I was scared to stand next to them; I kept feeling like they would snatch me up and take me away. They claim to have "instantly recognizable, true-to-life wax figures", I'd have to disagree. We had a hard time telling who a few of the figures were, they were so far off from other wax figures I've seen. It was a fun time going through with my friend. I wish there had been more people in there so I wasn't so freaked out. My favorite wax figure was the John Lennon & Yoko Ono hair peace, bed peace scene. He's my idol and that was pretty cool having my tree hugging hippie moment with him. Pre-buy your ticket online and save some $$$. The most real figure was the ticket taker at the front desk, eek! I went to her before the real person. I'm an idiot.
Yeah... you know.... really I don't know what convinced me to do this. It was simply A-OK. Yes, I admit some of the wax figures look close to amazingly real. There were a lot of current and interesting figures and musicians. Again, not sure why I came in. Maybe to see what the hype was about with these places. But yeah none the less, interesting. Not interesting enough to see more than once in a lifetime.
I know that I am supposed to like places like this.  Many people pay a lot of money to go see wax replicas of their favorite celebrities but to me it just seems creepy.  When I was here there was more than one time when I spun around because I swear they were looking at me.  If you can get past the creepiness of the whole ordeal (although I couldn't) then you probably would really like it.  The one room that got to me the most was the "cocktail party room" where there are about twenty different wax statues all standing around waiting for their picture to be taken, but you can't help but expect them to come alive and kill everyone.  This place is a tourist trap in one of the worst senses but if it's the kind of thing you like then by all means go, but if your like me and prefer all your creepy statues in front of you then go to a museum. Like the review?  Check out the link to my blog on my profile.
