We got the deal from travelzoo for the tour at this winery. It included wine tasting, beer tasting and lunch. I really enjoyed it, it was amazing, everyone's was really helpful, gave us good tips, good wine, interesting beer, the lunch bag contained a really good sandwich with homemade bread! Delicious!
Beware of any tour bus that makes you stop at this place.. They offered one sip of wine and wanted you to pay to try more..
I visited the Niagara College Teaching Winery on Memorial Day Weekend. I was surprised to find such a treasure. The grounds were superb and atmosphere was delightful. We were greeted at the door and was given a brief over view of the gallery. They host three different categories of wines: the college's regular wine, Dean's List wines, & Icewines.. All were available for tasting as well. We walked around, took some photos and looked at all they had to offer. We ended up doing a tasting. We tried their semi-sweet whites as well as their Icewine. I was slightly disappointed that they did not carry a sweet white wine and they did not have a Rose. However we were informed that they were just about to bottle their first Rose.. so I will have to go back and taste that! Niagara College has an amazing program for the culinary arts! I suggest visiting Niagara's College Teaching Winery if you are NEW to wines and wine tasting. They are knowledgable and are able to answer all of your questions. Once you've gathered information you are free to peruse through Niagara Wine Country with the wherewithal to enjoy fine wine. On your next drive over the boarder, visit Niagara College Teaching Winery and you won't be disappointed!
Before you start reading this review, let it be known that before this I had never been to a wine tasting or a winery of any kind, so this is my first experience. This was a stop on our Niagara Falls tour, and I was surprised at the quality of it.  I knew it was at a college, so I wasn't expecting much.  That said, the doors were opened for us by a student (I'm assuming), who led us to Alicia, our guide.  She gave us all a glass of a dry white wine, and led us outside to the vineyard.  She taught us how to properly taste wine, giving us the white, a red, and an ice wine, all made at the college. The retail store was pretty impressive - if I had had more money, I probably would have bought more than the one bottle I did.  Friendly staff, a decent selection (not the greatest, but it's a teaching winery so I understand), and good wine.
The Niagara College Teaching Winery is the centre for wine education in the Niagara Peninsula and is the only fully licensed teaching winery in Canada. Wine Visitor + Education Centre is where all the year round tour starts ($5) and where you can taste or purchase the wines that produced by their professional wine makers and with the involvement of students. Make sure you go to the back of the facilities which overlook the vineyard, the view is just stunning! And imagine doing a wine tasting right there at the picnic table on a nice sunny day! The students that taking courses and certificates here about wine are just so lucky!! I wish I can take a course here some day!
I was so pleasantly surprised by this place. If I was expecting something sort of grungy and unprofessional (because it's, y'know, run by students), I was so very, very wrong. We were greeted by Josh, who did our tour. He was funny and knowledgeable (a graduate of the Winery and Viticulture program at this school, he clearly had to try not to overwhelm us with information as we visited the vineyard and the winery. We loved the tour! Following the tour we had a private tasting in the tasting room, where Josh taught us how to properly examine and taste wine, which was fun and set us up well for the other wineries we would visit. The wines themselves were excellent, particularly the ice wine. I would definitely recommend visiting this winery at the beginning of a day of visiting wineries.
we took advantage of The Wine & Herb Festival info - a weekend touring the 21 Wineries of Niagara-on-the-Lake where each will feature a different herb-themed food pairing matched to a premium VQA wine selected to highlight the flavour and aroma of the herb. featured herb - Thai Curry Shrimp with Aioli Dip with 2006 Rosé and Curry review - amazing place. I talked with the girl for a while about the college and the programs it offered, so interesting. we had one of their dean's list cab franc ice wines (offered for free) and it was by far the best ice wine we tasted the whole trip. it was $55 however and a little out of our budget, so we didn't wind up purchasing it, and regret it!
