This place was great! The exhibits were entertaining, and yes there were things you were to read but there were plenty of areas with videos and funny stuff to see! The best was the part of the museum was the exhibits specifically for Niagara Falls. My favourite was the illusion with the hermit... Still can't figure that one out! They also have the wax hands!
Definitely had an odd factor but overall my experience was lacking and my husband and I didn't enjoy it as much. Would recommend this place to older people and possibly kids/teenagers
This was the perfect fun thing to do in the middle of the day.  When we went (September) it was not busy at all so we didn't have to deal with any crowds.  Tons of super interesting stuff, the stuff that fascinates me the most (and scares me too) is the section of medieval torture devices!  Overall, it was a great date with my hubby!
I went to this and the other Wax Museums in and around the Niagra Falls area. All three of them are individually themed but all have amazing work done, almost realistic. I had a few pics taken with them, however, for some of the dead guys it was obvious that it was fake. I find wax figures to be classic works of art in itself. Admission was $$$ just like the other three, however, well worth it. It is not only a wax museum but a museum in general. You will go in and say WTF? and yes these people do exist.
My boyfriend and I weren't really impressed with this place. Some parts were interesting, but overall it was a lot more boring than we expected. Neither of us thought it was worth the $27 we paid to get in.
This place actually was fairly entertaining.  We spent a good at least hour in the exhibit, while most of the other little rides would cost more than half the admission and last literally 3 minutes.  My only complaint is that we couldn't get the app on our phones to work properly to get the full experience.  If only that actually worked, I would've given it a 5 star.
One of the best things we did in Niagara falls. This is not a ride so be prepared to walk slowly through and read all the hundreds on signs besides the many strange and curious items. My boyfriend and I spent several hours strolling through and reading the bizarre.. Most families and people just rushed through each room. Take the time and you will enjoy it.
For me, Ripley's believe it or not museums are a hobby in and of itself. Anytime I am in a new city I look to see if there is a Ripley's museum. This past summer I was lucky enough to visit one of my favorite Ripley attractions, the museum in Niagara Falls Canada. This museum is located at the top of Clifton Hill. This is the touristy side of Niagara Falls. If you're coming from the American side and find yourself on the Canadian side you cant help but wonder what "we" did wrong. The American side is basically in a ghetto with a few outdated wax museums. You cross over to the Canadian side and it looks like Walt Disney's alter ego had a hand in construction. Clifton Hill is packed with restaurants, amusements, and all around family fun. At the top of the "fun hill" is an imposing structure (the Empire State Building turned on its side with King Kong hanging off it). This is the Ripley's museum. The museum houses many of famed cartoonist Robert Ripley's most prized collection of oddities. The museum contains items made out of matchbooks, dryer lint, and even authentic African tribe attire. The museum is fun for all ages, you will have fun solo, as a couple, or with a family. Allow 1-2 hours depending on if your a person that reads each description of each item or if you're considered "three nodder" (someone that looks at an items nods 3 times and moves on). The end of the museum houses a little gift shop but believe it or not it is stocked better than many of the other Ripleys museums i've been too (12 to date). They also have a wax hands station where you can get your hands cast in wax. The museum will run you close to 20 a person so look around for a coupon book (they're all over) or you might want to buy a package which allows you to go in a few other attractions all at discounted prices.
Lots of neat information packed in a little space! My son and I enjoyed reading the facts. I think it could have been more interactive though. We are about to head to the wax museum!
This was a fun place for all ages, kids and adults. Make sure to look out for coupons to get a small discount. The museum was bigger then I thought it would be. There were quite a few exhibits to enjoy. If you are artist or sculptor you will definitely enjoy this place. One of my favorite exhibits was the spinning room, history of Niagara video, and all the funny and weird figures. This spot is probably one of the better museums/sites in Clifton hills, try it out!
This place is full of fascinating things to living ppl of this earth. From Robert Wadlow and his crazy height to 'Lizard Man' with his tongue, to 1400 lb man. This is a worthwhile exhibit to enjoy with yourself, loved ones or family. They have huge chair to fit two ppl. They have a place you can take a picture of your shadow. This place you can easily spend 1 hr or more in there. They also have cool features if you download their app, you can scan things and see additional stuff you don't usually see. Worth the admission of $30 two ppl. Although I do wish the exhibit was longer and more to see, but that's b/c we like to see more weirdness and believe it or not.
This is the place you want to visit if you interest in RIPLEY's. We have 4 teens' boys with us and they all reacted WEID! :) The exhibits run from mid tolerant to quite scary one (The boys had a great time to tease me when I refused to get through a scream hall). There are few displays look so unreal, but needless to say this is Ripley's.  At some time down the hall, there is some display which the kids can get into the playing along... My kids enjoyed this place, and that is very important to me. This Ripley's Believe it Or Not! Auditorium is located at the top of Clifton Hill across from Frankenstein's. The cost is worth 2 ice-cream cones, to me it is well worth!
Going to a Ripleys in Niagara is basically a requisite for any kind of trip to Niagara that's longer than 24 hours. This Ripley's Believe it Or Not! Odditorium is located at the top of Clifton Hill across from Frankensteins. My boyfriend had yet to go to a Ripleys and while I knew I'd been to the one, I didn't think I'd been to this one so we decided to check it out on a windy afternoon on our anniversary weekend. First of all, don't be dumb like me and print off coupons and forget to use them. You can get dollar off coupons for this place just about anywhere online but it's unlikely you'll get a better discount than that (and this goes for quite a lot of places in Niagara, discounts are few and far between). Second of all, this isn't the kind of place I would bring little children to. Not that there's anything particularly scary but its not optimized for little ones. There were a lot of kids in here but the exhibits here take some time to look at and read the little plaques and kids just don't have that kind of attention span. The first half of the odditorium is mainly stuff to look at with a few interactive displays. As you get to the second half though, you'll find more stuff you can actually play with and that kids would enjoy. That being said, this is like any Ripleys, the claim everything is real but I highly doubt it is considering that some stuff looks really super fake and some stuff is 100% fake. But it's a novelty and it sucked up the better part of an hour, especially the second half of it. At $13 each, its a bit on the pricey side but that's what most of the stuff on Clifton hill will cost you, golf, horror houses, etc. I also think that there's a bunch of duplicate stuff from the Guinness World Records place down the street. Don't bother going to both, pick one or the other. They're equally entertaining and cost about the same.
Poor deformed animals! Awwww, it made me so sad to see two headed animals, poor babies. Pre-buy your tickets for Ripley's Believe It Or Not to save a few dollars. You can get some pretty cool pictures while at the Odditorium. I learned a lot while making my way around the museum. Some factoids were super informative and fun while some were just lame and they should have left out. It was definitely a mix of exhibits. The special Niagara Falls exhibit and movie is of course the most unique thing about this museum and probably the most cool thing here, as well. It takes just over an hour to walk through and if you buy both this & the wax museum prior on their website, the tickets will run you $10 each. They are open until 1am on Summer nights!
Purely based on kids' veiwpoint: They luved it.   Interactive, picture spots, hands-on exhibits, good, clean fun. Tickets purchased directly from their site are a good discount, i think $5 off adult, $3 off child.  They also have other specials listed.
This place is actually pretty damn cool. I have never been to a Ripleys' Museum and I have always loved the Ripleys' books and magazines.  This place has some awesome exhibits and trivia.  I especially enjoyed the 16th-17th century German torture devices and the Niagara Falls trivia displays.  It's funny to see some of the freakshow stuff in here. The tickets here, yea a bit expensive.  The thing is, you could spend that same amount of money anywhere else on this street on less impressive stuff.
What can I say. For the $39 plus tax (about $48 Canadian) for 4 different experiences!  Well worth the money! When you first arrive on Clifton Hill you'll notice the Ripley's 4-D attraction with the ticket booth.  Go there first and buy the 4 pack, you'll save some serious cash and you'll get the best of Clifton Hill experiences. * Ripley's Believe it or Not Museum * Nightmares Fear Factory * Louis Tussauds Wax works * Ripley's 4-D ride I'm not sure of the spelling on these, but those are the 4 attractions. Fear Factory was SCARY and interesting!  Don't chicken out! Wax works was very cool and you can actually pose for pictures with all the exhibits, LOVE IT! 4-D ride was corny but kinda different with the snow falling down...hehe Ripley's museum was very cool and has a lot to look at.   Would return and see all these again.
Hubby's co-worker suggested we check this out while we were visiting.  After a few drinks on our first night in Niagara, we popped in.  It was priced alright, with options to go to the ride across the street & one of the wax museums -- but we opted just for the museum itself. There were all sorts of oddities to be seen - shrunken heads, artwork on rice, world's tallest man's shoes & a ton of other things.  In fact, there were so many items in this collection that I hardly believe that we saw everything that was in there.  Definitely just a random collection of items, but if you're at all interested in oddities, I suggest checking it out.
This place is great.  Kids loved it so much we had to take them back the next day
Took my wifey and kids here for spring break.  Lots of fun stuff to see here.  Didnt care much about the ancient artifact stuff but the brain teaser artwork was really cool.  Tickets are a decent price at $12.99. One of those places you have to go at least once. Heres a tip.  Dont make any funny faces in the mirror.
Similar to all the other Ripley's Museums I have visited however there is still a TON of interesting stuff to look at. The museum is located on Clifton Hill in Niagara Falls, it is easy to access, a little pricey but worth it, and a great place to visit with the kids (especially when its raining!!) Word of advice, if you can...stop and read all the little signs and trivia plaques on the wall, it'll make the experience all the more worth it.
It's something to break up the neon overload outside.  We got the Fun Pass that includes this, the SkyWheel and other stuff so we got like $5 off or something which was a welcome relief.  If you know what Ripley's is all about, it's just that stuff in one place.  Kids will probably love it and if you get the Fun Pass, there's no reason not to go.  At the end you can have your hand made into a mold or hold your honey's hand and have that molded which might make for a cool souvenir if you have a REALLY safe way to transport it home.
I loved reading Ripley books as a kid. Now my 7-yr-old son loves them. My family had a blast here, killing a full hour while checking out the weird stuff and doing the weird 'perception' activities.
this was our favorite out of all the things on clifton hill. we were in here for at least an hour and had the best time. I definitely say to check it out! I've been to the one in Los angeles and this one was better.
Hokey, touristy, silly. Still, it's a fun way to spend a half an hour on the main drag at Niagara Falls. Staff is nice and the admission isn't too pricey for one museum (though they have deals if you go to multiple). If you liked the Ripley's books as a kid, you'll love this museum.
THE PLACE IS AWESOME. So much fun!!! Definitely worth going if you are on Clifton Hill.  Definitely a fun place to kill time if the weather isn't as pleasant outside. Lots of interesting facts and history and very interactive. :)
It's tough to ignore the garish side of Niagara Falls. Clifton Hill is what happens when there are no restrictions placed on what goes beside a world landmark, but now that it's there, there isn't a whole lot you can do about it so you might as well enjoy it. I went to Ripley's Believe It or Not with some trepidation. It just didn't look like the kind of place I'd like and not just because it cost $12 to get in. I was pleasantly surprised because it really is place worth visiting. This cabinet of curiosities is how museums would look if the circus ran them and not PHDs. You can see a two headed goat or a model of the Empire State building made completely out of toothpicks and hundreds of other oddities that you wouldn't imagine existed but are glad that they do. When you go to Niagara Falls and find yourself tired of the rushing water I would recommend going to Ripley's, the price is a bit steep but you definitely get your moneys' worth and it will enrich your experience at the falls. Like the review?  Check out the link to my blog on my profile.
Really fun way to waste some time while vacationing in Niagara Falls (especially if the weather isn't so nice).  LOTS of fun facts, interactive displays, this place is PACKED.  You can easily spend an hour or so here, fun for all ages and types.  I personally really enjoyed the taxidermy, artifacts, well basically everything in the place.  Gave something for me and the "in-laws" something to do, and discuss later.  Must see!
Cool place for all ages. Clean, not to long, and a great variety of interesting items to look at.
Probably the best thing in Clifton Hill! Lots to see and lots to learn! Very touristy!
I know this museum is small, but they did a great job. My husband and I were weary at first, because it was just a whole bunch of stuff behind glass, but when we started reading the exhibits we were so interested! We had a great time.  I have never been to one of the Ripley's museums before, so I don't know how it stacked up against the others, but it's a great entertaining place. The cost to get in is so expensive. To me it's highway robbery. Hunt down a coupon, we did not have one!
I have frequented a few of these museums in the US and have to say, this one is the best one and best placed location than I ever have seen aside form Orlando. This location is on busy Clifton Hill in Niagara Falls filled with honky tonk heaven wax museums and arcades and IMAX theatres etc. If you visit here in the summer, forget it, since this area is probably jammed packed. In the winter it was a treat, and it sits in the middle of the hill. The outside is a turned over building of the empire state building with King Kong climbing up it. Upstairs from the place is the famous Rumors nightclub. The inside of this place is a twisting maze of facts and dispalys and exhibits and even some related to Niagara Falls with stunts and movies. It is really awesome stuff and something to see for the whole family. There is a lot to read so leave yourself extra time. Bring a camera because there are spots to take pictures as well. This is a must visit well in this touristy area!!
