Weinkeller is literally the BEST restaurant meal that I have EVER had.  I'm not even exaggerating.  Best ever.  My boyfriend feels exactly the same way and we have both dined out at many wonderful dining establishments, so this is really saying a lot. From start to finish, our experience was impeccable.  The food was perfect and ambrosial, they have wonderful specials, the atmosphere is dimly-lit and romantic, and the service is friendly, helpful, and efficient.  In short, Weinkeller is a true gem in the Niagara Falls area.  It's the perfect place to visit if you really don't want to be stuck in the tourist trap area near the hotels.  Do yourself a favor and walk just 2 blocks away from the touristy area to this oasis.  We visited during Labor Day weekend (during our Niagara Falls trip) and we were able to make a reservation and get seated right away at 9:30pm with just a half hour's notice. We got the "Get 5 for $55" deal.  For $55 per person, we each got a 5-course meal, complete with several appetizers, an entree that was out-of-this-world-amazing, and some delicious wine that went perfectly with our food.  Everything was perfect about our meal.  And when I say everything, I mean absolutely everything. The food we ordered: -Smoked salmon bisque (this was a delicious concoction of creme fraiche and fried capers and was so smooth to the taste). -Truffled goats cheese (Roasted garlic cloves, oven dried cherry tomatoes, and rosemary honey truffle oil).  I don't even like goat cheese and this was AMAZING.  I can still taste that ambrosial taste in my mouth... -Caesar salad (Maple bacon crisps, parmesan curls, garlic tuiles & house-crafted dressing).  I'd never had bacon in caesar salad before and it was a perfect blend of flavors and so many of my favorite things. -Tuna tatakay (Sweet & Spicy, dusted and seared, with a citrus salad & mild wasabi creme fraiche).  Wowowow.  I LOVE seared tuna and this was such a creative way to present it! -And for our entrees, my bf and I both ordered the FILET MIGNON WRAPPED IN BACON.  So perfect.  Words cannot do this dish justice.  I was in absolute heaven through every single bite. -We also both ordered red wine; more specifically, it was merlot.  The 5-course meal included wine as a course.  Simply amazing.  Our wine paired perfectly with our entree and our appetizers. Never before have I had such an impeccable dining experience.  It's like a diamond in the rough.  I cannot imagine having a meal this good again for a while to come.  I will definitely visit Weinkeller again when I'm in the Niagara Falls area in the future.  It's no wonder at all that it got 5 stars overall on Yelp.  In my opinion, even 50 stars would not be enough for this gem of a restaurant.
We came here for an upscale dinner while staying in Niagara for the night. In an area where TGI Fridays and Margaritaville are to go-tos, this restaurant was a breath of fresh air. The ambiance is nice, low lit, and relaxing. We were waited upon immediately, with our waiter explaining us how the 3 and 5 course prix fixe meals worked. Basically, you get 5 things, whichever way you want them. 2 appetizers, 2 wines, a soup and an appetizer, 2 desserts - whatever your fancy. We started off on the 5 course route, but after an appetizer and the main meal, I barely had room for dessert. (We were going the 2 glasses of wine, 1 appetizer, 1 main course, 1 dessert route). My husband and I each ordered wine - he had a cab and I had some riesling. Both were great and we were delighted to here it was their own wine on tap. I started with the fried goat cheese, which is probably the best piece of food I've ever eaten. Perfectly fried, gooey, and amazing. When ordering, I had agreed to go halfsies on the appetizers with my husband, who ordered the chicken pot parcels, which were good and had a kick of spice, but in no way came close to the fried goat cheese. I was sad to have given up half of it, so I can totally understand how some people order 2 fried goat cheeses in the meal. No kidding, it's THAT good. For the main meal, I ordered chicken with a mushroom sauce and mu husband had the special - steak with a coffee rub. We again went halfsies, but this time, my husband's dish won. The steak was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was perfect. One knock was that our waiter didn't tell us the steak special wasn't part of the standard prix fixe menu, so there was an upcharge for it on our bill. We probably would have still ordered it, but we would have preferred to know about the upcharge beforehand. For dessert, I ordered a lemon tart and my husband had the creme brulee. Unfortunately, this was the low point of my meal. I didn't have any of the creme brulee, so I can't speak to that, but my lemon tart was not good. It was so tart that it was just about inedible to me. The one bite of the filling I took actually hurt my throat a bit. Definitely not for me. The other reason I knocked off a star was the service. As the evening went on, our server became much harder to locate and he didn't check on us very often at all. I understand he had more tables, but service really fell off. However, the good definitely outweighed the bad to me and I would certainly recommend this place.
My wife and I visited Niagara Falls over the weekend and I was so stoked about checking this place out. Checked Yelp for the business hours, and we were parked in the lot by 4pm on Sunday (after paying the flat rate of $7, mind you. Now this is a pretty good deal to park for the day, but not a good deal if you're already shelling out $20 a day at your hotel and drive to dinner just to pay more money to park during your meal). Anyway, whatever...we were there, and ready to get our eat on. Checked the door, and noticed the hours posted listed 5pm as opening time. Mmmk no big deal...we walked around and came back at 5 and the fricking door was still locked. Checked the website and couldn't find any hours posted. We waited till 5:15 and left. If you can't get the hours right on your own door, I can't imagine being able to get the food right. We walked back to the car around 6:30 or 7pm after getting dinner at Antica and riding the Sky Wheel, and it was open. Dead to me.
Just off the main strip, and sharing a building with a haunted house-type attraction,  there's nothing to draw you into Weinkeller off the street.  Step in and down, though (it's a half-underground basement room), and wow, magic.  The heavy, exposed ceiling beams and huge fireplace give this a cozy Bavarian vibe that's both cool enough for friends night out on town, or comfortably intimate and romantic. The wine list is pretty brief, but it is interestingly filled with local and house-crafted wines that were quite good and paired with the food nicely. And oh, the food. You have an option between a 3 or 5 course dinner, and we both opted for the 5 (a shockingly reasonably priced $55 Canadian). Every course that we had was good, but my appetizer, a fried goat cheese croquette drizzled with herbed honey, was easily one of the best things I've ever eaten.  both the owner and our waiter were fun and enthusiastic, knew the menu backwards and forwards, and were comfortable giving wine recommendations, and were not shy about handing out tasters for the wine so that we could make our final decisions.  It was a fantastic meal, and it's easy to figure out why this is the number one rated spot in Niagara Falls.
The food, the service, the ambience, and of course the wine, are all outstanding!  I'm still in disbelief that a fine restaurant like this exists in Niagara. At Weinkeller, you set the pace for your evening.  It can be lively, but also relaxed and moody.  To enter, you walk down a few steps, and the inside is dimly lit and almost cave-like.  The paintings on the wall, the fireplace and the mahogany bar breathe warmth and class. We originally stopped in for a glass of wine.  I love that Weinkeller serves their own wine, on tap, and also serves wine from wineries that "give back" or do something good.  Weinkeller's Riesling is very good, and so is the Cabernet Sauvignon - this coming from a white wine fan! The bartenders also make phenomenal cocktails.  I love St. Germain and light, refreshing cocktails.  Based on that alone, she mixed up a heavenly cocktail for only $5. Our bartender was friendly, polite, and engaging.  She easily talked us and another couple into coming back for dinner.  The manager or owner we met was very enthusiastic about Weinkeller and emphasized that, even though its appearance may reflect fine dining, casual tourists coming from the waterpark and casinos are welcome as well.  If this restaurant were in Chicago, I would not have been as comfortable walking in wearing a t-shirt and shorts! We came back around 9:00 p.m. for dinner.  This was my first rodeo with prix-fixe menus, and Weinkeller does a great job.  I really liked that they offer a 3-course OR a 5-course meal.  You can even order a glass of wine as a course.  Or, if you don't like the soup or salad options, you can order two appetizers.  Aside from an extra entree, it's totally up to you to mix and match your meal.  I cannot emphasize enough how much I LOVE this concept.  The 5-course meal was $55/person and worth every stinkin' penny! Here were my selections: First course:  Watermelon Salad.  It was served with a green onion dressing, but this salad was light, refreshing, perfect summer and not at all overbearing with the onion flavor. Second Course:  Fried Goat Cheese.  This was SO GOOD.  I wanted to be nice and share, but I ate all except one bite of this.  The honey and greens on the plate complemented the flavor and texture of the cheese. Third Course:  ANOTHER fried goat cheese.  I'm on vacation, dammit!  The chef came out and chatted with us while we ate, and I proudly and shamelessly announced that I'd ordered a second goat cheese. Fourth Course: 8 oz. steak with Bearnaise sauce (served with a side of truffle fries and veggies).  The steak was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was to die for.  I could've eaten a pound of those truffle fries too. Fifth Course:  That glass of Cab Sauv! Even though Weinkeller is near the tourist attractions, this place is a sanctuary away from the hustle and bustle.  I almost forgot where I was!  We left happy and stuffed, it was the perfect way to say goodbye to Niagara!
Host/ owner named Chris is extremely rude.   If you make a reservation expect to be seated late and don't ask if your table is ready more than once!
$55 is a great deal. We had salad the entrée and dessert with 2 home made wines. All excellent! !! Would definitely recommend to anyone. Would come back too. Thank you lions head b n b for the recommendation. Host and servers were excellent.
I echo the other review in a town full of franchise options this restaurant is a unique choice, The house wine selection is great. Also the food and service was equally great. Do the five course prefix meal and use some of your courses for glasses of wine. Trevor our server was also a great resource for local information.
Completely enjoyed the entire experience! The food, the atmosphere, was all exceptional!!
I don't normally review restaurants (or anything for that matter) but Weinkeller is so deserving of adulation. My girlfriend and I stopped by for dinner on our first trip to Niagara and my first trip to Canada, and every bit of the experience was superb. The food, the wine, the decor/atmosphere, and especially the staff were all top notch. Kudos and thanks to Chris the owner for being so welcoming, for creating such a perfect dining spot, and for giving us something to rave about beyond just the Falls!
Phenomenal, just phenomenal. I did the five course meal and it was timed perfectly and eloquently delicious.  Best meal I've had in a long time.
Great food and great service.  I loved how you could order wine as one of the courses in the pick five!  Can't wait to go again!
Easily the best meal I've ever had in my life. But be prepared to drop over $100 for two at the very very least. Well worth it tho! Don't let the odd winery decor throw you tho. Our server was good and knew his stuff. The food was mind blowing! My salad was amazing, my tuna was perfect and my steak so tender and juicy you could cut it with your fork. Highly highly recommend if you are looking for an amazing meal.
The food here are just excellent.  They have fixe prix menu for either a 3-course or 5-course dinner.  I love this type of menu.  The 3-course is just right for us, who are not big eaters.  The 5-course dinner is just $10 more, and you get two more items: an extra appetizer, an extra dessert, or a glass of wine (for example).  The server is very friendly and will certainly help you out with the choices. The food here was just excellent (I am repeating myself here).  I had roast chicken with mushroom vermouth sauce.  It was tender and moist with a bit of crispy skin.  It is just the best chicken I have had for a long time.  My wife had the filet mignon, and it too was great. For dessert I had the crème brulee.  It was good but nothing too special.  But the lemon tart/pie that my wife had was out of this world good. We went on a Sunday evening and the place was 75% full.  The lighting here was a bit dim, but definitely not too dark.  It is actually quite comfortable on the eyes. The noise level is moderate.  The owner came around each table to have a friendly chat, which is nice.  Overall we had a great meal and a great time.
My husband requested a trip to Niagara Falls for his 30th birthday. I knew that it would be a tourist trap; full of neon lights, wax figures and chain restaurants. I hit Yelp to find the best food we could eat in tourist hell. We were in town for 2 nights so we made reservations at AG and Weinkeller. What a great atmosphere - you walk in and forget that you have just walked through a nightmare tourist trap. The staff were amazingly friendly and when I said I had a reservation they knew my first name. We did the 5 course meal - so you get a soup/salad, appetizer, entre and 2 glasses of wine for $55. We had their house made cab sauv which we would have bought if they could bottle it. The bisque was a little too citrus-y for me, but the rest of the meal - from the mussles, to the goat cheese, to the steak special to the vegetarian linguine was absolutely amazing. Highly recommended!
Excellent! What a great place! The setting is so so but once inside everything is great from the seemingly genuine welcome, awesome staff and really tasty food. Things looked good  from the start as, because we arrived very early, we had a glass of wine out front and everyone who came out told us what a treat was in store for us! We went for the 5 course @ CAD55 which was actually three courses plus two glasses of house wine. Actually four courses as we had signed up to the restaurant's 'preferred' programme which gives free desert with a voucher. I ate salad, an appetiser, in my case really tasty goats cheese with roasted garlic, then a succulent, perfectly cooked, pork chop. Desert was unctuous. I can't remember what my wife and teenage kids ate but they were equally impressed with my son saying "I've never written a restaurant review, but I'm going to tell everyone what great food this place serves!" If I have a criticism it is only a small one and maybe because I'm English but I found the red wine served a little cold for me, with a little hand warming it tasted more full bodied. At time of writing Weinkeller has only been going for 11 months but the place was full. I wish this restaurant every success for many years to come as they certainly seem to know how to keep customers happy!
Took a group from the office, everyone raved about the food, my steak was perfectly cooked and delicious.  The wine was very good and the service fun  & friendly,  I'll be back if I'm ever in Niagara Falls again
Good food and great services
We were searching for anything not a chain, and this place came up on my iPhone. I saw they made their own wine so we were sold. It was a little scary how empty it was, but it turned out we were early birds and it picked up as we were leaving. Aside from the oversell from our "earnest" waiter, the experience was great. The roasted tomato soup was amazing. I loved the presentation of the Caesar salad. We all had steaks which, when we finally got them, were very good. I enjoyed the wines and love the idea of them coming from the tap. The whole thing was pretty pricey but what do you expect in a tourist trap?
We found this restaurant very comfortable, dark and if there with your significant other...very romantic!! You should only go here if you have plenty of time on your hands to relax and enjoy a wonderful (not quick) culinary experience.  It took our waiter (Jordan- who ended up being fantastic) a bit too long to great the table in my opinion. It was at least 10 minutes...here in CA that wouldn't fly!!  The menu here is quite interesting..its all a pre-fix by the # of options you wish to partake in. There is a 3 choice and a 5 choice option. Options include soup, salad, appetizer, entree, dessert and even your glass of wine! The price difference is only $10 bucks...so always go for the 5 choice ($55 STEAL). We tried the smoke salmon soup and the Carrot/Ginger soup. The salmon soup had good flavor but could have used a bit of cream fresh to tone down the smokiness. The ginger completely over powered the carrot and it really should have been the other way around. The mouth feel and consistency of both soups were good. We also had the Cesar salad..it was good. It has a homemade dressing with need a bit more of a kick...garlic or anchovy would be my guess. The best thing we ate was the Fried Goat Cheese!!!  Delicious...served with roasted garlic, sundried tomatoes and honey. It was salty and sweet and creamy...very very good!! Our 3 entrees were all slightly over cooked, we ended up having to send the salmon back just because it was overdone. The pork chop was slightly overcooked however the sauce did make up for it. The New York Strip was very thin and in turn over cooked as well. I will say that the veggies on all 3 entrees were the same and sub par. The plates needed a bit of green and they were very dull looking...the veggies were Califlower, Corn and squash.  We finished our dinner just in time to go outside to the patio and enjoy the fireworks!! Our waiter overheard talking about it being my friends birthday dinner and brought us a slice of cheesecake on the house to celebrate!! All in all..it was a pleasant experience with a happy ending!!! The restaurant is very small, so a reservation is encouraged!!
The best place that I have dinner at Niagara Falls. Very nice server, he might have been the owner. Amazing atmosphere, amazing dinner. The fried goat cheese is wonderful. I had the pork with the maple syrup and it was really good. Love this place, highly recommended.
We were visiting from Philadelphia and wanted something close by our hotel (Sheraton On The falls) that wasn't TOO "touristy". This place fit the bill. They make their own wine in house and serve it on tap, which Is awesome but what made it even better is when it turned out to be quite good! Decor was nice and the staff was great. I believe it was the owner (tall bald guy) that sat us and checked on is throughout our meal which made the experience very personal. The food was good. Certain items could have been better but overall we were pleased. In the land of tourist-traps and fluffed-up hotel restaurants it's probably some of the best around. 5 stars if the entrees were just a bit better.
Great selection and amazing tastes... I felt like I was the food network as each bite of food went so well together. Well worth it. The 5 course option makes for an amazing an romantic night out.
Absolutely wonderful experience. The owners and staff are fantastic. The entire staff works together.  Everyone checked on is, including the chef coming out of the kitchen. The food was delicious and their wine paired well with it. Every entree can be prepared three or four different ways. We both did the 5 course meal and substituted two glasses of wine for two of the courses. Mostly locally sourced food. Do you self a favor and skip the chain restaurant and come here.
mother of god, its a Friday night at 730 and its a sin this place isn't packed.  meanwhile every chain restaurant seems to have its fill.  this was one of the best meals I've had in a while, and at a VERY reasonable cost.   my suggestion: cab franc wine fried goat cheese watermelon salad dessert... you'll leave happy, I guarantee it.
My husband and I elected to travel to Niagara, our first time, for our first anniversary trip. Reading previous reviews for Weinkeller actually solidified our choice because we knew that, at the very least, we would have an exceptional meal while there. Weinkeller did not disappoint. From the moment we walked in the door, we were treated with exceptional service and kindness. The owner came to our table to explain the menu and restaurant to us and chatted a bit - he stopped by our table a few times throughout the evening. Our server was also very attentive and personable. Every member of the staff we encountered while there was courteous and friendly. My husband and I both opted for the five course meal, with with his choices being the goat cheese, caesar salad, salmon, cheesecake, and a glass of wine as his 5th choice. I went with the caesar salad, filet special (bacon wrapped with an espresso rub and truffle fries), creme brûlée, and two glasses of wine. Everything we had was absolutely delicious, and my main course, the filet with truffle fries, was one of the best steaks I have ever had, if not the best. The truffle fries were incredible, and the mixture of bacon with the espresso rub on the the filet was somehow, everything - just perfection. We both are wine drinkers and were impressed by their house made wines, especially in that they were on tap. They were very good. I honestly cannot say enough about this restaurant. It was simply perfection, from the lovely service to the insanely yummy food and the wonderful atmosphere. When leaving, we both agreed that we would travel back to the falls again just to enjoy the food at Weinkeller. Next time, we plan on bringing some extra travelers with us so they can enjoy a fantastic meal as well. This place is a must go and certainly should not be missed. We highly recommend it for an amazing night out!
You need to eat here. It's amazing. Besides, the alternatives are Ruby Tuesdays or Margaritaville. I researched places to eat on Yelp for our trip to Niagara Falls, ON, and found very little inspiration. This place was consistently ranked excellent, and for good reason. The menu is pretty much either a five-course or a three-course prix fixe menu. I think you could order items individually, but why would you want to when the prix fixe is reasonably priced. And they let you substitute glasses of wine for the courses. The Hubs and I both had the five-course option. I got roasted tomato gazpacho (soup of the day) and the hubs had a spring salad as a starter course. We both opted for wine as our "second course". I'll get to the wine in a moment. The roasted gazpacho was amazing, and I'm usually not a huge gazpacho fan. It usually seems too acidic or tangy for me, but this was smooth and mellow--I presume because the tomatoes were roasted. The spring salad sounds kinda lame, but let me tell you it was a sleeper on the menu. It was some fresh field greens with fried pieces of pork belly and a balsamic glaze over them. The restaurant boasts itself as sourcing local ingredients, and everything in the starter course certainly tasted nice and fresh. For appetizers, I ordered the fried goat cheese, and the Hubs had oysters four ways. You need to get the goat cheese. Trust me. Mind blown. I've had fried goat cheese before at other places, but this was just crispy and perfect on the outside, and had this rosemary honey drizzle over it. I need to figure out how they made the rosemary drizzle because I want to put it on everything. It was probably the most memorable thing about the whole meal. The Hubs said the oysters were pretty good (he let me try one, they were), but not "knock your socks off" amazing. I've had better in both NYC and the Pacific Northwest, which makes me wonder if it was the variety of oyster that was just okay. They were local oysters. For the main course, we both ordered the nightly special, which was a filet rolled in espresso grounds then wrapped in bacon. Fliet wrapped in bacon is kinda cliche. I mean, you can buy it at the podunk grocery store I shop at. But this was special. First off, I'll bet it was fresh hand cut bacon, because it wasnot uniformly thick and seemed like more meat to fat ratio that what you typically buy at the grocery store. And that steak... wow. It was so tender. Like buttah, baby. The espresso grounds were a nice counterpoint of bitter to the richness of the meat and complimented it perfectly. You really didn't taste coffee, per se, just a nice bitterness in the background. We got the steaks with parmesean truffle fries. The fries were good, but not great. Mine weren't crispy, and I couldn't detect much of the truffle oil flavor. The Hubs said he could though, so maybe his plate got more than mine. They were still nice handcut fries with the skins on (comparable to Steak Escape in quality and texture--and they make some damn good fries). The Hubs got another glass of wine in lieu of a dessert, and I got the cheesecake for us to share. It was topped with a maple marmalade glaze. The citrus was definitely prominent. I didn't get much of the maple, but it was still very good cheesecake. I would bet it was also made in house. The place is known for their wine. And here's the funny thing. It's on tap. The make it in house, about three kinds of each red and white. We had all three of the reds, and I was surprised how good they were considering they were on tap. We cannot figure out how they do it, as don't you need air to push beer, for example, through taps? I've never worked at a bar, my knowledge here is limited to keg parties... Anyway, I can't imagine the wine would be any good with all that air mixed in it. Surely that's not how this works. The wine is pretty good. Not the most amazing stuff I've ever had, but better than boxed wine. It's worth trying. The owner (I think, anyway) came over to our table shortly after we were seated and introduced himself. The Hubs mentioned it was our anniversary when he called to make the reservation, and the owner wished us a happy anniversary and chatted us up a bit. He is very personable, and it shows how passionate he is out the place and the food he is serving to customers. It was a great dinner. I think we spent about $165 for the two of us. We each had the prix fixe, and didn't have any additional drinks (besides what we got in place of our courses). They do have complimentary purified water available--a step up from your ordinary tap water. I think the prix fixe was around $69 each, but taxes in Niagara Falls are crazy. Dinner was totally worth it in my book, though.
My boyfriend and I just dined at Weinkellar with his parents. You can order from the price fixed menu or seperately from the a la carte menu.  We met the executive chef Rob Forrestor and tried their own wine.  I enjoyed the Pinot Blanc but not such a fan of the Cab Sauv. The nice part to the 5 course dinner  $55 (you can do 3 courses for $45 as well) is that you could substitute a glass of wine as a course. So I ended up getting the compressed watermelon kale salad with pine nuts, the goats cheese with garlic, and the porkloin and veggies plus two glasses of the Weinkeller Pinot Blanc. A great deal for $55! Kudos to the executive chef Rob Forrester who visited our table at the end of our dinner. We'll definately be back!
This is the restaurant to go to in Niagara Falls, above all others. We wanted an experience that was unlike all the other tourist traps and I could not have asked for anything better. The five course dinner is absolutely worth it, especially since you can substitute wine for a meal if you're feeling full. The salmon bisque soup is to die for, as is their NY steak. And get the fried goat cheese as an appetizer! No matter what you get, you will not be disappointed. Above all, the wait staff is more than accommodating and friendly and knowledgeable. They made the experience what it is, giving honest recommendations and lots of love! I had to hug our "waiter" --who we found out was one of the owners-- at the end of the night. He was so wonderful as a server, but even more so, just a great overall person. Go to this restaurant! It's way better than any tourist joint, with a true authentic vibe and lots of good karma. An absolute must.
"You MUST go here" is the simplest way to put it. In an attempt to avoid dining at a hotel restaurant I turned to Yelp for my first time visit to Niagara Falls. I was looking for a memorable dining experience, made reservations online, and that is exactly what we got. Wine: - Chardonnay (I think.... it had fruity flavours) - Cab Sauve Starters: - chicken parsels (mom) ...yummy! Generous portion, too. - harvest salad (me)... fresh, light, wanted to save room for all of my courses :) - beef carpaccio (husband) ... he was living a little and was glad he did!) Entrées: - pork with apple (mom) w/potato & butternut squash croquette ... she was extremely pleased with her dish, it was well seasoned and a nice cut. My fave on that dish was the croquette. - grilled salmon with waiter's suggestion of using sauce from poached option w/rice & quinoa (me) - daily special: filet minon double wrapped in bacon, rolled in espresso grounds, cooked med. rare w/truffle oil drizzled fries (him) ... This was the best piece of steak we have ever had. I'm lucky he was so appreciative of me finding the place, he shared 2 bites with me!! Desserts: - creme brulee w/almond biscotti (me) - vanilla ice cream topped with espresso (him) ... both were absolutely delightful and made with love. Total dining time: 2.5 hours... and worth every. single. minute. Like other Yelpers, we also received a warm welcome from the owners and l was guided out by our waiter but only after we each gave him a hug. My first impression of Weinkeller reminded me of a couple old English pubs I went to recently in the UK. The ambiance is warm, cozy,  can be romantic or just a special dining retreat. I would definitely drive 4.5 hrs to experience this again. I really hope they stay true to their honest ways as their business matures so that we can enjoy it again down the road!
If you have come to Niagara falls and you are sick and tired of the thousand of vouchers you receive from your hotel and just overall tired of having places feel way too touristy for you then please oh dear lord please visit Weinkeller. I have been eating all kinds of food (way too much) for 21 years now and of course each eating experience has its good and bad memories. But this one, is extremely special to me. Weinkeller is something pretty unfounded, especially within the area. It's easy to brush off when you see it. But as soon as you walk in, you're almost saved by the magical ambiance. I highly suggest to make a reservation to insure a table. As soon as you walk in the care that you receive from the staff is reminiscent of being in someone's home treated as a guest. Extremely friendly people, and very knowledgeable of each special plate on the menu. Any question you have will be answered with care. The food, which I cannot even begin to explain to you, is peaceful. With every bite comes a unique twist of sophisticated flavor. Each week, or other week, is a new selection of dishes handpicked by the head chef. My girlfriend ordered pork with a maple mustard glaze and I ordered the linguine with clams. I am not and will not do these dishes justice, but what I can tell you is that you will not be disappointed. The serving staff is quite caring in hearing the reception of the quality of food and are not afraid to crack a few jokes here and there. The chef himself came out and he went to each and every table having a dialogue about each dish ordered, an incredibly skilled and intelligent food magician that loves to hear the feedback of his masterpieces. The wine you must have. On tap initially doesn't sound quite favorable, but such beautifully crafted when it hits your mouth, I do regret not having another glass! Overall, this is a mandatory visit if you're looking for an honest, sincere establishment and are willing to surrender yourself to the care of the staff at the Weinkeller. Very romantic setting and impeccable food. Make a stop PLEASE, if not to try to prove me wrong!
Loved this place!  Fabulous food and great prixe fix concept.  Felt welcome from the moment we walked in the door.  We were a party of six and the only item there was an issue with was my pork chop which was just a little too well done. (blacked with apple cider reduction)  Chef came out to the table too, nice touch. Sorry it is all the way in Canada & I am in NJ.  Would love to go back....
My wife and I stumbled upon this place after surviving the terrible haunted house next door (seriously, it's the worst I've ever been to). Having dinner here made everything better - it was an absolutely WONDERFUL experience. Our server Marty really went out of his way to make us feel welcomed and point out all of the unique things that make the restaurant so special, like the ornately carved wooden beams lining the ceiling, the eco-conscious lighting, and the cedar that was reclaimed from local businesses and landmarks. He even went so far as to give us a tour of the restaurant, showing us the wine-making area. The food was excellent. I had steak with their "Weinkeller" sauce, and my wife had fish in a method that Marty recommended that was off-menu - which she loved. Later in the meal, Chris, the General Manager, stopped by to chat and share some personal stories. We had such a wonderful time speaking with both him and Marty. This was one of the better experiences we've had dining out, and we sincerely cannot wait for our next visit to Weinkeller.
From the moment you walk in the door you are met the one of the best dining experiences you will ever have!!  The staff and management are friendly, knowledgable, and enthusiastic. The wine selection,on tap no less, is broad and flavorful. The menu is focused, fresh, and melts in the mouth.  Fish, fowl, beef, or the creamy fried goat cheese, a diner cannot go wrong!
What a great place.  I chose this place based on Yelp  reviews and I was not disappointed.   Incredible 5 course meal options with great wine.   I had a wonderful Caesar salad, fresh oysters from British Columbia and the steak.  I had the Cabernet Sauve wine! The restaurant is decorated wonderfully and the staff are friendly and accommodating.  They take pride in their food and drink.  We will definitely be back one more time before leaving the area,
We went here while on an anniversary trip to Niagara Falls and made a reservation at weinkeller based on the reviews on help. We were not disappointed! First of all from the moment you walk into the restaurant the owners and staff come and greet you and tell you all about the restaurant and they philosophy. They make everything there, including the wine which is on tap and delicious! Seriously we went to wineries all day and this was the best wine I had all day! Next came our salads, we had the peach and raspberry salad and my husband had the tuna and both were delicious. We shared the salmon and vegetarian linguine and again both were so good! We also had dessert and tea which were all homemade, even the tea! The food was wonderful but I have to say the service was even better! Our server, Marco, was great and all the other staff were very attentive too! We highly recommend this restaurant for a romantic night out!
Excellent service, very passionate staff. Wine that's made in-house was exceptional. Great food, well beyond very lofty expectations!
You must eat here if your looking for something unique and local. Stayed in Niagara Falls for a night and my wife and I decided on this place for dinner because of the rarving reviews. The food was delicious, the decor was nicely done and the owner makes you feel right at home when we were greeted at the door. Smoked Salmon Bisque - Excellent Cesar Salad - Salad was refreshing Fried Goat Cheese - Sinnfully Ridiculous, I fell in love with this dish. Pacific Salmon - Grilled on a cedar plank/ Fish was good Cheesecake - Quite good Their self-made wine was quite also quite good for it being "on tap". Our server Kelcey was also very good - She was very attentive and nice to chat with. The food is a bit pricey but I agree with everyone else, if you want good food you have to pay for good food.
Definitely my favorite restaurant in the Niagara Falls area. Even though our waiter was awkward and looked like he was new (though he wasn't!), my hubby and I just laughed about it. Our meal was amazing- the friend goat cheese is a def must-try. The salmon bisque and pot pie bites were awesome too. For dinner I had the fettuccine with pesto, goat cheese and arugula and shrimp- amazing. My hub got the salmon cooked on the bark- he said it was good just a bit dry. The chef even came out at one point and walked around to everyone to ask about their food-love that!
A really nice place - definitely the best we went to in Niagara.  Super friendly people, and a really intelligent and creative menu.  I live on "restaurant row" in Brooklyn so am used to quite a high standard and this was definitely there. A couple of points of constructive criticism.  The decor needs a few extra touches - perhaps an upgrade on the tables and chairs, ditching the neon open side outside which looks more downmarket than the food.  But it's perfectly nice in there - could just look a bit more special in line with the food. And the food is indeed good.  The fried goats cheese was excellent and stood out.  The salads were great, and the mini chicken pies interesting and fun.  The oysters 4 ways dish didn't work - I get the idea, but if you're looking for a canvas with this sort of dish you need something more substantial than the very small and light oysters used - it basically came out as four shells of garnish with a light topping of oyster that had got turned upside down.  Mains were good - nicely presented, well cooked.  They also do their own wines and they were excellent. Overall would definitely go back.  This place would survive in the hyper-competitive Brooklyn 5th avenue restaurant scene, and given the touristy rubbish being served around Niagara that's pretty good.
Visiting Niagara Falls and staying at the Marriott Fallsview, not located right near Weinkeller's but my husband and I have been trying since we got to Niagara Falls to stay away from the tourists area and to go to authentic Canadian restaurants. We searched Yelp for restaurants to go to but eventually found Weinkeller's through Tripadvisor... only then could we search it on Yelp and then find it.. Don't know why, so.... Weinkeller's... we had: Appetizers-  Beef Carpaccio with panzanella salad= delicious                        Fried goat cheese w/ watercress, dried tomatoes and truffle-honey =well the fried goat cheese was so amazing and the honey truffle oil was the best I have ever tasted, ever!                       Mozzarella with tomato and arugula= delicious and the mozzarella was outstanding! Main dishes- Pacific Wild Salmon with peach hollandaise sauce - Salmon was steamed to perfection and the peach hollandaise sauce was amazing!  Just amazing! I may have to go back there for dinner tonight and have it again!                        Blackened Apple Cider Pork Loin Chop, the Loin Chop was grilled to perfection with a wonderful apple cider sauce and a sweet potato cake that was crispy, sweet and delicious. Desserts- We shared the Cranberry infused creme brulee, it was crispy, crunchy topped with cranberry rolled in sugar and warm inside, it is so tasty and wonderful and it came paired with fresh baked pumpkin cranberry biscotti, it was so unbelievably delicious, crispy and tasty! Weinkeller is the fist restaurant in Canada to be allowed to produce and sell their own house selection of wines crafted in their building and then pour it 's right from their taps (as explained from their very excited and very personable owner).  We had their home made Merlot wine (wein) and it was incredible and ssssmooth as silk.  I do not drink wine but after sampling this wine, I could become a wine drinker! So, The atmosphere is wonderful and there is a wine cellar in the back, fire place, and you will be greeted at the door by the owner. My husband still cannot get over that they have paper napkins and paper menu, but I guess they don't need clothe, everything is amazing.  If you are anywhere near Niagara, you must stop in at Weinkeller's and have a 5 star experience!
My husband and I stumbled across Weinkeller on our way from our hotel to the touristy area of town, and walking in was the best choice of our trip.  It was their first weekend open, but you'd have never known it based on how smooth everything ran. The food was amazing, the house-made wine delicious, and the service quick, professional, and helpful.  The owner, Chris, made our dinner that much better, telling us all about the history of the restaurant and even giving us the grand tour.  He and the rest of the staff are clearly passionate about what they do: it shows. We had a three course meal for $35 (an amazing deal for the quality and quantity of food).  Highlights were the fried goat cheese app (I need this recipe.... Sooooo good), the berry peach salad, and the wild salmon with peach hollandaise (my husband hasn't stopped talking about that salmon). Right now this place is a hidden gem, but I bet it won't be hidden for long.  If you're in the area, stop in.  You won't regret it.
Wow. One of the greatest meals I have ever had. Honestly, if you are within 100 miles of here drop what you are doing and go. Every course got better and better. The five course dinner is an amazing deal and absolutely worth it. You get to sample so much of this places incredible cuisine and adding one of their house wines completed the meal perfectly. The fried goat cheese is a must, as is the pork chop. The watermelon salad is a seasonal item and had me licking the plate clean, if you get the chance definitely order it. This meal will not disappoint, after eating there tonight I honestly may have to go back again tomorrow: it was that fantastic.
Very Awesome atmosphere and food!!!  The staff is very friendly and willing to help with all the travelers. Diffidently coming back with friends!!!!!
This place is a must try. The food is excellent. My steak was cooked to perfection and the Cabernet Sauvignon was crisp, medium dry with some sweet notes. My husband had the linguine and boy they were to die for.  The Weinkeller produces their own wine! The owner was very welcoming upon our arrival. The place is a bit pricey but definitely worth it! We really wanted to try the  fried goat cheese but since they fry their goat cheese in the same oil they fry their shrimp we couldn't have it. The dessert we had was out of this world decadent. We had the apple cheesecake and the creme brûlée. We ordered everything a la carte and the total was $106 for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, 3 drinks and 2 desserts. Just take the we go bus blue line and get off Victoria ave.
Fine dining in an amazingly warm setting. I had very high expectations after reading all the reviews and was not disappointed. Fried goat cheese, warm winter salad, my hubby had steak, I had clams casino....superb. Dessert? Hmmm..let's see..chocolate dumplings with gooseberry sauce, um YES! and their wine was a great compliment to our meal. Thanks for the suggestion Jordan! Every plate was executed so well. Perfectly balanced bites.  Chris, Jordan, Chefs...you made us feel like long lost friends. I just cannot say enough how wonderful our experience was, how much we loved the dishes you prepared. Wishing you much more success in the future!
Visited Niagara a couple of weeks ago. Had another tourist recommend this Restraunt. It was FABULOUS !! Food excellent, atmosphere excellent and service - better than excellent. From being greeted by the owner, to our waiter Jordan to meeting the chief it was a Five Star evening. This is a place the owner takes great pride in that serves great good at a very reasonable price. Go there !! PS - my wife and I are real tourist and this us a real review.
I have to say i never thought this place would be so incredible. Paper menus, paper napkins and my portion looked small. Boy was I wrong beef carpaccio, fried goat cheese, mozzarella with arugula and tomatoes, salmon with pear hollandaise sauce, and a pork chop with a sweet potato cake. creme brûlée and homemade wine. Plenty of food and it was unreal do yourself a favor do not pass this restaurant up while visiting the falls. Loved it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My husband and I visited Weinkeller on our last evening in Niagara in April. We did make a reservation through their website, but the host (who ended up being our server, too) couldn't find it. It was not an issue, thankfully, and she offered us a seat right by the fireplace, which was very cozy. She offered us complimentary still or sparkling bottled water, which was a classy touch, and explained that she was a new staff member and how long the restaurant had been open. We got some guidance from her about the menu, then made our selections. We ordered the goat cheese as an appetizer, and it was the BEST--warm, with a slight crust, drizzled with a savory honey. I could have eaten 10 of them! Next, our main courses came (pork chop and steak), and both were delicious and prepared as ordered. We picked the creme brulee for dessert, and the custard was great, but the sugar top tasted a tad too burnt for my taste. During our meal, the owner/manager came by twice and made friendly conversation. I also saw him walking out guests whenever he was able. Overall, this was a great experience, and the food was excellent. The only reason it was not a 5 was our server brought us a 9oz pour of the wine my husband ordered, mentioning that she put it in as a 7oz; however, she still charged us for the larger glass, even though it was their error. *NOTE* The menu prices are not USD, so keep that in mind if you need to do some conversion to avoid any surprises; for us at the time, it ended up being less than we expected, so it was a bonus.
