The operating hours were 9:00am to 5:00pm when my boyfriend and I visited, so I suggest you check beforehand. Anyways, we found some coupons for this place and decided to go, since birds are pretty cool. We weren't really expecting much but we were really pleasantly surprised! The place is pretty huge and there are A LOT to see and experience. I would have totally gotten a year-pass if I lived anywhere close. There are birds, reptiles, fuzzy bunnies, bats and much much more to see. The big blue bird (that are pictured quite a few times on this yelp page, the one with the feathery head dress and red/black eyes) is really chill and comes up to you and will let you pet him. The gift shop had some nice merchandise and was priced quite reasonably. All in all, the Bird Kingdom was totally worth the ticket money and more!
Great place to get up close and personal with wildlife! Fantastic place to share with the whole family. The only downside, is their requirement that you can only take a picture with one of their birds by their staff so they can charge you an arm and a leg for it. Personally, don't think it's worthwhile!
i love this place. it's so pretty. it's a wonderful walk through! Being interactive feeding the birds was the coolest part! i'd recommend to everyone especially animal lovers and families.
I got a 2 for 1 deal for Bird Kingdom so decided to check it out. I'm not a huge fan of birds but this place was amazing. The birds in the main aviary are fascinating. As a fan of old movies, I would always hear the sound of a kookaburra bird. Now I know what it looks like. It was fascinating watching it enjoy it's mouse lunch. He really put on a show. The birds are not timid. They will get close to you. This place is definitely worth a visit.
Excellent! I initially thought it was a rather odd attraction to have at Niagara Falls but after reading the reviews we decided to go. Glad we did. It has an amazing collection of birds. I tend to skip such things because I feel bad for caged animals but I must say that these birds seem very well taken care of. Most have large open spaces that you can walk through, right up next to them! There is also an area where you can pay $2 to feed the birds. Even if you don't want to feed them, you can still go in and interact with the birds. Overall, well worth the money & time (make sure you keep about 1.5-2 hrs to get through, more if you love birds). You can buy tickets online at a discount (I did that in the parking lot) and don't worry if you don't have a printer, staff can look it up if you provide your receipt on your smartphone.
We had a really nice trip through the "Bird Kingdom."  As a bird lover (with 6 feathered babies of my own at home) we had to check it out.   I thought that the price to get in was a little high, but over all it was great.  They had some species that I'd never seen or heard of before.  If you like birds, or even if you're more of a general "zoo" kind of frequenter, I would definitely recommend checking this place out.  The free flight aviary was awesome.  It was about 4 stories high, with a waterfall... and you get to walk through the whole thing!  That way you get to check out the habitat from several different angles.  They also had a lorikeet feeding area, and there are some places where you can talk to the keepers and have a chance to hold the birds yourself.
I had a blast here! I didn't think it'd be so interesting, but it was fun with the birds flying around and roaming freely. It's very warm and humid inside so dress accordingly. There was even a section where you could feed the birds and let them perch on your arms. You have to pay 2 Canadian dollars to feed them, but it was worth it. Before you go here, ask around for coupons. There are coupons for $2 off in tourists books. After the fact, I found out that my hotel sold tickets for half the price you'd pay at the Bird Kingdom.
Parking is $2/hr in the lot right next to the building. I am an animal loving adult without kids, so sometimes I feel odd going in to places that are geared towards families.  This was not the case here.  I could walk at my own pace and take everything in. There are places to sit in the aviary so you can take all the beauty in.  The lorikeets are a must see.  I had one on my shoulder even without the nectar. It is $10.99 plus tax for a picture of you with the lorikeets and there are various size options.   The birds are very well taken care of and one can tell how much the people at Bird Kingdom care about their charges.  Watch out for low flying birds!  It took me over an hour to enjoy everything.  It was a wonderful way to get away from the grind of everyday life.
Very nice place to visit! Right next to the Niagara river. They have a parking lot right next door, $2 for 1 hr. Already at the ticket booth, you can see 3 beauties sitting atop the branches of a tree. You follow the bird prints up the escalator to a hallway full of the history of Niagara falls. Make sure to take silly pictures by the Niagara falls barrel! Then you get to an animal encounter area. You can pet the turtle, the lizards, and hold the boa constrictor, and purchase a picture that they take of you and the snake. Hand sanitizer is right next to the stairs that lead up to where there are more bird cages. Make sure to visit BABY, that's his name, and he always says Hi to himself, or he hits on you by calling you baby. Up the escalator is the small bird aviary, and when you look out the window, you can see the moving river. After the small bird aviary, is the nocturnal exhibit. Here you can find the cutest bats!!!! Watch them feed on fruits and seeds, or the bigger bats as they flap their adorable little wings. Lost a star b/c the main bird aviary was closed. We were pretty upset about having to miss this. Tickets are usually $17, but if you purchase the tickets online, you pay only $13 per ticket! The day we went, because the main bird aviary was closed, they only charged us $5 each.
Such a disappointment!!!  Call before going to see if the remodel is complete.  They are remodeling the large bird area.  The rest is really "hokey". Saw a plaque congratulating them for being in business for 10years, however, the interior space looks like 50!  We paid $5 each, we're able to see the reptiles and "small birds", and a little museum with photos of daredevils who went over the falls in barrels and tightropes, etc.  Even the floors were horrible, loose tiles.  What a rip off!  They should have just closed until remodel could be done.  The best things we saw were several large turtles. The parking garage next door was great!!! Dark, but cheap!  $10 for all day, as compared to $18 at the big lot further down.  We walked omer to "The Secret Garden" for lunch, very pleasant,  with views of the falls from the outdoor patio.
This is a great place for kids and adults!  My husband and I love to go to zoos and observe animals.  When we found out about this place, we were intent on going. Parking is right next door in the garage on River Road.  The rate is about $2.00 per hour.  It's not too bad of a price for the time needed at the aviary.  A word of warning - The meter does take American quarters, but no other American coins and not American credit cards so be prepared!   We really enjoyed strolling through the exhibits.  The experience room is quite fun.  There are a number of birds that talk and you can take your picture holding one of them.  At an additional cost of course.  We simply enjoyed walking and talking to the birds. All of the animals seem well cared for and are active.  There is also an assortment of reptiles and mammals as well.  The bats in the nocturnal room are fascinating. Walking through this old building, I was not prepared to walk out into the main aviary.  The room is stunning; sunny and bright.  The birds are out and about - and while they aren't tame - some of them are pretty bold!   The path through this section is well designed and you don't miss out on any part of the room.  There's a tea house inside, and when you're finished the gift shop is quite cute. Check your hotel for coupons or go online and print one out.  $2.00 if not bad, and you can use one per person in your group.
What a great time! This is not just for young children. My two boys, ages 13 and 17, really enjoyed it...and so did my wife and I. We spent 90 minutes there, which was perfect. The lorikeet feeding is a must! The guys loved it and we got some terrific pictures. The facility was clean and well-maintained. The main aviary has an ancient ruins theme and it was really nice. So many different and colorful birds flying around and in the trees. There is a small parking garage right next to the attraction (just past the entrance on River Road). It's $2/hour paid in coins so be sure to have a few dollars worth of quarters (American or Canadian). I asked our hotel info desk and they said there is no garage but there IS so don't believe everything they tell you at the hotels!
Expensive.  No one will argue that.  However, its an absolute delight, and considering the prices you surround yourself with being in a tourist area. Its a great overall experience though.   The nectar for $2 with the rainbow lorikeets is a must do for at least one person in the group.   Some gorgeous birds in the main aviary as well.  Takes 30 minutes for most.  If you go very slow, and enjoy it, you're looking at an hour, max.
Definitley worth checking out! I am not a huge bird person but it was very cool! tons of birds, all kinds and colors. one even landed on my head!! got great pictures. some of the rooms smelled a little, but what do you expect at a  bird exhibit! The animals and the rooms were very well taken care of! YOu might expect there to be bird poop everywhere, but there wasnt at all! We were impressed!
We spent a good afternoon here in Niagara Falls, enjoyed ourselves. There's a small reptile area where you can interact with snakes, lizards, turtles and a few birds, then followed by a small bird aviary with some very cute small birds, an area with some bats and one spider, then a large bird aviary.  I thought the Lorikeet Landing was particularly fun, my son fed some agave nectar to the birds there who flocked him and my wife, including one lorikeet who landed on her head. It was a good time, and although it wasn't cheap, I felt like the cost was worth the experience.
Birds were great, but the concession was terrible.  Burnt pizza and cookies.  Plus, it took 10 minutes to order a bottle of water.  The teenager said she would be right back and disappeared. I assume she is a relative of the owner.
Want to go somewhere where the birds are so beautiful, you get dizzy? This was a happy stop! Rainbow lorikeets, oh my! I had four of them on me at a time! They are little clowns! Who knew? Oh, my kingdom for a picture! They did not allow personal cameras to be brought into the lorikeet handling area. I understand that -- they charge money for pictures that they take, then sell you -- but at the time we went, no one was there taking photos so we missed out. That rather sucked, considering it's likely a once-in-a-lifetime experience for us. I don't know when I'll next come into contact with rainbow lorikeets. I'll forever cherish my memories in my mind's eye, that's for sure! If you haven't seen them or held them before, imagine if Mike Myers and Will Ferrell mated and these birds are the result. They really are goofy lil' monkey-type clowning birds. It was so much fun being around them, but the girl whose station it was had the longest face ever. Seemed awfully depressed, and like she didn't want to be there. I guess there can be unhappiness even around tremendously colorful birds. Speaking of colorful, I couldn't get enough of seeing the brilliant scarlet ibis. There were several of them. I'd never seen one in person! Absolutely gorgeous. The purest, clearest, brightest red I've ever seen on any creature. I've been interested in these birds since high school, yet had never set eyes on them. You can imagine how intense the moment was for me to finally see these precious, impossibly beautiful birds. Unfortunately, my camera wasn't working right and I relied on my phone camera, which produced blurry and unsatisfying shots. I've never seen such a variety of exquisitely beautiful birds in my life. So many kinds I couldn't list them all here. We had precious little time to spend, but I think our feathered friends realized how much we love them just from our vibe. Doesn't matter that they live thousands of miles across the country; we were there!! Because it was the off-season, we took advantage of an online discounted admission rate which was very attractive. It also gave us a discount in the gift shop, which I utilized to buy postcards with clear pictures of my new bird-friends. The staff was friendly, but I expected to see more people working there. Maybe it's so much slower in the off-season, but from the website, it looked like there would be staff throughout the building, not just in admissions/gift shop. If you go, make sure not to miss the Javanese Tea House! It's one whole piece of teak wood, no nails were used in its construction. The intricate carvings are mind-blowing in their detail. They sell refreshments in there on the weekends or with pre-arranged bookings. It's very impressive to see the level of precision and care that went into creating this house, the only of its kind on the whole continent! A pair of exotic ducks allowed my partner to get very close to them, so sweet! I don't think I could ever get tired of a place like this. The parking is free, right next to the building, so don't worry about having to use one of those overpriced lots just to see a lot of gorgeous rare birds. The gift shop is large and has a wide range of prices. My favorites were the Christmas ornaments, night lights (I was SO tempted to buy them all but it wasn't practical for the trip home), soft toys, and garden stones/statuary. If I lived locally, I think I'd do a lot of shopping here, but many items are heavy and it wasn't going to work out with having to ship/pack things. Some of the prices were so good it may as well have been a regular store and not a touristy gift shop. If I could transplant a place like this out in California where I live, I'd be a constant presence.
While visiting Niagara Falls on the Canadian side, we stumbled on Bird Kingdom.  Definitely well worth coming to.  They have all kinds of species of birds here.  It's real relaxing to walk around and is well constructed.   There is a waterfall in the main room with tall trees everywhere.  In the main room, there is also a sectioned off room that you can pay $2 to feed the birds.  They fly all around you as well as sit on you when feeding them.  Beautiful Concurs I believe.  You are not permitted to take pictures inside this room.  They say because you might harm the birds but it is BS since we own a parrot ourselves, plus there is a photographer in there with a camera snapping pictures to sell to you at the end.  Inside the main room there is also a little cafe to purchase tea or other drinks. At the end of the tour, there is a gift shop with plenty of things to purchase.  Check the times before you go and do not go close to closing time because you will need some time to walk around at your leisure to check everything out.  I believe at least 1-2hrs. I would really recommend making a stop here.  Especially if you have kids.
There are some cool birds in there. If you have a kid then this is a must see. Seeing the excitement and amazement on my 5 year olds face were worth the price of admission. Try and find some coupons before you head there otherwise the tickets will run close to 50$ (for two adults and a kid) and the entire place can be covered in less than an hour.
Decent place to spend a few hours with your family.  Tickets are in the 15 - 20 range which is a bit pricey for the scale of experience however not a tourist trap gouge by  measure.  1 / 2 PRICE coupon on thier website was a welcome relief.  Animals  seem well cared for and are certainly quite beatiful
Nice for a couple of hours.  All ages would enjoy.   I saw tickets for a lower  price on-line, but didn't buy them because I wasn't sure if we were going to fit it in our visit.  We decided to just stop in when we had free time.  I asked if we could get a discount when I arrived since my only internet access was my phone. They were kind enough to give me a discounted rate for two adults.  We paid about 28.00 for two adults. ($28.00 total, taxes etc.)  Not the biggest place, but cool for some great photos.  You are literally in big bird cages.  Good take for the price we paid. Oh and the room to pay extra $2 to feed the bird . . .You can still feed them and they land on you without paying the $2.  The $2 just gets you longer.  Without paying you still get the experience and they take a few pictures you could purchase later.  I say no need to pay extra.
I went to the Bird Kingdom on the repeated urgences of my mother and while she never has understood that even though my hair isn't plastered to my head I'm still presentable, she did find a gem in Niagara Falls and so maybe her taste isn't all bad.  I know that you probably don't want to go to Niagara Falls to see a bunch of tropical birds, and that's fair, but let me tell you this you can only stare at the falls for so long before you get bored.  When you do, I would highly recommend the Bird Kingdom.  In Niagara Falls it is very difficult to differentiate between the good attractions and the ones that are solely devised to remove money from your wallet. While the entrance fee for the Kingdom is steep ($18)  it is worth every penny.  The Kingdom is in two main sections, there is the bird section, which I'll get to in a second and the reptile section.  The reptile section is definitely the smaller of the two but there is a great deal of interaction.  There will most likely be a python somewhere on the ground and the enthusiastic, young staff will be more than happy to hand you one of several scaled beast for photo opportunities.  The bird area is huge there are several rooms all with varieties of birds leading to one mega room which is styled as a Mayan ruin and is truly spectacular.  In this room there are birds everywhere and while they are skittish you can get pretty close to all of them.  I would highly recommend the Bird Kingdom to everyone who is visiting Niagara Falls for more than 2 hours because you have to do something other than watch water fall. Like the review?  Check out the link to my blog on my profile.
Really awesome!  Very well kept. Tons of animals. I could feed birds nectar ($2) all day.  Beautiful place!  Highly recommended.
So much fun!! The first exhibit made me nervous that this would be a flop, as it was just a room with some posters and a display of different sized eggs. However, the next exhibition was a room where several birds and iguanas were roaming freely! The birds were funny and interacted with us (Jackie the Macaw waved hello and let us hold her). Every room thereafter was equally impressive. We saw bats, owls, snakes, frogs and tons of birds. We took turns feeding the birds in a special area, and they stood on our arms and head for pictures. This was a great experience that I recommend to anyone looking for a fun, hour-long indoor activity near the falls.
My 8 year old wrote:"I think that the aviary should get some parrots that could fly down on the visitors arms and shoulders, and were allowed to be pet.". Overpriced. Birds sing great.
