I used to live about this place. Could you imagine waking up to the smell of pancakes and bacon every morning? Now I live 30 steps away because it's the best breakfast in Rochester. The weekend menu is amazing. I had a Grand Marnier and peach stuffed french toast a few times and it was amazing. Their bananas fosters french toast is legend. Holy crap, the enchiladas are massive! And they have sandwiches in between two grilled cheese sandwiches! I've never had a bad experience there (except my frittata is better than their's). The girls give great service and the cooks are personable and fun to watch sling the spatula.
Wtf we sat down and the table was dirty, an apology and a wet cloth, ok. Really did the waitress have to ask "do you want me to clean the whole table?" Well yes...yes I would. Next surprise was lip stick on my cup. I asked for a new one, no apology this time just a coldly dropped off new cup. I'll have to say I have eaten in unfortunately dirtier places in the backwoods and NYC but they didn't offer the food James Brown's did. We all opted for the fish fry, it was really good. The batter was crisp, light, even thinkness, not a more batter to fish ratio than would be pleasant. The cole slaw was sweet, maybe a hint of pineapple but not enough to be outstanding. The fries were crisp. We tried their snickers egg roll, it was ok, nice n gooey but the shell didn't really crisp, or cook all the way through.
To say that James Brown has built the reputation of his "Place" on a specific idea of what a diner really is would be an understatement. If you like 5-star dives then you will absolutely LOVE this place.  It even has the required filmy grease haze on the table tops that simply won't come off, along with tears in every single seat cover.  That must have take years to achieve.  All James needs now is the certificate for the wall.  His "Place" is cramped, not well ventilated, and very dingy. The food is mediocre but eveything has a not-normal twist to it, such as the philly cheesesteak sandwich with jalapenos and spicy cheese, or the County Mo-Fo sandwich which is two grilled cheese sandwiches surrounding a country fried chicken, pork, and bacon? - YIKES!!! How do we spell angioplasty?  The twists and turns with the menu is interesting but not enough to cover up the mediocre cooking and service. Yes, yes, I know so SHUT UP ALREADY! It's a dive-diner, I get it, so mediocre food is to be expected.  There was no disappointment there, believe me. I was actually quite taken with the sign above the flattop that said "Let Us Cater Your Next Event" right next to the sign that said "We Have Grits" - all of which struck me as beyond funny.  After chuckling at the signs, I spent a few moments watching the line cook do his thing.  He was moving at warp-speed and definitely knew how to cook what was on the menu, but he was also just going through the motions.  Unfortunately, the kitchen set up was all completely wrong and the cook spent most of the time running from the grill to the refrigerator, back to the grill, over to the toaster, etc. etc. etc.  With some work on kitchen setup, he might realize the benefits of economy-of-motion and get everything with half of the effort.  This was a big reason why, in my opinion, the food was extremely slow coming off the line even though the cook was working his little heinie off.  It was almost like watching some kind of vaudeville act. I was surprised he was the only one on the line.  Friday noon lunch rush, the place is full and there's only one cook at the flattop?  I also spotted Mr. James Brown himself, sitting in a corner booth with a laptop on the table . . . HHHHhhhmm . . . very, very interesting. The waittresses seem to not have assigned tables, but appear to cover service based on whose actually motivated to walk around and fill up the coffee, which didn't happen very often. So I took a look around to see which tattooed, seemingly uninterested waittress was going to slop some coffee into my cup and what do my non-believing eyes discover?  The maple syrup dispensers are ON TOP OF the commercial grade, high-temp coffee makers? AAAAaarrrrghhhh!!! Say it ain't so, James! NOW I know why the syrup for my thick, uncooked-in-the-middle pancackes was so watery and runny!  Don't believe me?  Peruse the photo I've uploaded.  Do they have any idea what constant low heat does to sugar?  And when they close, the coffee makers are turned off.  Do we think that the syrup is then garbaged? Or even refrigerated? AAAaaaarrrggghhhh!!!! That absolutely ruined it for me.  Like I said at the beginning, if you like classic 5-star dives, James Brown's Place is your place . . . but from what I saw with the cooking techniques, the kitchen layout, and the coffee station alone I'm not willing to risk my health in the future.  I hope none of you likes to order your eggs runny...
First, food... There are plenty of items to select.  I ended up going with the Carolina pulled pork.   It was very tasty and the coleslaw was had a bit of sweetness to it.  I am not a fan of coleslaw, but was pleasantly surprised. Second, the place... The place was a bit odd.  Very old school so to speak.  Nothing to get excited about.  The wall decor is interesting and I shall leave it at that. Third, service... The waitress seemed pre-occupied, but she did her job.  We were easy clients, the food came rather quickly, and came correctly.  She did check with us once, and that was it.  I was not asked if I needed a drink refill. Overall a nice experience and would visit again.
This is your quintessential community diner. Their French toast is second to none. They make it with French baguette bread and I often could not stop myself from ordering the full stack of five. The menu has literally dozens of different items ranging from amazing frittatas to ribs on Friday night. Sunday mornings are especially great there you must try it.
James Brown's Place is the best, but really!!  Cheap, just the right amount of grease, great service, and great food, of course.  They have an extensive menu, but nothing too overwhelming, it's all really, really good stuff.  I don't even know how many things I've had here, I try to switch it up as often as I can and it's consistently great tasting.  The best diner coffee too!  Sometimes when I go on Saturdays and Sundays the line is out the door even in the winter.  But I mean, if people are willing to wait ten minutes out in the Rochester cold just for a table here, that's clearly indicative that what they're serving up has to be yummy. ;) Like I said, I've had lots of things:  breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, sausage and biscuits, hobo breakfast, Dixie breakfast, eggs benedict a million which ways, and my favorite for when I'm suffering from a hangover, (as many of the crowd is as well haha) is the 'Breakfast P.O.S. I & II,'  (great name, right?)  hashbrowns, spicy sausage, two eggs, and cheese sauce.  The perfect cure with two/three cups of their coffee too.  P.S.  - The waitress usually lets me take a to-go cup of the coffee for the road!
Minus 1 star because of crappy waitress service. We walked in, didn't even say a word and the waitress said, "don't look at me, I'm not a hostess, wait for someone else!" I was so shocked I forgot to bust out my inner ghetto chick response. By the time I recovered we were seated at the bar watching the two badass cooks working at a pace that can only be described as super sonic. Most memorable! - stuffed French toast: delish! With banana caramel and maple cream cheese!
I have no idea why there are so many good reviews for this place. Food is mediocre at best and we waited for over 1 hour for our mediocre food to be served after ordering. The place is in need of some serious detailed cleaning.
Food is not bad. I had better frittata at Flower City Grill on East Ave. I do not like hard access to bathrooms.
Had lunch here for first time today - been several times for breakfast.  Really like the mix of people that know where to come for good food and plenty if it.  The waitress we had was not at her best today. She stood outside visiting with a couple of guys at a table on the walk far longer than someone waiting on others should have been . The menu is great to just sit and read!  So many selections !  Thank you, Mr. Brown for such a great neighborhood spot from customers who come about 25 miles just to eat there.
My favorite breakfast place. i go here every saturday now.  the standard menu has a ton of great selections, but on weekends they have a large specials menu that  rotates choices each week.   on the standard menu, the veggie fratata and the breakfast enchilada are my go-to's. the service is always excellent. Crystal and Angela are so friendly and provide exellent service.
Let me tell you about "James Brown" and his place. I love small, local, family run businesses, and this place puts me in heaven. This is one of those small holes in the wall that you really can't pass up if it's breakfast. This is THE spot I rave to people about and recommend if it's breakfast hours and they post a status about "I'm hungry, not sure where to go". And this is THE spot that I follow my own advice and hit up quite frequently. While the environment might be a bit cramped, it's for good reason. People know good food, and people know JB's has good food, that being said, sometimes seating might take a little bit, trust me, it's worth it. I've ordered just about everything on the menu by this point, and there is really nothing I can complain about. The prices are all dirt cheap, and the flavors are home cooked in richness. I should add that this is the only place I can eat grits from. It's the first place I tried them at and no matter where I go, they never taste as good, which makes me feel a bit spoiled, but who cares? The inside might make you feel a little claustrophobic to be honest, as the servers hustle around inside and out, the cooks clearly visible rushing to make food to serve 50 people and make it well. And the environment is loud with chatter. But isn't that what city life is all about? I HIGHLY recommend the omelettes, as well as some of the sandwiches. The grits are pretty amazing as well. Pros : + Very cheap for what you get + Pretty good service + Strong local vibe + Constantly being cleaned (Although not always 'clean') + Some of the best breakfast food around, hands down Cons : - LOTS of people indoors make for a cluttered feel, if you're claustrophobic you'll likely want to wait for an outdoor table to open up. - Very noisy, not really a "date" place, not really a con though, more of a note.
Thank you, Mr. Brown. Your "Place" is definitely AWESOME. It is a little sketchy on the outside, definitely rough on the inside, and the staff can seem a little ticked off at times (especially the line cooks). But who really cares??? I loved it. It's the quintessential East Coast greasy spoon. There are few places in Rochester with this much character and energy. The dining room has seen better days, and there's a smoky haze in the air coming from the well-seasoned grill in the kitchen area. During my visit on a Sunday morning, the joint was PACKED with a line out the door into the freezing cold. Stick it out though, as it's totally worth the wait. Sitting at the counter, we watched as plate after plate of freshly cracked eggs, home fries, French toast, etc, were made-to-order. The menu is pretty impressive with even a few Southern and Mexican inspired options thrown in to add to the splendid chaos. I ordered a Steak Torta, which is a breakfast sandwich with adobo steak, jalapeños, eggs and cheese. It wasn't super spicy (like some adobo can be), but was full of rich flavors with just a slight kick from the peppers. My side of home fries were just like dad used to make down South, soft with a slight char and crispness that perfectly hit the spot. The menu rocks, the food is cheap (but excellent), the atmosphere is lively, and the owner walks around the restaurant just to check on folks. This may be my new favorite spot in Rochester!
You arrive at James Brown's and you immediately get the feeling that this place has a unique story, a Rochester story. And Rochester does not have an excess of quality breakfast establishments, so James Brown's is very much a necessity, a big fish in a small pond. The atmosphere was perfect; unique hilarious wall art was a highlight. The service was top notch; food came out at lightning speed. And the quality of the food was solid, a bit better than average diner breakfast. I recommend the hash browns, which stole the show for sure. I therefor bequeath 4 stars, for good food and better atmosphere.
I consider myself a stickler for good breakfast food and this place is my top spot in Rochester.  I walked in and was greeted with a handshake by someone I can only imagine was JB himself.  We ordered four different dishes to share and everything was amazing.  It was Sunday morning so the place was really busy, but the service was prompt and the serving staff was great.  They seem to have an affinity for whipped cream because they made art with whipped cream and chocolate on my hot chocolate, and then added some to the French toast because the server thought we "just needed to have some on there" (she was TOTALLY right!).  On the way out, "JB" gave me another handshake and said thanks for coming in. Prices are reasonable, food is great, service is good, and everything about it just felt like you were where you should be for breakfast... what more can you want?  I can't wait to go back and keep trying different things on the menu.
I enjoyed a late breakfast (6/10/14) with my son and his good friend. The Fanatic Frittata had the right amount of spice and heat. The wait staff was attentive. You will be hard pressed to find a better diner in Rochester.
I have lived in Rochester my whole life, and am sad to admit it was 30 years wasted - because I just went to JBP for the first time last week and could cry when I think of all the times I didn't eat breakfast here. Hands down the best diner breakfast I have ever had. The restaurant is tightly packed, the smoke from the griddle fills the room, and the wait staff are the friendliest around. It is, simple put, a "must visit". If you go there on a Sunday at 10-11am-ish, go during nice weather. I did wait out in the polar vortex for a little while for a table. But that was only because the rest of Rochester already knew what I had been missing for so long, and wanted a piece of the JBP experience too. Last word of advice - go with at least one other person. Then force that other person to order at least two different dishes than yourself. Proceed to eat off their plate. Only way to do it, there's too many options to choose just one dish for yourself!
I like their food, I think it's better than average diner fare. I've had their frittatas and breakfast specials a few times and rarely have been disappointed. I had their corned beef hash once and it was homemade, so I ordered again and it was canned. If you like homemade corned beef hash, wait for it to be on special, otherwise it's canned. But the place is cramped (especially in winter) and a bit dingy, also service can be really slow. So they are not quite there to get 4 or five stars. I would give them 3.5 stars if I could, because they are better than A-OK, but I am not completely sold on the place.
My food was gone in under 2 minutes (And I think that can speak for itself), we got to sit and talk with James, great guy who makes awesome food!! :D
I don't understand the alleged greatness of this place.  Maybe my experience was a fluke and one day I'll give it another try.  I am a cook myself and consider myself very reasonable with my expectations because I'm on the other side 6 days a week, and understand you cannot always get everything right, every time.  But this was compounded ineptness with my girlfriend and I being the only people in the restaurant. My home fries were completely inedible.  An awful blend of mushy but burnt, and undercooked potato, seemingly unseasoned except for the overwhelming DRIED PARSLEY contributing a powerful alfalfa or lawn clipping flavor to the scorched earthiness of potatoes past their prime, could not be negotiated even with what would  normally be an unreasonable amount of ketchup and Frank's.  Home fries should not have ANY dried parsley added to them, ever.  This is an affront to good taste and culinary wisdom.  Dried herbs are stronger than fresh, and one would not add fresh parsley until after cooking because it would burn on a flattop grill and become bitter.  Dried parsley is for soup.  Home fries are better with salt, pepper, granulated garlic, granulated onion and paprika, which is why most restaurants opt to use these seasonings. My toast was never given a chance to earn its title.  It was not even heated enough to melt the incredible amount of semisolid butter/margarine which was remained cool and caked between the rubbery bread slices. The eggs were undercooked.  I always order over-medium because it is common for over-easy eggs to be undercooked and too runny, possibly with the inside never reaching 165 degrees to kill salmonella.  These were gross by over-easy standards due to the combination of plentiful uncooked egg white and an overabundance of cooking oil.  The breakfast wasn't entirely a waste.  You can't mess up bacon if you actually cook it. I never want to give a place too much criticism if my experience doesn't live up to the words of other people, because food is subjective to a certain degree, but badly prepared home fries that are cold in the middle, and undercooked eggs, oddly along with my girlfriends burnt french toast, after the ticket sat on the printer for a few minutes waiting for the grill cook to return from his preservice-rush smoke, explains why on a sunday morning this place seemed deserted.  Rochester's best breakfast spots usually have people waiting for the door to open up to a crew that has already set up and manned their stations.  I left with a smile, albeit a tad crooked, because the cook who makes sure even your food stays cool under the least bit of pressure was adorned with a shirt emblazoned with the ironic title of "Grill God". I feel bad for writing this; usually I eat somewhere twice before deciding on it or reviewing. However, standard breakfast fare is simple and delicious by its own merits.  The staff should taste their wares once in a while.
One of my favorite breakfast spots on the weekends. It's got that old - fashioned diner feel. Super casual atmosphere - you could show up in your PJ's. The food is homemade and they always have a unique special menu. There is almost always a wait to be seated but it's worth it. It's small in there so seating is tight and the kitchen is right behind the counter so you can see and smell your food cooking! It's can get really hot in there sometimes and you can almost feel the grease settling into your clothes. Maybe this is why so many peeps show up in their PJ's. If you're looking for a big diner breakfast, James Browns is your place. The only downfall for me is that I prefer a healthy, vegetation menu option sometimes and they really don't have one. But it's a great splurge meal!
Very solid breakfast experience. I went for brunch during the week. There wasn't even a line! We sat outside and my friend even had her dog with her. The menu has so many options, I couldn't decide. Service was decent, food was good. I've got to frequent more so I can find my perfect menu item.
This is a hidden gem in the city of Rochester.  Great food and atmosphere. If your visiting the city or new this is most definitely the place to to eat and have a great time.
I love breakfast to begin with-- but when I hear the words "wanna go to James Brown's?" my face instantly lights up and I'm already halfway out the door. PROS: - Definite neighborhood-y breakfast-spot vibe. - Food is above average and very affordable. - Extensive menu. I promise you there is something for everyone, even your picky-ass friend/sister/girlfriend whom you love to hate on. - The waitresses work their butts off and are always pleasant to interact with, no matter how busy it is. Most importantly they're very attentive to your coffee cup. - The owner makes himself visible, and is appropriately chatty. - The cooks! Holy bajeezus are they amazing. Sit at the counter and watch these two guys get shit DONE. They are the definition of hustle. CONS: - It's not the cleanest. - Depending on the time of morning, you could be looking at a solid 20+ minute wait. - Homefries are inconsistent (I always ask for them well done/burnt but only once have received them as such). - Bacon is a skimpy portion and never comes out burnt, despite my requests. Those are some pretty big cons, but I've yet to find a breakfast place in Rochester that is more fun and welcoming than JBP. What makes a place special is how you feel when you are there, and in turn, the way you remember it. I have nothing but positive things to say about James Brown's! Sorry for going all Dear Diary on you guys.
The food was excellent but the employees were a bit rude. Food took a long time and make sure you use the bathroom ahead of time because theirs is down this creepy basement full of storage and cobwebs. Overall not so impressed but the food itself brings it to three stars.
As part of a return tour of Rochester, the lady and I hit up James Brown's this morning. Living in Rochester for five years some years ago, I had never been. The servers were very friendly and never let our coffees dip below half full. The food came quick and piping hot. It may have tasted even better had I not lost half my taste buds on the first bite. I forget the name of what I got, but it included two eggs over grilled peppers, onions, and home fries and I added hollandaise with a side of rye. It was greasy as sin. And just as delicious! The home fries were thick, but well-cooked. The onions were grilled to the point of melting in your mouth. The hollandaise could have used a little more zip (lemon) in my opinion, but experience tells me the local preference is less lemon. My girlfriend got the potato pancakes and they were excellent. Very greasy, but up there with any latkes I've had. With a couple of coffees, we didn't beak $20. Rochester is so cheap! They even gave us a couple of cups to go.
Best place in Rochester for breakfast! Servers are always very friendly and attentive. They can get super busy on the weekends - sometimes with a line out the door so get there before 10 if you don't want to wait too long. I've only been for breakfast, but I also hear great things about the Friday night fish fry. Some of my favorite dishes: Carne Adovado - Eggs, slow cooked seasoned pork, rice, the BEST black beans, and torillas. This one's not to be missed. Eggs Benedict - A great standard, but with a big slab of ham instead of Canadian bacon. They have a never ending list of difference variations on the benedict, if you're looking for something more adventurous. Any french toast or pancakes (they have pumpkin now with pecan
I am rarely wowed, but last Sunday I was! The food and the variety that this place offers is OUTSTANDING! My boyfriend and I are huge chorizo fans among other things and were so happy to see so many different dishes with it.  Their chocolate  chip pancakes were amazing! And the cherry on top.... THE SERVICE! Every single person that works there is not only very nice and welcoming,  but they all work their asses off too and still manage to satisfy their customers with a good attitude. The one thing that impressed me most of all though, was the owner. I saw him greet every customer with a smile, say goodbye and chit chat. He was so extremely friendly and sincere. 5 stars hands down
Well this review might have some bias. Because if I tell you I had full stack of cranberry Apple French toast and only ate half piece, you probably thought I didn't like the place. I have my excuse, I was sick at that day and I don't usually eat sweet things for breakfast. The French toast was really good. It was moist, not super sweet if you don't put syrup on it lol. People there were very laid back. We arrived there 10 minutes before it closed and couldn't decided what we were gonna get. The waitress was very patient about that. After ordering, the food was served very fast. Probably because we were the only customers ordering food lol. From our arrival to getting out of the restaurant, we only took half an hour. That was the fastest dining out I have ever had lol. And that's also the reason why I only ate half piece of toast. I'm a slow eater. I need time to finish my meal lol. My friend finished his taco plate on my third bite of the toast. And I'm not exaggerating lol. They have a massive menu there. Because of the short time, I didn't have a chance to look through everything.  Maybe next time, although I don't know if I will ever go back to there. It's not that it's not good, just that not a big fan of American breakfast.  It has to be that some of my friends want to go and ask me to go with them.
Oh my, this was excellent! Small place but what an awesome breakfast. We didn't have to wait long for a table. Menu looks all good. The Cranberry apple bread French toast was fantastic!  Who needs syrup? Eggs, bacon, home fries and coffee was all so good. Service was fast and friendly. We highly recommend this place if you are ever in this area. We will be back whenever we are visiting Rochester. 5 stars*****
James Brown's Place is the stop to make if you're looking for a variety of eggs benedicts, breakfast sandwiches, french toast with all the stops or just your classic pancakes made right. The menu is HUGE. Because I arrived late, I chose the first option on the special sheet and didn't even read it - who wants to be "that girl"? Especially when I have a hard time deciding anyway. It ended up being a slam dunk. Three Little Pigs Sandwich. To my meat lovers... think about it. How can you go wrong with grilled pork, ham and smoked bacon? You can't. It was perfect - not too thick, not too thin - with fried egg, cheddar and smoked aioli on a grilled french baguette. ONLY $5.99. Seriously a win. I was also lucky enough to try my friend's dish (a few times). Unfortunately, I didn't do my diligent duty and ask what the name was, but I'm sure it was something wonderful because it tasted like heaven. The not-too-sweet stack of french toast was covered in an apple syrup with fresh fried apples and layered with cream cheese. It tasted like warm apple pie. She also ordered a side of bacon and received it done exactly how she requested. The last item I'd like to comment on are the home fries - WOW. Seasoned perfectly and made with real potatoes. Also available to order by your preferred crispiness. What was even more impressive was watching the cooks make it right in front of us. I honestly have much more respect for the speed breakfast cooks need to operate on. Now that you have an idea of how good the food is, let me paint you a picture of how the ambiance feels and what the staff is like. JB is a dinner - a really great dinner. If you're used to cookie cutter restaurants, you might be a little taken aback by the (lacking) visuals. It is a neighborhood restaurant and does well without having to be dressed up. This is not a place you want to go if you're trying to impress your girlfriends ritzy parents (unless they have awesome taste in food too). The staff is very hardworking. On my last visit, our server was sub-par and lost our ticket and forgot to give us silverware but the cooks went above and beyond by noticing and getting those to us ASAP. Other servers I have had have been great. The owner is most always there. He is funny, relate-able and accommodating. If you have a chance to speak with him, you'll also find he has a great story. Pros: - Huge menu (have vegetarian friends or picky eaters in your group, GO TO JB) - Your coffee will never be empty, no matter how long the food takes. -The food will never sit in the window and will always come to you warm - You won't leave hungry Tips: - If you're Hangry (ya know... so hungry you're angry), choose a faster option. JB is has the slow food working on it's side, but is definitely worth the wait. - If you have sensitive eyes, don't sit at the bar. One of the grills is directly behind the bar and can be smokey at times. It didn't bother me, but some of the others at the bar mentioned it. I think it's a great place to sit if you'd like to watch the "Grill God's" (as their shirts said) get down to business. They are ridiculously fast and can crack an egg more efficiently than my grandmother... yep, I said it.
James Brown's Place is one of the seriously good breakfast joints in this part of town. I go here from time to time on weekdays during the "off" hours & have always received what I ordered. Haven't gone during the insanely busy hours on Saturday & Sunday, so I can't comment on that topic. The cooks at James Brown's Place do a great job with my favorite breakfast: eggs over easy, home fries, sausage patties & wheat toast. Hot coffee with frequent refills, cheery servers buzzing and, when James is on site, a genial host. What more could you want? Oh, that's right... Breakfast Burritos to go for my son. He likes to sleep in and is never ready to go out for breakfast with his dad!
My last breakfast experience here was terrible. Well not terrible, but it pissed me off and I have decided to not patronize this restaurant again. I arrived at about 9am for a breakfast special (usually around $4.95) that included 2 eggs, grits, three sausage links, toast and a small orange juice or coffee. Great deal right?! What I wanted: I requested that my eggs were scrambled, cooked thoroughly, but medium with American cheese on my grits. And that my meal was the same price as it was on the menu with an additional charge for the cheese. What I got: - Scrambled eggs fried to an oblivion almost burned. This is due to the waitress serving as the cook and not paying attention. -Grits were placed in a microwave to melt the cheese for about 30 seconds. The cheese didn't melt. So I got a clump of un-melted cheese in a cup of unseasoned grits. Was replaced with cheddar. -Cold toast with un melted butter -A bill for $7. $7 would  have been fine had I enjoyed my food. But when I asked the waitress/cook why my bill was higher than expected, here is the explanation I got: Me: I thought OJ was included in the bill Waitress: Did you order OJ first? Me: Yes, you asked me what I wanted to drink and I said OJ. W: Oh because when you order OJ first we assume you want a large, so, I brought you a large. Me: That was a large? Why wouldn't you give me what was included in special? W: (stumbling over her words) Yeah, that's usually how we do it. Me: Blank stare. Um. Ok... Disappointed. I hate bad food, wasting time and money and I got all three.
So update to my previous review. The place is busy! So get ready to wait if you're not early and are part of a big party. Also it's a small diner with the kitchen right in front of you. Gets very smoky and greasy. Don't wear your best clothes and don't plan to go somewhere after unless you want to smell like eggs. Tried the chocolate chip pancakes. Really good and loaded with chocolate chips. Again the signature stuffed French toast was amazing. Excellent caramel taste. Cheese fritters. Not a fan. Maybe just not my thing but they were very bland. Southern Egg Benedict. Great taste but was missing something. Maybe a tad bit more flavor/spice. Service was fast. Waitress was nice. A bit of a mess up with splitting the bill but wasn't her fault and she was very apologetic. Enjoyed my breakfast over all. Will come again but probably in PJs ;)
Hmmm... while the eggs with chorizo and the raisin toast were both great, the homefries were uninspired and bland, and the waitress was more interested in charming a table of hipsters than refilling my coffee mug.  Le sigh.   I can excuse the service as a fluke but I really wish the potatoes had been better.  My ladyfriend enjoyed a cheddar and bacon omelette, but registered the same complaint about the home fries.   Fun atmosphere, very loyal local following, and an interesting menu.  I would try it again if I lived in the area, but being only an occasional visitor to Rochester, I won't go out of my way to eat there again.  Would actually give it 3 and a half stars if that was an option, but I'll round up.
This place is ba-bangginnn. The menu is huge rochester, huge. It took a few to figure out what I wanted, savory or sweet. My friends split a stack of their speciality pancakes to get that sweetness on the side of their savory meal. I got the eggs benedict, always a good choice. Perfect place for breakfast or hangover brunch. The coffee was good, the waitress was good...the wait was a little long but it was worth it and it was prime breakfast time. If it's nice out you can sit outside. I am thinking about when I can go back.
What a shit hole!!!! Went for breakfast sat at the counter..... Omg it was disgusting it was worse than any of those kitchen rescue shows on tv!!!! Old food on friers the looked nothing has been cleaned in 20 yrs! Food was nasty!!!!! This place a disgusting!!!!!!
The king of all breakfast/lunch spots in Rochester. The menu is a beast. Anything and everything you could imagine and all down home cooking, homemade recipes. I recommend reading the menu beforehand because you'll probably have to wait for a table and by the time you sit down you'll want to send your order in ASAP to tame that grumbling tummy. We waited for about 20 minutes for a table (arriving around 10:30). Any later and the wait doubled. It's a little funky how the waitresses take tables - they don't write down names, just ask how many are in your party and use the honor system as to which group came in first. If you have a larger group sometimes the two-somes will get seated before you because the booths are limited and two tops open up quicker. Regardless, I think they should at least have a list because it's cramped in the entrance and you could get trapped outside fearing you may loose your spot in line. Perhaps I should knock off a star for that minor hiccup, but by the time I got my food I forgot about having to wait. It was that good. I was with a couple of my lady friends - we scoured the menu and narrowed it down to 2 orders of the Dixie Breakfast and the Eggs Benedict. The Dixie Breakfast is served with eggs any style, 3 sausage links, 2 biscuits topped with sausage gravy and cheese grits. The whole dish was amazing. I could not stop eating the cheese grits. They were SO good - creamy, light and a smidge of cheese, not to overpower the flavor of the grits. I thought to myself, hmm maybe throw some salt in there, but I never got around to it. The Eggs Benedict were out of this world too. I had a bite of my friend's order - *real* hollandaise sauce and oven roasted ham - thick cut, straight off the bone - the real deal. Coffee was a flowin' and our bellies were full. I cannot wait to go back. Maybe on Sunday after the craziness that will be St. Patty's Day...
Sometimes you just need to start your day with a big, greasy 1/3 pound burger covered in cheese and an egg and for some reason bologna.  And of course, the bun isn't a bun...the bun is two grilled cheese sandwiches made on texas toast.   I have yet to order this, but I am dying to.   I've been here twice.  Usually there's a huge line out the door but the two times we went we got right in.  Outdoor seating in nicer weather.   The menu is totally original.  No knockoff stuff that I can think of.  With some of these items it's almost like he's daring you to have a heart attack.  The menu online doesn't describe the dishes like the one in the store, unless that's changed since I've been there.   There are several items like that behemoth I described.  There are also many many more normal and savory things.  You can check those out.  Lots of selections with things like chorizo, poaching of eggs, smoked pork, etc.   It's not a NY/NJ style diner.  It's more of a breakfast place, although they do seem to have an interesting dinner menu.  It's pretty cool, both times I've been there James is walking around chatting it up with people.  Nice guy.  The place is older and worn in.  The bathroom is downstairs and getting to it is a bit of an adventure.  Think Indiana Jones.   The first time I went I was going to a pig roast later and I wanted to try to eat a little healthy.  Looking back this was a stupid place to go to if that was my goal.  I ordered a bowl of yogurt, granola and berries and hated myself from the moment the waitress left the table.  My GF ordered a chicken breakfast burrito or something like that.   Mine was decent and if I was anywhere else I probably would have enjoyed it.  But looking at the monster burrito on her plate covered in rich enchilada sauce stuffed with eggs and chunks of chicken breast and globs of cheddar, then looking at things on the tables near by, I couldn't help but be disappointed.  Luckily, it was way too much for her and I got the leftovers...and there were lots. I met James at a party and told him this story.  He called me a p*ssy for not ordering a real breakfast!  Very approachable and funny guy (At least, I think he was being funny).   Another time I was there I think I ordered a ranchero con carne - beans, chorizo, poached eggs on a muffin covered in cheese. So good.  Others I was with ordered eggs benedict and I forget what the last person had but again, everything was delicious.   This is the perfect place to go after a late night out on a lazy morning.  Expect a wait.  Also expect an eventual update to this post because as Gd is my witness I will eat that bologna burger.
Good food coupled with an interminably long wait... makes a restaurant A-Ok. My friends and I were fine waiting for our table. That was expected and we had flea market finds to entertain us. It was waiting for our food that drove us crazy. We'd see food coming out heading toward other tables. "Wait. Didn't they order after us?" was the oft repeated phrase. And it was getting chilly outside in the shadows. Well, our food finally arrived and it was good. I enjoyed my Bayou platter with all its sausage, rice and rye toast. These are breakfasts for champions.
You only have to look at the distribution of stars in the reviews to know you've got a great place in James Brown's Place.  I've seen a few critical reviews, but this is a plain and simple diner.  It promises good food and not much in the way of atmosphere.  It delivers exactly what it promises and for that, 5 stars. Yes, it's one of those places for Sunday breakfast that everyone knows about and is loathe to tell others because the line will get even longer than it already is.  But it's more than just great pancakes and waffles on a Sunday morning.   Cally W. referred to JB's as a "hole in the wall" diner.  That may even be generous.  Needless to say, there are certainly holes in the wall .  .  . Start first with a couple of pints next door at Johnny's Irish Pub.  Another plain and simple neighborhood bar that can be quite fun when they have music.  Then walk on over to James Brown's (or run if it's cold outside), and you'll more than likely be greeted by James himself as he never seems to leave the place.  Quite an imposing presence, he's hard to miss.  Now I don't follow baseball and certainly would never be a fan of that NYC team even if I did but James is a big fan and you can keep him talking forever if you love the Yankees. But I came here to talk about the food.  Plain and simple the food is delicious.  It's also darn cheap, almost too darn cheap.  I know the place looks like it hasn't been touched in 40 years (and if you go downstairs to see out a restroom, you'll believe it's more like 100 years), but the prices haven't changed that much either.  On our last trip there, I had a crab cake sandwich that was the largest and most tender thing I've tasted in for under $10.  We're not talking appetizer.  We're talking a gigantic sandwich that was fried ever so perfectly. So if you don't want to wait half an hour or more in line for breakfast on Sunday, try JB's place on a Friday night before they close (they're not open late, darn it).  You won't be disappointed.
It all started 15 years ago when a new diner opened up around the corner from my house on Conklin Ave, in a location that had seen several diners come and go. Who knew years later that James Brown's Place would become a Rochester institution. JB's is simply the best diner in town. I'm not quite sure exactly why I love it. Part of it is the ambience, part of it is the people, JB himself will sit with you and talk to you while enjoying some of the delicious food that they serve up. All I know is that I 100 percent love the food. JB's is not just a greasy spoon, it's the greasy spoon. Whenever I go to diners out of town, it is JB's that I compare them to and none have lived up. The menu at JB's was largely developed by the previous head cook who is a certified chef, which is rare to find at any diner and the creativity in the menu shows that off. I have a few recommendations to people if you are going to JB's. If you want plain old pancakes, eggs and other mundane breakfast foods skip JB's. But if you want something that will make your mouth sing, have the Frantic Frittata with provolone. If you want something sweet and hearty, then have the French toast combo! If you are in the mood for fall deliciousness, have the pumpkin pancakes. Every weekend there is a different specials menu... order from there and you will not regret it. Be prepared to wait a bit on the weekend and be happy if you don't have to but for me it is always worth it! The only negative about this place is that because of it's small size, and the location of the cooking (right in front of you like diner hibachi), you may come out smelling like food.
It had been too long since I said a friendly "hello" to James Brown's Place and after a morning at the Super Flea our stomachs were ready to be filled. We had anticipated a wait and it only took about 15 minutes to be seated. We ordered shortly after but then waited probably about a half hour for our food. The wait would have been manageable had it been slightly warmer (we were seated outside). We ended up taking turns standing in the nearby sunshine. The food filled our entire four-person table. I ordered a place of Mexican style pulled pork, two eggs, black beans, rice, and tortillas. I decided to assemble the ingredients into tacos, but still somehow managed to get black beans on my fingers, clothes, sunglasses, table, napkin... you get the idea. A messy but delicious dish. I especially enjoyed the charred tortilla shells. I also samples the cheesy grits and loaded potatoes but was just meh on those. We had to eat, pay, and leave in a bit of a rush because of the wait time. I won't come here regularly but mostly because I eat way too much and it's not the healthiest brunch option. Doesn't mean it isn't tasty.
Best breakfast and brunch in the city, hands down. Mr. Brown is also a fantastic and nice man to deal with. The servers are fun and no "bs" which is nice.
Came up to Rochester for graduation and found James Brown's Place on Yelp.  Sat outside for breakfast and it was absolutely beautiful.  For breakfast I had the Sausage gravy with biscuits.  I highly recommend them if you are not counting calories!  My father got the French toast combo and really enjoyed that as well.  Great place for breakfast.
James Browns is the classic example of a "hole in the wall" diner being the BEST around! If you blink you might miss it, and that would be a shame! This was the best breakfast I have had in Rochester in a while. Although JB's is small, my friends and I only waited 10 min tops and had the friendliest waitstaff. By the time we left however, the place was BUMPIN'! The menu here is amazing--something for everyone. They have a ton of weekly breakfast & dinner specials that are definitely something to check out. I got a spicy chorizo frittata (amazing) and my friend got the sweet french toast combo meal. We were so pleased, not only with the food but also with the price. A lot of food for a little price! Can't beat that. The food is cooked right by the bar which makes for a different experience, and leaves you smelling like diner for the rest of the day, mmmm. This place isn't fancy by any means, it's just a plain jane diner that has something for everyone's taste buds. GO!
This is one of our favorite holes-in-the-wall in the whole metro area. A little something to touch your inner Southern soul, and plenty of good, oft-inspired, dishes to warm even the coolest of hearts. The clientle can be as diverse as the menu, and that's a nice change of pace from much of the local dining scene. There is no question whatsoever that this place is worth the wait. In fact, it's worth the trip. Your arteries might not thank you, but your stomach sure as hell will. And that's one battle that's worth letting your stomach win from time to time. Let James Brown's Place help you fight the good fight!
This place has everything you could ever imagine eating for breakfast and then some. The menu is absolutely epic. I mean, they have 13 different kinds of meat alone- just sayin'. When a place has a menu so expansive, it's hard to know what they really do best. So... I just got something with chorizo in it. Breakfast tacos (2 for $5) to be exact. Eggs, cheese, chorizo...on a flour tortilla... hard to go wrong. Coffee is a little spendy $2 but it's bottomless. Most meals are between $4.99-$8. The atmosphere is cute, the service is fine. Sitting outside would have been excellent, but we didn't feel like waiting. Only problem was they decided to grill some onions. YOW. Our eyes were watering. It felt like someone sprayed pepper spray in the back. Nice little place. Good food. Watch out for the onions.
Here's a great tip for some of you lucky Rochesterians - JB's is open for...tah dah!dinner! Haven't even been for breakfast yet (whenever we're in town, it's a weekend, and not worth waiting). But my sister was dying to show this great dive to us and we headed over on a Friday evening. Yay! no wait. Super friendly waitress (maybe it helped that sis is a regular and is recognized? lol). We ordered fish tacos (both fried and grilled) and the midwest pork sandwich. I took a star off  only because the tacos were swimming in the taco sauce. Don't get me wrong, it was lick the spoon yummy, but wayyy too much. Tacos were very good, fish was a little lost in the sauce. Slaw was outstanding! A hit of pineapple - just the way my grandma used to make it. score! The pork sammie was enormous - just like in Iowa, absolutely dwarfed the bun. Hubby was making num num noises, so I assume it was good. Oh, James Brown was there and if you ever get a chance to chat with the guy, he is a hoot. Funny and charming, one of those guys who just makes friends anywhere he goes. Nice divey place, friendly staff, good food. Count me in next time we're in Ra-cha-cha!
James Brown's.  I mean writing long reviews and stuff is usually important and helpful, in this case it's not.  If you live in Rochester, you've probably been here, if not, you need to go this weekend.  Clearly the best brunch spot in the city, by miles.  A true greasy spoon, stepping inside is a true blast from the cooktop.  What's incredible about James Brown's is that not only do they have the breakfast staples (and do them well) they also have some really unique stuff on the menu (and do that well).  And as someone who has spend a good deal of time in the south, James Brown's is the only place in town that comes marginally close to real Biscuits and Gravy.  Go, go now, go often.
I wasn't as impressed with James Brown's as I had hoped to be, after reading all the great reviews on Yelp and elsewhere. I've been twice recently and had decent, but not write-home-about, experiences both times. What I like about this place is that the waitresses are very friendly and welcoming; the menu is huge (almost too huge for someone who tends to be indecisive, like I do, when it comes to ordering food) and it's fairly inexpensive. Great diner coffee that keeps on coming. On my first visit, I had a surf-and-turf-and-eggs special. It came with bernaise sauce and rosemary potatoes (which were basically home fries, nothing special). The ribeye was fine, the eggs were fine, the shrimp was a little rubbery, but maybe this isn't the best place in the world to get shrimp. Second time around, the waitress talked me into another special, crab cakes benedict. This was covered in a cheese-and-chive hollandaise. I *love* rich food, but this was too rich for me. I wasn't able to finish it, and felt a little queasy afterwards. The quality of the food was fine, but I think between the sauce and the eggs and the crab cakes, it was just too much. I'd definitely go back - I'd like to try a more classic bacon-and-eggs meal, or maybe corned beef hash. Or an omelet. It's right around the corner from my apartment and I do enjoy the atmosphere, which is lively and fun. It's not the be-all and end-all of breakfast places, though.
I usually base my restaurant reviews on more than one dining experience. Not the case here. After eating at James Brown's Place only once, I'm comfortable with giving the place a 4-star rating. On the day of discovery, I was actually at my usual breakfast spot - South Wedge Diner. It was packed and rather than waiting, I decided to be adventurous. I wandered off to James Brown's Place, which was a great decision in retrospect. James Brown's place was easy to find. There's street parking and an adjacent parking lot. It has that hole-in-a-wall feel and there isn't much to look at. However, what it lacks in aesthetics, it makes up for in character. While others would call it cramped, I would describe it as intimate and cozy. I was promptly greeted by the waitress who sat down next to me to go over the menu. As busy as it was, she took her time with explaining the menu and her recommendations. I never felt rushed to order. I like the menu at James Brown's. It's varied, but not overwhelming so. They have daily/weekend specials that are printed and attached to the menus. I ended up ordering the "Atlanta Heap", which actually tastes better than it sounds. It consists of fresh peppers, onions, ham, bacon and home fries topped with scrambled eggs. Nothing too fancy, but it was just what I was craving for - a simple breakfast. The food came out quickly and hit the spot perfectly. The food was not too salty or greasy.   The fun part was watching the cooks behind the counter work their magic. Frenetically flipping omelets with one hand while simultaneously cracking eggs open with the other. Very entertaining but also tiring. It was as if they were in perpetual motion. Overall I had a great first time experience at James Brown's Place and I anticipate many more visits in the future.
I hate to be the first to give this place a lower rating, but it wouldn't be honest if I pumped it up any higher than 3 stars.  I had high hopes for this place as Yelp showed only great reviews, but alas, it wasn't as grand as purported to be.  I'm thinking post-barhopping, this place is the shizzy, but then again, so is Taco Bell after a bender. We knew there might be a wait.  No problem, we're patient people. We got there, and there were just a couple guys ahead of us, so we thought we'd be seated fairly quickly.   The waitress, despite the sign directly in front of the door saying they would not seat partial parties, went ahead and gave the guys the last open table, though they told her they were really a party of five but the others weren't there yet.  So, we ended up standing there for 15 minutes.  There's no real waiting area either.  You cram in and stand there by the front door as waitresses struggle to get in and out, as they do have outdoor seating.  That's no easy feat when you've got a two year old with you. Though at least three employees saw us standing there all that time, not one acknowledged our presence.  I found that a bit rude.  At the very least, a "hi, we'll be with you as soon as we can!" would suffice.  It's just good manners. Meanwhile, party of five was still sitting at their table waiting for the rest of their fam to show up.   Finally, three ladies got up, and a waitress came to bus the table.  She could not have possibly been any slower.  I really think they need a bus person here.  We were seated at the still wet table, and waited about 5 minutes for the waitress to come by and ask what we wanted.  I ordered an Atlanta scramble plate thing, which was eggs, ham, bacon, potatoes, peppers and onions all mixed up with a side of rye.  I wanted biscuits and gravy, but they were out of biscuits.  Hubby had a breakfast gyro,  Daughter had some of mine, but we did order her a natural bowl (yogurt, fresh strawberries, blueberries, bananas and granola), which she refused to eat, so we ate it instead.  They said fresh fruit, but the blueberries were not fresh.  They weren't bad, but thawed from frozen is NOT the same as fresh. Food came in about 20 minutes.  That's quite a wait for diner-like food, but there were only two guys manning the grill and the place was packed.  People just kept coming in and having to wait, that's how busy it was, so I can't really fault the cooks at all.  They were busting ass.  The food came out hot, and really wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about, either.  The home fries, which are not actually fried home fries (I hate when places say they have "home fries" but it's really just boiled then grilled potatoes), weren't terrible.  They actually had a bit of flavor and were cooked perfectly.  The rye toast wasn't toasted very well but the quality of the bread was good.  They do use that fake butter crap though (yuck).  The ham was very tasty.   The meals came to $25 for three of us, not bad, but not great.  And the seating really stinks.  Especially if you are unfortunate enough, as we were, to be seated by the restroom/basement door.  Every time someone opened that door, the stink of moldy basement hit us in the faces.  And since lots of people had to use the facilities, and the cooks had to run down there to get supplies, that door was opened a LOT.  Not pleasant.  I understand this is a dive, but that's not cool. I just wasn't that impressed all around.  Food was pretty good but the waiting, slow service, and smelly basement door action knocked it down for me.  I probably won't go back.  Sorry, James.  I gave it a shot!
BEST BREAKFAST I HAVE EVER HAD! This place is no joke. Total hole in the wall, found it on a whim on yelp and boy how glad my husband and I were that we did. This place is perfection. My husband got the andoullie (sp?) Omelette and I got the stuffed french toast. Sooooo good. I don't even like omelettes normally....I'm more your over easy textured kind of gal and I could not help myself from stealing bite after bite. Again...not a big stuffed toast girl but after reading tips about it on foursquare I figured i'd give it a shot and boy am I glad. We ate at this place a week ago, and even though Rochester is an hour drive, I KNOW we will go back. HUGE shout out to their waitress April that we had. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and incredibly sweet. She was on top of our every need. I think our bill was maybe $20?? And we left her a $10 tip...her service was seriously amazing. She even sent us off with a couple coffee mugs for free.   If you're ever in Rochester google map this, you won't regret it! :)
James Brown in the house! Literally. James Brown himself ran this greasy spoon like a mayor of a town, and this tight ship served up huge plates of food with a warm welcome and minimal wait. The prices were right on too, although probably to the detriment of diners' waistlines. The daytime menu consisted of big-as-your-face omelettes, stuffed sandwiches, and excellent baked egg dishes. Southern-style options included pulled pork (smoked in-house), and fried chicken. Definitely be sure to check out the wall decor.
It saddens me a little to give this place only three stars. I want to give it five because it is an awesome dive, the weekend breakfast menu is far more interesting than almost any other breakfast location in Rochester, and the service is always good. On paper, all the specials sound delicious but *sometimes* they just don't play out well. If you sit at the bar prepare to feel/smell like you took a bath in a deep fryer. Come to think of it, don't sit at the bar because the cooks are bashing their cooking utensils on the grill as hard as possible and complaining about waitresses messing up orders. This is normal stuff for a divey breakfast restaurant, I know, I just don't know if I want to sit that close to the action. Where ever you sit in the place, hope you are planning on going straight home and showering you because you won't be able to go anywhere in those clothes. Not a huge deal, but it is just compounded with how dirty the kitchen seems. I haven't totally ruled this place out as a breakfast option, but there aren't too many places that are much better in the area. If you know a place that has a great, unique weekend breakfast, let me know...
Amazing eggs Benedict omelet and Cuban eggs Benedict . We eat out a lot and wished we lived closer. Very reasonably prices to boot!
Unbelievably good diner food. Even more unbelievable for me is that I've lived two minutes away from this place for five years and only just stopped in for the first time last month. We went for breakfast on a Sunday morning at around 9:30 am. There was about a five minute wait (which quickly got a lot longer after we were seated - guess we just beat the rush). The portions are huge. They offer all the usual breakfast suspects, but that's just the beginning - their menu has a ton of creative Southwestern and Southern-style options. Chorizo sausage seems to be a favorite ingredient (no complaints here). Their website is up-to-date as of this review and lists all their weekend specials, which should give you a good idea of what the food is like. The setting is simply "classic American diner." You look around and could fool yourself into thinking it's 1950. Or 1920. Really, there's not much pre-Edison technology in the place, so pick the era you want to pretend you're in and go with that.
Growing up in Rochester... I never heard of this place. Upon a recent visit back home, a long time friend who is still a Rochester local suggested we eat brunch here. The place was packed... I think we got the last available table before a wait started to compile near the door. I was surprised with the extensive menu packed with sweet and savory choices. For example, my friend ordered the specialty egg nog french toast while I had the italian-style eggs benedict packed with sausage and spinach. One downside... the kitchen is an open grill/diner style set up. So after finishing my delicious bunch, I walked out smelling like the kitchen.
Came here at about 10:15 AM on a Sunday.  James Brown's has an old-school Rochester vibe to it, as the place is small, has numerous old photographs hanging on the wall, with wooden booths, a porch and '70s era slide-in lettering above the grill naming menu items.  Also, there is a low bar area overlooking the grill, where you can watch your breakfast being made while the grill guy/manager barks orders to the rest of the staff.  JB's is a bit hard to find for people who don't know Rochester well -- its on Culver near the corner of Merchants.  There is ample parking in a lot adjacent to the restaurant. I ordered the Eggs Michelle as well as some loaded home fries.  The Eggs Michelle contained two poached eggs on a think english muffin, smothered with hollandaise sauce, spinach, and mushrooms.  The sauce and gooey egg yolk gently warmed the vegetables, and the portions of both the vegetables, english muffin and eggs made for a comfortable, filling breakfast.  But the best part about this breakfast is the loaded home fries.  Big, warm chunks of seasoned potatoes draped with a worcesterish smooth brown gravy and melted cheddar cheese.  Probably the best home fries I've ever had.  If you make it to James Brown's for breakfast, do yourself a favor and order some. Overall, the breakfast food is as good as it gets in Rochester.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is friendly.  Five stars.
I am so bummed about this place.  I have been their two times and have yet to see what all the hoopla is about.  I am not going to give up.  I love how this is a legit hole in the wall breakfast place.  They have an amazing menu, but I think i just order blah food for breakfast when ever I eat there.   The 2nd time I went there, i was starving and a wee bit hung over.  Actually, I think that was the case for both times.  I should have ordered the breakfast enchiladas.  I kept seeing those bad boys fly past me being delivered to other tables, and each time i thought to myself, "Damn you Lucin, you picked the wrong thing again!" I am not giving up, I have a good feeling I will hit the breakfast jackpot next time i eat there!
The food here is always good.  We eat breakfast here a lot when we are in town.  However, the service was so unbelievably bad yesterday morning, even though only three tables were occupied.  No waitstaff was evident as we walked in.  I could hear loudish talking toward the back of the restaurant.  We waited for a bit, luckily finding menus at the next table (maybe from a party that got sick of waiting and left?)  After deciding what to order, we waited some more.  The waitress finally stood up from the talky table and continued to go on about whether or not Jenny or Janet or someone is a real lesbian.  She came to our table right as I was about to suggest we go elsewhere.  OK, we'll stay, only because the food is so good.  A man walked in, and she sat at his table and talked some more.  Hopefully, she put our order in.  Oh good, our food came quickly.  She came back later with coffee refills, and my husband asked for a box and the bill.  She went back to the man's table and sat down.  Seriously?  The box and bill would take 10 seconds out of her talking time.  In the meantime, a contractor started cleaning the refrigerator vents with an extremely loud shop-vac at 9:00 a.m.--prime breakfast time.  I went to the bathroom (which is located in the hilariously cluttered basement) to escape the noise and hoped Talky McTalkerson would get it in gear so I could get the heck out of there.  When I returned, she was processing our credit card.  Just as I was getting my hopes up, landscapers walked in.  Oh no, Talky Talk Talks will not be able to resist the charms of the landscapers.  Cement pad... yard... ugly...what to do with all this?  Who cares, I need my credit card back!  She hastily wished us a nice day as she rushed back to the landscapers' table.  I may go elsewhere next time.
James Brown's is my favorite type of diner. Sit right in with James himself, watch the "Grill Gods" create masterpieces. Eat boatloads of freshly cooked scrumptious food. James has my vote for one of the best eggs Benny. He has like 7 different ones, yet I still go for the traditional. My boyfriend got the POS last Sunday it was one of the best thing I have ever tasted. You never know what James is going to put on the menu that Sunday but it is sure to be something scrumptious, and most likely unhealthy but totally worth it! Totally worth the wait. Just don't go around 11, that is when the church gets out right next door.
Best breakfast place in the city!! Sundays early or late is great timing to go, avoid the church crowd. Huge menu, great variety, everyone I have ever taken here LOVED it. Delicious and satisfying breakfasts. If the wait is long, try sitting at the bar, watching the cooks is so much fun! Good times at James Brown's, if you're lucky you James Brown himself may even come by the table!
I'd been here once before with friends, and I enjoyed it so when another friend suggested a list of places she wanted to try for breakfast I was all over JBP.   We got there around 7:50 on Saturday and it wasn't crowded.  The morning was warm and so we sat outside. We both ordered a special (they change every weekend), and it was delicious. The service was a bit slow - I am guessing it was a bit more crowded inside, and our server was training someone else.  Despite this everything was good.  And actually this allowed my friend and I to enjoy our time and have a leisurely conversation.   There's plenty of on street parking, and a lot between the laundromat next door and Johnny's.  It was easy to find (even for my directionally challenged friend!) This is a gem in Rochester, so if you haven't been there be sure to check it out!
We were looking for something different in a breakfast place so we decided to try JB's on 11-03-13. If you don't mind waiting it's well worth the wait. This tiny restaurant delivers when it comes to authentic dishes. The country MO FO is out of this world. Down home flavor with its unique presentation.   The chef gods were rolling out the dishes at great speeds while Mr Brown would mingle with the patrons.  I will be back to try other items on the menu. Got me wanting more. The only neg thing I can say about JB's is the cleanliness. They need to take some time and clean the place from top to bottom. Including the bathroom under the stairs. I'll certainly take my chances and go back for more.
No, the Godfather of Soul does not run this divey little diner on Culver, but it still has plenty of funk. The cafe's been in biz since 1998, and definitely has the feel of an institution. On a brisk November morning, there was a line out the door for Sunday brunch here, which featured tasty specials like Pumpkin-spice Pancakes and Monte Cristo Eggs Benedict (we tried both, with plenty of butter). We waited for about 20 minutes, but it was worth it. Inside, the place was packed, mostly with families and groups of young people, reading the Sunday paper over huge portions of eggs and semi-tasteless diner coffee. Service was prompt and polite, and owner James Brown himself even stopped by to close the door and keep us out of the draft. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the Rochester area and looking for a bit of local flava!
JBP is one of the best reasons to go visit the fam in Rochester. The breakfast/ brunch food is awesome, the service is awesome & the atmosphere is reminiscent of a real old time diner with a counter, and the kitchen behind the counter with cooks preparing the food right in front of you. When it's nice out they have a little set up of patio tables out in front. Also, prices are super cheap! The bill for the two of us for brunch with beverages - $12. Seriously. There's even a screen door on the way in. Too cute. Don't miss this place, Rochestarians!!
Food is amazing, always good service but gets crowded quickly. Never had a bad meal and the prices a pretty good for the generous portions you get.
Hands down the best breakfast food I've had in Rochester. Great service, solid portions and reasonable prices. Waitress was attentive early on, but faltered a little toward the end when coffee refills were in order. Owner was moving about the entire time, which was pretty cool. Would definitely recommend this place for a hangover cure. Parking on the right, past the main entrance.
I like to go into a place where the proprietor is right there ;) We had a great lunch there. The crab cake po' boy was very tasty, as was the pulled pork. This menu is quite expansive (pages long!) and there are many interesting things we would want to try next time.
My father first introduced me to this place sometime last year, but went again this morning. It's a small place but I never have waited longer than 10 minutes here. Service is quick, but would like more frequent coffee refills. But I see how hard the servers are working here so I don't mind too much. Food is OK, but not great. Had a chorizo and cheese omelette this morning. Mehhh. Not bad. My father's french toast did look good though. Thick slices and he seemed to really enjoy it. I guess I would expect bigger portions, but it's not like the prices are too high for what you get. Just not a super value. I might be spoiled with the diners I frequent in Syracuse. However I wouldn't tell anyone not to check this place out.
This place was great! the food was cheap and DELICIOUS! and by far the best chicken sausage I have ever had. If I'm ever in Rochester ever again I would go there just for that! Yummy!
It's a place that doesn't look like much from the outside, but has a nice old school feel inside. I never have waited longer than 10 minutes, as the service is quick and friendly. The menu is vast and delicious to boot. Nice to try something different each time I have been here. Spend 10 days in Rochester, with 6 trips here for breakfast.
Small, but the food is absolutely fantastic.  The bathroom is a little awkward since you have to go down stairs to the basement, and there is a table right next to the door. The menu is also impressive; large selection.
What more can you ask for?  Incredible diner food, cheap prices, weekend specials that change every week, and excellent service. The only downside is the wait - but if the restaurant were any bigger it would lose it's ambience!
Highly recommend the country mofo.  You might die early from a heart attack, but you'll die happy.
Awesome food, loses points on its service. I love James Brown when I'm seated at the counter or it's early in the morning. I hate it when there are loud fans running, a line out the door, swearing line cooks and sweating waitresses. I've waited for over an hour for food there before. On other occasions, however, service is quick and I can concentrate solely on the delicious food -- some of the best eggs benedict, creative specials, skillet plates around.
Great atmosphere, but don't ask to use the bathroom!  The basement will make you re-think about eating there.  Oh, and don't forget that we watched the cook, and our waitress, eating from the grill while cooking our food.  Like I said, great atmosphere, the food was good but wish I hadn't seen the rest and it would have been better!
Run don't walk to James Brown's place.  Serious, truly delicious comfort food prepared from scratch.   Friendly staff and laid back neighborhood vibe, this place is a gem.  It's the kind of unassuming great find that's worth going out of your way for.
James Brown's Place is a real diner with plenty of unique specials. The wait here really isn't that bad, but it was packed on a Saturday morning.  Our food was a little slow to arrive but that's to be expected considering how busy it was.  This establishment is also what I expect of a diner: a couple of guys behind the counter cooking at breakneck speeds and not screwing things up.  It's loud, it's busy, you feel fortunate to get a seat at the counter, and all of the other things you expect from a real diner. The menu has a ton of specials and I wanted to try them all.  Lots of diverse dishes like huevos rancheros, eggs luigi benedict (w/ grilled eggplant), strawberry banana granola pancakes, breakfast tacos, chorizo, etc.  This is a refreshing change of pace from most other breakfast places in town.   I had some eggs with chorizo, home fries, toast, and a side of cheesy grits.  The eggs were cooked perfectly over easy, the home fries are real home fries (not that deep-fried junk), and the chorizo was a nice patty of sausage.  The grits, however, were not good and were overcooked and glue-like.  Yuck. The food is good, the prices are reasonable, and the variety of specials are great.  Don't miss this one for breakfast.
Best place for breakfast in town. The menu is enormous and unique! You will have to wait and it's close quarters but well worth it. Just don't think about your cholesterol while you are eating!
Stopped in this morning...around 10AM, nice crowd, server suggested the Foster Sauce.  Worth it!   Good food, good price...a little hole in the wall.  Plenty of parking on street and in the lot nearby.
Great food and generous portions for a great price! Cook makes the food right in front of you and is always hustling. Staff was friendly and attentive.
Great spot for breakfast or brunch!  Ok spot for lunch.  Not the place to go when you are on a diet.
We just had a wonderful breakfast at James Brown's Place. I had the chorizo eggs and they were delicious! It's a great little dive with a lot of character. The food is good, the options are great. and the prices are low! I highly recommend this place as it is tough to find good local flavor in Rochester. Support local!!!!!
Maybe the other food is better, but what I had was awful (eggs and chroizo with homefries). The eggs were overcooked to the point of being tasteless and burnt. Worst part was that James put cheese on top of it all then sprayed water on the mess, then put a cover on it! The whole thing was almost tasteless and rubbery. It was actually the worst diner food I have ever had, and I really do like diner food. Maybe James was having a bad day but I was thoroughly unimpressed. Also, yes, it is dirty, the menu board above the grill is filthy and covered in grease and grime. I don't care about that as long as the food is good, but it wasn't.
Worth the wait - you can't get a better breakfast! The usual fare, plus many specials - I had a breakfast quesadilla and am already planning my next trip back...
We ate at James Brown's many times during our many years in Rochester - usually with another couple or a group of friends - and we loved it.  James is a great guy, too (and don't ever call him Jim or Jimmy).  The food is delicious, plentiful & reasonably-priced, lots of the customers are "regulars", and James is there to make sure everyone enjoys themselves (he also does some of the cooking).  On Friday nights during warm months, he sets up tables on the sidewalk and they're continually packed (that's fish fry night).  Thursdays & Fridays are the only nights the diner is open (from 5-10 p.m.); otherwise the hours are 6 a.m.-2 p.m. on M-F and 7 a.m.-2 p.m. on S/S.
We went there this morning for breakast and I had the Eggs Michelle. Seriously one of the best eggs benedict I've ever had. The waitress was AMAZINGLY and SUPER nice, which really set the nice and mellow breakfast mood for us. My friend ordered simple eggs and bacon, but there was not simple-tasting about them, we both agreed. They really made sure that you got your classic eggs and bacon. I definitely want to go back. I love their breakfast!
James Brown's Place has a huge menu filled with consistently tasty food. It's cheap, casual and has a soul all of it's own. Point taken for less than stellar service, even on slow days. Give it a try if you haven't.
This may be the best restaurant in Rochester. I went there at noon on a Saturday and it was totally packed--don't come here in a hurry. The menu is enormous, with an impressive range of creative dishes. I got the Eggs Esther Benedict--with eggplant and fried greed tomatoes--and it was amazing. The homefries were kind of bland and dense, but everything else was good. For diner food, it's not greasy at all. I have gone to very few restaurants in Rochester that had such a lively atmosphere and such unique food. Also, the servers were very nice, despite the crowd.
Tasty breakfast and friendly service. Be sure to ask your server for brunch recommendations: They have some specialty french toast that will make you want to lick your plate clean. I just wish that the food came out a little faster.
It is what it is, and if you can respect it for that, you will love it. First, expect a line. Second, expect chaos. Third, expect great food. If you have a chance, sit at the counter and watch the grill masters at work. It is amazing to see how two people can keep up with all of the tables and as quick as they turnover. Everyone from business people to college students go to this joint, so make sure to check it out.
No offense to locals, but I wouldn't suggest visiting this establishment if you're an out-of-towner. I love cheap, no frills diner food as much as the next person, but this food is not that. The hollandaise on the eggs Benedict tasted like a mixture of curry powder and chicken broth, and was so gelatinous, the English muffin underneath and essentially steamed itself into something like a paste. My girlfriend's French baguette French toast was no better--cold, undercooked and sadly limp on the plate, it wasn't even worth the cheap $3.50 price tag. I will say the place was packed, though the good people of Rochester must have more patience than us, as they didn't seem to mind the wrong orders and 45 min food delays that were happening to us all. Sorry James Brown but we have to bring your rating down a few notches.
You will not find a better breakfast spot in Rochester if you are looking for gut filling specialty plates. I have been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed. Staff if very friendly and prices are good. Dont go at the wrong time in the winter though, no indoor waiting room and it fills up quick!
I was so disappointed with this establishment. I had never been before and I took my friend here last week for a breakfast send off before taking him to the train station (after reading all the reviews on yelp for places in Rochester with great breakfast/brunch). The place was filthy, it was making me squeamish looking over the counter to the grimy in the kitchen area. We tried to keep an open mind and ordered, my friend getting a breakfast sandwich with home fries and myself getting the veggie breakfast tacos. Both meals were terrible. My friends "home fries" were just plain potatoes with no flavor, seasoning, or even salt or pepper. His breakfast sandwich was dry and came on a Thomas' bagel (I could see the bag of them behind the counter). My breakfast tacos were also disappointing with no fresh or interesting ingredients whatsoever (even the peppers were the soggy kind that came from a can). I wish we had gone somewhere else or even just stayed home and made a better breakfast ourselves.
We went to James Brown's Place around 9am on a cold rainy Saturday morning in April with our Groupon in hand. Our server got us quickly to one of the only 2 tables open, and handed us a menu and a 8.5x14 "Weekend Specials" sheet of paper, printed on both sides. On the back were the Lunch specials for the weekend, on the front the Breakfast and sandwich specials. She encouraged us to check the Specials sheet carefully because after tomorrow, there was no telling when, if ever, we'd be able to get any of them again. I ordered something (can't remember the name) that was asparagus, red peppers, green onions, tomatoes and (get this) lime tortilla chips all scrambled with 2 eggs. It came with toast and a side of beans and rice. For breakfast! Our server was right, I have no idea when I'll be able to get that again, if ever. My wife got the P.O.S. (pile of stuff) with white toast, home fries, sausage patties, scrambled eggs and sausage gravy. They were out of biscuits or she'd have ordered the biscuits and gravy. OH MY GAWD was this good food! I mean it was incredibly creative, full of flavor, and plenty to fill us up. And incredibly inexpensive. We could have easily had breakfast for under $10 (for both of us), but ours came to $17 with tax. Our server was very pleasant and likable, though she brought me coffee instead of hot water on my refill and I killed the loose tea I had brought with me by steeping it in coffee. Not a big deal, though. As we were finishing up, James Brown himself came in and had a seat at the counter near us. He asked if we had been there before, and we said we hadn't, to which he joked, "Well, with your server, you probably won't be back." I told him we had to come back to bring my father-in-law, and he asked why I didn't like my father-in-law. On the way out he dropped the jokes and thanked us for coming, and asked our names. We'll be back, for sure. And my wife thinks she's found her new Mother's Day Breakfast spot. Oh, and there IS a TV, but thankfully, it wasn't on.
Phenomenal. Delicious, great service; the perfect diner! Please open another just like it in Henrietta?
This was a go to spot while I lived in Rochester for four years. You will often find James Brown himself talking with customers around the place. His restaurant is amazing! Great southern style breakfast.
The food is good, but Crystal is the best. She's efficient and a little quirky, and that's exactly what I like in a diner server!
This place is amazing. Not only is the food fantastic it is very reasonably priced. The wait staff is friendly and easy going and there are always new specials to look forward to. I got the Breakfast Special P.O.S. XIII - P.O.S. stands for Pile of "Stuff" the waitress explained with a cheeky smile. Home fries covered in a choice of cheese sauce or sausage gravy, two eggs, and toast = breakfast nirvana. Others had and loved cheesy grits, home fries covered in chili and cheese, and perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs. The place can get crowded on the weekends, but there are some choice times to go in order to avoid lines. Highly recommended. Seriously - ya gotta love a place where the owner sits and chats happily with his customers or joins them at their table to watch some football!
Great breakfast food, and a really good atmosphere!  The best garbage plate I have ever had (and that is not even what they are known for)!
After hearing about what a great breakfast place JBP is, but never quite getting around to going, my wife and I finally went this morning (a Sunday). The service is impressive. Coffee, menus, and a great explanation of the multipage menu and weekend specials was very helpful to us. I can't remember the last time I saw so many good choices on a menu that I was forced to pick from 7 or 8 things that I would be equally happy with, and never has it been a breakfast joint. I had the Dixie breakfast, and the biscuits and sausage gravy, as well as the cheesy grits were excellent. My wife was equally pleased with her omelet from the specials menu. Forgot the name but it was loaded with vegatabes and she loved the grilled zucchini in it. So impressed, we decided to take one home for our daughter. James ( I have to assume it was him), warmly welcomed every one as they arrived, from his table outside by the door. Being one who tries to support local businesses over national chains, it is always great to see and reinforces why it is important to keep our money here in Rochester where it belongs. We sat outside and anyone who thinks that sitting in a public table on a busy city street in Rochester is somehow going to be like having dinner on the canal in Pittsford, needs to reconnect with reality. There's a laundromat next store, and exactly the people you expect use a laundromat in the city, walked in and out as we comfortably enjoyed our breakfast. Great food, great service, I see 7 or 8 more visits in my near future as we dig deep into that menu.
