Typical Hard Rock Cafe with a couple Canadian eats you don't get elsewhere.  Here's why it's not five stars: Waitress was short with us from the get-go.  I even tried to make eye contact and she just plain wouldn't look at us.  When I asked her to change the TV to my football team's game, she said something along the lines of "Oh no we can't do that, they're all connected to a master switch, so every TV has the same thing."  Except a DIFFERENT game was on over at the bar.  So she was either clueless or lied to us.  She finished her explanation by "oh we're all Buffalo fans anyway."  Does she realize she works in one of the most touristy restaurants in one of the most touristy areas in the Western Hemisphere???!! Food was all OK - burger and a sandwich for lunch.  My burger was dry-ish, her sandwich was good.  Just huge! Expensive as you would expect.  I think it was around $35 for two adults for lunch. The place is connected to a casino that we strolled through afterwards.  Casino was looked brand new.   There's also a Hard Rock club on the lower level with live music at an outdoor bar (an acoustic guitarist/singer) - really excellent.  If it was warmer we'd have eaten outside listening to the music! Be sure to take a walk on the green in front of the restaurant with benches, gardens, and nice views of the Falls!
Came in for a quick drink and appy between meals. About the poutines... Our waitress recommended the bacon one. One of us obliged. The other got shredded pork. Any real bacon was MIA and what was there was bits that made the poutine to salty and crunchy The shredded pork variety was probably a better texture experience (that bacon shred my gums) but it didn't compliment the gravy And the fries were frozen, not fresh... Try were stale and cold mid-meal. We had vouchers for free wine or cocktails. We went with Merlot and it was clearly a cheap house. Nothing worth finishing. So... We won't be back for meals.
The food was amazing! The bruschetta is amazing! The tomatoes, the cheese, the bread... Yum!!! I had the Mac, chicken and cheese and it was amazing!!!!! Creamy and stringy cheese, the spices on the chicken and the Mac was great. The staff were friendly for the most part, but I found that the host was a little off putting. The place is attached the casino and numerous other stores so don't be surprised when you see others walking around that don't seem to be in the restaurant as you can see the hallway from certain seats.
Nice enough. Same old. Staff friendly though and offered us advice of a place to eat that we were going to.
Barely above average pub grub. Kids menu is fucking expensive. Want an extra hot-dog with that hot-dog plate? That'll be a whole 9.99 for a farking hot-dog. 9.99??? WTF??? Never going back. Service is so-so as the server did not explain this ultra expensive hot-dog issue before hand.
You would think this is a tourist trap (and I mean, most Hard Rock Cafes are) but the service was actually very delightful. The poutine was delicious and sinful. The hamburger was cooked well, and the fries were perfect. I really enjoyed my meal here. There aren't too many dining options in the area, and this really hit the spot.
Somehow....we ended up crossing the bridge into Canada.  By sheer accident.  Luckily, we all had our passports on us, so entering into Canada was quick and easy!  We had no destination in mind, but we didn't want to waste time randomly circling around the area.  We spotted the sign for Hard Rock, so just decided to stop for a bite to eat there.   The restaurant is a typical Hard Rock, but it is a huge tourist trap here.  The prices are really high (like, 20 CAD for a burger!).  The drinks are a little more reasonably priced, but still more than you would regularly pay.  If you're fine with that, then you'll be fine eating here.   The one draw of this Hard Rock is its location.  It's, literally, across the street from the Falls.  The view is awesome on the Canada side, so be sure to check that out if you find yourself here.  It's also part of the casino complex and has a lot of different stores and hotels in the same vicinity Note: The parking fee is $20 CAD, but you can get it validated in the casino.  I think you have to get a players card or something, but it'd be worth it.  I was not aware of this, so just thought I'd spread that tidbit of info.
This place is truly bad. The other reviews are being generous when they say the food is passable. $10 for a beer? okay fine. I get this is a tourist trap. $20 for a microwaved burger!? are you nuts! ... go to the burger king around the corner for better burgers. I kid you not.
The food was amazingggggggg!!!! The appetizer was mouth watering and tasted great!! Will definitely be coming back here on my next trip!
No no no. Not good. To start fire alarm kept going off so had light flashing in our eyes. Kids burgers ok but Mac and cheese inedible. The sauce was grainy and cold. My burger was good except bun was stale. My wife liked most of her shrimp pasta except it was cold, obviously sitting in window a while. Once our food was served no one came near us. My family finally left and I waited another 10 minutes for waitress to come give me the check. No idea where she went. I asked the bus boy at one stage who said he couldn't help me. $104 for a burger, pasta and 3 kids meals. Avoid unless desperate.
This restaurant is in a GREAT location! Sits right next to the Falls. After having done the Maid of the Mist, we walked here for a late lunch. Love the fact that they had outdoor seating, and a fabulous guitar player/singer!! It was a fun, relaxing atmosphere. Couple of problems here: the Cost - everything is VERY expensive here. A simple burger, $20. A chicken sandwich $20. A pulled-Pork sandwich, $20. You get the point. For three of us to have lunch was $75, withOUT tip. ARGH. Now, i guess I wouldn't mind paying that if the food was really out of this world, but it's NOT. It's no better than the $7 Chili's burger down the street! And to top it off, it was nearly an hour from the time we ordered until the time our food came. now, I didn't complain at the time, because to be honest - we were enjoying ourselves.... just sitting outside, having a beer, listening to live music, fresh air (and Falls mist).. it felt nice to sit down and enjoy vacation. But I was really disappointed in Hard Rock. For that $85 we could've gone up in the Skylon, or done another attraction. I say save your money and go somewhere else. If you want Hard Rock souvenirs, by all means stop in the shop!! Lord knows we did! But, the food is mediocre at best.
I'd checked the reviews here before coming, and somehow wound up here anyhow. Those other reviews? They don't lie. A few things to note: 1. The waiting area is located between the kitchen and the rest of the restaurant, so as you wait for a table, you have to be careful to stay out of the way of wait staff delivering food that isn't yours. Annoying. 2. Once we were finally seated - they use a slightly longer definition of "minute" than I'm used to for wait times - drink orders took forever. I think the two glasses of water we asked for at one point took a good ten to fifteen minutes to appear. 3. Once we were able to order food, that took close to an hour to come out. 4. Service at the bar before eating was atrocious too - the bartender walked by us so fast each time that it was literally impossible to get her attention to order a drink. That's at least one more beer you could have sold me. 5. That burger was NOT worth $17. Next time, I'll either leave the casino to eat, or wait until I get home - none of this crap again.
Great location, and great atmosphere.  I am not sure if this is a fair review since it was takeout but I will put down a few notes. -As I mentioned the place is clean and has an atmosphere where you want to eat here. -When calling from the hotel to ask about takeout they person answering the phone said "Thanks for calling the Hard Rock Cafe, How can I Rock your world" very strange -They would not take a phone order, I had to walk tot he restaurant and go to the bar to order -The menu looks extensive and many things look good to try -The Bruschetta was $12 (which we got) , it hit the spot but was nothing special I find most reviews or all Hard Rock Cafes are low, I find them all in high touristy ares so the low reviews surprised me and make me wonder if we should go t a Hard Rock Cafe again in the future.
Probably little variation between this Hard Rock and another in terms of food and decor, though I've never been to one before, at least not that I can recall.  I was here for a pre-wedding rehearsal dinner of sorts.  They had set aside a nice little room for us and the waitresses were friendly and helpful.  I thought they could have done a better job with serving food timely and together, but I understand how hectic groups can be. Had salad, grilled salmon and apple pie set menu.  I thought the food was all fine. Of special note - the mashed potatoes just tasted soooo calorific, filled with cheesey gooeyness.  Apple pie was really delicious, but definitely very sugar-filled. Sports or music videos played on the many tv screens across the restaurant.
I accidentally gave this place 1 star, but really it should've been zero. Can't quite comment on the quality of the food because the host/hostess didn't bother to show up to the entrance for 15 minutes. In fact, there was another couple ahead of my family and they had waited for 5 minutes prior to our arrival. Why did we wait so long? Well, given the other choices of primarily kid/teenage themed restaurants on Clifton Hill, we felt that Hard Rock was a pretty decent option. However, it was unfortunately a waste of time. In fact, the waiters walked by at least 3 times and after the 3rd time, one of them gave us a look to "go away." Not necessarily in a rude way, but more of a suggestion to us hungry folks that we were simply wasting our time. Note to Sheraton on the Falls: please don't recommend this place to any of your patrons if you want to maintain any credibility. Thanks.
Went to Hard Rock Cafe for dinner one night and was ready for a fabulous meal. I was left wanting more. We were seating pretty fast but after 10 minutes of nobody coming to take our drink order i had to find somebody that would get us our drinks. I ordered the Shocktop beer battered fish and chips. It was just okay. I actually got sick of it before i got full. The fish was hot and fresh but just not such a great taste. My husband got a burger which he said was pretty decent but we both agreed after that we should have ate a different location.
The food was terrible and the service was bad also. I had better food and service at the denny's acrossed the street from my hotel.
Food was decent (I got the California Burger, my girlfriend the Smokehouse Chop Salad) but everything else was disappointing. My Server was nice but a disaster, brought us the wrong drinks, didn't split the bill correctly with our other friends and was very slow, even though the restaurant was not busy at all. The layout was very odd, I had to squeeze behind a chair and pillar to get to my table at the far end of the dining area. Food was way too overpriced, even for being a tourist destination. Many better options for dining in the Clifton Hill area of Niagara Falls.
we're from california. vacationing in niagara falls. so we stopped in to order a shooter and collect a shot glass. aleks, the bartender was terrific. made a suggestion for my shooter, and it was pretty good. the cafe is ho hum. no HARD ROCK CAFE on the wall, no HRC-Niagara Falls, Ontario anywhere at all. music videos on the monitors didn't show the name of the artist/title of the song. really strange. very much a let-down. very anti-climatic after a very long walk from our hotel. the cafe is ho hum. no HARD ROCK CAFE on the wall, no HRC-Toronto anywhere at all. there was no music videos on the monitors. music in the air but just HRC ads on the monitors. very much a let-down. very anti-climatic after that long drive in heavy traffic both ways.
Average food, kind of pricey and very busy. Although given the location, that last part should be obvious.
Took the in laws there for a bite to eat because my better halfs dad is a huge music buff, we ordered beers, he had a corona in which our waitress 'Zoe' spilled a bunch of beer pushing the lime in and still served it to him, she was very absent most of the meal tending to a bachelor party. With that being said, this isn't a place for families, super drunk women wearing next to nothing were pushing past 12 year olds to stumble to the bathroom. Drunk guys walking by yelling at different tables, etc. Wasn't as classy as I figured, my first time and will be my last st that location, I won't let one location ruin it for the rest. 1 star because of the memorabilia. Food was average at best.
If you like BBQ then do try the "Shang Hi" sandwich. My GF had the "Chicken Quesadilla" and she liked it as well. I must say the food here was much more tastier than the HRC in Atlantic City (that we had some summers ago). I wasn't expecting much so was pleasantly surprised. The prices are high like the rest of the places around here. The waiting staff was friendly and the wait time was reasonable. Recommended at least once especially if you have never been to a HRC before. PS: There is live music on the outside but it was too hot; but that guy was singing really well :)
Save your money. One star for the people being nice, but the food was pretty bad.
Food was terrible! Clearly the cheeseburger came out of the microwaves and costed 18 bucks - should be reported to their headquarters. Save your money and time.
So disappointing.  Probably deserves two stars for the food (the hamburger was passable) but it's ridiculously expensive, service is terrible, it's crowded and just blech.  Try KouTouki if you eat in town.  So much better than this place and much worse than other HRC that I've eaten at.
I will not return here.  Have been a fan of hard rock cafe restaurants but this place was more than disappointing. The service was almost non existent and food that was served was cold. The salad was a disaster too with hair.( yuck). Overpriced for the quality of food and service.
Pricing was rather high, however, this is not surprising considering the location.
After doing the Maid Of The Mist Boat Ride and having lunch at the top of the Skylon Tower... And of course there is the one quick stop that ... I have to go to and that would be no other than the Hard Rock Cafe Of Niagara Falls the Canadien side... Its my first time ever that... I made a quick stop to this Hard Rock Cafe of Niagara Falls  Canada... And I can't leave this cool place without buying myself some HRC souvenirs for myself... After that, I have to run back to my tour bus before it leaves for Toronto, Canada....
Since Niagara Falls is pretty touristy we ended up at the Hard Rock Café for lunch. It was actually pretty awesome! Our super nice server chatted with us the whole time and we had the best nachos there. Overall, I would usually steer clear of a place like the Hard Rock but the service was great, food was good, and the restaurant was spacious and clean. Food is totally overpriced but what do you expect?
For what the price is here, the food is crap.  And I have eaten here about 10 times, but primarily to have drinks.  Pulled pork sandwich was burnt to shit, burnt stirred-around pork and black bits inside.  Ribs were dry and not warm.  Warm cole slaw.  Slow to get extra gravy for mashed potato, hair in the gravy.  I got a gristleburger, or maybe it was a sinewburger...again, another "must-miss".  Advice: go there when on the company credit card for entertainment and drink only and maybe have an appetizer they can't mess up 100%.
So, we had just gotten in from a trip from Boston.  It was 9:00 PM and we were hungry.  Luckily for us, we received a voucher for two free drinks at the Hard Rock.  They said you needed to use them at the bar, so we checked with the hostess before we were seated.  She said it was fine if we used them at the table. We sat down and ordered our drinks.  They came within a reasonable amount of time and ordered dinner. I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich and my fiancee ordered a quesadilla.   -Mine was ok, pretty salty, but what do you expect for a chain?  The fries tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for a few hours.  Definitely not worth the $18 they were charging for it. -The quesadilla was fine.  Also, not worth whatever they were charging (I think somewhere around $15) We got our bill and were informed that the voucher we had wasn't valid for the drinks that we ordered (which were the only drinks printed in the menu).  The voucher said that it excluded "premium drinks."  When I see premium drink, I think top shelf booze, not the standard drinks printed in the front of the menu.  The manager came over, said that they had a lot of problems with the vouchers and confused customers.  She offered to comp one drink, but nothing else.  She also tried to put the blame on us for not telling them we had them (which we did, to the hostess, but I digress). Not worth the nearly $50 (+tip, our server was actually alright) for a quesadilla, pulled chicken sandwich and a drink.
i am going to keep this short and to the point.  If you have a family with young kids this is not a stop for you.  there is not a kids meal under $9.99.  that is dissapointing.
fire hazard from beind sooo crowded.  had the burger... cook well done like jerky.
