PREPARE TO STAND! THERE IS NOT SITTING! This one is...Ok...It's nothing spectacular. You basically go into a room where they have you stand with nothing to lean on and they show you a cartoon about how the falls were created (Well they try to...they really don't show you how its created...)...you are then moved into a room with a moving platform and you basically experience a thunderstorm....I found this part very disappointing, as those who have experienced 360 degree movies before will know how interesting they can be, but this one the images didn't match up and it was super annoying. I found it so stupid how where they show you the movie there was no bars to lean on or anything as well as how they shuffled people around. They did one group at a time, but there is basically three rooms...They could easily have people go into the area before the cartoon while they wait for the other groups, then move them into the room with the cartoon, and then the Fury, and have you go approximately ever 10minutes, rather than every 30 minutes....If anything you can get more people through, and the waiting shorter....
Starts out with a movie that tried to be Disneyesque--it stars a stereotypical cutesy beaver child, wise owl guide and funny moose--but we did learn a few interesting facts among all the eye-rolling nonsense.  One was that the falls probably formed in a matter of days when what's now known as the Niagara River dug through the solid surface rock that forms most of its bottom and hit a huge soft area that crumbled away and made the falls very quickly.   The silly movie was followed by being led into another room to watch a "4D" movie in which we got fairly beautiful views of the falls from all angles, unfortunately accompanied by being snowed on, rained on, shaken, and surrounded by loud thunder and lightening. I don't recommend this if what you want is to learn something.  If you're bored (is that possible at Niagara Falls?) or have a little time to kill, just know what you're getting for your money.
This 4D experience would be the coolest thing ever if I were a 7 year-old. But, I'm not. Pretty much you watch a 10 minute cartoon clip about the creation of Niagara Falls. Then you put on your poncho and enter the 4D room where they sprinkle soap bubbles and spray cold water at you. It would be wise to wear flip flops or sandals for this event because your feet will get wet. Overall, I would not be willing to pay full price for this attraction, but if it's in a bundle package then go for the experience. Especially if you are with younger children, this is something they might enjoy. Good event for kids.
Not worth it.  Fury is such a misnomer.  Cheesy story with a beaver and owl because why?  Doesn't really tell you much other than "erosion happened."  Ends with a 360 view of the various stages of the erosion with some water being sprayed on the crowd for some cheap thrills.  Save your money and pass.
This was included in an Adventure Pass along with a boat ride into the falls, the Behind the Falls self-guided tour and some other attractions. It was easily the most disappointing thing we did in Niagara Falls, possibly because we got close to the falls in person before doing it. It's a low-fi virtual reality thing with a twee animated film that might entertain those with an age in the single digits, but offers little to older kids or adults. As noted by another reviewer, it's all standing and getting soaked by a low-quality virtual recreation of the falls, when you can experience the real thing yards away. I loved our short visit to Niagara Falls, but "Niagara's Fury" is a tourist cash-grab of the lowest variety, and I can't recommend it at all.
If you get the Niagara Fall package deal (JBF + NF + Butterfly + 2 day bus), only go for this if you have spare time. Otherwise, it does not worth a penny to watch a 10-min boring cartoon and stand on a shaking platform for 5 min with water pouring at you. I believe Niagara is more furious about how human beings pollute mother earth by wasting all these raincoats. FYI. There are 3 "dry" spot on the platform if you don't want to get wet (ask the staff).
There's something deeply absurd about putting on a raincoat... then walking into a room to get rained on... in an effort to feel like you are experiencing the Falls... when the Falls are right there! The cartoon at the beginning is truly dumb - they spend half the time explaining to kids how they are not going to learn anything in THIS cartoon, then they try and teach them something, but the narrative is completely disjointed and ends abruptly.  As such, they are true to their word - you will learn nothing by watching this but you may laugh out loud at the irony - I know I did. The saving grace is that the ride is technically interesting - you do in fact get rained on in a room, which I would imagine is not an easy feat to implement.  Plus, you will be able to laugh for years with your family and how dumb this whole experience was, and that's worth something. Two stars, go to Cave of the Winds to have this experience for real
This is just okay; don't bother unless you have nothing else to do! The explanation of how the Falls were created was poorly done (a sometimes amusing cartoon that was really only aimed at children and wasn't very informative). The interactive (so called 4D experience) is poorly done; the surround screen images did not match and we were soaked at times, which can be fun but the overall experience was cheap. (Like much of Niagara Falls). Pity, it could be a really great experience!
Very neat, you will get wet! The movie beforehand was cute, similar to Ice Age. We weren't expecting as much theatrics as we got. I had never done a 4D movie before and I look forward to finding more to see. There is no sitting except for a couple handicapped benches in the first room, but that's all part of the experience. Would recommend it for kids and kids at heart.
This was very cute. You are handed ponchos also. First off, you are in a little theater to watch a 10 minute movie about a cute beaver and his journey in a dream. You learn a little about Niagara falls. After the movie, you go through the doors and stand in another theater where you view another movie in 360. The ground will shake, there will be water, there will be wind, there will be loud sounds, and foam may get into your eyeball because it got into mine. A small kid around age 5-6 was so scared, she had to leave with her mom during the beginning of the fury. Don't waste your money if you have young children and if they get scared easily. Definitely don't pay for this unless you have purchased the Niagara falls attraction package where you are saving money in general. It is something to see at least once in your life. Very short attraction.
Niagara's Fury is a little more juvenile than its advertising would lead you to believe.  A chipper little Canadian beaver explains how the Falls were formed in broad, generic, first grade terms.  The explanation is more concerned with being cute than academic.  But the little beaver really drives his point home when he leads you into a 4D movie to experience what its like to get engulfed by the Falls.  The experience may be different depending on where you're standing.  I somehow wound up front row, middle and I felt like I had just fallen into a waterfall.  Between the wind, foam and buckets of cold water being dropped on my head I got the message. Tuck your bags under your rain coat, put that hood on your head and wear shoes that you don't mind getting wet.  Then enjoy the experience of being attacked by a waterfall.  I have to say, when it was all said it done, I was amused by an Imax movie that engulfs you in its wildly, wet world.
I saw this because it made more sense to get the package deal when going to see Niagara Falls (for $20 you get admission to the Journey Behind the Falls, Niagara's Fury, and the Butterfly Conservatory).  You watch a 10 minute movie about how Niagara Falls was created (very kid friendly) and then are asked to put your poncho on (they are provided to you) to walk into another room and you are simulated as if you are riding the waves and going over the falls yourself.  You do get wet!  It's not an incredible experience, but definitely a fun little thing to do if you're touristing in the area.
This one's a disappointment and falls under "Tourist Trap". Advertised as "4D" it's anything but. In short - and I DO mean short - you start with a 10 min cartoon explaining how the Falls were created. You're then led into another area where you "shake, rattle & roll" and get a bit wet as you visually - via 2D movie - flow with the Falls. Suddenly the show's over and you're led into a gift shop wondering why you wasted your money on this dud.
A nice add on to the Adventure Pass, but certainly not a must see. As others have noted, there is a cartoon intro, followed by the 4d-360 degree movie. The biggest disappointment was they have you supposedly going over the horseshoe falls-at that time you should really get wet, but still just a little sprinkle. Why even bother with the rain garb? Kids will like it, but no adult will be too thrilled.
Wow, what a waste of $60 ($15/adult)!  Supposedly it's an "interactive", 4-D experience which educates you how the falls were created, witness Niagara's "fury" and let you see the falls like you've never seen them before.  What a load of bull. Located at the top floor of the Table Rock building, it was the most boring 20 minutes of my life.  Before the "ride", there's an animated pre-show film about a beaver named Chip who has to write a paper about how the Falls formed.  Yeah, Chip's cute and the video was semi-interesting, but the ride completely failed.   After the film, everyone is taken to another room where everyone stands on this metal platform with water flowing underneath.  Once the "ride" begins, the temperature drops 20 degrees or so and light fake snow falls.  The ride claims that you might get wet, but I don't think so.  No one was wet when we left.   It was just a waste of money and time - go on Maid of the Mist instead, much, much more exciting!
This is yet another of Niagara Fall's plethora of tourist traps. While the falls themselves are beautiful, you're pretty much out of luck if you want and sort of cultural stimulation while you're there. Anyway, I went to Niagara's Fury because it was included in the combination ticket I bought. Here's a word of advice, if you're considering buying the Adventure Pass because it sounds like a good value, don't. Buy a ticket for the Maid of the Mist, and save on all the other garbage they try to throw in there. Onto Niagara's Fury itself. If you haven't already gathered this from the other reviews, it's a 20-minute movie with some water thrown in. It's supposed to show the history of the falls, but to me, it more demonstrates the city of Niagara Falls' integrity. The movie is just a time filler. It's a low-quality, kitschy rip off. It's not fun or interesting at all. It's not worth $1, let alone the $15 they try to charge you if you don't have an Adventure Pass. Save your time and money.
Since there was not an option to leave zero stars this "adventure ride" gets one star. Seriously Canada...can we say Epic Fail, eh? I only went on this "interactive" (try more like inactive, yawn inducing) ride because it was included in my pass, which made it about $10 for me. I think Niagara's Fury should be paying YOU to experience this lame excuse for a waste of money (I read somewhere it cost $7 million to create). Okay, so you do learn how the falls were created in their 11 minute animated video, and honestly this was the highlight of the fury. Afterward as others have stated you go into a separate room to "experience the falls as never before!". This was a snooze fest! The platform shakes a little like it has mild gas, there's "snow" (which is really dish detergent so don't eat it!), and it never got 20 degrees lower in the room as the ad promised. After 3 minutes of watching a 360-view of the falls, you exit and put your extra dry raincoat in the trash. Nope, we never got wet and we were in the front. Bottom line is, if you're going to waste money in another country...get a lap dance...or you know go to Louis Tussand's wax museum for some much needed giggles (have you seen this guy's wax figures?!).
Oh my.   Location: 4 out of 5 Saving this attraction from infinite face-palming is the fact that it's in the welcome center.  Everyone probably ends up at the welcome center one way or another (Table Rock).   Price: 2 out of 5 Good lord.  Even as part of the package price that includes Journey Behind the Falls and the Botanical Gardens, it's steep.  I could see a full length movie and get a snack for 12 - 14 CAD, or I could go on this "interactive" experience for about 15 minutes.   Educational Factor: 1.5 out of 5 You don't learn that much as an adult.  What they do try to teach is dumbed down and has large informational gaps.  Kid won't learn much because they'll be too entranced by that fat-assed little beaver/chipmunk.  The interactive experience wasn't "educational."  It was a poor attempt at a moving ride. Fun Factor: 1.5 out of 5 The platform in the interactive experience moved.  There was fake snow.  My girlfriend actually got pretty wet because of the water shooting from the ceilings.  There was mist.  But it wasn't fun.  As a matter of fact, it was so loud in there that about half of the kids under 8 who went in there had a terrible time, had to be led out by their parents, or covered their ears the entire time. Overall: 2 out of 5 (generous) Skip this, unless you truly can't think of anything better to do.  You'll learn more and get to see more by walking outside, looking at the falls, walking down to Rainbow Bridge to see the American Falls, and then driving up to the whirlpool area.
One of the newer attractions at Table Rock. The cartoon they show at the beginning is very much for younger kids, with a talking beaver explaining the origins of the falls (colorful graphics), but the second part of the attraction isn't recommended for children under 6. They should do a little fine tuning of the second part of the attraction and make the whole thing for families with children aged 10 and under.
This is a combination of two things, a cartoon as well as a visual and physical demonstration of how the falls were created. The cartoon follows the creation of the falls thru the perspective of a young beaver, who is in school and has to write an essay about how the falls were created. This is a very well produced cartoon that talks to both children and adults. After the cartoon is over, you go into another room, where, wearing a rain poncho, you see a screen that visually shows the creation of the falls. It starts out with snow from a snow machine hitting you, to simulate the ice age and proceeds to rain and lightning. You will get wet here. We got wetter here than we did on The Maid of The Mist. Tip: go into the center of the room, you will be a little dryer.
For me and my party of four....we really wish we would have read the reviews on yelp before doing this. It was a party for four adults. However, we were looking forward to really learning how Niagara was created (should have just went to the free information area at the beginning of the park) and we thought we would enjoy the 4D part of the show. WRONG! The how Niagara was created is a cartoon and really never tells you how the falls were created. I was more confused after watching this short cartoon. Then the 4D show just uses some fake snow (soap bubbles) and lots of water. The screen on the show is not very big. It may have been better if it was more IMAX size. I would say overall just do the Maid of the Mist boat ride and take advantage of the free information.
Awesome experience! Go to the Visitor Center and get this attraction package along with Maid on Mist boat ride.  Worth it.   The movie is kid friendly, but the main 4d attraction is when you go into an auditorium and experience live cold, snow...followed by rainstorms with awesome visual graphics.  ITS FUN ! Went with large group, and this was one of the best parts everybody had on trip. Four out of five, since its bit short.   Only 10 minutes or so.
Cute for kids, not so much for adults.  But if you have little kids that won't be too afraid, it's worth the experience.
Ok.. yeah.. it wasn't good.. I really didn't learn how the falls was created and I wouldn't of gone if it wasn't part of the Adventure pass.. but it's a touristy thing.. With that, I am okay with it..
We got tickets to this attraction as part of a larger tour. I thought it was cheesy but some of our party enjoyed it (no kids in our group). Kids may like it because there is a movie and water which splashes on you. As for educational? Meh...
We went to this as part of the winter package. The beaver movie was ok. Geared towards young kids and didn't say too much how the falls were formed despite the title. Then you go into a round theatre and get splashed and snowed on. I actually thought that was fun. Pretty views and neat effects. Not bad but probably wouldn't pay separately.
Pros: Begins with an entertaining cartoon describing the creation of the falls followed by an in-depth 4-D experience of the falls creation. Cons: N/A
Don't waste your time on this 15 minute animated movie (go watch ice age instead).  The interactive experience lasts another 10 minutes... it makes much more sense to just hop on the Maid of the Mist and experience the falls in real life.
It's a fun little show. Part of the Adventure Pass.
Animated movie is entertaining for kids. I dont know why they call the movie 4D if there is no 3D involved, I would call it 2.5D as it had a moving platform and the water effect but needs more to be called 4D.
Not overwhelmed by this at all. A good effort but for the price and the limited time of the show it falls short. Would not recommend for small children: too loud and scary.
we only did this because it was included in the pass, and we were there after journey! it was cute, geared more towards kids, reminded me of a disney world type of attraction
