So we came here to try to watch Monday Night Football, thinking it was more of a bar. Well, I think there was a TV in the bar area, but the place was so much nicer than we expected. We arrived for a late-ish dinner, and were seated in the dining room immediately. You could get a prix-fixe 3 course dinner or go a la carte. We chose to go a la carte, but we first started with a beer flight. There is a brewery attached to the restaurant, and I thought it was cool you could see into the brewery portion from the dining room. The beer we had was good, but nothing jumps out at me as being very memorable. We ordered a sandwich and poutine to share. The sandwich was fine, but the star of the show was the duck poutine. My mother is watering now just thinking about it. Tons of duck, gravy, cheese curds, and of course, fries. I highly recommend ordered a plate to share. I do want to note that this is far from the commercial Niagara Falls area on the Canada side, but it is well worth the short drive.
Amazing! Couldn't wait to share a well deserved five star eating! Went to so many terrible restaurants in Niagara Falls- I mean TERRIBLE. We visited this one on our last night in town and wow, did we score! About the Venue: Industrial feel High ceilings Love the Brewery in the back But Boxes- major eyesore About the Service: Sarah was our waitress and awesome Knowledgeable, friendly Took our challenge and knocked it out of the park Offered us wine samplers (cab sau and Pinot noir and merlot) And when one of us didn't love the samples, Sarah asked the bartender to best her own robe recommendation. Need I say more? About the Food: I had the Strudel salad appetizer 13oz prime with Mashed potatoes and veggies Vanilla bean Crème brûlée with gooseberry for dessert My company had a Mixed green salad A Rainbow trout entree And the same dessert The Strudel... Oh my. That warm, flaky strudel, filled with goat cheese and mushrooms, served on a bed of spinach ... Perfectly contrast with sweet vinaigrette reduction. AMAZING The Mixed green salad with blue cheese... had flavour and Intentionality too. A wonderful choice. As for the entrees- we were floored. My meat wAs cooked perfectly Vegetables were definitely in season And the mashed potatoes almost rivalled mine! I say, almost lol. The rainbow trout was light and lemony and a total delight. Served with risotto. My friend found the risotto sticky, i found it delectable but I do not like runny risotto. I usually don't like risotto at all, but I finished hers off! Dessert was the only underwhelming portion. Crème brûlée was good but not new and the gooseberries tasted thawed out. I recommend- the strudel entree and the rainbow trout. But the menu rotates so just go in! Extra tip- ask for Sarah!
The duck poutine was like disco fries on steroids. Highly recommend it!  Wife loved the cream of broccoli soup and the green salad. The red cream ale was my favorite beer they make. Server was super friendly.   It's a little off the main tourist area but if you like to get away from the trap it's the place to go.
My wife and I were staying in Niagara Falls, NY which is actually pretty dull/slum like. Our hotel suggested a steak house with a view of the falls, which were were pretty excited about.  When we got to the Canadian border, the border patrol agent very kindly told us that the restaurant suggestion they made "sucked" and that we needed to go check out "The Syndicate".  We pulled over, updated our Navigation system and headed on over. This place is more of a gastropub.  Small bar area but with a formal dining room.  The farm to table mentality is always a plus as well.  They had a nice selection of microbrews and the service was quick. I went with their lobster po boy and my wife and the mushroom gnocchi.  Our food was very pleasantly plated and the lunch portions were actually pretty generous.  The lobster po boy wasn't much of a po boy, it was more like a lobster roll(with mayo) but on a really high quality hamburger bun.   It was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had.  The fries off to the side were great though.  The Mushroom Gnocchi was delicious, plain and simple.   The dessert menu at lunch time didn't really entice us.
Wow!! Excellent find.  Great food. Great beer!  Was here on Thanksgiving and had their Turkey special.  Excellent salad with prosciutto and cheese.  Turkey was moist and tasty.  Stuffing and mashed potatoes well seasoned.  Vegetables fresh and not overcooked.  The pumpkin crewmen brûlée with a gooseberry was fabulous.  My wife had the braised beef and was also very impressed.  Grabbed a growler to go for our hotel room.  What a great diner after settling for the Outback on our first night in town due to being late. Highly recommended!!
Odd, but I spend a bit of time with my mother, and had not seen this place. The place on the corner seems to steal the attention. Using yelp to find a nice, mid-priced restaurant and heavy on the stars, we found our new favorite without having to go very far. I was with two of my aunts, one of which has a very difficult time walking and is wheel chair bound, and though I hadn't checked when making the reservation, the staff was more than helpful on the way in, not so much on the way out. Prix fixe was the way to go for us, though I would have been happy ordering from the bar menu. Everything looked decent enough. One thing I didn't understand was on the 3 course meals, some of them had a +3 or +4 next to the item on the menu. If you have a prix fixe price for a three course menu, it should be considered as a done deal, maybe an asterisk saying something could be worked into a prix fixed deal for a different pricing. Also, I left home under the impression that it was $20, the menu stated $22, and then these last minute price add ons...  I'm no pauper, but expect to be quoted a price and eat for that price, adding my own upgrades, if the restaurant allowed it. And now, the food. I can't speak for my Aunts, as one was eating limes, skin and all, and the other. complained, and I would concur, that the two ordering steak had their meat muddled onto the wrong plates. I had ordered trout, and I have ordered it from shore to shore, from every lake and river system. Usually, it's a rather small fish, butterflied and fried. My portion was much smaller than that, but was nicely done and plated over, the only thing I could say, was a glob of risotto and 2 lobster ravioli. I really enjoyed the fish, which looked suspiciously like a lower grade of salmon, glazed and brushed, cooked skin side down, and covered until left. The risotto was an abomination; gummy on the outside, and crunchy on the inside. All said and done, it was a pleasant experience. Everyone cleaned their plate (except for the glob of risotto). The extra star was lost for that alone, as most of the floor staff was lovely.
This place was recommended to me by a friend so I decided to come here for dinner with the boyfriend after we crossed the border and visited Niagara Falls. The ambiance is very nice in here.  It's casual but also classy.  I thought the beer here was a really good price! It was my first time in Canada and I really wanted to try the duck poutine because I never had it before. But then we found out the prix fixe was the same price as ordering an entree. So then we decided ordering the appetizer would be too much with a 3 course meal.  Prices were really good starting at $22 for a 3 course meal! Let's just say.. that is really awesome! I never go anywhere to get a 3 course meal for that cheap! Portions size are generous. Good thing we didn't order the appetizer because we were stuffed!! We both got the Chef's soup of the day which was Cream of Broccoli.  That was okay, I would have liked more cheese in it. We ordered the Farm to Table Slow Cooked Braised Beef and the Pork Duo. Both were very delicious and had a lot of flavor. Both entrees were very fresh and the meats were very tender.  For dessert we got the Strawberry & Raspberry Sponge Pudding and the Chocolate Praline Stuffed Crepe which were both very tasty. Couldn't have picked a better place to wind down and relax after an exhausting day at Niagara Falls waiting on crazy lines on 4th of July weekend. Service was quick and the staff was friendly.  Highly recommended. Definitely will come back if I ever decide to go to Niagara Falls/Toronto again :)
First off 22$ for a three course meal that actually was quality good tasting food is hard to come by in this area.  The food was fresh and wholesomely delicious truly farm to table.  The inside is pretty romantic but not super dressy.  Beer was good as well as mixed drinks.  The service was spot on!!!  If in the area definitely gives this place a try!!!
This place is awesome. Great food. Its my 2nd time here and i tried their lobster po boy dish again. It was full of huge chunks of lobster. I loved it alot the first time and i bought 2 lobster sandwiches from them on my 1st visit. Their soup with beef and vegetables is also good. Service is good too.
This place is lovely. We were told that it was going to be packed and we needed reservations. We came in and it wasn't too crowded. They have a nice selection of beer. I had the vanilla wheat. The duck poutine was the best we had on the trip (we had two). The burger was good, it probably would have been better if it was not so over cooked. I didn't realize it was a Canadian thing that you can't have a medium rare burger. Everyone else did the prix fixe and we pretty happy with it. No one was over the moon, but it definitely seems like the best option in the area.
It was an adventure just trying find this place.  We finally made it right before closing.  The main reason we went there was for the duck poutine and beer.  I was told that even though Taps and this place were sister restaurants, that they would have different beers on tap.  Since I went to Taps earlier in the day i was disappointed that the beer menu was exactly the same.  Luckily, the martinis made up for it.  Had the chocolate monkey (chocolate, banana) martini and icewine martini.  Both were good and unique.  As for the duck poutine that started this mission, well we were a little bit disappointed.  I know we arrived right before closing, so maybe that is why it was not up to snuff.  It was good, but there was hardly any gravy on it and not a bunch of duck meat.  I am glad I was able to try it, but kept thinking that this should be so much better.  My burger was fine and my wife's salad was excellent.  The ambiance is nice and our waiter was very friendly and helpful.
First off I have to say I rarely give 5 stars but the food we ordered was met beyond expectation. My boyfriend and I are from Philadelphia and we were up in Niagara Falls for the day. We looked up Syndicate on Google and by the reviews we chose this place. The reviews do not lie. The prices are very reasonable.  I had a ceaser salad which was really good . Fresh romaine,  parm, bacon, and it tasted like the dressing was homemade.  I then had the wings medium as an entree. I have to say, some of the best wings I've ever had. Hardly any fat, crispy skin, juicy meat and a perfectly accurate medium. The beer was also delicious.  Our favorite was the blonde which is comparable to a wheat Belgium beer but less bite. My boyfriend had the steak which tasted just like if  you bought from a Butcher and grilled it yourself. Tender and flavourful but not slathered in butter Great place. Service was also great. Very attentive. If your from the states and want to get out of the touristy area I would definitely recommend going here. Thanks for a great experience!
Visiting from Los Angeles, California, I was looking for the ultimate Canadian cuisine experience. I entered the country with unfair heightened expectations. However, The Syndicate Restaurant more than met my high demands, but exceeded them! Binging my family to this restaurant blindly based on a few online reviews was especially nerve-racking. A family, representing three generations. From young to old, we all loved our experience. Our experience began with Duck Poutine as an appetizer. I've had similar dishes, but nothing came close to this! A few of us don't even like duck, but we were all pleasantly surprised. The cheese, especially, set-off the flavor. I had the $22 Pre Fixe meal that was an extremely good deal. Courses: 1. Mushroom & Goat Cheese Strudel (Appetizer) I don't normally like Mushrooms, but this strudel was perfect. The strudels sat on a bed of a baby spinach like soft and flavorful croutons. 2. Farm to Table Cut Steak (Entree) For an additional $4, which is well worth the extra money! A generous cut of a succulent piece of steak glazed with extremely yummy Bourbon Peppercorn Cream. Baby potatoes and seasonal vegetables accompany this delectable steak. 3. Rich Chocolate Praline Stuffed Crepe (Dessert) Just the right amount and just enough subtle sweetness to satisfy my sweet tooth without overwhelming my system with any kind of sugar coma. This place is a legit microbrewery, so I bad to have a beer flight for the great price of $6. Beer Flight: 1. Taps Rye Knot Pale Ale 5% 2. Niagara's Best Blonde Ale 5% 3. Taps Vanilla Wheat 5% 4. Red Cream Ale They were all good, but the Red Cream Ale really stood out as the best one to me and others in my family agreed. I wanted to try another beer they had available, so I tried their Logger Lager, which was absolutely my favorite. I'm not big on hoppy beers, so take my recommendation for what its worth.
Got the pre-fixe dinner.  The food and beer was very good, but it did take a bit long to get our food.    If you're in Niagara and you have car, this is a place worth visiting for dinner.
Duck poutine, you ask?  I couldn't believe it either.  We ordered it just because... well, how often do you see duck poutine on the menu?  We were all shocked.  I don't like duck and my wife doesn't like poutine, but we both thought it was excellent.  As noted in the other reviews, after looking at the menu, the prix fixe was definitely the way to go.  That made it a little pricier than normal for us (we wouldn't normally have ordered salads and desserts), but it was worth it. All four of us loved the food we ordered (including my two teenage sons).  Plan for a leisurely dinner.
This is one the best restaurants I've ever been to. Romantic atmosphere, roaring fireplace,  outstanding food, and attentive, friendly staff. Our waitress, Allie, was a lot of fun and very helpful with both our selections and directions. Andy, the manager, was extremely nice and helpful. He stopped by our table a few times to check on us. Plus, 3 course dinner for $22!! I'm so going back when I come back to Canada. Did I mention great beer? They offered a 4 taster special of their brewed on premises beers. Everything is locally grown or produced. You can taste the quality. After reading all the great reviews, I'm convinced that the one bad one was written by an ex employee or competitor. This is a not to be missed meal.
We had a nice lunch here today after touring Niagara Falls. The duck poutine was outstanding. It was our first time having poutine.  We also had the Cesar salad and a mushroom gnocchi  dish.  All very good I would say this place reminded me  of an upgraded sports bar.  Super casual. We had to put our own tablecloths on the table and ask for utensils, etc., as the service  staff was a little unobservant..
Love this bar/lounge!! The atmosphere is great, service is great and the folks working here are very welcoming!! My family and I came here for lunch and we ordered a bunch of food, such as: Calamari, duck poutine, chicken potpie, lobster po boy and they were all great! I would definitely come back here again and yes I do recommend this place!
Pretty disappointing experience.  My wife had calamari and it was luke warm at best.  I had the burger and fries.  The burger had a good flavor but was not very hot and the fries were cold.  We sent the fries back and they brought out hot ones.  The replacement fries however were all small little pieces easier to eat with a fork.  They were hot though.  The beer selection was nice  and the menu looked good.  There was about 5 tables occupied with only one waitress.  Service was slow despite the lack of customers.  The best thing about this meal was the quality of the beef.  It looks like they want to have quality food but failed by delivering it slow and cold.
Excellent place to eat dinner and relax: although it's quite large the tables are far enough apart that it's not too noisy, and the service is great. The food is also excellent but the menu doesn't have a lot of options; in particular it's annoying that, if you want to order an entree, pretty much your only option is to order the 3-course prix fixe. If you want all 3 courses it's a great deal, but if you don't it's the same price for just the entree as for all 3 items. There isn't a lot of variation apart from that. The service is quite fast even when it's crowded, and all the people working there seem cheerful and to like their jobs. Overall it's a great experience.
My friends and I came here for the $22 Three-Course pre fixe dinner. If you're on a budget, this place is a great place to go to because you get an appetizer, an entrée and a dessert. But the quality of the food was a little lacking. Pork duo - The pork chop I got was dry and the pork belly I was looking forward to eating was barely visible. The service was great though. She was extremely friendly waitress and was very hospitable to all of our needs.
I loved it here! The waitress really knew what she was talking about, the food was fantastic. The New York strip loin was cooked perfectly. I couldn't have any drinks, but my fiancé said their beer was delicious. I will definitely be going back here!
During my last visit to Niagara Falls I was very, very happy to find Syndicate. I normally stick to the business in the Clinton Hill area, which are more along the lines of  chains, Syndicate was a great escape from that. Our food was delicious and very fresh. I had the Caesar salad which did not disappoint. Everything was very fresh and delicious. I must warn you, service is much slower than the norm in the US - order bread or something to munch on while you wait for your order.
I had mixed feeling about this place. Let me just start off by saying this... You have two options for dinner. One, order off the bar menu. Two get a 3 course meal for $22-$26. We were not that hungry so we asked how much it would be if we only wanted the entree and we were told it would be the same price. Weird. I decided to go for the 3 courses. I ordered a Caesar salad, braised pot roast, and a Crème brûlée. Are food arrived quickly. The salad was just ok, the beef was tender and tasty but the mashed potatoes that came with it was bland. The Crème brûlée was really good so it was a good way to end the meal. The restaurant was packed so I would recommend a reservation. I'm not sure if I will be returning to this restaurant, but I do have to admit that the prices are very good! For 2 people our bill was just over $40! Great deal.
Traveling with a family of 5 and looking for an unmanufatured meal that took us out of the main tourist drag of Niagra Falls, we fell on The Syndicate. It is an easy bus ride on the Red Line WEGO stopping almost in front of the restaurant. The pre fixe menu at $22 a person was a deal for our family. FYI there is a $4 upcharge on the pre fixe specials including farm to table steak and seafood, but well worth it. The family sampled all of the menu items and enjoyed them all. The $6 beer flight was a hit. A bloody cesar is also a must have as far as coctails. Appetizers were tasty, wings however were just ok. Main course (mushroom pasta, NY Strip, and Rainbow Trout) pleased everyones tastes, not an easy feat. The best part was the dessert selection ranging from a cheese platter (highly reccommend), crepe, and creme brulee. If you are looking for a reasonably priced restaurant that gets you out of the tourist drag, pick The Syndicate.
Small classy restaurant & bar attached to a craft brewery. But not too classy. Casual dress is fine and kids are welcome -- they even have a kids menu. The Niagara lager was very crisp and smooth. The $22 fixed price course menu is a great deal relative to all the touristy places in the area. And better food too.
Holy crap. So...this was the second to the last night in Niagara Falls, and I had been seeing a billion awesome reviews for this place, so we decided to head here for dinner (even though neither one of us was super hungry).  Although we didn't have reservations, and they were quite full, they shuffled things around and had us seated in 15 minutes.  Already, I'm impressed. Then...then we got the food.  DEAR LORD.  $22 for 3 courses, and it was DELICIOUS. I started off with a frisee salad for my appetizer, and it was scrumptious.  It might have something to do with the fact that I hadn't had anything green in 4 days (does wine count as a veg/fruit?), but the salad was light, refreshing, and the vinegerette didn't drown the lettuce.  For my entree, I ordered the steak, while my husband got the duck.  Both were a smidge over-done to our taste, but the flavors were incredible, and the portions were generous.  For dessert, I got the lemon curd something, and it was delightfully tart and sweet and perfect. But the best part of this place was just how *fun* it was.  Although we strolled in late (I think we were one of the last customers to be seated for the night), they treated us like we were one of the first clients they had for the day.  Our server was poliet, cracked a few jokes about Americans (we got that a lot) and was just charming without being overbearing or hovering.  The food was fantastic...and I'm still in shock over the price (seriously?!? $22 per person for 3 courses???  Are they mad?!), and the location was convenient, if not scenic.
The syndicate burger is one if the best.  There are two locations, one in St Catherine's and the first in Niagara.  The Niagara location has a brewery in the back and you can venture their to see it in operation through glass windows.  They pass some of the savings on by offering reasonably priced beers.  You can get a flight of beers to try them out and they usually have a unique flavored brew.  I got a pumpkin flavored one back in the fall which was very well balanced.  The IPA is the best, but that's my taste in beer.
Great place for dinner, both price and taste.  They offer a three-course meal for $22.  The main course steak I chose would have been well over $22 by itself in many other restaurants.  It was large, maybe 16 oz, and delicious.  The service was slow (the only reason it has 4/5 stars), not because the service was bad but because the place was extremely busy.  I was lucky enough to get seated immediately without reservation due to dining alone, so I was seated at the bar.  Other than being slow, the staff was wonderful, friendly and helpful while dealing with the chaos of tending the bar. Highly recommended.
It was our first time in Niagara Falls and we were very surprised by the general lack of restaurant variety in the downtown part of the city. After leaving over $100 for a 2 person dinner in Outback we were determined to find something good for the following evening. And so we did. Right after you are sat at the table you immediately get a sense of the love the owners have put into the place. It feels very homey and you can see where they make the beer. The service was A+ as well, even though the place was packed. The food was just amazing. We both had the $22 special dinner and we loved every single bit. We loved it so much we went there for lunch the following day as well.
Beer, food & service are excellent. I had the syndicate burger with fries and hop city ipa. Wife had the syndicate rye ipa. Air conditioning was barely on, but other than that it was great.
Came here two years ago and totally loved it. Adj I went again this time and was disappointed. Beer was good and atmosphere was good but food was not so much. I and my friend ordered the three course dinner and we had cream of chicken soup for starter, I had lamb and sausage for main and my friend had pork duo. We had chocolate crepe and raspberry pudding for dessert. Soup tasted ok but the veg chunks was too big for soup. In general I have it four out of five ad I don't mind chewing the potato chunk in my soup. The lamb and sausage roasted with beans was simply not tasty, vegs was just plainly grilled. The pork duo was ok, but nothing outstanding. From my previous experience I expected more than this. Dessert was good and the stuff was good but we waited a long time for our food. We got there pretty late, like 9:30pm ish and most people in the restaurant have already had their food served so the kitchen shouldn't be very busy. Anyway, the overall experience was not that great and I doubt I'll go back next time.
With a couple of teenagers in tow, we ended up here after seeing the mostly very positive reviews on Yelp.  In a nutshell, I think the praise others give to The Syndicate are undeserved. One has to be suspicious of any place that can offer 3 courses for $22; talent and quality ingredients don't come that cheap.  Our spinach salad was seriously over dressed with mostly vinegary dressing, no other flavour.  The main course, seafood bowl, with lobster & snow crab among a bunch of other oceanic ingredients suffered from tasting of anything.  I don't know how they managed to prepare such a generous serving of seafood without any flavour.  The creme brulé was the most successful of the evening but that's not saying much.  This is clearly a situation where the menu reads well, with ambitious offerings but the kitchen's ability falls short and cannot deliver.  That may sound harsh but accurately reflects our experience.  The burgers looked to be more successful, if you end up here, it's probably better to keep it simple. As many other reviews have mentioned, the service was seriously slow; we had to prompt our server several times for our order and the bill. The house brewed wheat beer was flavourful and refreshing.  I'm going to recommend you come for a beer but will be taking a chance if you decide to eat too.
I'm the type of foodie that'll give bonus stars if the food brought to the table are made with local, farm fresh ingredients.  The Syndicate Restaurant & Brewery has totally deserve its stars. Located off the beaten path, away from the touristy Clifton Hill, this hidden gem is located on Lundy's Lane, about 10 minutes drive away from the tourist trap.  (I MAJOR dislike eating in touristy areas). I made reservations for 2 for 7:30pm but was really hungry when 6:30pm hit, I decided to try my luck and see if I'll be able to get an earlier seating.  No doubt about it, we were seated right away. There are two areas you can choose--the dining room (more romantic/quiet) or the bar (more fun and noisy).  We sat in the former. Our waitress was very friendly and introduced to us the menu and beer selection (this is a brewery after all).  She also offered us the choice of their 3 Course Pre Fixe menu.  We decided on ordering from the regular menu but everyone around else went for the 3 course.  The portions looked HUGE and amazingly delicious for $20. We had the following - Corn Flour battered Calamari served with a Honey Citrus Red Cream Ale Glaze and house made Tartar Sauce ($9).  Very nice and light, the calamari complimented the sauces really well.  Very fresh tasting with a squeeze of lemon. Beer Mussels with Parmesan Garlic Creamy Sauce ($11).  The portion was a bit small but packed with flavours!  The mussels were fresh and the meat was plump.  The creamy sauce was simply divine and extra good dunked with a side of toasted baguette. Syndicate Chicken Wings with C'est What (aka Hot) sauce ($10).  Deep fried wings with no batter then smothered with their house made sauce.  The wings were big and juicy and the sauce was SPICY--I loved it though! Duck Poutine ($12).  THE STAR of the night!  Hand cut fries with house made gravy topped with duck confit and cheese curds.  This dish was an absolute FAVORITE!  The fries were nice and tender and all the flavours combined together was HEAVEN!  Its a rich dish I would say but  a nice cold glass of their Sinister Sams cut the richness. Overall, the food was impeccable and the ingredients were FRESH.  To remember the great food experience, we took home a Growler ($15 for a large glass jug filled with your favorite beer). And each time you bring it back, you can refill it for only $10. I can't wait to try their seasonal beers!
I had my first dinner at Canada here and it was an unforgettable meal.  It's a late review but I felt compelled to write it because I still miss the duck poutine here.  Came in pretty late with three other people, we were loaded up with all the crappy food you find at the rest stops.  We all got the prix frie menu as well as the duck poutine and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  I believe I ordered the butternut squash (or was it pumpkin?) soup which was rich and balanced.  For my entree I had the lamb shank which fell off the bone and was absolutely delicious.  All the desserts we ordered were beautiful and yummy as well. Despite all the other delectable dishes, the duck poutine was definitely the hilight of that night.  We were all scraping the bottom of the plate for more of the gravy with the fries.  The slices of duck were a wonderful addition to the dish.   The service was spectacular.  I believe we arrived a few minutes after the prix fixe menu was no longer offered but we were able to have it after a quick word with the chef.  The interior was nice and dark and there was a bar available to sit at.  My boyfriend ordered a beer that he really enjoyed and overall it was a wonderful experience.  I refer all my friends who are headed up to Canada to visit this wonderful establishment.
Came here because my husband wanted to try a FARM to TABLE restaurant. For the price we paid it was a great deal $22 prefix menu. How can you go wrong. The food was delicious. What we had: Fork Tender Local Dry aged Beef Pot Roast  -- My dish - had a lot more pepper than i wanted in the sauce but it was tasty and very tender. Local Dry aged Seared Beef Tenderloin Steak -- Husbands dish - Was delicious, tasty, and moist. I unfortunately do not recall what appetizer I had or dessert. But the food to me was already worth going back to again.
Excellent lunch! The beers were wonderful and the waitress paired our beer to our food flawlessly. I had the the lobster po'boy with fries. The sandwich was loaded with lobster and fresh corn salsa and lightly spread with a lime aioli. The fries were divine, just the right amount of crisp without being hard and were served with a beer aioli! Alan had the wings and because he could not decide which sauce, they gave him 50/50. This is fresh farm to table. Everything is all natural. Nice setting, friendly service. We are only here for two days, but may have to go back just to try their Duck confit poutene, or try their 22.00 three course pix fixe meal. Many lovely choices. Highly recommended. It is away from the touristy chains and prices were reasonable.
My whole experience at the Syndicate would have been a three-star if it wasn't for the extremely slow service. I had made a reservation the night before to visit The Syndicate for brunch, and was seated immediately. Right away, you notice that this place is under staffed, with two servers bustling about. Nonetheless, we were lucky to be able to order right away. Here is where things went downhill. My friends and I were starving after a long drive, and after 30 minutes, our food was not here. Even the table beside us didn't get their food, and they arrived earlier than us. After another 30 minutes, our food finally came. 3 out of the 6 dishes were cold - I guess they wanted to wait till all the food was ready. My friend wasn't too pleased biting into a semi-warm burger. My mussels were also cold on the top, but the bottom was delicious, warm and soaked in coconut curry & red cream ale. Prices are decent - you wont be spending over $15 per dish and there's no tourism tax charged to the bill like some restaurants on Clifton Hill. Overall, The Syndicate could really step up their game if they hire more staff.
Best restaurant I found in Niagara Falls. Most of these places are all tourist traps, overcrowded, overrated, and over priced. This place offers a delicious farm to table menu as well as a variety of quality beers. If you're in the area just go; thank me later.
Syndicate is slightly outside the tourist trap of Niagara, and serves some legit food.  This review may have been slightly affected by the 2 miles we walked to get here, but I don't think so. We went for lunch on a cold winter day, and the exterior of the restaurant leaves something to be desired. The inside of the restaurant, however, is very warm and homey, with a clear view into the brewery portion of the restaurant. Everyone at my table got the beer sampler (4 beers for 6$). They weren't blown away by any of them. Our server was very nice and personable, but I was a bit thrown by his overly casual attitude (and the large wad of dip protruding from his bottom lip).  Was excited to order the burger, until I learned they can only serve them well done. I think this is a Niagara thing? That sucks, so I ended up getting the steak sandwich; oddly enough I could order this medium rare.  The steak sandwich was overpriced (14$) and undersized, and the 1$ soup add-on was served luke-warm at best. The soup actually had a great broth and the flavors in the sandwich were good. However the steak was overdone (well-done around the edges with a tinge of pink in the middle) and the sandwich was not cohesive enough. The other things my table got (lobster/crab sandwich and linguine) were good enough. Also slightly frustrating was that the website shows that they offer a 9$ lunch special. When we inquired, it turns out they changed the menu and don't offer it anymore. Instead there are more food options, which are all more expensive. Change your website!  Not a deal breaker, but the fact we walked there may have exacerbated that point in my mind. All in all, an ok experience. If I were in the area again I'd definitely give this place another shot for dinner, which offers a 3 course, 20$ prix fixe (provided they don't change the menu again...).
Thank you, Yelp! I was doing the Niagara Falls thing and had nearly consigned myself to the restaurant at the Best Western when I stumbled onto the listing for this place. The secret appears to be out, though, so get a reservation if you can. I sat at the bar. They're a brewery, and I'm not a big beer drinker, but I took the bartender's suggestion and tried the "logger lager," which I quite enjoyed, and the seafood chowder, which was pretty good. Since I was being touristy, I decided to try poutine (my first time!), and their duck poutine was AMAZING. This is the dish to get. Large chunks of duck meat, savory gravy, and gooey cheese. It's as rich as it sounds, though, and obviously meant for sharing. Still, I think I put a pretty good dent in it. By the end the saltiness was getting to be a bit TOO much, and I had to finish up with some "sweets" -- creme brulee and Jack Daniels Honey -- before stumbling back to my hotel in a full, happy daze.
Our group's visit here was not a success.  6 of us arrived for our 8:30 p.m. reservation; the (new?) hostess had given away that table.  So we waited for 15 minutes.  We ordered a variety of dinners, and then waited MORE THAN AN HOUR for our food.  I'd been forwarned that the restaurant will only cook its burger WELL done, but assured that with the sauce it wouldn't be dry.  Well, it was horrible--dry, tasteless, inedible.  Others at the table really enjoyed the food--the other entrees got good reviews.  The Creme Brulee was well prepared, and lovely.  But from start to finish we were there for 2.5 hours.  While waiting (at 10:00 p.m.) for our food, a word with the manager, that "this is a problem, you know?" came back with a defensive rant about how the restaurant expects its customers to allocate 2 hours for the 3-course meal.  Perhaps, if we had food, we might enjoy that time.  No apology.  (Me thinks he's not really Canadian, you know?).  In summary: do NOT order the burger, DO allow lots and lots of time.  We missed the fireworks, that meal took so long.
Going there a few weeks ago was a really nice surprise. It was mentioned on Facebook and we decided to go on a Wednesday night for dinner. The place looks great and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I like the way that the dinning room is setup. (The main one as there is a small dining area in front that I did not want to be seated at) The food tasted great, with large portions and a the beer is what you would expect from a micro brew.  Fresh tasting and flavourful.  Not watered down pasteurized commercially mass produced poor excuse of a drink. The menu is simple with a fair amount of choices, but you don't sit there for hours trying to figure out what to have.  I had the lamb, and tasted my wife's steak and both were well cooked and tasty.  Good salads and tasty desserts made it a good experience. I do recommend the Syndicate as a date night venue.
Detour for lunch on our road trip to Niagara Fall! The restaurant itself has its own brewery and all food items were made with beer+ ale! (maybe not the desserts) We were worried that this place would be close since it's new year's eve/afternoon. When we arrived in the parking lot, the sign was off but I got out of the car and went in to ask in person. Yay it was open and the waitress quickly seated us in the back. We ordered lobster salad sandwich with beer? aioli,  2 orders of duck poutine with beer gravy, and parmesan something ale mussels. To be honest.. all the food were overly salted. But we were starving by the time we got there.. and it took them a good 30 mins to serve us our food after we ordered. We didn't want to say anything since.. we just wanted to hurry and eat... and get going (see the Fall already!). We ended our meal by sharing an apple crisp with vanilla ice cream. Nothing special and definitely not worth its price. Still a very unique restaurant to try.. we wish we could come here for the dinner special instead.. cuz the lunch was definitely underwhelming.
The food is good, the price is perfect - you will not be disappointed.  I must admit that I judged the exterior and was not excited. However, I was nicely surprised by a good meal where the locals go for dinner. You should make a reservation, but they were able to accommodate us without one on a early Friday in December. We had the pre-fixe menu which included a three course meal for $20 with multiple choices. We tried the Caesar salad and caprese salad for the first course, both nicely prepared with the right mix of dressing and greens. For the second course we choose the Farm to Table NY strip and the lamb shank; both equally delicious.  The last course is a dessert and we opted for the apple crisp and chocolate brûlée. PROs: food, price, beer flight, casual attire, risotto CONs: exterior appearance
Best restaurant in the Niagara Falls area in terms of food, but service could be improved upon. My first thoughts of The Syndicate were good - I thought it was a nice building and liked the homey but modern feel when I stepped in. Then it turned awkward and bad - three members of the wait staff literally played rock paper scissors for who would come greet us by the door. We stood for a bit as they played, one person loss, and grudgingly came over to us. This was a horrible feeling as a patron to feel like we were a burden to them when we walked in. I tried not to let this play into my dining experience for the rest of the meal but I found most of the service staff to be of the same mind frame. Why aren't they happy to be there!? They are working at one of the best restaurants in Niagara Falls! I had the $20 prix fixe menu starting with the Caesar Salad. It was pretty good with big bacon pieces strewn throughout it, MmMmM bacon. My main entree was the Honey Jack Chicken with buttermilk mashed potatoes, veggies and a honey jack daniels reduction. I did like it but felt it was slightly lacking in favor. The amazing dish of the night was the Smores dessert. Graham cracker, marshmallow and chocolate ganache. I can't even put into words how rich and delish this was! The ganache was heavenly divine! I love how that The Syndicate uses local ingredients, brews their own beer, love the atmosphere and space inside, and love that they offer good food for a fair price in the area. What I don't love is the service....you're so close Syndicate! Step your game up, servers & hosts!
I would give this 4 1/2 starts if I could. This place was wonderful. Leaps and bounds better then all the other tourist traps in the area like Applebees and Macaroni grill. We had great food, great service and great beer at a great price. The ambiance was great too. I highly recommend the three course meal. I had the fish and it was amazing and my son had the pork and he loved everything he ate. The clam chowder is sublime. If your in Niagara dip yourself a favor and GO. Make a reservation though it seems the word is out. The only reason not 5 stars is that the food took awhile but it was totally worth the wait.
So - Niagara Falls is a damned cheesy tourist trap.  It's Vegas but with far less gambling and adult entertainment.  It's Disneyland but far more hokey. Despite seeing an ad for Syndicate on our tourist map and looking like a mafia-themed restaurant, I trusted my instincts and the positive reviews.  I figured they looked like they had a decent enough draught selection - if it sucks, I'll get mashed enough at the bar to make the meal fun. I was pretty surprised to be asked if we had reservations strolling in at 8PM on a Thursday night.  What?  Really?  After a few minutes of waiting, we were immediately seated and this place was busy. Our waiter was awesome and the service was excellent.  He came by everytime my glass was getting near empty and was quick with the pints. The 3-course dinner for $20 is a bargain.  Unlike other places that serve meals in the same price range, this is well beyond your typical pub fare.  For $5 more, I upgraded to the steak option and got a salad and a cheese plate as a dessert (yay! I like having an alternative to a sweet dessert) and the lady went with the all-vegetarian route.  Both our meals were amazing.  My steak was tender and perfectly seasoned and cooked - in addition, it came with a nice truffle sauce. Found out afterwards that this restaurant is associated with Tap's Brewery (where most of their beer comes from) and I went the next day to their brewery to pick up some of their delicious IPA. Overall - the food is awesome and a hell of a deal.  Good brews and great service.  Total shock that a place like this exists in Niagara.
The Syndicate is a MUST for anyone coming down to the Niagara area plus they have parking. A little bit off the beaten path however if your coming for the 3 course meal which is a steal at only $20 bucks it's definitely worth the trek. I definitely recommend reservations or else be prepared to wait. We made reservations for 8:30 pm on a Friday night and the place was definitely packed. We had to wait 5 minutes for our table to be ready but it was no big deal. We were seated on the upper level which was more quiet and intimate than the main level. Our warm and welcoming waitress came over and went over the menus with us as well as the beer list. Not being a beer fan but wanting to try one of there homemade brews the waitress recommend the Pumpkin Beer and my fiancee went with the Red Cream Ale. They come in two different sizes:  1/2 Pint-$3.32 & Pint-$4.65 very reasonably priced and you can even purchase a gallon to take home which comes in a cute old fashioned jug. Pumpkin Beer - tasted exactly like liquid pumpkin super delicious, definitely recommend it to those who aren't beer lovers this will change your mind Red Cream Ale - Smooth caramel taste, I even liked this one Onto the food, We both did the 3 course meal To start I ordered the Salad of Baby Lettuces - w/cherry tomatoes and roasted root vegetables chips & raspberry vinaigrette Good size starter, refreshing and I loved the crunchiness provided by the chips Fiancee had the Caesar Salad which came with nice chunks of bacon For main I ordered the Lake Erie Pickerel - w/fresh herbed fingerling potatoes & seasonal vegetables topped w/ tomato, caper & black olives Delicate fresh piece of fish, I really enjoyed the saltiness provided by the capers and & black olives Fiancee had the Braised Lamb Shank served with a creamy pea risotto The lamb was Hugee and soo tender I wished I had ordered this instead Finally for dessert I had the Mint chocolate tart - creamy mint chocolate ganache topped with whipped cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce Fiancee had the Apple Crumble topped with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with caramel sauce Delicious ending to a fab meal Overall a spectacular meal at a steal of a price. Service was top notch, food came out a nice pace, waitress was friendly and attentive. I would definitely return when in the Niagara region again!
This place is wildly out of place. It's the cliche "diamond in the rough," because in the midst of a tacky stuck-in-the-90's setting, Syndicate stands out as an excellent restaurant that stands out above and beyond other eateries. Niagara Falls unfortunately appears to have become more of a cheesy tourist trap on the Canadian side, so when we arrived at the restaurant, I sighed a huge breath of relief. It's a bit removed from the touristy area, but its surroundings still make you question whether this place is going to be good or not. However, it happens to be packed all the time, and deservedly so. Not only is the dinner deal unheard of ($20 for a 3 course meal?!), but the food is outstanding, service is good and the atmosphere is nice too. We were told initially that because we didn't have a reservation, we were a rather large party, and that there were several other large parties in the house that evening, we would have better luck elsewhere; however, we were luckily accommodated within 20 minutes or so. Our server was nice as she explained the various menu offerings, and although I can't say service was quick, it was decent. We had to wait quite some time at certain points, but for the most part, I'd say that the service was fair. One thing I do love is the fact that it's very easy to split the check per order by credit card in Canada because the waiters have the mini credit card registers! The food was really quite excellent. Everyone was very pleased with their dishes, and I have to say that the bouillabaisse and the honey jack chicken were outrageously good. Bouillabaisse is a favorite of mine, and Syndicate delivered on flavor and quality. Additionally, the restaurant also brews its own beers, so it was nice to taste the locally made beer; the vanilla wheat was my favorite. They also offer suggestions for beer pairings to certain dishes in the menu, which provides for a more complete dining experience. I'd strongly recommend coming to this restaurant over any other place in Niagara Falls. We spoke to a few locals, and they agree: it's more of a real dining experience than anything else you can find in the area, so be sure to make a reservation!
The Syndicate was recommended to me by my brother as a place to go for ribs and beer on Wednesdays and was planning to go with my family but before I could go as couple we were invited there for a birthday party. The place is very accommodating for groups. The had 2 large tables setup upstairs for our party and the room was very nice. The service was a bit disappointing, very slow.  Not that we were in a rush, but appetizers early would have been nice as we settled into the evening. The beers are fresh and very tasty with a good selection and the servers will help you make a choice based on your favorite commercial brand.  For me it's always a cream ale type or a red.   (This night the red was very good). I had the ribs, (All you can eat) and they were tasty.  But that came with no sides. My wife had the steak and my daughter the Duck Poutine. Yum. We had a great meal, and if not for the slow service and a few quirks about the sides it would have been a great experience. So for now, I just say Nice... I will return once more on a date night and see how the regular service and food is.
This particular Restaurant/Brewery has just opened a brand new location in St. Catharines. It isn't even up on Yelp as of yet, however I would like to get the word out! My fiance and I are back at home, in St. Kitts. We were hungry at around 8pm last night and went out to find a good spot. We have been to the Syndicate in Niagara Falls and were very pleased! We were even more pleased that we happeded to drive by one in St. Catharines! We wound up going their Grand Opening Night by pure chance. What a treat! The service was outstanding! Our server, kept coming out of the Kitchen, to ask us, on behalf of the Chef, to critiq his dishes! WOW! I find that a Chef, who cares about his/her clients, is fantastic! We made our critiq and they were happy with every word! They thought it was great constructive critisism! The food, for a place to have just opened it's doors, was wonderful! I had a basic club sandwich to test and try the food first. I was suprised and pleased to find that it was absolutely delicious! My fiance had a chicken breast (bone in) served on a bed of garlic mash and a cluster of seasonal veggies. The presentation, for both dishes were very appealing. He enjoyed his meal very much, as well. Being a Micro Brewery, with great food, is amazing in my books! Try a pint of Sinister Sams! It's delicious and you will not be disapointed!
Duck poutine was great. The food overall was very good and the beers were good too. We brought our kids, while not an issue, we wouldn't do again. If we had sat outside I wouldn't hesitate to bring them but we sat inside where it is more classy vibe. Since they had to print the kids menus when we got there I'm thinking they don't see many kids. Prices were the most reasonable especially for the quality of food we got. Would go again if in the area.
The beer at this place, average. However... The food and service were fantastic. My goodness, a 3 course meal for 20 bucks and it being quality food... Amazing. The soup was watery at first, though more flavourful than if it had been reduced. The chicken was expertly cooked and seasoned. For dessert, a nice chocolate creme brulee, also fantastic. On top of that, we had the duck poutine, although frivolous it was amazing. Such a fantastic place, would recommend to any foodie.
I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews, considering how PACKED this place can get. unfortunately, my party and i didn't make reservations, so we waited about half an hour before getting seated at a lovely table upstairs. Our server was sweet, but since it was so busy, it seemed she didn't have much time to get over to our table besides taking our order and dropping off the check. While waiting for your meal, be sure to order a beer brewed from the restaurant itself, or enjoy a flight of brews to get a taste of 3 or 4 different kinds. For $20, you can enjoy a great three-course prefixe meal. Our entire table ordered the caprese salad as our appetizer. It came out as a pretty stack of mozzarella and tomato slices next to a bed of fresh arugula and balsamic vinaigrette. Simple, but executed well. I ordered the only vegetarian entree on the prefixe menu, the pasta. The pasta tasted fresh and home-made, with a flavorful and aromatic tomato sauce. My table was able to share the creme brulee, strawberry shortcake, chocolate smore, and cheese plate -- the chocolate smore was great, but the other desserts didn't stand out. A wonderful dinner at a great price. Make a reservation if you choose to go.
Me and four friends visited this restaurant about a month ago and had a terrible experience. We came in the afternoon and literally the only customers there. We placed our orders and after 45 mins of waiting we went inside to see if the food would be out soon. The Man who took our order (who turned out to be the manager) was with a few other men standing and talking. He brushed us off  assuring us the food would be our soon. 5 mins later he informed us there was a mix up and our order had not been placed yet. After over an hour of waiting our food came out, the risotto was rock hard, the salads were made of bitter lettuce and most of the food was cold or undercooked. We ended up just asking for the bill and thankfully he didn't make us pay because knew the service and the food was terrible! If imagine if the order was placed initially and the cooks weren't rushing to get the food out it probably would have been ok but we won't be returning.
Great restaurant off the overpriced and commercial offerings found in the tourist area of the falls. Luckily got a table on a walk in as they were full up with reservations on a Saturday night. They offer a $20 three course fixed price menu with selections you would expect to find for 2x the price anywhere else. Food arrived quickly, presentation was OUTSTANDING and tasted amazing. ....bonus points for the awesome local beers on tap. I highly suggest trying the vanilla wheat beer
Visited The Syndicate after reading some reviews on Yelp and was quite honestly tired of the overpriced Falls tourist restaurants. Visited with some family from Italy so picking the right place to eat can be a challenge since bringing Italians for a bad meal can bring you some harsh criticism. Made a reservation after checking the menu and getting confirmation from the others. Make sure you like beer because its a brewery and being that this place is usually crowded, based on other reviews and my experience, you will be waiting a while for your food so drink up to kill the time. The dishes were well prepared and all the food, the pot roast, the seafood bowl and the steaks were all delicious. Even the desserts got rave reviews from my party of ten. You can't go wrong here but as I said bring your patience because the food will take some time. That is the only thing holding it from five stars. We waited almost am hour after ordering. I even brought back 2 64oz jugs of their brew.
Being a city girl and also from the States (actually, that's not an excuse- I was just being an idiot), I convinced my boyfriend that we could just walk to Syndicate from our hotel. During our two miles walk past abandoned buildings and graveyards, all we had to keep us going was thoughts of how good the food is going to be. And you know what? Syndicate did not disappoint. We didn't have reservations but they were able to sit us right away near a roaring fireplace. We both ordered from the $20 for 3 course meal. I also ordered  the 1/2 pint of red cream ale which was just soooo smooth. His: Caesar Salad- was a typical fresh salad but I really liked the smoky bacon pieces. Mine: Caprese Salad- again, typical salad with fresh ingredients. His: Braised Lamb Shank kicked major butt, along with that creamy risotto? Omg, I was eating off his plate more than mine. Mine: The bouillabaisse that I wanted originally wasn't on the menu. The Seafood Study (+2) that I had was okay. It's a good mix of seafood however it pales next to the lamb shank (but then again, so would everything else) His: Raspberry Creme Brulee. AMAZING. I was licking the spoon way after we were done. Order it. Order it to go. Order it to stay. Order it to eat on a fox if you must. It is THAT good. Mine: My chocolate tart was just okay. It's a cold chocolatey tart. But it was no raspberry creme brulee. I wished I ate this first so the raspberry creme brulee would have been the last taste in my mouth. I also wished that I had just let my bf ordered for me.   The 40 minutes walk back was a breeze as we raved on and on about the lamb and creme brulee.
Who knew that so close to tourist-saturated Niagara Falls you could find a gem like this with such an amazingly priced 3 course menu. Everywhere else in Niagara Falls you're paying $40-$50 for food that is nowhere near the quality of this place. We had the mixed lettuce salad, lobster & crab crusted haddock (AMAZING), a cheese plate, and the duck poutine as an extra side. My DH also had some of their beer and just like everything else, it was great. I will say that the service was a bit slow because apparently one of their ovens was broken, but that's forgivable because otherwise the staff was all very nice and everything was great. We left very very satisfied.
This is the sort of place that I thank Yelp for, because I wouldn't have found it otherwise! I was so glad to have found it, because our meal was delicious. As many other reviewers have noted - the dinner deal is super great. I started out with the spinach salad sub mixed greens (I have to avoid spinach) which was happily accommodated. It came with goat cheese, cranberries (a little heavy on the cranberries but easy to eat around them), and mulled cider dressing. I thought it was great. For my main course I had the cut of steak on special, a strip, which was a 14 day dry aged farm to table cut. I was a little disappointed to hear they were grass AND grain fed because I had found this yelp page searching for "grass fed" ... but that's alright. :0). It came with herb and cumin roasted rad potatoes and some typical summer vegetables. The steak was cooked perfectly and the potatoes were as well. The funniest part of the entire meal, however, was the side of stilton I had ordered to accompany my steak. My thought was: "hmm, I love blue cheese, I could totally go for some to garnish the steak." So, I went ahead and ordered the $4 stilton to partner with my steak. I thought that was a reasonable price, comparable to similar restaurants. WELL, let me tell you... this must have been 6 ounces of cheese! It was served in what looked like a soup bowl (not cup, mind you) and filled the bowl. We couldn't get over how much stilton I had on my plate! Let me be clear: I am not complaining. Yes, it was far more cheese than one could ever eat, but I will never complain when a restaurant gives you more than you expect for the money. The joke became that if I finished it, I should get a t-shirt. Alas, I didn't get through half but happily boxed it up to enjoy the next day alongside some Frank's hot sauce and chicken. As for dessert, I went with the vanilla creme brulee garnished with a powdered sugar sprinkled gooseberry. Delicious, rich, crunchy, creamy... perfect. The server was great... so great I very much wanted to remember her name, I think it was Samantha? Both her and the menu made gluten free, vegetarian, and other special order requests very easy to deal with, which put the whole group at ease. Looking back on our experience after reading others' reviews, I suppose the service was a bit slower than I'm used to in the states... but I found the pace to be similar to other non-chain restaurants making "real food" in Fort Erie, Bay Beach, etc so it didn't stand out as a negative. The beers were popular among the guys, and I was happy to have ordered a hard cider. The one thing we had wished we had room for was the duck poutine - if nothing else, a reason to return! Definitely my newest favorite place on the Canadian side of Niagara Falls. Would highly recommend - my fellow Yelpers did not disappoint! I would suggest you make a reservation, the place isn't very big and seems to be gaining in popularity.
I was so glad we found this place on our weekend trip to Niagara Falls! We made a reservation, but we showed up about a half hour early and they still sat us in about 5 minutes. We did a beer flight and tried 4 of the beers - I recommend the Red Cream Ale and the Logger Lager - but they were all decent and they had a good variety. For the price, the food was delicious. We tried the split pea & mint soup, and the caeser salad, both of which were done well and seemed very fresh. I had the halibut and my boyfriend had the braised lamb shank w/rhubarb compote. We both found our meals slightly overcooked but they were still very flavorful. For dessert we had the creme brulee, and the strawberry shortcake. Creme brulee is one of my favorites, and even if it wasn't revolutionary it was still a great dessert. The strawberry shortcake was tasty but somewhat dough-heavy. As for service, our waitress was very friendly, although it was a busy Saturday night so we could tell she definitely had a lot going on! I did love the atmosphere of the restaurant, it was cozy but still modern. Definitely recommend if you are staying in Niagara Falls!
We stopped in for dinner at the Syndicate because of the recommendations on Trip Advisor. It is not right in the middle of the strip but don't let that stop you, the food quality really can't be beat. It is a 3 course meal for $20 a person... I had the Caprese Salad, The Honey Jack Chicken entree and the Smore for dessert. It was all very tasty. My Fiance had the Caesar Salad, the Linguine and the Shortcake for dessert. He said the pasta was a little light on seasonings but overall he was very pleased. He says the beer is really good... I however recommend the chocolate martini.   Service was good, our waitress was very nice. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
Just went here for out last night out in Niagra Falls based on the 4 star Yelp reviews... My family and I were terribly disappointed with the overall experience and feel that this dining experience is way overrated by the Yelp reviewers. We went on a Tuesday night, 7/16/2013, for Dinner for 3 with reservations @ 7:30pm.   We arrived @ 7:15 and our table was not ready so we were sat at the bar.  1st bad move as there was a full view  the kitchen from where I sat, which was not pretty.  The wait staff would bus the tables and bring the dirty dishes to the bar before bringing them into the kitchen. I found this particularly disgusting.  Why should diners have to sit at the bar and be a witness to everyone's dirty dishes being scrapped into a bin at the bar? Shouldn't this be done behind the closed doors of the kitchen? Once we were seated it immediately became apparent that the air conditioning was either not working or they didn't have any.  It was pretty warm in the main dining area to the point my family and I were sweating.  The flies didn't seem to mind the heat too much though. The service was average as it took about an hour from our order to getting the 3rd course delivered to us.  The wait staff looked hot and tired.  At one point, the father of another family that was dining mentioned to their server that he was rather hot.  The waitress misunderstood him and went and retrieved a menu and promptly put it on the floor to cover the vent below him.  When he clairified that he was hot and not cold she removed the menu from the floor and placed it back with the rest of the menus.  I immediately felt bad for the next customer that was going to get that menu that was dragged across the floor.  Good way to get the dirt and germs on the floor onto your diner's hands just before dinner. We ordered the pre-fix 3 course meals.  My daughter and I ordered the Steak pre-fix which was $26 whereas, the other pre-fix meals were $22.  The 1st course was a Cesar Salad, which was good, the 2nd course was an 8-ounce steak with 2 small red potatoes and grilled vegtables, which was also very good.  The last course was chocolate cheese cake which was also good. My wife had a cesar salad, rack of lamb, and creme brulee for $22.  She stated that all were very good as well. So the food was good and it was a good value overall...but it was not a good dining experience overall.  I can't possibly see how anyone could give this restaurant 4 stars. I will give it 2 stars only based on the value of the meal I received.  Otherwise, I'd give it no stars.
Came up for the day to visit Niagara Falls. I was devastated by the nasty 'theme-park" food options covering the tourist strips of the falls. Syndicate was a breath of fresh air.  The $20 menu was a great deal and WELL worth it. I highly recommend this restaurant to any other visitors. I started with the caprese salad. It was incredibly fresh and flavorful for such a simple dish.  The reduced balsamic syrup was delicious, better than usual, its high quality coming through with ease. My boyfriend had the oxtail soup, he enjoyed it very much. We then had the halibut and steak. Again, both done very well and again a wonderful escape from the pizza, and fried foods by the Falls attractions. The desert was okay. I had the creme brule-average, and my boyfriend had the warm strawberry shortcake--this was really good! To top it off the beer was good and our waitress was super sweet.  She even left a little note thanking us on the back of our bill.
A very disappointing experience... After doing a LOT of research to find a quality, non-touristy place in the area, we decided on Syndicate.  While I think the food was good (although I'm not entirely sure because I had to eat it so quickly) the service was horrid (we were on a schedule)  Our poor waitress was trying her best, but it took us 1 hour and 15 minutes from when we sat down to get our appetizer!  The manager explained that because it was a 3-course meal, we should have expected a 2 hour meal time (meanwhile most of us ordered BURGERS off the pub menu) - that doesn't make sense.  The 3 courses are a starter/salad, main course, and a dessert.  That shouldn't take 2 hours.   Also, we were seated right under an airconditioning unit and asked several times to have the vents pointed a different way so the draft wasn't right on us, and they never assisted us.  Lucky, my very tall Father was able to do it for us.  Lastly, the manager was very unaccommodating and borderline rude.
This is one place where I would enjoy it more if I had a date.  They offer a 3-course dinner for $20.  The food is excellent.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  They offer organic food AND beer, including grass-fed beef (not corn/grain!)   If you're a beer aficionado, this place should be on your list of places to visit when in Niagara Falls--there's a micro-brewery in the back.  They sell handcrafted beer that you can take home.  In Ontario, it is usually less expensive than a six-pack at the beer store, and its organic. Woo Hoo!
Skip the tourist traps on Fallsview Rd and get off the grid. This spot is a keeper and the prices won't break the bank during your stay. Three course meal starts at $20 and includes soup or salad, main course and desert. We had Caesar salads, Bouillabaise (Seafood) and grilled NY steak (add $6.00 for market rate) with Creme Brûlée and Strawberry Shortcake for desert. Meals arrived prepared on white dishes like I would expect in NYC and almost tasted better at a fraction of the cost! Got the "What What" wings ($10 per pound) and fries ($5 each) to go for the kids for $30.  Drinks...Cosmopolitan and chocolate martini @ $8.90 each and pint of ale $4.95. Bill was $111.45 plus their HST of $14.49 (like a health insurance for employees) for a total of $125.94 plus tip. Ambiance was nice with tables, seats at the bar and outside tables.   Wait staff was great and didn't leave you sitting there dry. Parking is limited and you might want to call ahead for a reservation for the tables if you don't like the bar. The place stays pretty busy. Enjoy your meal!
Heard about this place from a friend and decided to take my friends from San Francisco here while visiting the falls. I made a reservation for 4, but once we got there we were told that there are still people at our table but they have paid already... so we shouldn't have to wait too long. 50min later... I finally had enough and asked the waitress if they can seat us somewhere else as we finally saw a few empty tables around. She gladly rearranged the smaller tables so our group could sit together. Another thing about this place... there is no waiting area. we had to stand around the bar and had to constantly make room so people can enter and leave. However, once the food and beers were served we mostly forgave the earlier mishaps. The food was very reasonably priced, perfectly cooked with good presentation. The beers were delicious as well and the waitress was helpful to give us a description of each kind. Food 8/10 Service 6/10 Gotta give a low score on the service because we like a few other groups with reservations were standing around and nobody checked on us.  The place seems to be a bit understaffed. Also, the handling of reservations need major improvement. You need to clear a table before the next reservation... not an hour after. I think they overbooked.
This meal was BY FAR better than the chains located by the hotels! Just a few miles down the road from downtown Niagara, it is completely and utterly amazing! What a deal! My boyfriend and I each had the caprese salad. I had the lobster ravioli (with a STRONG recommendation from the server) and my boyfriend had the chicken. Boy was I happy with my decision. Not one fishy bite and great beers to pair with each part of the meal! I believe my boyfriend had an apple turnover and I had the strawberry shortcake for dessert. Both super good! I recommend making a reservation. It was still warm enough in August that we could sit outside without waiting, but otherwise, they were full for the whole night! Don't miss this fantastic deal!
Service is AWFUL! We sat with empty glasses on our table with nothing to drink for at least 30 minute time spans. The beers are just okay, nothing special. Half of the food that you see here on YELP you CAN NOT order because it is NO LONGER on their menu, so be wary of that. All of these dessert pics on here might as well be swiped clean, they no longer have any of them. The main reason we went last night was due to all of the great reviews and awesome pictures of the food. Well, needless to say, the waitress said they changed their menu, so that ruined it for me. Also, if you chose to not do the $22 tasting menu, you have to order off the bar menu or even if you want just 1 dish off of their tasting menu, you still get charged the $22. The mussels were small and sandy, gross. No thank you. Waste of our night and money.
If you are visiting Niagra Falls and looking for a fabulous and reasonable restaurant, you should definitely go here!! We were incredibly impressed by the (local fare) food. Can't go wrong with a 3 course meal for $22 (especially when every other place here charges $20 for only 1 course). Great beer, great food, and delicious desserts! Lastly, our waitress Sarah was so pleasant and helpful! We had a wonderful night.
Great value! Excellent food for the fixed price menu. I did a beer flight to find one that liked. I didn't find anything special about the beers, but I won't knock the rating based on that since beer is so subjective. I ended up liking the blonde beer the best. Had fish chowder, lamb shank and cheese platter. I definitely recommend this place if you're in the falls and want something different from the usual tacky restaurants surrounding the falls view and Clifton areas. Giving it four stars because it lacked something that would make me go "wow" but it was probably the best $22 three course meal I've had.
Just finished an amazing meal here and so glad I listened to reviews and made the trip up Lundy lane to check it out. We made reservations for 8 but were about 15 mins late and were sat immediately. Service was a little slow but the waiter Andy was friendly and helpful and made great recommendations and made the whole experience a pleasure. Food was awesome from the garlic carrot soup to the duck poutine which were both ridiculously good and the braised beef entree was just plain amazing. I was also impressed that a place with such a great menu was kid friendly and the kids menu was simple and cheap 6 bucks for meal with drink... wow. And the 3 course meal was only $22-24 bucks what a deal. This is a must when in niagara it is so much more enjoyable then the majority of chains that flood the city
This is one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at - and the price can't be beat!  For starters we ordered the soup of the day - vegetable. It was full of flavor! For the main course, I had the pappardelle pasta and my husband ordered the dry-aged beef roast. The beef was very tender and both dishes tasted amazing! For dessert we both ordered a cheese plate, which was a nice alternative to sweets since neither of us are very "sweet" people. Excellent cheese to end an excellent meal - what a great find!
We tried this restaurant based on yelp reviews. The food was delicious and our server was fantastic. We also enjoyed their beer. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Impressive food quality for a $20 three-course meal. Beer is tasty too. Well worth leaving the tourist trap near the falls. Only complaint - service was a little slow given that it wasn't really busy (we sat upstairs). The out-of-the-oven-hot strawberry shortcake was excellent. Parking was a bit of an issue.
This was an amazing place for dinner. Twenty bucks for a 3course meal. My 2 picky children each loved their meal. My husband had the special NY Strip steak for 26. He said it was the best he has ever had. We would come back often if we could. Younger son asked if there was a place Like this at home. It was the best meal we have had so far on our vacation.
What a delicious meal we had last night at The Syndicate!  Oh so fresh vegetables, an incredible waitress and good beer -- so good.  I started with the baby spinach salad with goat cheese and cranberries which must've been the freshest most tender spinach I have had in eons.  Then the seafood bowl -- filled with the most delicious seafood and a lovely light tomato/curry broth, heavenly.  My partner got the lobster and crab encrusted haddock which was absolutely delicious -- with lovely lobster ravioli.  Then we finished with an amazing creme brulee with a local gooseberry and I took my cheese plate for today's picnic.  Clean, fresh and wholesome food served with a smile. Awesome. The chef Nick Sinnett is surely doing this right!
The fact that this has such high ratings makes me wonder if we came on an off night, but I can only judge based on our evening, which was poor. First, the service was slow; friendly enough but we were left with finished plates for quite awhile between courses and I would have had another beer if it wasn't until we were almost to the check that they asked if I'd like a refill on my empty glass. The food was, to be totally blunt, bad. It was consistently bland and under seasoned; there was no dressing or oil or anything on the salad; the steak was at least 1/3 gristle and fat; dessert included a creme brûlée which had a layer of fat, rather than a crunchy crust, on top; even the cheese plate was unimpressive. And to top it all off there was stuck-on old food on the at least three of our plates throughout the evening--washing your dishes should be a bear minimum for any restaurant. One of our two beers were good and that is literally the only thing we ate or drank that I would ever consider consuming there again. The most disappointing thing was that we passed a diner in the shape of a giant flying saucer on the walk from our hotel, we considered going there instead, but continued on to The Syndicate because it had such great reviews. Lesson learned: if you pass an amazing looking diner, just go there.
We pulled in after a day hiking the Falls and opted for the price fixe menu.  The food was severely underseasoned but otherwise decent.  Almost everything needed salt, and my pot roast could have used more rosemary, thyme, and/or pepper.  Still, not a bad deal at $22 after a generous application of the shakers at the table. The service, however, was agonizingly slow.  We were were seated 25 minutes past our reservation time, and left dangling another twenty minutes between drinks and first course.  We weren't the only ones, either: while we waited to be seated, one patron made a scene over not getting his dessert, and two more tables complained more discreetly after we were seated. Unless you're so worn out from a day's sight-seeing as to welcome an hour being ignored, I'd give this one a miss.
I highly recommend the Syndicate to anyone visiting the area. The prix-fix deal is great and service was very friendly.
Please treat yourself to this gem of a spot.  Legit farm to table at a ridiculous price.  The ingredients were so fresh.  The steak was amazing, and so much better than the keg steakhouse with is 3 times the price.  Duck poutine is insanely delicious and made from fresh cut fries.  The microbrew beers were awesome.  Just stay away from the burgers.  The only reason is that the government forces them to cook their burgers well done.
So disappointed in this place! We came in around 9:30pm and were told we could only order from the bar menu due to the time, this was fine because the food on the menu looked good. We waited over 30 minutes for a burger and poutine, the burger was burnt to a crisp and did not even have the bacon, cheese or onions that was in the description on the menu.  We had made friends with the other two couples in the restaurant during our long wait and they both got burnt burgers as well. The waitress was very apologetic and we all got something from our order comped. The waitress explained the sous chef was new, and when I was waiting for my partner to go to the bathroom I found the 'chef' was just sitting in the bar area socializing and watching tv talking about how he liked cooking with beer because he could drink on the job! I hope he is not working there for long.
Tasty brews and good food, in a nice atmosphere. Interesting burger. Mussels were delicious, according to my wife.
Found this place on yelp and really enjoyed it. My boyfriend and I each did the 3 course meal for $20. Great deal!! The beer was awsome, the service was great, and the food was yummy! My first course was the soup of the day which was potato soup. It was puréed potatoes but it was sooo sooo good! Your in luck If that is the soup of the day! My bf got a Caesar salad... Which was good, but does not compare to the soup. He wished he has gotten the soup. My entree was the ny strip which was $6 extra but worth it. My only complaint was I ordered it medium and it was medium well. My boyfriend got the braised lamb shank and risotto. Its not for me, but the risotto was really good. My boyfriend enjoyed it but once again wished he had gotten what I ordered (rookie). For dessert my boyfriend got the cheese and I ordered the apple crisp. Both were good! The atmosphere was comfortable and it was not that crowded which was surprising. The syndicate brews there own beer and butchers their own meat. How cool! We will be back for the 3 course meal when we return. Ps: we loved the fireplace. I love Canada!  Cheers!
I took my family of 4 to Niagara Falls for a 3 day getaway.  Anywhere in close proximity to the falls is overpriced and poor quality - EXCEPT - this wonderful gem.  This place is amazing, great atmosphere, and unheard of prices!  Whether its for lunch or just sitting at the bar having a cocktail, everything is fair price.  I strongly recommend visiting the off-the-beaten-path treasure.
Express lunch! House brewed beer.  We had a terrific lunch and it was a great value.  The housemade soup was delicious and the sandwiches were a perfect size to go with the beer without making you over-filled.
Zero stars wasn't an option. Horrible in every way. Service worst we've experienced, cold food, not served together, taste and quality of food was horrendous
I went to this fabulous restaurant a couple of months ago while visiting Niagra Falls. The 3 course fixed price menu is one of the best deals you'll ever find. The food was sublime! We all ordered different things and shared with each other and everything was delicious. The service was also fabulous with our enthusiastic and  knowlegeable waitress giving us some wonderful recommendations. A definite must for anybody visiting the area. If we'd only found it as soon as we got there we would have been sure to eat most of our meals there.
Awesome dinner special. Had a 3 course dinner: tasty, fresh salad for an appetizer, braised lamb with great flavor, and a chocolate marquis- $20 for the 3 courses & also had their new IPA which was hoppy! I used to get beer here, and tonight was my first meal. Would definitely come again!
We were here in August.... all 4 of us had different dinners. The food and wait staff were great. SKIP all the expensive places by the falls, we tried some of them and the food was not good and expensive. This place is a gem!! We waited 20 mins to get seated... I never wait, but after I read the reviews I wanted to try the food. Trust me it was worth the wait. I work in Manhattan and eat at many of the really good restaurants, this place was one of the highlights of the trip to the falls area. Farm to table and all, don't miss this place if you want a really nice meal.
We went to this Syndicate this past weekend and were very pleased with everything we tried.   To begin with the Lundys Lane didn't register on our GPS but the hotel had a terrible map that we were able to use.  It is fairly far off the strip so make sure to drive or take a cab.  The parking lot was full when we arrived but we found parking a street over. We didn't have a reservation.  Since it was just three people we decided to wait and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Between the three of us we tried five or six different beers and they were all good.  My friend especially enjoyed the IPA.  I thought the Blonde Ale  was fairly good.  We only waited about 30 minutes and the staff kept apologizing for our wait but on a Friday night at about 7:45ish, I didn't think that was ridiculous.   All of the food was good.  It seemed like the entire menu was prix fixe but it was a good deal $22 for the three courses.  The steak was an additional $4 but still very reasonable especially for the quality of food.  Salads weren't the best but I had the steak and that was amazing.  My friend had the soup and lamb and loved them both.  I had the creme brulee and it was excellent and was the perfect size. We ended up staying well over two hours but it was nice to eat and talk at a leisurely pace.  Plus the wait staff didn't hover or try and rush us.  Even better our waiter was super cute.  Bonus. I was definitely say to give this place a try.  Make sure to make a reservation and be prepared to search for parking because the lot is all of ten spots.  Overall, it was an excellent experience and so much better than any of the terrible tourist restaurants on the strip.
This was much better than paying tourist prices for tourist food.  Awesome all around.  I especially enjoyed the lamb.
This is the only place I would go for wings in the Niagara Falls area.  The "what what" wings were SO good that we ate here twice....dinner and lunch.  They were cooked perfectly with a kinda sweet w/a little kick sauce that actually sticks to the wings.  We also had fries that were very good and were served with a really good sauce.  The service was excellent, very friendly waiters.  They have a micro-brewery too with really good beer.
If you have a car, this place is totally worth the short drive out of the main tourist area.  Only $20 for a salad or soup, main, and dessert!  I was driving that day so I unfortunately did not sample the beer, but based on the reviews here it seems to be very good.  My Caesar salad was delicious and wasn't too salty as Caesar salads can be.  My lobster ravioli was very flavorful and the size of my brother's seared halibut surprised us all - it was a pretty heft chunk of fish!  My mom also enjoyed here stewed beef, but in retrospect we should have gotten their daily special which was some sort of steak.  Nonetheless, we each enjoyed our mains very much. The desserts did take a while to come out perhaps due to the business of the kitchen.  I got the strawberry shortcake while my mom went with the creme brulee and my brother with the chocolate option.  All three definitely hit the right spot, especially my warm strawberry shortcake paired with some ice cream on top.  Yum... I do suggest making reservations, and if you're in the US and want to avoid paying for the call into Canada, you can just e-mail them and they will set up the reservation that way.  Definitely worth the trip out, and better than anything you will find on Fallsview Ave!
Incredible food for a bargain price, and the menu suggests beer pairings from the onsite craft brew house. Delicious 3 course Dinners that do not disappoint for $20, everyone at our table was impressed with their meal. The next time I'm in town I'll be back.
Off the beaten path. Unassuming. Stellar service. Amazing food. And you cannot beat the prices. The chef makes almost everything in house and the brewmaster is superbly talented. Skip the tourist traps and chains. This place is awesome!
3 course meal for $20 can't beat that :) Food is excellent in house beer was very good as well. The only negative thing I could say wait staff can be hit or miss. Yes I would go back
We spent 2 nights at Niagara Falls and ate there both nights. I am so happy we found this place. All restaurants on the main drag are very touristy and overpriced. This place was a bargain at $20 per person for a 3 course menu. The food was great (and we are picky). Great presentation. Great service. As a beer lover I was in heaven. Well, it's a brewery!  They have a great selection to match any dish on the menu. Highly recommend!
This is a neighborhood restaurant with a nice wine and beer selection. Moderately priced with good food. I would suggest if you are at the falls stop in.
Last time I was there, it was known as Niagara's best brewery.   it was a nice spot for good pub food and excellent beer.   Now it looks like it had been bought out and turned into this place.  The food was really good, however they have packed it full of seating so much that you're elbow to elbow with the table next to you.  Also the heating was horrible in there.    Im about 99% sure the original brew master is not making the beer anymore, as they tasted completely different.   Being a fan of NBB I was disappointed with what it had become.  They had one of the best stouts around, and it was pulled from their list.   also their sampler wheel is gone (it was all 10 of their brews in 5oz glasses on a wheel for $10  Now you get your choice of 4 of the 6 to taste in tumbler glasses with about 3oz in each for $6.50..  As I said the food was great, but when you walk into something you enjoyed so much and everything changed so much (including the beer recipes) its a let down.  I dont think I will be going back as I only went to the NBB to drink beer and buy some growlers.
Awesome place to get dinner in Niagara and a really good deal for the 3-course meal for $20....definitely a place to stop if you are in town. The beer is also pretty good. We came in on a Thursday night (10/18) at 7:30 with a reservation and were seated on the main floor in a nook with a window looking out to the street, very nice.   The bartender was our server and she was great and knew her stuff.  We each got the $20 3-course meal.  I started with a flight of beers to sample.  The pumpkin was nice and had the pumpkin pie notes in it, up there with some of the best I've tried, I'd give it a solid B+ for pumpkin.  Also had the Sinister Sams IPA which was pretty good as well.  Definitely not the best IPA I've had, but very drinkable and pretty hoppy.  Also had the Red Cream Ale and Oatmeal Rye, both were OK, but nothing impressive that had me craving more. My girlfriend had a chocolate martini and loved it, it was really good and strong.  For the 1st course we each had the Caprese Salad, awesome!  For the main course we got the New York Strip ($6 more) and Lobster Ravioli in a cream sauce...both were incredibly good.  The ravioli was so flavorful and savory and had lots of big chunks of lobster in it.  The steak was perfectly cooked and had lots of char and grizzle and fat which added to the flavor and it was a nice size.  We both decided it was one of the best steaks we've ever had, and we love a good steak.  It was just as good as a steak you'd get at Ruth Chris or Morton's...no joke.  For desert we got a chocolate tart which was decent, and a creme brulee which was also pretty good.  The deserts weren't the best part of the meal, but both hit the spot and left us satisfied.  So for $46 we got 2 caprese salads, lobster ravioli, a NY strip, and 2 desserts.  Amazing deal, and we both left with full bellies.  Martinis were $10 each, sorta pricey but worth it because they were incredible.  Beer was priced good at $4.50 a pint, and $6 for the flight.  Overall a cool restaurant, great service, knowledgeable, good food, good atmosphere...we both left very happy and satisfied. Additional info: we went back for lunch 2 days later and it was not very good.  But I don't want this to affect the review, because everything was so much better during dinner. We got a slow waitress...pretty sure we were her only table.  She was very slow, not sure what her problem was.  She just made it worse when she took our food away and said she'd be right back with the check and didn't come back for close to 10 minutes (the place was almost empty...) I got the IPA to drink and my Girlfriend got a ginger ale that was flat.  We got chicken wings (2nd from the hottest sauce) but they were not hot at all, just very sweet and tangy with a tiny kick of heat.  Also got the burger and fries.  Nothing special but also not too bad.  Fries were fresh cut potatoes but were sort of undercooked and were probably sitting for a while because were starting to get cold.  Beer was good as usual.  For lunch I'd give this place 2.5 stars because the food was average and the service was pretty poor. Overall: Go here for dinner and get the 3-course special, it was great...but stay away for lunch, it's nothing special.
Tried to go, but once we got there found out reservations are required - all tables booked for the rest of the night. NOTE: if you want to go, make a reservation. So, alas, we did not get to try it. The menu looks great though. Giving it 4 stars based on the menu, and mainly the fact that they work with local farmers and serve grass-fed, hormone free beef. Would still like to try it at some point though!
This was one of the few places we could find in the Niagara Falls, Ontario area that reviewed well for something other than their view. The Syndicate has no views to speak of, it's on a busy street well away from the actual falls, but their food and made-on-premises beer selection more than make up for that. Their three course price fix menu is a no-brainer at $20, but make a reservation or you'll be waiting for a long time to get a table if you even can. My wife and I were both very happy with our meals, and our beer selections. This was one of the best meals we had during our stay in Niagara. The only negative was the service in my opinion. Our server was new, 3 days into the job as he kept telling everybody, so that was most likely the reason. Food took a little longer to come out than most people seemed to be comfortable with as well. Also, if you're walking here from the Falls area, it's probably best to do so during well lit daylight hours. Lundy's Lane looked a little scary while we were walking to dinner during dusk. Rain forced us to get a cab back after dinner, but I think that would have been a good idea anyway.
This is for the new location in grimsby--Three course or fix meal 22.00 this is the new one in grimsby Canada. The service was fantastic.  This was new.. I saw it posted on trip advisor ... Great place
good food came here after visiting niagara falls.. but my sister got food poisoning after eating the salad.. ugh had to call our trip short.. tried calling the restaurant several times to inform them but received no response.  Will not come back here again. PLEASE TELL UR EMPLOYEES TO WASH THEIR HANDS AND VEGETABLES THOROUGHLY!
Delicious food and beer, and excellent service! Our waitress recommended the lobster ravioli which is apparently a staff favorite and I can definitely attest to that. It was very creamy and delicious. My husband ordered a bouillabaisse dish and was also very pleased. The fixed price menu of 20 for a salad, main, and dessert is a steal considering the quality of the food. For dessert we enjoyed the raspberry crem brulee (amazing) and chocolate tart (also excellent, but almost TOO rich). We both really liked the schwarzbier, and I enjoyed my pumpkin beer. Overall, an excellent dining choice in Niagara Falls. Don't waste your money on the tourist traps!
Was recommended by many friends went for lunch had lunch special $9 Caesar  salad and lobster and crab sandwich both were very good did wait awhile for food but food was worth the wait will be back for dinner in the near future oh yes server very pleasant but not pushy
Reservations are highly recommended. They have a farm to table menu meaning most if not all items are local. Along with being a restaurant they are also a brewery. My husband and I went here while on our honeymoon. They have a pre fixe menu for $20. I ordered the caprese salad, lobster ravioli and chocolate creme brûlée. My husband ordered a mixed green salad, new york strip ($6 up charge, well worth it) and chocolate creme brûlée. Delicious!! I highly recommend tasting their beers, Nut Brown was my favorite. A definite must try if in Niagara Falls, ON
Food was ok. Very fresh, but lacking in flavor. Great atmosphere. Service was terrible. Don't sit up at the front of the restaurant. It took 10 minutes to get our drinks and about another 30 for our appetizers. Seems like a good deal on a not semi body night.
This restaurant was a great find through Yelp.  I emailed them while on the train to make a reservation.  The train was late and it was farther than anticipated, so we were 20 minutes late but they held the table for us.  The dishes were beautifully presented and delicious, the service was terrific, and they even called us a cab to return to our hotel.  The $20 three-course menu was a bargain compared to all the touristy restaurants in the Falls area.  As for the negative comments on the strawberry shortcake dessert -- it's a nice dessert but it's not the traditional strawberry shortcake, it's more like a cobbler.  The beers were awesome.  If I'm ever in Niagara falls again, I will surely be back.
