The service here was amazing, our waitress frequently came by to check on us and was extremely friendly and cordial. Food and drinks were served extremely quickly. Food was delicious and of generous portion size.
This is a fantastic place - really really good food with fresh tastes, terrific wine at excellent prices, and a friendly and very sophisticated and helpful staff.  Don't miss this find.
This place was a warm, welcoming oasis just far enough away from the madness (and cheese) of Clifton Hill-- and a fantastic, non-chain dining experience during our trip to Niagara Falls. We were treated well by the attentive servers, who answered our questions regarding wine recommendations (a crispy Greek white) and the source of their a-mazing bread (a bakery just down the street) and were very pleasant overall. We shared the feta and olive appetizer, which had more feta than I'd ever seen in one place, outside a deli counter; I had the eggplant stack (blanking on the actual name, sorry!) and my dining companion went with the lamb. Each entree came with rice (nothing remarkable), delicate haricots verts, and mysteriously tasty roasted potatoes (I'm thinking olive oil was the secret ingredient here). Should we ever find ourselves in Niagara Falls again, we'd definitely consider a repeat visit!
Nice atmosphere.  Good wine selection.  Calamari was perfectly cooked. Lamb shank was outstanding.  Highly recommended.
This resturant was great!!!!!!! Great food,great service........... Thanks yelp
I wish I could give it 10 stars!!!! Amazing food and service. Had the eggplant and beef patties to start. So so tasty! They also give you freshly baked bread. Ordered gyro as entree and.... I almost died and went to heaven. It was that good!!!! Waitress was so friendly. Such a hidden gem. Going back again tomorrow! Oh the Greek salad is the best ever
We were in search of good food during our trip to Niagara Falls and this place was great.  Delicious tadtziki dip, yummy salads and really good entries.  I had the lamb leg and husband had the pork.  Very tasty, great service and a very nice place.  Worth the drive away from the touristy craziness.
It's nice to find a local restaurant with homemade food in the midst of all the chains in Niagara. The Chef/owner is Greek and the food is amazing! Entrees come with warm garlic loaf and Greek salad with generous amounts of the best feta cheese I've ever had. I order the moussaka which is also fantastic - plated beautifully with rice, roasted potatoes and grilled fresh veggies. On one visit, the chef came out to chat and brought us complimentary baklava. Highly recommend!
We tried this restaurant based on the 5 reviews listed here.  While the decor is indeed very classy, we found the food to be pretty ordinary and the lamb not especially good.  The Moussaka, however, was very good and so was the salad.    It's probably better than most of the places on that strip of road, but not up to a lot of Greek food we've eaten.  If taking your kids, make sure there's something on the menu they can eat.
In Niagara Falls for a 3 day family vacation with our 7 year old, and we found Koutouki using yelp. My husband was born and raised in Athens, Greece and we live in an area with a "Greektown" so our Greek restaurant standards are pretty high. We were concerned that there were only a few cars in the parking lot and not too many people in the restaurant. It was Monday night, so not too shocking. Our worries were unfounded as we had an awesome meal. We had the octopus appetizer, which was tender and delicious. We had the lamb and the grilled pork entrees all served with a delicious salad, oven potatoes, sautéed green beans and zucchini and a small serving of rice pilaf. Everything was cooked and prepared to perfection.  Everything was fresh and beautifully presented.   Lovely decor and attentive waitstaff. If you are in the area, and you like Greek food, don't miss this hidden gem!  Reasonably priced for this quality of food.  I hope we are this lucky for our remaining two nights :)
Great food! Away from touristy area. Large portions. Nice atmosphere. Started off with appetizers pita and loaf bread with four kinds of dip. The cucumber and roasted eggplant were personal favorites. Along with a two person platter which was lamb and pork and veggies (plenty for three)  also came with delicious moussaka! Overall good in every aspect!
We ventured to KouTouki based solely on the positive Yelp! reviews. Otherwise we may never have visited this excellent restaurant. My in-laws live in the Falls and hadn't heard of it -- not to mention the fact that this section of Ferry street is more than a little grimy. Nevertheless, we packed into the car and found it quite easily. We were pleased to find that there is ample, well-lit parking, which wasn't apparent from the street at first. The restaurant used to be a seafood restaurant and has probably existing in other incarnations. There are large booths fronted with brick piles, huge wooden tables, and wooden floors. I'm not sure if a previous tenant would have added the cowboy-like decor, or if that decor is supposed to be Greek, but it all sort of works in its own way and it's quite cozy. There's a pretty big wine line, some cocktails, and a few beers on tap. Nothing exceptional in this department. As expected by so many review, the food was quite exceptional. I had the Biftekia, which is ground beef patties, and it was succulent and delicious.  So many great flavours! The potatoes and veggies that came as sides were also expertly prepared. The service was also fantastic -- very friendly and helpful! We'll be back.
Was here for dinner on a Saturday night.  The service was excellent.  The atmosphere is really nice.  We ordered the saganaki (sp?) and it was awesome! A bit pricey but tasty.  The bread was fresh and warm.  I had the dish that starts with a "P" and follows moussaka (?) on the menu. It was delicious!  My friend had the rack of lamb and said it was cooked perfectly.   I'll definitely come back new time I'm in the area.
Decided to bring my family here for dinner based on Yelp reviews.  I have two 4 year old twins and they do not eat very much so we decided to order the grilled octopus appetizer, souvlaki chicken dinner & souvlaki pork dinner for the 4 of us. We were there at 5pm for an early dinner and there were maybe 10 others there. The octopus was a little bland but it may be because I was expecting something more like the grilled squid I've had in the past.  It was still very tender. The pork souvlaki was a bit over cooked and dry. The chicken souvlaki was perfect and tender.  My favourite of the night. All of the sides (potatoes, rice, veges) were very good and the tatziki was amazing and the greek salad was the best I've had with the very smooth feta. The waiter was very attentive and the food came out quickly. I would have given this review a 4 star for the food and service but the price was higher than average and they charged a "split" fee of $5.  The octopus was $17 and the souvlakis were between $18 and $20.  The bill without any drinks or dessert was just under $70 + tip.  I did see the note on the menu about the $5 split fee if an entree is not ordered but to charge it for 4 year olds is poor customer service in my opinion.  To be fair they had some kids menu options for around $10 but we didn't think we would be able to finish all that food and we were right since there was food left over. I would recommend this place if you like greek food, large portions and if you can avoid the split fee. Another plus is that they have parking (although we didn't realize that and parked on the street).
This place was absolutely beautiful! The decor was amazing and since we had reservations we had this awesome little private booth. I wasn't too thrilled with the pastitsio .. It was a bit bland for me and seemed like something I could accomplish on my own. My boyfriend raved about the chicken souvlak. A must try is the saganaki (fried cheese appetizer), but it was delicious and they bring it out to your table and set it on fire! The baklava was also fantastic. It was a pretty amazing experience and I loved it! Not in the heart of the tourist area so you can expect some privacy and relaxed atmosphere. Very large portions and reasonably priced so come ready to eat and enjoy!
Amazing place! We ordered the pork souvlaki, the chicken souvlaki, the moussaka and another lasagna-like dish. We also ordered two starters: grilled octopus and fried calamari. Everything was really great, and these six dishes fed 8 of us comfortably! Standouts, for me at least, was the octopus and the chicken. Servers are so friendly and the price is reasonable if you order smartly.
Food was great! Their fresh bread was a nice touch. Loved the feta red pepper spread for appetizer. My favorite! Definitely a lot nicer on the inside vs what the building looks like. Free parking. Would definitely go back and try more things. Service was a little slow.
My bf and were came here early on a Friday night. The hostess greatest and seated us right away. When out server came to our table we informed here that we had plans after diner and we asked her if it was reasonable to expect to be out of here within an hour. She said that shouldn't be a problem. We ordered a saganaki to start, and I ordered the moussaka as my main and my bf ordered the lamb. The food came out quickly as promised. The saganaki with fresh bread as was excellent, as was the complimentary salad. Unfortunately I didn't love the moussaka, it was just ok and kind of on the cold side (I would not order it again). But on a positive note the side of veg was good and not over cooked. Overall I would give this experience a 3.5 (rather than a 4) out of 5.
Great food, great ambiance. A little pricey even at Canada dollars. $12 CND for the Saganaki Opa. A little steep for a bit of cheese & bread. (Most places, the opa is pricey). I found a long hair like fiber in my salad. I did not think it was human, seemed like a fiber from a towel. I did not say anything to the staff, it really did not bother me. Free parking on their private lot, that's a plus for the area.
Really great and tasty food - especially the grilled octopus was so juicy and tender! Comparable to what I've had before in Greece. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. The wine by the glass selection could use more choices though.
food was real good, bread was real good. prices a little high for my tastes and server was horribly aloof and didnt seem like he cared we were there. but overall, a good place, about the only greek restaurant there, and it is owned by a native greek from Larissa. nice dark cozy kind of atmosphere and not too busy. give it a 5 stars, what the heck.
My family and I really enjoyed this place on every level. Warm, inviting décor. Very, very friendly waiter (who was pretty hot too, but I was with family and had to play nicey-nice) and the food left me in a coma! sooooo good! We arrived right when dinner started but I think the lunch menu was similar and less expensive. the only reason it didn't get five stars is a I thought it might be slightly overpriced but couldn't tell because of the exchange rate. Haven't been to Canada for years and wasn't sure what the average price point is for Greek food. However, it may be the average price. It was still outstanding and worth going back. Parking lot on side of building.
Amazing Greek Food!  I would gladly eat here again.  The food is fresh and well prepared.  The wait staff are friendly and knowledgable.  The layout is great.  Our favorite meal in town.
My partner found this place on Yelp and we were certainly glad to escape the dreary mass of chain restaurants near the falls and experience this one-of-a-kind gem! (Two Tona Romas, Two The Keg, and a bazillion Applebees are enough to make this Yelper a sad panda). The decor was beautiful. Elegant, tasteful, and not overdone. Lighting was good for a date. The calamari was tasty, and came with a nice tzatziki sauce. Unfortunately, after our appetizer was delivered, our waiter disappeared for 15 minutes, so I didn't have the opportunity to ask for another wedge of lemon. We were also served a loaf of bread, but there was no butter, oil, vinegar, nor dipping sauce of any kind. The bread was good, but I don't know if it was stand-on-its-own good. We asked for butter twice and we were told they would have to microwave some. Perhaps my American tastes are strange, but I'm used to being served something to moisten up my bread. The salads were delicious. The feta cheese isn't your typical crumbly hard bricks - it's fresh, soft, and creamy, and they are generous with it. The vegetables on the salad were fresh and tasty. Our entrees were a complete delight. She had the rack of lamb stuffed with the delicious aforementioned feta cheese, which was fall-of-the-bone succulent and tender, with a delicious sauce. I had the roasted red pepper stuffed chicken, with a likewise delicious sauce, and enjoyed every bite. The lemon potatoes on the side were so good that they made me desperate for a recipe, and the green bean medley was also fresh and delicious. The rice accompaniment, which seems unnecessary given that we already had starch in the form of those heavenly potatoes, was a bit bland and needed salt to be edible. I think of all the meals I had in Niagara, this was the highlight. I'm only knocking a star because the service (in a relatively empty restaurant, since it was late at night on a Sunday) was definitely not up to par with the rest of the experience.
I rarely give anyplace five stars, because it can always be better, but this one came close.  For those that know me, I would rather eat an almond butter sandwich in my room than frequent a chain restaurant, and doubly so in a tourist trap town. In Niagara Falls, ON, just beyond the trap lies this little gem serving up a taste of the Med.  The servers were friendly, the food fresh and nicely seasoned, and they had three ouzo choices for an aperitif. The couple eating beside me were raving about the "moose caca" and I would have tried it but needed something lighter, opting instead for the souvlaki with tzatziki sauce.  The salad and bread were fresh and tasty.   Thanks yelp for another great find.
This place is awesome.  The Koutouki Grill for two was smashing.  2 skewers each of chicken and pork & 4 lamb chops grilled perfectly to order, plus pastitsio on the side that was impeccable.  It was a huge amount of food including string beans, potato and rice.. We thought it was more suitable for three people! Saganaki "Opa!" was served with style.  Complimentary Greek salad was tasty too.   If you're staying at the falls seek this place out for down to earth, excellent, satisfying Greek food and good wine also... And away from the tourist hordes.
This is why I love Yelp. Arrived in Niagara Falls, Ontario on a Monday evening for a business meeting that was to begin on Tuesday morning.  Checked into the hotel, went online, found the LCBO where I could buy an affordable bottle of decent wine for the room, and then found this place.  Drove over and enjoyed a tasty dinner at a reasonable price in a warm space with kind service. Great lighting and decor -- very cozy.  Service was very friendly.  Lamb was delectable.  Salad was amazing -- maybe the best Greek salad I've ever had. Nice spot away from the glitz and "glamor" of this tourist trap town. Thanks, fellow Yelpers!
Great food. Reasonably priced. My husband and I stopped for lunch, which is difficult to do in Niagara off season as most places aren't open for lunch. Michael the owner was gem and the food even better. We had to have Saganaki and it was the largest I have had in any Greek restaurant. Excellent. Gyro plates also very good. My hubby got salad instead of fries and I wish I had chosen the salad after tasting his! We did not indulge but was impressed by the fully stocked bar, and yes, you could sit at the bar for drinks or wine. Give this place a try. It does not disappoint!
Everything was absolutely fantastic. Great service, chill ambiance and the food was top die for. This place  is a must.
Not sure if this was just an off day for our server but she came off extremely rude and absentminded.   When we first walked in, we were ignored while our server chatted on the phone for a few minutes ignoring our arrival.  After standing and staring at her for an awkward amount of time, we were seated. The lunch specials are definitely a better deal than anything else on the menu and the food was an average serving. After the food was brought out, we were ignored until we flagged the server down for our check.  She then proceeded to take another phone call and didn't motion to bring us the check...ever.   I angrily got up and walked towards the cash register (where she was on the phone) and put down cash to pay and get out of there. Overall, terrible service.  Decent food.  Definitely not worth the walk from downtown.
I found this place through Yelp. I had a great experience, staff are friendly and provide great service. It was nice to get away from the franchised restaurants that are constantly over packed with people. It's only slightly further out compared to the other restaurants by the Falls. If you like cheese, "Saganaki" is a must try, it's under the appetizers. They basically serve a slab of cheese on a hot pan and which is set it on fire in front of you; the then squirt lemon on top of it to put the fire out. It served with bread, although I just prefer eating the cheese alone to get a good taste of it. For the main course it comes with a traditional Greek salad. I ordered Papousaki and my boyfriend ordered Moussaka. Pictures are posted. The food was delicious I was stuffed. If you like Greek food, and if you would like to get away from all the madness by the Falls, this would be a great restaurant to go to.
I recommend making reservations. The rack of lamb cooked medium rare was AMAZING.  The potatoes melted in your mouth. The layered eggplant was good too, but I will recommend the lamb.
Lamb chops and Chicken souvlaki are very good.  The service was average, our order was mixed up  but it was corrected without a hassle. The Pastitsio wasn't very good however, found the pasta to be over cooked and the topping was cold.
Five of us enjoyed an excellent dinner here on a Friday night. We enjoyed everything we ordered and would especially recommend the flaming cheese (Opa!) and char grilled octopus appetizers. The server was friendly and helpful, and the ambiance was nice as well. This was not a touristy restaurant and we would highly recommend it.
We had a fantastic lunch here. First off the waitress that greeted us at the door, seated us and served us was probably the friendliest person I've met in a long time. She really seemed like she loved her job. The food was great. My wife had a vegetarian pita wrap (I cant recall the name of it) and side Greek salad, which were both great. I had a large Greek salad, which was also fantastic. They give you the option for a traditional Greek salad or the one with lettuce which was nice. The restaurant itself was very nice, clean and well set up. We were very impressed with our lunch and will be back again when we are in the area.
So had the family on vacation, and using Yelp, came across this restaurant in Niagara Falls in Canada. At first, my wife turned up her nose at this choice. (She's not a big fan of Greek food, as they tend to cover everything in yogurt per her.) The restaurant is just outside what I consider the tourist zone around near the falls. That's a good thing, as most of those restaurants appear to be overpriced traps there. We came in for an early dinner, as the place only had a few tables going at the time. Decor was nice, and comfortable looking with a combination of booths and chairs. Definitely made you feel at home. We ordered the chicken kabobs to split for my kids, while my wife had a pork loin plate, and I had the salted cod. The food was absolutely cooked to perfection, from the plating, to the originality, to the taste. Seasoning was spot on. Everything on the plate worked well together, and was prepared fresh. It was abundantly clear the executive chef and kitchen staff knew exactly what they were doing. Prices are a little high, but appropriate for the area, and the portions are very generous. (We had leftovers to take back to the room.) The service was above par. Our waiter was attentive, supplying us with fresh bread hot from the oven to open our meal. When my wife asked for coffee during dinner, he brewed her a fresh pot on the spot. She also remarked that the coffee was quite good. All in all, the best meal on our long vacation. Our kids (who can be finicky) loved it, and my wife was completely won over by this restaurant, and now is a fan of Greek food.
I found a review online and figured I'd give it a try. My wife and I were enjoying a mini 24th wedding anniversary weekend at the Falls.  I could have chose one of the many hotels with rotating rooms for views of the falls,  but I didn't, I chose KouTouki based on others reviews.  Best anniversary dinner in a long, long time.  Everything from the starter to the mains and then dessert, WOW!  Our waiter was fantastic, implanted for Manchester, UK,  very knowledgable of the menu, and assisted us on our meal selections,  so thank you Mike.  Our trip was made by viewing the Majestic Niagara Falls and all her glory,  but it is our meal that we had at KouTouki that we keep mentioning to friends as the highlight of our weekend.  Can't wait to go back!
Phenomenal place. The staff was very welcoming and recommendations were amazing. The chicken souvlaki was tender and tasty. The octopus appetizer was the best we had. Oh and the flaming cheese!!!
Absolutely excellent experience. Complimentary Greek salads and bread was a nice surprise. The salads had all fresh ingredients. My girlfriend loved her pastitsio but thought it could have been a little sweeter. My lamb shank was spot on and the meat was tenderly falling off the bone. Michael our server really put it over the top. He was extremely friendly and accommodating. The prices were great too. Incredible experience. Definitely beats any other more touristy restaurant.
Found this place through yelp and the food was delicious. It's a bit out of the way but definitely worth a visit. We ordered Dolmadakias and the KouTouki platter for 2 which came with chicken and pork skewers, lamb chops and Moussaka. They also gave us salad and fresh home-made bread along with it. It was a great deal. The bread was really soft. It was seasoned with olive oil and herbs which made it taste even better. The Greek salads were pretty awesome too. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly! This place is definitely worth a repeat visit.
Nice place on non busy part of Lundy's Lane.  Busy on Friday night at 8pm.  Ordered moussaka and chicken souvlaki.  Meal came with salad, bread, potatoes and veggies.  Server was friendly and attentive.  Moussaka was a generous square of the best moussaka I have ever had!  Light fluffy yet crispy golden bechamel sauce atop delicious eggplant zucchini and spiced ground beef.  Chicken souvlaki was a delicious tender juicy marinated morsels of goodness.  Veggies and potatoes on the side were fresh and crispy.
The key to Niagara Falls is to avoid the tourist traps. The entire city revolves around tourism, so you need to watch out. If you are looking for a good restaurant that is not part of the downtown trap, this would be a good option. It is a little out of the way on Ferry street, but still walkable. We stayed near downtown and it was about a 5-10 minute walk. This area really does not have much in terms of culinary excellence/variety (a lot of typical meat and potatoes places) so finding a Greek restaurant like KouTouki was a welcome surprise. The decor is very nice and welcoming. It would be good for a large group if you had one. The staff was very friendly-- our waiter was more than happy to make suggestions about activities and tips on avoiding tricks, etc. The food is good, but maybe not excellent. It is a very typical Greek menu (maybe even a slightly boring version of one) done well. We tried the spinach pie as an app, which was really good. We also tried a Greek salad with gyro meat on top (something not on the menu but they were happy to make) and a gyro on pita with Greek salad. We came for lunch. The gyro meat was a bit too thick/dry, but still good flavor. The salads was fresh and very flavorful. Overall, it is good food. If you are looking for a good spot away from the craziness of downtown (12$ rides up the Skylon Tower anybody?) I would recommend KouTouki. The prices are good and the food is better than most other places around here.
Delicious food, great service, generous portions, highly recommend.. Discovered it through yelp.
What an oasis in a sea of mediocre dining chain options. Great Greek food,nice service, and at reasonable prices.  While they dont have a kids menu, the souvlaki and calamari were big hits.  But don't miss the leg of lamb. Quite possibly, one of my top 10 dishes I've eaten this year.
I was in Niagara Falls for a night and used Yelp to find KouTouki.  It was so awesome!  It was a weeknight in November, so there was almost no one else there.  The staff were super nice and suggested I get the ground patties (I forget the name of the dish).  It was cooked really well, and the sides were all yum.  Combine the generous portion with the bread they started me off with and I was full with food left over for lunch the next day.  It was great to escape the super-touristy chain-restaurant portion of Niagara and find this place.
By far the best meal we've had here in Niagara Falls. Very friendly and attentive waitstaff, beautifully and comfortably decorated. The food was amazing and was beautifully presented. There isn't a kids menu, but my kids enjoyed the chicken breast stuffed with roasted red pepper and feta cheese.
This place is warm, inviting and away from the majority of the tourist rush. The staff was friendly, prompt, and knowledgeable. The food here was GREAT. It was one of the best places I ate while in Niagara Falls.
Fantastic food, given the lousy dining options in Niagara. The Gyro Pita is very tasty, especially the uniquely cut meat strips.
Every aspect of our meal was very good to excellent, the service, the food, the atmosphere.  I'd say this place is worth going out of your way for. The chicken souvlaki was well seasoned, moist and cooked well, not burnt like many I have had at other restaurants.  The lemon potatoes were quite tasty, I believe perhaps cooked with chicken broth.  We also thought the tzatziki, provided with the souvlaki, was one of the best that we have had in a restaurant.  The Moussaka was generous in size, nicely browned on the top and delicious.
As we were driving on Ferry St. we saw that beautiful sign of the restaurant.  The restaurant is inviting and has authentic look and music. The offerings on the menu are in Greek with explanations in English. We decided to order from the Mezethes menu to explore a large variety of flavors.  Everything was superb.  A Must Have is the OCTOPUS STA KARVOUNA-- Char broiled tender octopus. All the spreads that were made fresh were phenomenal. An amazing celebration for our taste buds. Must be explored. Dr. A & Dr. B. Gillat.
Amazing food served by a friendly staff. Definitely looking forward to returning and having more grilled octopus.
I want to preface by saying that the food here was really great. It was more of an issue with the service. We were promptly greeted and the host was very nice, but the server took forever with taking our order and bringing us our appetizer and drinks. We asked for refills on water multiple times before getting any, nearly at the end of our meal. The service was generally incredibly slow and somewhat unfriendly. Also, my boyfriend and I ordered the same thing, and even after confirming that we wanted two orders, only brought one, much to the dismay of my starving boyfriend. The food was good but the horrible service was enough to bring it to three stars.
Went with family. Great service. Good souvlaki quantity. Moussaka best I've had. Eggplant/ mint dip very refreshing. Go for the food rather than ambience or location
Went in for to go order and was treated like  royalty by the hostess who helped me with the menu and advised me what was quick since I was in a hurry / stuffed lamb Was to die for!!! As a business traveler here I appreciated the  good food, good service and good value.
