Yank was in a very good location, right next to a $5 all day parking lot. Which you should take advantage of, if you drove. It took us a while to find parking. We got the Poutine fries. It was my first time having Poutine. I thought they put way too much gravy and it tasted a bit salty. Second dish was the Mexican Cheesecake, which did not disappoint. That thing is hot, so be careful not to burn your mouth. We finished off with buffalo and bbq wings. The BBQ wings hit the spot!
Sucked The only old bar in Niagara it was awful.  What a disappointment!!!! Ordered a couple of beers and some wings.  The service was terrible and the wings were gross. To top it off, 4 beers and an order of wings cost 40 dollars with gratuity.   What a rip off, don't bother Thanks
Yanks is definitely not outside of the tourist trap.  It's right across from the gateway to hell, er, I mean, Clifton Hill.  However, nothing about Yanks screams "tourist," which was a welcome change in Niagara. The wings at Yanks are fantastic!  We shared the medium and honey garlic.  Yanks makes their own sauce, but I definitely preferred the medium.  The wings had plenty of meat, and the bartender was cool with us requesting all drumsticks.   The blue cheese sauce is out of this world.  It's extra creamy and contains massive chunks of blue cheese.  This is nothing like the blue cheese sauce I have had anywhere else.  We asked for extra, and I started using the wings more like a spoon for the sauce. Yanks has several local beers on tap, the Cranberry Wheat beer is a good summertime option.  There's a few TVs in here, which are tuned to local sports events. The bartender was friendly; the only thing "tourist" about Yanks was the $4 I paid for a Pepsi.  But overall I really liked Yanks.
Great food. Ate here for lunch after a Niagara Boat tour and was pleasantly surprised - not super touristy like the other places surrounding.
I will rate a 00 star if there is the option. This is the worst place I have been. Came on a Saturday afternoon with my family includes kids at 3 pm, restaurant was not even full. After waited for almost 1 hour, asked waitress. Answer we got is there is nothing we can do, you saw it, we are busy, it's JUST 40 minutes!!!! JUST 40 mins? I told her can we please have what ever is ready first since the kids are hungry. But still only thing we got is I am sorry, you saw we are busy, and then waitress went away and started chatting with others!!! We followed up after another 10 mins, still, we were told you got to wait! JUST 40 mins??? Biggest joke I heard!
Finally a place that keeps it real. Typical pub you'd find back home without the mark up from tourist traps. I ordered the chicken fingers and my boyfriend got the burger. Both were delicious and well portioned. The fries are really really good. Almost like McDonald's fries. I didn't give five stars because a Coke was $4.00! I ordered a somerbys and it was $6.00 but a fountain drink shouldn't be $4.00.
Went here for lunch with my wife and two kids. Waited for someone to see us for about 10 minutes when one of the patrons told us that we could seat ourselves. After another five or 10 minutes, a server finally came over to our table. We ordered a chicken sandwich and a pizza. The chicken sandwich was bland and tasteless. Being that I am from NY, I would say that the pizza was high school cafeteria grade. I had a Seelman's Original draft beer, which was pretty good. Prices were good for the area, but not good enough to justify the quality of the food. Look elsewhere.
Considering this place is in the heart of everything annoying about Niagra Falls, my friends and I found Yanks Old to be a perfect escape from the crowds.  We came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, a beer and to watch one of the world cup games.   It was pretty much empty with just a few people at the bar and maybe a table or two full.  Most were enjoying a drink and watching the game as well.  The bartender was friendly and took our order without issue. The beer selection was okay, so we choose some classic Canadian brew.  I thought the cooler where they keep the glasses cold was really awesome - loved the look of it. We ordered chicken fingers with fries and the poutine.  I can't eat cheese, but my husband thought the poutine was tasty.  It had the traditional cheese curds and gravy. Nothing mind blowing, but a tasty snack regardless.  It was rather large so either be hungry or share.  The chicken fingers were crisp and juicy.  It was a huge portion so I forced a few on to my friend who wasn't hungry.  The fries were tasty too. Overall, a tasty lunch and a great seat at the bar to watch some sports.  What more can you ask for?
Great hangout with good food. I'm not a beer fan, so I tend to order mixed drinks. Unfortunately mixed drinks wasn't the bartender's strength and they have a limited wine list. We ordered a custom pizza and I'd recommend it, albeit a little pricey with tons of toppings. The atmosphere is awesome... It's a bar with great music and good people watching. I could hang out there for hours. It's an authentic place and not a tourist trap. The bartender claimed it is the oldest bar in Niagara and knew a lot about its history. I wouldn't hesitate to go there again. I love the atmosphere. I would suggest avoid taking kids, but tweenies and up would be ok. One note, the restrooms (at least the men's) are small and may be a challenge for somebody with a disability. I would guess the door was only 24 inches wide.
I don't know how this place exists, but it's a godsend. A piece of good ol' Yankee freedom right in the middle of Tourist Trap, Niagara Falls. We came for beer, poutine, and wings, but stayed to watch the World Cup on their multiple flat screen TVs. Spacious seating, a small but fair selection on tap, and agreeably priced bar food to round out the visit. Family friendly, at least in the daytime, and from the ads on the wall seems like they have some live music in the evenings. Will definitely choose Yanks over neighbouring spots whenever I come back to the Falls.
Probably the best place I've went to at my time in Niagara Falls. Not only is the food here affordable it is also delicious. Yank's Canadian Club - A "must-get" here. The chicken was juicy and had a very distinct charred flavor. Poutine - For around 8-9 bucks, you get a huge platter of fries with hot gravy and cheese. It's a large platter so be sure to split it with another person. Overall, this place definitely deserves 5 stars. Cheap and great food at a great location.
What a great place... Very low key nothing crazy... Till the Food comes out!!! We had cherry filled peppers (2 die 4) the steak sandwich (the best I ever had) I'll take the philly challenge any day! Drinks were great and the service was better than the food! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
Just slightly off the beaten path so we felt like we were escaping the madness that is that area.   Had a nice window seat, the bartender was friendly and the food was decent for a reasonable price. Mexican cheesecake was tasty.  Pizza was not bad.
Mediocre (at best) food, pool-bar ambience, mystifyingly high Yelp reviews. Yanks serves the kind of reheated-from-frozen dishes you can get at any crappy bar in Canada, and doesn't have a single local beer on tap. It's on the low end of average, even for the tourist-trap surroundings.
Amazing food (get the Yankee cheese steak!) but there was only one server for the whole place. I'm not sure if it's usually like this, but it did take over 40min to get our food. Friendly staff but it did take a long time.
Good reviews so we tried it out. Wife was unsure of the place but we found that they had very very good pizza.  Very reasonable prices too.
We came for a quick drink and ended up staying for a few hours. Staff and atmosphere are awesome. Had Thai chilli wings and Blanco pizza both were amazing.
For bar food, it's pretty dean yummy. Try the Mexican Cheesecake. More of a dip than anything. Pizzas are large...3 could share the Cantina salad and a pizza. Very nice, homey service.
Reasonable prices for very good sized portions.  Not a huge beer selection, but several interesting choices that are not your standard fare.  Definitely a place to consider if you are looking for something local, not a chain restaurant.
A great little dive bar in the tourist trap area of Niagara Falls. Many nights seem to have live music, and it's the kind of place the locals all go to drink without playing inflated Niagara prices.  Poor draft selection but what can you do, and I'd never think of ordering food here (do they even have a kitchen?) But as I said, friendly service and a divey atmosphere is my kind of place, just wish they'd get some stouts on tap! We will return for sure, we tend to go once every time we're in Niagara.  Cheers!
Terrible service, and it was even packed, there were only 2 tables of costumes and that's including mine. The food... Ugh. Not worth it. Even though it wasn't expensive, I felt I overpaid. Yes, it was that bad and worse.
Food was good. Service was slow which I already knew would be an issue from others (confirming!). We had a party of six. Two kids burgers, two poutine with steak, chicken strips and a pound of Thai chili wings. Wings not that great, sauce was range up as hot garlic that could explain why they didn't taste like Thai chili... The poutine was good-never had it so nothing to compare against. Portions were big. We sat at the table for almost ten minutes before receiving menus and water but the food came out much quicker than I expected based on reviews and size of our party. I agree with other reviews that some are strongly inflated but I'd return.
Service takes a long time as there r only 2 people managing everything.. But the food is great.. Pizza is fresh n crispy.. Wings are worth a try.. Poutine is different in its own way
Service - nice Location - near the tourist spots Price - cheaper than nearby restaurants Food - ehhh. Poutine was very salty and soggy. Mexican cheesecake was good. It's basically cream cheese, chili and cheese melted on top served with tortilla chips. Yankee cheese steak sandwich was very salty and greasy. Wings were mediocre but the thai chili sauce for it was good. Drinks -they had beer on draft and bottles
Awesome place for a casual dinner after a day of sightseeing. Grab a seat at the bar, order a Molsen, some fatty poutine and wings and watch hockey. Greek salad was huge. Cool locals feel for out of towners. Highly recommend this place.
I was on a mission to try poutine when I was in Canada so I set out to find some then chose this place thanks to my fellow yelpers! The fries were not fresh cut fries but the gravy and cheese curd topping was on point, and it needed to be to counteract the freezer fries.   The beer was priced right, making it mighty easy to down a pitcher of Sleeman's a piece.  If you are unfamiliar with Sleeman's, it was a good light beer choice for a hot day but - if you want a pitcher, get Sleeman's, but if you want one great glass, get something else.   The my fiance and the other couple we were with all had wings that they raved about for days.  I didn't try them so my 3 star rating is not based on them.   The prices were lower than anticipated considering this divey joint is in a rather touristy area.   If I ever return to Niagara, I will definitely be going back to Yanks.
Yank's is a local family owned pub. Came here in the afternoon on New Year's Eve with my fiancé for a ball game. Very friendly and accommodating service! Joyce, owner's aunt, makes killer ceasers! As for the food- Wings-we did the honey garlic And medium. These were excellent. The chicken is roasted tender then fried for that perfect fall off the bone yet crispy bite tossed in your choice of sauce. Mexican Cheesecake- this was solid. Beef with three seasoning baked with cream  cheese and topped with cheddar. If it were me I would have just ordered more wings!!! Seriously more wings!!!!
I was looking for somewhere to eat with 5 friends after driving over the bridge. We found Yanks on yelp and I wish we didn't. I didn't like this place because: - there is no parking - the service is incredibly slow. we waited over an hour for our food. there was 1 other table at the restaurant, so it wasn't because they were busy - The food was mediocre. Between six people we tried A LOT. Caesar salad has no Parmesan cheese on it. Pizza is grease with a side of bread and cheese. Wings don't have enough sauce. Mexican casserole uses the cheap tortilla chips that you find at the ball park. - they were out of the cider we wanted to order - there is no music. and no juke box. The food prices are cheap, and the server friendly but not attentive. I recommending finding a better place to eat.
Good spot amongst l the others in the area. Gravy fries were awesome! Only issue was that at the moment they didn't have draft beer. And the little old lady bartender was super slow. Like really slow! Otherwise this place was good.
There are not many things reasonably priced in Niagara Falls, let alone on Clifton Hill, but the food at Yanks is one of them. It is really easy to walk past, and is just at the top of the hill. If I were a local, I would be a regular.
Best bar and food in Niagara Falls! I travel to Niagara every other week for work and always make sure that I go to Yanks at least once per trip. Service is very friendly, it has a neighborhood bar feel in the middle of the tourist zone. The food is the best bar food in the city and costs half the price of other restaurants!!   It really makes no sense to go to TGI Fridays and get the same ole stuff for twice the price.  On top of that, they always have a respectable selection of local, import and domestic beers on tap. Wings are the best in town, and the pizza is too! Definitely go here if you value good food and want to keep money in your wallet!
My husband and I are in Niagara Falls for the weekend and we wanted somewhere good and reasonably priced for dinner. We decided to check out Yanks. The beer is incredibly well priced, I think my husband's 3 pints were $17 before tax and tip. I had a pop and it was $4, a little pricy but considering the price of the beer it was fine. We each got a pound of wings, my husband got the dry rub cajin and I got the Thai chili. I should mention I usually like a wet, saucy wing so I thought I'd like the Thai. I totally loved the cajin, it was the perfect balance of salty, it was almost like mini fried chicken. Had I not tried the cajin wings I would've loved the Thai chili. They were a bit pricy at just under $10 for each pound but they were really well prepared and worth it. The guy serving us was perfect, attentive but not too obtrusive. There were clearly a lot of locals/regulars.
We were looking for place to eat while our stay in Niagara Falls. It seems to be really hard to find something good. We have tried couple of places before and were very disappointed. We found some good reviews on yelp for this pub and decided to give it a try. The place is a bit small and it's a typical bar atmosphere. But the food we ordered was really good. I had hamburger with some fries so as my bf. our friends ordered veggie pizza and they seems to enjoy it. They didn't have a lot of veggie choices but its normal for a bar. We met the owner he was really nice and friendly... Over all, I would go there again... Good mood is what matters.
While I would probably give this place four stars or so if it were located anywhere else, in Niagara it's an easy 5 stars. If you're in this general area you'll see blocks and blocks of chain restaurants with their prices inflated well above the average (we got in late and had to stop at a Friday's - I believe a plate of chicken tenders was almost $20). Yanks Old Niagara is a sanctuary from everything that is generic. It's possibly the only spot in this area with any personality. It's a nice wood paneled space with a pool table in one corner (which we played on for at least a couple of hours at $1/game). It looks and feels like a cozy dive. I'm not positive, but I think it may be family run too. They had a decent selection of beers on tap on the cheap, and we had a pretty tasty pizza at the end of our few hours here. The best place to stop in and grab a few beers (and maybe a bite) - especially if you're looking to escape the tourist trap that is this stretch of Niagara.
As a tourist in town, I am glad I came here.  Thanks, Yelp for steering me here!  I would have totally missed it otherwise. If you're in town and you dread going to some awful chain place, here is your ticket.  It's much better than the chain nightmares everywhere else.  Looking at you, Kelsey's. Got a pizza, a burger, a beer, and some wings.  I do think some of the reviewers here are a bit overblown with their praise.  All the five star reviews are doing this place a disservice because they are elevating expectations higher than this place can deliver.  Everything was solid.  Not fantastic, but competent.  Nothing wrong with being competent.  But it's not like you'll find the very finest burgers, pizza, and wings ever made.  I was expecting magic based on the reviews, and all I got was a quite tasty lunch.  Don't get it messed up; that's a complaint against the overblown reviews and not the place. The food is a solid 3 stars, but I'll give em 4 because for the location, a "real" place is a breath of fresh air.  Also for the fact the owner/bartender was friendly.  It was pretty obvious we were tourists and yet we were made to feel at home.  Nice guy.  If I ever find my way back to this tourist trap of a town, I'll come back to Yanks.
Wicked wings and cold beer!  What else do you need :) Very welcoming staff, unique in a good way in a very corporate area of the country
Ok, had to be the 1st. I saw all these 5star reviews & had to see this place for myself. My GF & I ordered a pizza, 1lb of "hot" wings & 2 beers...Yes,the beer was mighty tastey & the wings were definitely HOT!, but they were too dry & hard for my taste & i'm sorry, but where i come from (NYC),this would count as a bar pie.  It was the best bar pie i've tasted,but is still 1 step up from microwaved. The bartender was extremely nice & attentive,but charged us for more drinks than we ordered & had to be fixed. Overall great, real down to earth bar, for a touristy area,but not worth 5stars by a longshot. Next time i'll try the burgers & see if theyre what theyre cracked up to be.
First Of all I would like to thank fellow members for recommending this place. I would not have gone there if it were not for the reviews.  There are so many positives with this place. The portions are enormous and the prices are cheap. Location is convenient  and mexican cheesecake is the best thing out there. I suggest to go there before 7 pm for dinner because it can get really busy.
Very Solid.  Love these local places.  We had a group of 14.  Service was good - considering we probably doubled the number of people through most of our time.  Draft beer list was a bit limited, but the Okanagan Pale Ale (from BC) was well liked. #1 reason that we loved it - it was 1/2 the price that we paid at Perkins for lunch. Pizzas - Steak & Cheesy was very good and very filling.  Pepperoni - curls up and burns/crisps - everyone still ate it, so just appeared burnt. Salads - best bar salad probably in my life.  That was unexpected.
Found on Yelp. We went early in the evening, so it wasn't unfriendly to kids. Tasty pizza and Mexican cheesecake (unique dip and nachos). Nice reasonable neighbourhood find in a sea of tourist traps. Only thing I'd change is the nacho chips probably from a bag. They have deep fryers, so can't be that difficult making fresh. That's one star difference.
Great pizza & Wings. Free pool, live music on most days, the TV's play all the good sports games and ICE COLD BEER. 10/10 will go back.
If you have friends visiting from out of town, and are planning to go to Niagara: Skip the falls and go right to Yanks!! I had a friend visiting from Italy, he told me it was one of his "most memorable meals". I think if a Roman Italian says this to you, then it must speak volumes about this restaurant. If they had one in Toronto, I would be there everyday.
ALL five-star reviews? Oh, come on. No one gets reviews like that without gaming the system. I went into Yanks fully intending to be the one to set this situation straight. Then the bartender brought me what could only be described as a five-star burger. I made little noises while eating it. "Are your pizzas this good?" I asked the bartender. "Yeah, that's what we're known for," he told me. "That and the wings." What? Not the burgers? I went back another day to try the pizza, and it lived up to expectations. Excellent, thin crust, good sauce. it compares favorably with Antica, the well-regarded pizza place half a block away. This place is right off the tourist trap nightmare that is Clifton Hill, but somehow, it's quiet and not too crowded. It is absolutely amazing. Fair warning: if you go here on your first day at the Falls, you may not go anyplace else during your visit. You will also walk past the silly tourist places on Clifton Hill and need to suppress the urge to shout, "FOOLS! What are you people DOING here? Yanks is right up there!"
Came here after viewing the falls.  This is a nice sports bar.  I was here in the middle of February, on a Tuesday at that, so the place was pretty empty. However, I Really liked the set up here.  I tried Poutine for the first time here.  I've heard so much about it and from the reviews this seemed like a great place to try some.  The bartender told me this was one of the few places around where I could get authentic Poutine.  I can't say that I am a fan of it after trying it.  Just not my cup of tea.  But that doesn't change my opinion of the place.  I'd definitely come back!
Wings were amazing! So was the Poutine! They also have Somersby Apple Cider (yum). Nice atmosphere and great food!!
Their "hot" wings were delicious, but their "honey garlic" wings were literally dripping in thick, excessively sweet honey and lacking in garlic flavor. I would recommend this place because it is way better than most of the tourist-y restaurants and eateries in the area.
Great food, can't beat the price! Great service and the location is perfect. Clifton hill needs more small , independent places to eat an have a few drinks.
On a business trip to Ontario, I had set out to find the best poutine Niagara Falls has to offer. My hotel was right on the falls and I was looking for a local place to eat rather than a chain restaurant or overly commercialized local restaurant. The block of Niagara Falls reminds me of Las Vegas with the flashing lights and tourist attractions. I had asked a few locals to recommend a place to get some authentic poutine, but to no avail, so I turned to Yelp to find a place to eat. In the area, only one restaurant had five stars, so I'll admit I was suspicious. All the reviews seemed legitimate, so my team and I took off walking to Yanks for dinner. Only a block away, tucked between a gift shop and a wax museum, we found Yanks Old Niagara Bar and Grill. We walked in the front door and it was immediately obvious that it was indeed a bar. It  was a welcome sight among the tourist traps. My team and I sat at a table in the back, away from the pool table and the bartender came right over, with menus, and took our order for some local beers that were on tap. After reviewing the menu, I ordered a steak sandwich and an order of poutine to share. The steak sandwich was not the Philly cheese steak I expected, but rather shaved beef, with some cheese, lettuce and tomato. The roll was fluffy with a good crust, and the whole sandwich came together in a surprisingly perfect manner. Now, the reason we came: the poutine was tremendous. Among tourist trap restaurants that served their "poutine" with shredded cheese, Yanks Old Niagara served with authentic curds and an incredible brown gravy. My team devoured the poutine and we placed an order for another. I'm still trying to figure out how a local bar, off the beaten path, could make such incredible food for a great price. My meal came out to a little over C$20. The food was incredible, the beer selection was great, and the atmosphere was a welcome sight among the flashing lights. I'd certainly recommend Yanks to anyone looking for a quality meal among chain restaurants in Niagara Falls.
This is a special place.  Never seen a down to earth real bar in such a touristy area. I am somewhat of a wings guru and this place literally had the best I have ever had.  My pet peeve for wings is their amount of wetness.  These had none...dry and crispy but with a full amount of sauce taste.  Simply amazing. Cost efficiency is a major plus as well.  We drank straight thru from 8-1130 and the tab was 50 bucks.  If you are even a little bit familiar with the Clifton Hill area of Niagara Falls, Ontario you would recognize how great of a deal this is. In short....GO HERE
Recently visited here on a trip to the Falls. I was amazed by the cheese steak, one of the best sandwiches/Subs I ever had. The fries that I added were quite tasty. As far as pub food goes this is a hidden gem at the Falls. The quality and quantity of the food was fantastic!!   The staff was very friendly and service was good too!! They have about 6 beers on tap, & lots of bottled choices too. Mixed drinks avail for those who like that. Prices were very good for the area, much cheaper than any of the other pubs we visited.  Very down to earth, homey feeling at this place. Will definitely go next time In the area!
This restaurant is RIGHT on the top of Clifton Hill where all the marked up touristy places are... However, this place is about half the price for a massive pizza, two pints of cider, AND a generous appetizer order of poutine (fries with gravy and cheese) for two. If I had known about this place the first night I got here I would have saved quite a chunk of change. The bartender/waiter was also really nice. He was genuine in asking if the meal was alright, instead of asking it as an obligation. If I head back up here or know of anyone who is, I will be sure to send them in the direction of this amazing pub/restaurant!
I'm not gunna hate on Yank's because it's a great pub, perfect dive bar atmosphere, has the game volume on when it should be on and has live music. On a mild Saturday night in January it was rocking, a perfect nightcap to a great night. HOWEVER, I returned the next day for the burger many have raved about and, well, it's just ok. Not homemade, served on a very plain bun. It just didn't eat that well. I guess i had high expectations. While the real cheese curds and gravy are perfect, be warned the fries are frozen. Hey, it was still good but not what Yelp reviewers have built it up to be. I DID see pizza & wings go out and they looked killer. Next time. And yes, there will be a next time. Go to Yank's. Beats all the (over priced) chain "pubs" in the Falls easily. Good times.
More affordable than most places in Niagara Falls. Bar atmosphere,but good food, was my husband and 4 kids . Had beer, stuffed cherry peppers, mexican cheesecake(nachos), poutine, Buffalo chicken tenders. $57 including tip. Went bc of Yelp reviews as did another party of 6. Good find.
Can't even begin to tell you how much I love this place... There's fancier places, there's bigger places, there's places with bigger menus... But these guys just plain get it... GREAT pizzas... GREAT burgers... Mexican cheesecake (need I say more?) But most of all, the people... Real, genuine, good folks. Can't franchise it... Just go!!! You can thank me later...
Came into town for one night. Looking to get away and watch some football. The bar was empty when we arrived around 5:30. Bartender was attentive and extremely helpful in suggesting what the place was known for. We had some draft beers, wings, Mexican cheesecake, and the House white pizza over the course of several hours. Everything was delicious. A little later in the evening it started to get a little busy. Lots of tables with lots of children. A little strange as it didn't necessarily strike me as a family dining atmosphere, but I am an out-of-towner and many seemed like locals. As it got busy, it was increasingly more difficult to get our bartender/server's attention. No harm though, the experience was complete at that point. We will be back.
"Supper here on 5/16/13 with my family. New York pizza, Philly steak sandwiches and Caesar salad all excellent. Wait staff was attentive but not overbearing. Great atmosphere and experience."
It's on the really touristy strip (Clifton Hills), but the food is good and well priced for the area. + TVs with sports on.
We were looking for authentic Buffalo wings and asked our concierge where the best place in town was. He directed us to Yanks. Let me tell you, he wasn't wrong! The wings were awesome! We ordered the Hottest option but they weren't too hot. The shoestring fries were also delicious. In an attempt to be somewhat healthy I ordered a garden salad with low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised when I received a large bowl full of fresh romaine lettuce and crisp veggies. The bartender was also helpful and directed us to a great new place for dinner. If we ever find ourselves in Niagara Falls again, we will be sure to stop by Yanks.
Great food, limited beer, very loud.
After a long day of walking up and down the streets near the Falls, beer and pizza is always an excellent combo.  After reading reviews, we came here and had wings, pizza (cheesesteak pizza), and a Greek salad.  The wings were slightly dry but otherwise good with good hot sauce, the pizza was excellent with a thin, crispy crust, and the salad was fresh and crispy (unexpectedly in a place featuring its bar over food).  The beer - pale ale - hit the spot.  Service was fast and friendly. Afterward, we went out and watched the evening light show at the Falls.
Went yesterday and I loved this place ... I recommend the yanks cheese steak. The waitress was very friendly. We went around 6pm and spent 45$ it's such a good place
I'm having a hard time understanding all the 5 star reviews. I thought this place was extremely mediocre. The service was slow and the food was nothing special. On the other hand the prices were pretty reasonable and the place was not very busy, so there's that, but I would not recommend.
It wasn't too crowded, had great music, and a pool table. It was really relaxed and my boyfriend and I had a lovely time. We only ordered beer and an appetizer to tide us over before our dinner later that night. We ordered the poutine, which was a Canadian version of cheese fries. It was fries, cheese curd and gravy. It was pretty good. The cheese curd threw me off a little but it was still yummy. It was affordable too. We will be back the next time we are in Niagra.
Simple menu, Great food, Great service. We stumbled upon this place while walking around. It was just after the traditional lunch time so there were only a few people. We sat at the bar and ordered wings, the Mexican cheesecake, chicken fingers and of course a pitcher of beer. We didn't have to wait long for the food and it was delicious. A young couple next to us ordered burgers and wings and the girl didn't like her burger for some reason. The bartender(who also was the waiter during slow periods) was genuinely concerned that she didn't like the food and asked her if he could take it away and get her something else. Great service. No complaints about the food, everything was great. The Mexican cheesecake seems to be popular. Good prices too. Definitely worth visiting.
Pizza was a hit! Wings were good too! Wanted to try the Mexican cheesecake, but we didn't have enough room for it!
I was expecting a tourist trap because of its location, but this place is pretty laid back. I ordered a pint of Pear Cider and it was very refreshing and just what I needed to wash down my food. Our 1 pound of honey garlic wings were more honey than garlic, a bit too sweet for me. However I liked how they also threw in whole wings and not just the mid-sections. The poutine was our first and it was drowned in gravy and cheese curds- so perfect for a cold night. The Yank's burger that my bf ordered had a thick cut of Canadian bacon for a patty. Overall, the servers were friendly. The atmosphere was very relaxed with a pool table near by. Our meal with our 15% off coupon (found in most tourist maps) was a very reasonable and under $30.
From the help of Yelp, I found this place on the third of three nights in Niagara...so glad I did.  First the food cost is very high in this area. So a family of 5 this place was a great place for us.  It is smaller than I expected, but clean and the service was great. Food was good across the board. Wings, Pizza, Chicken sandwich.  Find it, it is worth it.  I wish the TV's were bigger for a sports bar, but it worked.
We came here based on the recommendation of Yelp, and I have to agree with the high rating. This is a great spot if you are trying to escape the crowds of Clifton Hill but still want something convenient. The food is good, it is fairly quiet, and prices are very low compared to nearby options. They also have a decent beer selection and live music every now and then. It is a very casual place and has bar-type food (although much tastier than the average bar), so the rating is based on value for money and quality.
My friends and I ended up at this fabulous little hole in the wall bar after being jacked at the local iHop in the morning. I had the steak sandwich which was finger licking good! This little joint is right off Clinton Hill and I highly recommend you skip all the touristy spots and head here instead for some of the best dive food you'll ever have. I will definitely be heading there if I ever go back to Niagra.
Great food and fun atmosphere. Definitely a bar scene but a welcome respite from the tourist-y-ness of Niagara Falls. We were with my parents and my young kids and we all really enjoyed it. The Mexican Cheesecake (nachos) were fab!
This was by far the highlight of our trips in terms of restaurants/bars. My fiance and I were out walking along Niagara falls and happened to make our way to this place to watch a hockey game, grab some dinner, and have some drinks afterward. The service was tremendous.  As soon as our drinks were almost gone, the waiter popped right by to make sure we wanted another.  When we told him to just keep them coming, we never had an empty glass the rest of the night. We each had some pizza and the best poutine we've ever tried. After we ate our meals and consumed some drinks, we took advantage of their free pool table. After a few hours of drinking and eating our bill came to about 60 dollars when we were expecting it to be in the 150 range. If you're looking for a great place in the heart of the action, you need to stop here.  I'll definitely be back on my next trip to Niagara.
We went there on Sunday night. Only couple people in bar. However, we had to wait a LONG time to get served. My husband and I did not mind it's overpriced, just like everything else in tourist area. However, I don't like the way they did. On the menu, they have listed price for burger/wings/etc, and also said to add fries/something else $. We ordered Burger and 2 lb of wings, since we are not carrot fans, and it's too late to eat fries, we did not order additional side items. Server DID NOT ASK US about side item neither. but when the food came, we had fries with burger, and Carrot with Wings. we thought it might come with Burger and Wings (Most restaurant does.), But it's been charged extra on the bill.
Great atmosphere, great pizza (surprisingly good) and daughter of owner very attractive.
I picked this place because of its great reputation from yelp and I wasn't disappointed.  We got there about 7pm on Saturday night and there was a table immediately available. We ordered chips and salsa, wings, and pizza.  The chips and salsa were both grocery store variety.  Literally bag chips (not Tostitos) and jar salsa.  But the wings and pizza were awesome.  Really good. We stayed and drank there until close, actually possibly a little later.  There was live music which I normally hate but this was really good and fun.     I guess I should say that I'm 25 and so are my two friends.  We were very clearly women drinking alone and this bar was full of men.  No one was overly aggressive but we did get tons of free drinks and people offering to buy us shots (not something that happens to us in the States).  Both bartenders were really great and there was plenty to drink.  Just know that later in the evening people are there to party and it was full of drunks. I wish this bar was in my hometown.  I want to hangout there all the time.
We had a really great time here. The food was good and drink prices were average for the area. They had some dj come on around 1130 and man was he terrible. We left shortly after he starting playing. The Mexican cheesecake and poutine would be worth trying.
YES! For a couple of tourists from Los Angeles in Canada for the first time, boy did we strike it out of the park on this find. Just when we were about to throw in the towel and succomb to chain restaurants, my boyfriend caught a glimpse of a little joint that said the oldest bar and grille in Niagara. Sold! Beers were delicious, burger was awesome. Browner, the bartender, two words: top notch. For our first time ever in Canada, Yank's made our entire trip. We WILL be back.
Great spot in a sea of mediocre choices. Wings and pizza were excellent  and Mom loved the great salad!  Will be back the next time we are in Niagara.
Great food at a great price! It's a nice place to get away from all the tourist craziness meanwhile it's right in the middle of everything on clifton hill. I recommend the mexican cheesecake, wings and pizza! It's hard not ordering all three every time I go there. The beer and food are VERY affordable. The staff is great and patrons usually are too!
Not a surprise this place has 5 stars from every review. The staff is very welcoming and friendly. It was nice to take a random right off the crowded Centre street and find a place much less crowded and expensive. My friends and I just stopped in for drinks and appetizers. As for drinks, the prices are fair. $4.50 for a short glass, $6.50 for a martini, $4.50 for shots. We were here on a Sunday so there wasn't much going on as far as bars go around town. We finished our drinks, walked around town, and then ended up back here and were welcomed with a free round of shots from our bartender. Nice place, very comfortable.
Great casual food, and awesome service. You can't go wrong with this place, and you get a lot more value than the more touristy places.
We weren't looking for gourmet food, just tasty and clean. Like several other reviewers, we went to Yanks because of the Yelps reviews. My wife asked "Really?" when we went inside, because the tables were mostly empty. What? No lines? My wife and our oldest boy shared a New York-style pepperoni pizza, which was more than enough for the two of them. My son declared it the best pizza in Canada. Might be a reach, but the mozzarella was good quality, the crust was good, and the pie  was cooked properly. I had a cajun chicken sandwich and my youngest had chicken fingers. The Greek salad that the table next to us ordered was generous and looked good. My Guinness was perfectly poured. Total bill, including the Guinness, came to less than $50, which in a tourist area like Niagara, is very good. Service was excellent and friendly.
Yelp strikes again!  Only at the Falls for the day, we wanted something good and local and found Yanks on Yelp.  Headed down for dinner and was very happy with the meal my family enjoyed - pepperoni pizza and Canadian Club sandwiches did the trick!  Fantastic food in a crazy busy area of Clifton Hills.  And the beer on tap as perfect!  Very attentive staff in an informal bar-type setting.  Don't fall for the chain restaurants in the area.  Well worth the trip down if you are visiting the Falls!
Awesome pizza!!!!!! And the other food are also better than what you can find in other restaurants...
