This was a good find. My wife and parents and I were visiting Niagara as tourists, staying on the Canada side. As far as Italian goes, it's an upper average in pricing. It didn't feel excessively expensive. The service was excellent- our server was very busy and if he noticed us looking for his attention he would look us in the eye and thank us for patience or come right around the second time since he had to walk in front of our table often. We also requested half a pizza only have feta and he made sure it happened. Every member of our group was able to find something they liked on the menu. The gnocci and the Italiano pizza were excellent. A nice point of it was that at the payment time of the evening, the credit card swiper was able to choose between US$ and Canadian$, and we appreciated that.
If you come off 420 and make a right on Stanley this place is just a couple blocks south right at the corner of Ferry.  They do have patron parking accessible off Stanley perhaps a dozen spots or so, some of which you can parallel into if there's room.  The parking can be tight however. I've been to this restaurant at least 3 times that I can think of and every time both the service and the food have been very good.  I've had various pasta and pizzas and they are all very good.   My favorite item is probably their calamari.  It is not rubbery and it is saltier than most I've had but it tastes great and is cooked properly as the pieces are not too thick and it is not greasy at all. Their pizza is very good as well.  I particularly like any of their pizzas that have arugula on them. While this place is not far from Clifton Hill it is not the kind of restaurant that caters specifically to tourists.  It is a nice, classy type of Italian restaurant. I've also been here for family functions so they do group events well.
Napoli's is every bit as amazing as the others before me have claimed.  The food itself is superb, the restaurant decor was very homey, and the hospitality was very welcoming. I was feigning for some spaghetti with marinara sauce, and going through my usual routine of scouring through Yelp reviews led me to Napoli's.   One look at their menu, and I knew that my stomach needed the Spaghetti alla Chitarra.  So the novio and I took a little drive over from our hotel, and we placed our orders.  My dish went above and beyond my expectations.  The noodles were the perfect al dente bite. The novio found his dish to be intriguing as it was something he hadn't tried before, but it wasn't a great deal based on price and portions. Service-wise, they were very nice and attentive.  We actually ordered takeout, and were waiting for our orders to be prepared, and they still offered us complimentary glasses of water while we waited.
Came across Napoli by accident... We had visited Niagara last fall and really enjoyed the Italian restaurant we went to, so this year we decided to make reservations at that same restaurant but couldn't remember what the name was. After a lengthy search on Google and Yelp we we're convinced that the name had to have been Napoli because of all of the great reviews it received... Long story short, it turned out to be a completely different restaurant, but for once this was a mistake we were glad we made. We ordered the Arrancini di Riso e Piselli (rice balls) to start and they were really good. As an entree I ordered their Ravioli di Casa and it was delicious. When I first saw the portion size of my entree I was a little bit disappointed & I thought it wouldn't be enough, but the ravioli was so rich and filling that it ended up being the perfect amount. Our server was average, not bad but not over the top amazing either. Every order for our group of 8 came out right and we didn't wait long for anything so nothing to complain about there. When the bill came it wasn't bad at all, considering how amazing the food was. It came out to about $110 (before tip) for 1 app, 2 entrees, 2 espresso & a $50 bottle of wine. All-in-all great restaurant.
This place is superb.  Food was awesome and service was really great as well. Would definitely recommend the house-made ravioli with ricotta, the osso buco with gnocchi, and the cannoli and flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  Those four dishes were the best of the night, and the best of my life lol. fyi it gets busy in the evening so I would recommend coming for early dinner.  We stopped in without a reservation around 4:30 pm and we were seated immediately.
Awesome restaurant.  My fiancé and I went here while in the area on vacatoin.  We had asked the concierge at the hotel for a rec - and were not impressed with what he suggested, so we trusted the Yelp and TripAdvisor reviews and came here!  The food was so so great.  I loved the bread + olive oil starter - it had a kick to it (cayenne pepper maybe?). The chicken parm was quite tasty.  I would definitely go back here if I am ever back in the area. I have heard this place has been around a long long time.  I can see why. Go here - it's tiny parking lot and building is decieving. It's well worth taking a risk.
We stopped at this restaurant after a day at the falls and were in the mood for some Italian. The food was excellent, especially the homemade pasta. The pizza toppings were fresh and a good thin crust is always a bonus in North America. I give this restaurant 3 stars because of slow and poor service in addition to a dim and dull ambience. There is definitely potential for improvement.
This is without a doubt the best meal I have had since I left NYC a few years ago.  We didn't have a reservation but after a short wait we got a table. The service was outstanding and the food was even better. I'll put this place up against any restaurant in Da Bronx any day!
Went to Niagara with  friends and this is always my go to place.  The food is all from scratch and never disappointing. The price is good and the service is always spot on.  Only thing make a reservation or you won't get it. Another fantastic meal at Napoli.
Came with friends and my wife... We each ordered different dishes and all of them were amazing with generous portions. Nice, quaint atmosphere and great service.
It might have been their off night, but our experience here was not good. We were seated ~20mins after our reserved time has passed, and took them another 10mins to finally take our order. Worst part: food took more than an hour to come out even though the place was almost empty! Not much of an apology was given, even though they got one of the drinks wrong as well. Gets 2 stars only because food was good but nothing worth coming back for.
Its hard to choose a restaurant when you're on vacation.  Aside from Perkins, you never know what you're getting - and there's nothing to compare with others' reviews. This place was a shot in the dark, and it was so good, my partner said he would drive the 7 hours to get here just for dinner, then turn around and drive back. Since then, he's been dreaming of the home made ravioli (requested with Alfredo sauce) and I can't forget the mussels with pernod (special that night).  Gnocchi was okay.  I prefer mine lighter. Service was warm and friendly. Btw, forget Perkins.  Overpriced crap.  But we knew that, didn't we?
I don't often find myself in Niagara Falls, Ontario - much less Canada - so I immediately turned to Yelp when searching for a restaurant for dinner on a work trip. Napoli Ristorante came recommended, and I can also only say positive remarks regarding my experience. Dining alone is foreign to me, but I enjoyed every minute at Napoli. I started with their Caesar salad and a glass of Chianti, then ordered their Italiana pizza. The pizza was delicious: mozzarella, roasted red peppers, cherry tomatoes, arugula, and my favorite - goat cheese. While eating, I noticed that my server was incredibly attentive, and seemed to be constantly on the move to another table. I started to analyze further, and again noticed that he was doing 10 things at once. Finally, I realized he and his identical twin (of course dressed in matching uniforms) are both servers and were both waiting on me. Either way, they did a great job and I felt taken care of. Napoli Ristorante was a great dining experience and a refreshing change from the touristy Niagara Falls stretch.
More like 4.5 stars. Picked this place based on Yelp reviews and photos. Walking up and upon entering we were hesitant at first. It's on a busy intersection across from a Dairy Queen with a touch of shadyness in the neighborhood. The dining area when you walk in is a bit too open and cold. Also docked some starage as we were seated at the first table near the door and saw them turn away four couples that did not have a reservation. Seems like they need to be on Restaurant Impossible or something to rework their table setup and allow for more walk-ins = more $$$. The food is amazing. We had the bruschetta and calamari to start. The tomatoes and basil tasted so fresh our taste buds were blasted into summer. Where do they find such juicy and flavorful goodness this time of year? We shared a bottle of Montepulciano wine which for $40 was quite a steal. Shared a margherita pizza (add arugula and prosciutto) and a side of meatballs. The mozzarella is super creamy and awesome. Red sauce. You can tell this was some sort of passed down family recipe sauce action. For dessert we had the affogato with amaretto, espresso, vanilla gelato and homemade biscotti. Overall great food. They have a back room as well which may be more suited for larger parties or if you make a reservation more in advance. Make a reservation or you may be sadly turned away!
Napoli was a great find! The atmosphere, food and service were excellent. The pizza is awesome, best thin crust I have had in a long time.
The food was a great. Great gnocchi and the Lucia pizza was fantastic. Great service as well.
Food was average. Staff was mediocre. I had the olives, cheese and salumi app - the cheese was nothing special. The salumi tasted like it was out of a package. The Cesar salad was quite good - and the only thing I ate that I would recommend. The veal was salty but otherwise flavorless.  Would not recommend. Overall I was quite disappointed. Also, I must add, the maître de was quite obnoxious- way too snobby for this calibre of restaurant.
Very happy with our meals. Everything tasted very fresh and homemade, as advertised. Wait staff was very friendly. Prices were reasonable for the area. Definitely recommended.
This restaurant is amazing! I took my mom here on Mother's Day because I knew from previous visit that they had gluten free options (she can't have gluten). I ordered a Cesar salad to start and the osso bucco ragu with gnocchi. The Cesar had a lovely dressing which was light and refreshing and the lettuce was crisps the ragu was the best meal I have ever had in a restaurant ever!  The meat was so. Tender and thee sauce had so fresh and flavourful! My mother ordered gluten free pizza, and she loved it!
Delicious Italian food off the beaten path in Niagara Falls.  The family had a wide selection from standard menu options, pizza and the special selection.  Everything was GREAT!  Service was outstanding, with very attentive wait staff.
Amazing authentic Italian. Four if us had outstanding meals - sea bass special, seafood pasta special, gnocchi toscana and veal parmesan were all superb. The highlight was the gamberi arrabiatta appetizer - the shrimp was incredible. Staff was extremely helpful and fun, great wine pairing recommendations and explanations. Will definitely be coming back next time we are in town.
There is a certain feeling you get when you know a dish has been prepared fresh from scratch and with love. Well that was our experience.  Osso Buco Ragu with homemade Gnocci... and Veal Parmigian with fresh pasta. Wow who would have thought finding such great Italian food in Canada. We are off to the Big Apple next on our trip and the Bar has been set pretty high.
This place is a gem. It's authentic italian cuisine! It's just like you would go to Italy. The service is very attentive and to the point! We had the bruschetta a pomodoro, the spaghetti with tomato sauce and basil and the pasta del giorno. Did I mention their cannoli's take you on a mouthwatering trip to South of Italy. I couldn't find cannoli this great not even in NYC. Please try this place as opposed to going to all these overpriced touristy places. Prices at Napoli are reasonable. Next time we're there would love to try their pizzas! Buon appettito!
Absolute worst dining experience ever!!! For my birthday dinner, I chose to come here after researching Yelp reviews and ratings and I love Italian food. I loved that it wasn't a large chain, super touristy, expensive, half ass-ed restaurant like the rest of them. The atmosphere was classy and intimate and the food seemed really good. We were seated immediately and that's where it all went downhill... We were sat next to a large group of drunk loud vulgar men, like a guys night out. OK fine, we ordered, 2 glasses of wine (they were out of the Niagara Riesling so I got the Pinot), cheese & meat app, gnocchi and prosciutto pizza. As the volume of the table next to me was rising, I almost had to scream at my boyfriend to have him hear me, how very romantic... There were times that I would look over and GLARE at them because I was getting that annoyed and I'm the most passive person ever so for me to get upset is a big deal. I felt so incredibly uncomfortable that I went and spoke with another server because it was my birthday and I wasn't enjoying it, I wanted to see if they were leaving (I never heard back from that server) The real kicker was when the one guy reached across the table and grabbed the other guy in a pressure point in his hand and he screamed in my ear right next to me!!! wtf... He apologized but I was about to start crying, I could feel the tears coming on and poor Toby just looked at me and told me we should just leave. But I just couldn't, I felt so rude for having ordered food and then taking off that I sucked it up and stayed. I honestly, should have left, I felt like complete crap for the entire duration of my birthday dinner. As their volume rose again and again, the man a few tables down from us requested his server speak to the group. They dismissed it by saying they were leaving. As for the food, it was good but not enough to take the bad taste of that group out of my mouth. I still feel uncomfortable about the entire ordeal. I didn't even want anything extra after that, I just wanted to get the hell out of there :-( I will NOT be returning. And from what we eavesdropped from another late night table, this group frequents this restaurant. Our service was weak, obviously diners were uncomfortable, if not me then the other table definitely mentioned it. It's just a shame that this restaurant had so much potential but I just can not believe the experience I had. Oh, and not one mention of a happy birthday from the staff. Guess we better just stick to fine dining when traveling, at least they have service.
Based on the reviews we arrived early (without a reservation).  The owner/manager was rude and condescending.  The staff was friendly and the food was good.  There are too many restaurants in the area to put up with a rude attitude.
Saw this place on yelp but was sceptic at first cause majority of the food around here is gross. This place was amazing. I ordered the Bianca pizza with arugala and it was sooo good. I would definitely go back there again!
Best Italian restaurant in the area!
I loveddddddddd it here. We didn't have reservations on the labor day long weekend but were able to get seated within 15 minutes. As soon as that happened a flood of humans entered waiting to eat. The flooding continued all throughout the meal, with the person handling seating and reservations running around like a crazy man, so we definitely got lucky. The servers were very responsive and friendly, despite looking pretty darn busy. They brought us our drinks, appetizers, food, and then bill in a timely manner. We ordered the bruschetta and olive-fromage-salumi combo. They were both very delicious. The bruschetta was almost perfect and the sheer quantity of the olive-fromage-salumi was impressive. By the end I had my olive quotient for the year! We ordered two pizzas, the Italiana and the Contadina. Honestly, I was pretty full from the appetizers, but the pizzas were so damn delicious that we just had to devour them. Definitely some of the best pizza in the city. Although, the food here is more traditional Italian, including the pizza, so it is different from most of the pizza around here. Two thumbs up.
This restaurant was a nice surprise among all American chain restaurants from the area. The food is amazing, the pizza is like those I had in Rome, thin and crunchy with high quality ingredients with great flavour. The pasta is home made and cooked to perfection. Service is great! We had the pleasure to be attended by the two twin brothers that are exceptional in terms of service attentiveness and really fast with the food. Great place to visit again and again, and the prices compared to the flavour and service can be considered a bargain. Keep the good work!
Pretty good find for me in Niagara Falls. Food was delicious and prices were fair. Service was efficient and polite. No complaints here. It was nice to find a place in Niagara Falls that didn't have tourist inflated prices.
A short walk from the Doubletree and away from the more touristy areas of Niagara Falls. We walked in on a Sunday night without reservations and the restaurant was full! The wait ended up being only 15 minutes but in that time at least 6 different parties tried to come in for dinner. There seemed to be quite a few locals dining. We got the arancini (risotto balls) and calamari and decided to share a pasta entree, the orecchiette with sausage and rapini (our first choice, gnocchi with veal was sold out). The arancini were comforting, simple but good. The calamari was lightly breaded and flavorful enough to not need a sauce, although the spicy aioli was a nice complement. Our handmade pasta was delicious and was a LARGE portion. Unless you're local and can take leftovers, I recommend sharing so as to not waste this food! A very pleasant experience. Come here instead of one of the chain restaurants!
I agree with the other positive reviews. This is a quality Italian restaurant. They put their own unique spin on their dishes and the ingredients are fresh. They serve quite possibly the best fried calamari I've ever had. Bruschetta was excellent. Veal parm was outstanding. Risotto was cooked perfectly. Service was warm and friendly, and the server was very knowledgeable of the menu. The ambiance and emptiness was a bit of a downer on a Tuesday night in February which is why I deducted a star.
We did not have reservation, walked from the falls, about 25 minutes, got there around 8pm. The greeter did not smile, seemed stressed. There were two other couples waiting, and he said "it will be a while", and went away to serve to some tables. He said there were other reservations, he had to seat first.  Waited 5 mins for him to come back to ask for estimate. He said could get table ready in 30 minutes. Overall he seemed unhelpful. We could have walked out, but with two hungry picky kids who had walked a while, decided to stay.  It did not seem busy, didn't see anyone else walk in, in the 10 minutes we hung around. I asked if I can leave my phone number, he told us it's ok to step outside and check back in15 mins. Our table was ready in 20 minutes after that. Seated & warmly greeted by our waiter. He was helpful but did not seem very friendly at first. First up bread was fresh, tasty, served with bottle of olive oil. I got chianti which was good. Kids got spaghetti with tomato sauce, which was as you would expect. We shared gnocchi Toscana which was excellent but small size for its price. We had margherita pizza, sauce & arugula were fresh, tasted great. Waiter checked a few times, seemed friendlier. Overall, other than the initial front desk guy, it was good experience. Would recommend if you are looking for non-chain restaurant.
This was an amazing find on our vacation. Being from Jersey and having some of the best Italian food you can get anywhere at our disposal we rarely go out for Italian on vacation but this time we did and it ended up being the best meal of the entire vacation. The Zuppa di Pesce, homemade ravioli, risotto and veal shank were all perfectly cooked! And the dessert was excellent too! Even our 7 and 10 year old agree this place was amazing :)
What a fantastic find for us while in Niagara last week.  Read the reviews and this place did not disappoint.  They open at 4 pm and we waited for about 45 minutes and it was worth it.   We were with the kids so we kept it simple and ordered pizza and that was excellent.  The tiramisu was probably the best I have ever had.  I can't wait to go back for a real dinner and pasta dish and that tiramisu again.  The service was great and the food the same.  You won't be disappointed stopping by here.  It's a little from the heart of the Niagara Falls area but use the WEGO and take the short ride for a fantastic meal.  If we are near the Canadian border near Niagara again, we will cross the border just for dinner.  No kidding!
Welcome to my first international yelp review! We just got into town and after hours of flying needed a place to rest our wary feet and eat some food.  This is a pretty touristy area so the food was plenty, but quality is iffy.  We ended up just walking around our hotel area and after passing this place the second time decided to stop by. The service is friendly but slow.  Leisurely, almost do an extreme. I think I would have preferred if my drinks we refilled more quickly, but since we're on vacation it wasn't too annoying. Before I describe the food I have to admit that I have a bit of a cold, so maybe my taste-buds are a bit dulled, but I thought that overall the food was fairly bland.   To start off the complimentary bread was really good.  Its made fresh here daily and it had just the right amount of olive oil.  As appetizers we got a variety of cheeses and meats, which were ok, but didn't come with any crackers...  Maybe we were supposed to use the complimentary bread, but they never really brought it. As a main course I got the gnoche in some type of tomato sauce.  This was the really bland dish.  I mean, literally almost no flavor.  As dessert we tried the biscotti with dark and white chocolate.  Those were really good. Overall, if the service was a bit better or if the food was a bit better it would be four stars, but as is, it's only 3.5.
We made our way into Niagara Falls, ON after spending the day on the American side of the falls. We stayed at the Marriott, and as we drove to the hotel, we noticed all the tourist spots along the way. We were hungry but not interested in any of those places. We found Napoli's after a quick search on Yelp and saw it was away from all the tourist places but still walkable. When we entered, we were greeted with a pleasant Italian cuisine aroma. We got an excellent bottle of red wine from a local winery based off the recommendation of our waiter, who was a second generation Italian. I got the spaghetti and meatballs and my wife got the gnocchi ragu. Overall, an excellent meal. If you are looking for an Italian restaurant away from all the commercial restaurants located on the main drag, Napoli's is your place!!
I'm agree with Kat H on the nice change from tourist-gouging closer to the Falls, but not on the overall rating. The Caesar was nice, but the experience declined from there to Hawaiian pizza and further to spaghetti with oso bucco sauce and gnocci in a cream sauce with fresh basil. Nothing especially wrong here, just expected more. Atmosphere is noisily local but with a tinge of elegance; a good place to bring kids to teach them about dining out. Service is a bit slow (we were early and one of only a few diners at first; even then it lagged). I liked the appetizer portions of various items. Sampling a few flavors and items is a plus. Everything seemed fresh, was prepared and served with care but not flair. Choose the house-made pasta (Napoli is proud of it and the server will guide you).
Loved it! Sauces are great, flavors are enriched and simple at the same time. Mind blowing.
Amazing food and great service.  Can't say enough about this place.  Looks dodgy from the outside, but when you get in it has a very warm atmosphere.  Bruschetta and canoli (made in house) were my favourite.
Amazing food and great service.  Can't say enough about this place.  Looks dodgy from the outside, but when you get in it has a very warm atmosphere.  Bruschetta and canoli (made in house) were my favourite.
My husband and I visited Napoli around 5 p.m. on a Sunday and had no problem getting a table without reservations. The restaurant has a small parking lot, which is helpful, but blink, and you'll miss it. (It's behind the restaurant; we drove right on by without noticing it.) The ambiance is slightly upscale (white tablecloths and uniformed servers), but many customers were dressed casually. The service was great: The host also appeared to be doubling as a waiter, and he brought our drink orders immediately after seating us. He also delivered two kinds of fresh bread as well as a spicy olive oil. We made up our minds and ordered relatively quickly; we shared a margherita pizza (adding the house-cured prosciutto) and the Penne all'Amatriciana. Both were delicious! The thin-crust pizzas are baked in a wood-fired oven; the sauce wasn't overly sweet and our selection was finished with a drizzle of olive oil. The penne was lightly tossed (meaning not drenched) in a tomato sauce with onions, pancetta and peperoncino. Two soft drinks, a 12-in. pizza and a bowl of pasta came to about $51CAD. The service was great; we had no complaints. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a lovely Italian meal. Perfect for dates and good for families with children who aren't picky about their food (there's no kid's menu). We definitely will dine here again the next time we're in town. Yum!
Found this gem on Yelp and after a day of experiencing the Falls we decided to make this our place for dinner with our kids who are 10 and 13. What a find!  The food is very good and the service attentive.  I really enjoyed my gnocci with an osso bucco ragu. My husband had stuffed chicken thighs.  The kids shared a thin crust pizza and meatballs.  Everything was excellent and portions are generous.  The food I saw going to other diners looked wonderful as well.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.
Unbelievably delicious!! Came on a Thursday night and while the restaurant was busy, we were seated in 10 minutes. Ordered some wine, calamari, Caesar salad, and the ravioli. Calamari was fantastic! Lightly breaded, delicious sauce. The Caesar salad was also quite good. Enjoyed the fresh cracked black pepper - nice touch. The ravioli is homemade which is refreshing from most places. Too full for dessert, but the selection was quite nice. Great ambiance and excellent service. Would highly recommend making reservations beforehand.
Get off of the main drag and GO HERE!  Family run, quaint, quality restaurant, refreshing from the chain restaurants of Niagara Falls.  Amazing wine selection!  Homemade Pasta, sausage, desserts!  Attentive waitstaff!  Fair pricing!  What more could you ask for?
This restaurant is so amazing.  The food was delicious and our server, Gino, was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  The atmosphere was quiet and so nice, considering the surrounding area is full of crappy chain restaurants.  We ordered two different kinds of pizza and the insalata caprese.  Everything was delicious.  We chatted with Gino and he was one of the nicest servers I have encountered.  They don't charge the 13% tourist fee that you will find at all the other restaurants in the area.  So if you are visiting Niagara Falls, be sure to dine at Napoli. You will be so happy you did!
I loved this restaurant. Very unexpected. We happened upon it. Great pizza, gnocchi (homemade) and meatballs.
This place is Niagara's oldest established restaurant, and now I know why: the dining experience - especially the food - was fantastic! Anthony and his staff flawlessly served our group of 17 that had a mix of old and young. The food was incredible from start to finish and my only regret was getting full! Do not skip dessert as the cannoli's are among the best we've had. This place is highly recommended, and was a highlight of our trip. Reservations are a good idea given its popularity.
I recommend reservations for dinner and the Italiana pizza (goat cheese and arugula)
Darn. Had high hopes based on precious reviews but no where near it should be. Too bad. The staff was friendly, but food a disappointment.
The food here was great. We had the gnocchi ragu and the stuffed chicken. Thinking about the food makes me want ti go back. We wanted to share our meals and they offered to bring them out one at a time when they were ready.
Authentic Italian!!!! My wife and I are her while visiting Niagara Falls and it was our best meal! We have been to several parts of Italy in our travels and felt this restaurant matched up well! Setting: Romantic Service: A+ Pricing: better than the 'tourist' trap Niagara Falls main strip. We had: Meatballs Ravioli dicasa Capotina Pizza Apple tart 2 drinks All that was $90 (with tip) and was well worth the price! Ditch the main Niagara strip an give this place a shot! Easy to walk to from some of the hotels. We stayed at the Hilton falls view and it was an easy walk.
Could be the best Italian I've had outside of eating in Italy.
Friendly and polite service but really slow even if the place was not full. Good to find a family owned restaurant in this high touristic city, food was just ok. Probably better than average US eatery. Price was reasonable - we paid less than outback the day before!!! (Don't go there) Pizza margerita was good and Chianti wine easy on the throat.
The food itself was excellent and a very reasonable price. The only problem we had was with the staff, they could have just been a bit happier. But apart from that it is a  very nice restaurant. Best in our time in Niagara! :)
My wife and I had dinner here tonight, and it was fantastic.  Surrounded by a sea of cheesy tourist trap restaurants, this place really stands out.  We had an appetizer of grilled shrimp, which was suburb.  It came in a spicy citrus vinaigrette, which we couldn't get enough of (and used the homemade foccacia to soak it all up).  We then shared two entrees: the gnocchi toscana and a margherita pizza with kalamata olives.  The pizza was very good, although perhaps the tomato sauce was just a little too strong.  However, the gnocchi was the star of the evening.  This vegetarian-friendly dish comes in a delightful creamy sauce, and was one of the best dishes either of us have had in an Italian restaurant outside of Italy.  We didn't have room for dessert, but the espresso we had at the end was also quite good. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the service was excellent.  Our waiter, Jorge, knew exactly what we wanted before we even asked, and went out of his way to make us feel totally comfortable.  If we were staying in Niagara for another night, we totally would have gone back, and requested a table served by Jorge.
This is a mid priced Italian place with a simple 2 page menu, but it was exactly what we needed. The pizzas were generously topped and the gnocchi was soft and delicious.  We came at the end of the night and never felt rushed at all - hard to find in any restaurant, but especially on a rainy Sunday night!   This place made us feel at home with well prepared food and awesome service. I'd come back anytime I am in the area.
We are locals and this is by far the best restaurant in the Falls. We have never had a bad meal at Napoli's, its great place to bring the kids and there is something for everyone. Recently there have been some amazing additions to the menu (braised veal cheek tortellini soup!), this is upscale food for moderate prices, by far the best bang for your buck. Tourists...stay away from the tourist traps and visit Napolis. Handmade pasta, amazing pizza, Napolis really goes the extra mile to make everything in house...can't say enough about it.
Welcome relief to find a cozy restaurant in this rip off tourist food trap.  Home made sausage was great.  I was surprised they didn't have garlic bread thou.  Only bad review was the meatballs were so hard my husband wouldn't eat them.  I must admit mine are 10 times better!!
After an extremely disappointing and exorbitantly overpriced lunch closer to the Falls, we were determined not to waste money on more mediocre food. This charming and cozy authentic Italian restaurant was more wonderful than we could have hoped for!  Service was genuine and warm, despite our under-the-wire arrival, the Nero d'Avola was inexpensive and tasted of raspberries, and the marscapone gnocchi was comparable to the stuff of Italy. We can't recommend this place enough!
We went there in a very cold night. And it was packed after 6 pm! You definitely need a reservation. Four of us ordered Ngocchi with lamb shank, Shrimp & claim linguini, Veal cutlet & Tiny ear with sausages. They are all delicious. Portion was very generous! We did not have room after the main course but had to try their Tiamisu, so delicious!! Great value!
My boyfriend and I went here after reading so many great reviews, and found that they were all right on point. Arrived around 730 on a Friday night and were seated right away. My Spaghetti and meatballs were amazing! The pasta was definitely made in house as well as the meatballs. My boyfriend got a pizza, and that was equally as delicious. Moderately priced, good wine selection...would absolutely go back! Only 4 stars because the waiter service was a little slow.
Excellent service coupled with tasty cuisine = great evening.  We saw Napoli's great ratings on Yelp and gave it a try.  Napoli was jammed on this weekday evening and without a reservation we felt lucky to snag a table. The staff was busy but presented a calm and unhurried appearance table side.  Quite an art in my opinion.  The entire staff functioned like a well oiled machine in taking care of their guests.  It turns out that most have been there for many years and it shows in their professionalism and team efficiency.  Our appetizer, entree, and dessert were excellent.  Don't miss this one if you are in the neighborhood.  Quality service can make or break an evening out.
We found this restaurant by looking on Yelp and were not disappointed. My sister and I went with our 4 kids and we all loved it. Our server, Dino was fantastic and was great with the kids. The food was amazing and we had leftovers, there was so much.  Thek kids ordered a cheese pizza and peperoni pizzas. My sister and I ordered the caprese salad and 2 chicken entrees. The best thing was that it was affordable, which is great when you're travelling with kids who are "starving" all the time. They don't charge the "mandatory" 13% tourist tax, which was an added bonus. We made the mistake at eating at Macaroni Grill the next night and I'm still kicking myself for not having gone back to Napoli the next night.
We really wanted to eat here. It was  5:45 on a Saturday night in October. We were informed since we didn't have reservations there was nothing he could do for us since they were booked. We asked for a menu thinking we would just order take out. The host plopped a menu down and walked away. We waited 5 minutes to place our order but the host ignored us completely. While we waited we noticed most of the tables were empty and there was a 2 top and a 4 top that wasn't even made up. Hmmmm. We left and decided to have a liquid dinner instead and was glad of it because we met some amazing locals and had a blast.
What a surprise finding this welcoming and homey restaurant so close to Niagara's downtown.  The staff at Napoli were genuine and attentive.  The food was delicious!   Yummy for both vegetarian and meat-eaters.  Perfection!
Great family style restaurant with home made pasta and deli meats
We arrived early as we had skipped lunch.  It appeared that people were being turned away... reservations may be helpful.  This was the BEST pasta I ever had.  I thought I was settling for cheese ravioli and it was delightful.  My husband had the veal parm, it was huge and wonderfully prepared.  No kids menu but they made a small order of pasta for one child and a individual pizza for the other.  Only complaint is that they seemed very busy and we literally were 1 of 2 tables for our first 20 minutes.  Service was just okay.
