Great experience at the Blue Line. Called Lisa about ten minutes before we wanted to eat breakfast (hung over bachelor party) and not only was she extremely friendly and charming but she accommodated our party by reserving us a large table. The food was great but the service was better. One thing I was super surprised about was Lisa's food recommendations. (Lisa is the owner by the way.) I didn't expect her level of knowledge about cooking (she seemed like more of a sports girl LOL) so was happy when she gave us recommendations. Overall had a 10/10 experience. Would go back any day. Great atmosphere.
The food here's pretty good, and appetizing. Better than your usual breakfast fare in touristy Niagara Falls, and a nice stop before the outlet mall which is a couple minutes away. There's nothing really out of the ordinary (in terms of the food), but if you're looking for good breakfast, this could be it.  You will be full and your wallet won't suffer too much. I wasn't totally happy with the experience though especially for a place with 4.5 Yelp stars. Here is why: 1) it was unclear that this is a "seat yourself" sort of place and no one really tells you to just help yourself, either. Hint for 1st timers: seat yourself. 2) our waitress didn't bother telling us the juicer (for freshly squeezed OJ) was fixed even though we tried to order OJ from the start. They did find the time to show off how the machine works to some other customers there though after it was fixed. *shrug* Overall, I think this is a safe bet for your breakfast needs; BD has a nice local vibe and obviously hockey fanatics would enjoy it even more. A little more attention to detail, or appreciation towards their customers would go a long way, though.
From my understanding this place from previous reviews is that it's owned by the daughter of NHL legend Marcel Dionne. It seemed as though the entire family was there the day we went. Not only did we see one of the NHL's finest centre men, but also had a great meal with a reasonable price. The portions were quite large, we had the breakfast combo which was enough to fill me up for the rest of the day. There was also a bunch of NHL paraphernalia all over, some signed, all very interesting. On top of Marcel telling his stories it made for a hockey fans dream. The restaurant is also attached to Marcel Dionne Inc next door which they use as a waiting area, but is loaded with any piece of anything with an NHL logo.
Yup, just like they said. Hard to decide which potato so I had both!  And  the fried bologna- the best! And service was such fun. Go!
Really loved Blueline Diner We ventured a short 10 min off the strip to Blueline. You walk through what looks like a sports memorabilia shop into a very clean and cute diner. This was such a better option than ANYTHING on the Niagara strip. Huge portions and reasonable prices. The staff was extremely friendly and cheerful. The homemade bread was delicious! Its pretty basic options for breakfast, so its great for anyone.
Great greasy spoon type diner with fast friendly service and very tasty food. We enjoyed one liter of fresh squeezed orange juice and our breakfast came out almost as soon as the order went into the kitchen. The dining room was very clean and the staff were prompt.  We will definitely go again!
Loved it, great atmosphere, fresh squeezed orange juice, the fried home fries were amazing, perfect color and crunch. Order at least a side of pancakes, if you don't it's your loss. Lisa is a riot. Enjoy!
Took my GF & Mom here for breakfast, it was delicious. We were on a trip from NY and we found the food, service, quality of the place well put together. We will deff come back and bring friends over. Thank you so much for your welcoming CANADA.
The breakfast food was DELICIOUS!!! Huge yummy pancakes. The potatoes were so good, soft and perfectly seasoned. The service was even better, the serves were so friendly constantly re-filling our coffee. I would definitely go back.
My husband and I just had breakfast there yesterday on a return trip from Niagara Falls.  I had read the reviews of this little treasure and thought this is a place we need to seek out. Boy was I right.  We walked in and were greeted right away by mrs. Dionne, very friendly lady. Then we were thrust into the biggest sports memorabilia exhibit I'd ever seen. So many rooms of everything you can imagine. Being a sports fan, this took us a little while to get through. Once we sat down we got coffee right away and ordered. I got the EZ breakfast. It was huge!  I couldn't finish the monster pieces of toast. My husband got the Egger I think and he said it was delicious. You get a big helping of everything that you will be full for pretty much the rest of the afternoon. Both of our meals came to $20.86. Pretty good for a filling, homemade delicious meal. Don't pass this little place up
Yes Yes Yes!!!  This is what I am talking about.  A unique atmosphere, if you don't know who Marcel Dionne is you will now, his daughter will wait on you, there are huge rooms of memorabilia and stuff you can purchase, go ahead and peruse they will call you when your food is ready.   Food was wow!!  Pancakes were out of this world.  Huge portions, lots of love put into this food.   This is an experience place, not a tourist trap like very chain imaginable by the falls.  This is worth the small trek.  Go ahead, let me know if you have the same experience.  Loved it.  Will come back here a million times.
Lisa makes you feel like you have walked into her own home for breakfast and you might think you have as her whole family works there.  The pancakes are amazing as was everything else we had! Especially the toast.  The sports memorabilia that is in their enormous store is absolutely worth seeing.  It is the perfect place to go for breakfast while in Niagara!
Went to The Blueline diner because of the very positive reviews on yelp and boy were they right.  The wait staff ( all family) were extremely friendly and attentive. The service was quick.  When Lisa heard that I was from Westchester, NY she told us that she had gone to school there when her father was with the NYRangers. We were lucky enough to take some pictures with Marcel Dionne.
What a great restaurant! I had pancake, can't even finish one piece. Food was great and service was really good!
Never thought I'd go to a great diner outside of Jersey. If you're in the area, skip all the touristy spots that are overpriced. Food here is great at a very reasonable price. Pancakes are very fluffy and large. Portion sizes are huge. Get breakfast here and you'll end up skipping lunch.
My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast in May, right before leaving Canada, and we were only disappointed we didn't find this place before. We loved it. The food was delicious and affordable, and the service was outstanding. Everyone was great. No complaints. This is a place everyone should try. If I visit Canada again, I am definitely eating here. I'm still craving that delicious breakfast every morning. I loved the place, the food and the people. Lisa was great. The way she explained the menu, I didn't even need to look at it, I was sold. I'm glad I order her suggestion.
Great food, great service, friendly staff and very reasonable prices.....what more could you ask for!!! Would definitely come back here for breakfast.
Drove from Cleveland to Toronto, stopped by for breakfast and it was fantastic! The peameal, pancakes, wheat toast, and bacon omelette were delish!  Awesome hockey stuff all over the restaurant - almost like a shrine! The owner is super awesome too!!
Great Food and attentive staff. Eggs Benedict were tasty and done to perfection. Bottomless coffee cup! Best to buy Orange juice by the litre for groups. The staff mentioned this as a cost savings, nice touch!
Great food! Wonderful owner, very friendly and gave us free stuff. The adjacent sports store is amazing too
What a great find!!  Delicious breakfast, friendly service and a really cool sports wing.  Worth the few minutes drive from downtown Niagara Falls.
This place was awesome.  Service was great and prices very reasonable. The restaurant is very much a place for locals.  The owner and staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Recommendation...do get the whole wheat toast (freshly made daily) and the pancakes.  Specially made and the fluffiest I've ever had. I have a family of five and ordered: Two bruiser breakfasts at 10.99 each (huge) 5 eggs Double order of toast Home fries (choice of deep fried or grilled...both are great.  Deep fried is crispy and yummy, grilled is tasty and nicely seasoned with herbs (not salty)) Breakfast sausages Bacon And one order of pancakes - 3-8" pancakes for 7.99 Endless coffee - 2.25 each.  Note that the coffee my wife suspects is Barzoula; tasty and has a real kick.  Two cups and you're shaking). 2x500ml chocolate at 2.99 each. Family of 5 - just over $50.00. Would definitely go here again. Aces across the board! BTW...so much food...couldn't finish, and THAT is a rarity for our family!
Mother's day rape! Went for mother's day was charged 17 bucks a plate for mediocre buffet only option of: room temperature scrambled eggs, with my choice of tepid ham and/or cold precooked bacon & sausages and slightly above chill pancakes, served with icy half cooked potatoes but on the upside as much as you could stomach of these items was available to you. All slopped on to your plate by an adorable deer in the headlights vacant staring 14 year old girl that I guess was being punished and forced to serve. $17!! What nerve! Some of the baked goods were Nice.The toast was on very fresh bread and there was a nice home made lemon cake but did I mention they charged $17 bucks per person? Maybe this place is different on regular days but I found the Mothers Day Rape buffet inexcusable. Will not be back.
Thanks to the previous reviewers for guiding me to this place. Finding a good breakfast/brunch that isn't underwhelming or overpriced in the Falls is a challenge. But if you can take the time to figure out how to get to this place, it is totally worth it, especially if you want quality and quantity over fanciness. When I met up with my American parents this past weekend, we eventually found this place, and it was perfect. Mom had three massive banana pancakes (with banana chunks AND banana pudding filling) which filled a platter - to be fair, she had half of it and took the rest home, but only because they were huge. Dad and I each had the silly "hall of famer" 3-egg omelette, which has ham, bacon and sausage and optional cheese. It wasn't pretty, but it was amazing. As well, we had the option of grilled or fried homefries, and if we'd wanted, could have had them cooked with onions for maybe 60 cents more (I have a pet peeve of folks cooking homefries with onions without telling me, so this is refreshing). There was also my "bottomless" cup of coffee that was pretty much perfect and efficiently refilled. As well, the servers (I think we had three in all) could not have been more friendly yet not annoying. On the off-chance you have to wait for a table (they said we'd have to wait 15 minutes on a Sunday but it was more like 5), there's an insane sports memorabilia store to browse with everything you can imagine. If you're looking to impress someone with something innovative with amazing presentation, stay in the tourist area and spend your $30 per person. If you're looking to impress someone like my parents with lots of tasty food for a good price from nice people, go to the Blueline Diner.
Awesome experience at the Blueline! We came in this past Sunday for breakfast before heading back to NYC. We were a party of 6 and were seated right away. The service is attentive and friendly, and Marcel Dionne was walking around greeting patrons the entire time. He came and sat at our table and talked to us for 15 minutes! Such a nice guy. The food was great, and the best part is all of the hockey memorabilia and collectibles! We even got to take pictures with him and his Stanley Cup ring! Such a great experience right before we left Canada
The food is tasty, the staff is very friendly and the service is good.  Portions are huge - none of us could finish our breakfasts.  The atmosphere is fun, and there's lots of stuff to look at on the walls and in the attached memorabilia store.  And of course I prefer to patronize a locally-owned restaurant than one of the faceless chains closer to the Falls. My only complaint is that they use canned mushrooms.  Everything else was delicious!
We went here for breakfast based on all the great yelp reviews.  Let me just say we are going back tomorrow morning before heading back home. The food was all absolutely fantastic. Huge portions at very good prices. Actually, we had some leftovers, which is something that never happens. The bacon and the wheat toast were recommended by the owner?, Lisa. Let's just say she was 100% honest.  Everything here is done in an NHL motif since her father, Marcel Dionne, is an NHL HOFer. Mr. Dionne was in the attached gift shop/NHL Shrine. He was fun to speak with and obviously very proud of his restaurant and shop. You can't go wrong stopping here for a meal. My only complaint is that this restaurant is not about 200 miles closer to my house. (Oh and that the owner wouldn't let us sit in the hallway.) that's an inside joke. One more IMPORTANT thing, I learned Tim Horton was an NHL player. Not just the doughnut king of Canada.
Awesome breakfast thanks yelp! We are American tourists looking for a great local breakfast spot. We ate here twice! Great family owned small business!
Great place, excellent customer service and value for your money! Was greeted by the owner and daughter right away and quickly accommodated for our large party. Good food, quick and fresh. Appreciated the options - gluten free, substitutions, fresh ingredients. Try their fresh squeezed orange juice! Excellent!!
Hardy and yummy breakfast!  Eat with the locals just a quick drive from tourist stuff.  Paraphernalia store attached is also a site to see!!!
If I could give them no star I would. Don't waste your time going there. We decided to give it a try and we drove there with high hopes based on the great reviews on yelp. When we arrived and entered the dining facility they had 3 big tables and we were standing there waiting to be acknowledged, yet no one even bothered to say hi to us or tell us to have a seat. We were waiting and waiting and waiting ( standing there) and 2 servers passed by and glanced at us but didn't bother to even acknowledge us. It wasn't even that busy. So disappointed in Blue-line diner. They definitely lost our business. Save your time and money and go eat somewhere else!
Great food! One of our favorite spots for breakfast. The service is great. Lisa is a sweetheart with great "tourist" advice for eating and shopping.
This place was just wonderful. It would have still been wonderful in a vacuum, but it was extra wonderful when compared with all the price-gouging taking place at restaurants closer to our hotel. It was worth the 20 minute drive in heavy snow. The prices were very reasonable, the food was excellent, and the portions were huge. I got the three egg breakfast, which came with three of the hugest pieces of bacon I've seen in my life, plus delicious potatoes and toast. My boyfriend got the Greek omelette, which was stuffed full of feta and deliciousness. The staff was absolutely the friendliest, and the whole atmosphere was relaxed and personable. I will enthusiastically recommend this place to anyone I know travelling to Niagara. I wish I knew of more places like it closer to where I live.
I found the price to be ok, portions to be quite good, but the quality to meh-tacular. I ordered the 3 egg breakfast with bologna and found everything on the plate to have a very bland and mediocre taste to it. I doubt I'd be back for the food. ...me thinks the majority of positive reviews are tied to the theme of the restaurant.
My wife and I had breakfast on November 12, 2013. We received a very warm welcome from Lisa, who we later found out is the owner. She has a wonderful personality and truly cares about her customers. The service was efficient, the food was hot and tasty! I feel the price is fair. The atmosphere was warm and friendly and we appreciated that it wasn't loud. We were so impressed that we went back the next day and the level of service and food was the same as the day before. It is very rare these days that you see people that passionate about their business and customers. Lisa and your staff keep up the good work! God bless, Mardy W. Dixon
This place has really great food and service. You HAVE to come here!!!!!! If you're a sports fan, especially Hockey, you have to browse the 5000 Sqft while you wait on the food :) . Great customer service!
This diner was a nice break from the main touristy area.  We had a pleasant breakfast experience here on our last morning in Niagra Falls, Ontario.  It was a huge improvement from the other place we'd tried the day before (which I haven't reviewed yet). Upon entering we were greeted by the very friendly and outgoing owner who seated us right away and actually offered to refill our water bottles for us before we left!  And when we followed up with her later, she did so with a smile.  Nice :) Dishes ordered among our party of three were: Regular Pancakes, Banana Pancakes, and 2 eggs (over medium) with homefries, toast, and a type of bacon that is crusted with what I think was cornmeal.  My husband said it was good.  This came with a choice of white toast or wheat toast made from bread that comes fresh from a bakery every morning.  My husband chose the wheat toast which I sampled - it was fresh, tasty, puffy and delightful.  The food came out hot and was plentiful.  Actually too it was much food for us - no one in our party was part of the "clean plate" club that day. Overall, everyone was satisfieded with their meals.  I would've liked a little more banana and more of a "homemade" taste for my banana pancakes, but they were still pretty good (even though they were from a mix and a little light on the banana).  The maple syrup that was served with them was excellent - which helped!  The owner had a conversation with my husband about the bacon choices and said that if he chose the crusted one she was going to put a piece of the regular one on his plate because he had to try it, however she forgot to do so.  I though it was very nice of her to think of, but I thought it was disappointing to have her mention it and then forget to do it.  Would've been better not to mention it at all.  I chalk it up to her being a little bit overextended. Even though her forgetfulness wasn't great, how busy she was that morning is a testament to how well this little place is doing. If we are ever in the area again, I think we would probably return for another breakfast/brunch.  If you are visiting Niagra Falls as a tourist and you have access to a car, I would recommend taking a break from the main strip and having one of your breakfasts here. P.S. Sports fans will like the location and (if the name didn't give it away) hockey fans will love the location.  It is connected to a huge family-owned shop that is full of sports memorabilia and items to show team support.
Best food experience at the Falls!! Very approachable and friendly owner, the breakfast was awesome, big portions and very reasonably priced! Try there pancakes and crispy fried bacon...delicious!!! Anytime again and totally recommend this place!!!
Recently stayed at Niagara on the Lake and a friend suggested that we all go to the Blueline Diner because it had great Yelp reviews. We went to the Blueline Diner with a party of 8 and though we had not call ahead Lisa was more than happy to push several tables together to accommodate our party. Her friendliness definitely made us feel warm and the food was absolutely on point! I would absolutely recommend going to the diner for the kind service, amazing food and affordability.
Delicious breakfast, good value, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff. Enjoyed our breakfast with spicy Italian sausage. Generous portions, and would have been happy with less. I would never have found this place simply from driving by. In fact, even with the address I would have missed it without my wife.
Awesome breakfast away from the hustle and bustle of tourist trap Niagara Falls.  Fried potatoes were fantastic, and the staff was super nice.  May come back tomorrow :P
Short drive from the hotels in Niagara Falls and well worth it. Very friendly service and a great breakfast with great prices. Awesome pancakes
Well done Blueline. I am not a hockey fan (soccer) and I really can see why hockey aficionados would love the place but, I figured out that it was Marcel Dionne's daughter who served us. She is so sweet, awesome person and so friendly. Food was great, price was awesome, atmosphere rocking. Best breakfast place in Niagara we went to all weekend. Will certainly recommend Blueline!
Service was great! Food was good, pancakes were really good, Texas toast was a little dry and the home fries could have been cooked a little more. The price was really good and it was neat to be able to browse the store. Ten minutes from the falls, worth the drive to not be gouged in a tourist trap. They were able to seat our large party, and we all left full and happy! A+
Blueline has phenomenal food! But more importantly the staff is excellent. We were fortunate enough to be greeted by the owner on our visit and she is a wonderful person.  You can tell there is genuine caring put into every plate!! The prices are very reasonable which even adds to the many reasons to come here when in Niagara. It's a bit off the beaten path but well worth the drive! I can't imagine going anywhere else, except for Monday when they are closed!!
By far best place you can go. Suggest going there on the first day if you are on vacation as you will keep going there. Most reasonable price and GREAT food. Don't miss this gem.
A local spot with charm and warmth.  Big portions, great food, wonderful service..yelpers got it right once again.  Everything was delish but the pancakes were AMAZING.  Thanks for the friendly smiles and a wonderful experience.
Deserves the 5 stars and more! The owner is an absolute doll who will instantly make you feel at home and also gives great tips on where to go in the area. Take her advice and get the wheat toast and also try the pancakes, you won't be disappointed. The service was great -attentive wait staff ready with coffee refills. Basically every good quality you're looking for in breakfast!
5 stars for making you feel like an old friend that stopped by for a meal. Such a sweet little spot. The pancakes are really good!!! So was the omlette! Definitely break away from the tourist traps to get a piece of what this diner has to offer. There's a "little" sports store/museum in the back that you can check out while they're getting your food ready.
Good breakfast you must have the fried potatoes. cheap clean and friendly.
We saw the reviews on Trip Advisor so we had to check out Blueline Diner!  It was wonderful!  Great food, at great prices!  The service was wonderful.  I'm not a hockey fan, so it only occurred to me why it was named Blueline after we left!  There is a sports memorabilia store attached that is owned by Marcel Dionne as the other reviewer Robert mentioned, and we chatted with his son, who was very informative and sweet.   The restaurant is clean, but not fancy.  Well worth it!
What fun.  Very friendly staff.  You enter through the Marcel Dionne sports memorabilia shop into his daughter Lisa's diner.  Very large portions, especially the wonderful pancakes.  Stop there before Going to Niagara and Lisa will give you pointers on what to see and do.
Great brunch. Good service. Recommended
I must say the staff was super friendly. We totally felt like we were locals. The service was quick, the food was hot and delicious, coffee was good. My hubby said the hot Italian sausage tasted a bit old but eggs were cooked to order. I had the western omelet and love it! Used real cheese and not a processed cheese food square! I saw the owner dealing with a "difficult patron who basically didn't want anything on the menu" the owner said " I will make you something you will like and if you don't I will make you something else". She delivered her the food and we heard nothing else from the patron. They really go out of there way to make sure everyone is satisfied.
