worst ever buffet we ate in usa.. food is horrible... not able to eat peacefully..very conjusted..
We were amazed and thrilled by the number of Indian restaurants in Niagara Falls and trusted Yelp reviews to help us choose a place for dinner.  What a bummer!  At least when we were there, there were no actual Indians dining.  This is never a good sign.  We ordered the buffet and the food was just meh.  Nothing even worth going back for seconds.  Service was friendly and efficient, the restaurant was clean, but I wish we would have tried one of the many other options for Indian food in the area.
I liked the food very much. I am not a buffet person , when we had been to this place on a hot afternoon.. it was a boon to our taste buds. The whole buffet was pretty decent and good taste without any staleness in any dish. We literally hogged like anything.
Yum, everything was super tasty, staff was friendly. Only downside was it was a little pricey at $15/person for the lunch buffet. And the waitress was spraying Windex on the table next to ours and stinking up the place while we were eating. They should clean with a cloth dipped in cleaner rather that spraying. There were tour1buses full of Indians stopping there and we were lucky to come in between 2 big groups.
Excellent food, good ambience and friendly staff all at one place was the best part of zaika. We had dinner twice here and it was a buffet, it had all the best dishes covering veg and non veg, both fish and chicken which the indians savor the most. It also had lot of dal variety and i liked the desert here.I liked the mango pudding the best here.
Minimal wait time and Served authentic Indian food with great hospitality. Would come back again.
I think after trying lot of Indian restaurants, Niagara Falls finally has a good restaurant. We had the lunch buffet. The choice was less than normal restaurants but every dish was very tasty. Food was in ample quantity too.
We visited zaika on a saturday night after reading good review. However they only served low quality buffet with no a-la  carte services at all.  Food was pathetic and service highly incourteous .
We ate here for lunch during our recent vacation based on the Yelp reviews we read. We both got the lunch buffet, which came with freshly cooked naan. I have to say that the food was a little disappointing, it just wasn't very tasty. I might be a little spoiled by all the delicious Indian restaurants we have in Boston. The service was great, however.
I didn't have time for sit in dinner.  So,  I ordered to go food and this was the best indian food I have had in a while. The staff was excellent. I would just go there polite behaviour. I guess best Indian food in Niagara,  NY.
Excellent food made exceptionally good due to limited variety. We trusted yelp and visited them on our way back to Chicago (whirlwind Niagara road trip). Great service, good food and very spartan yet nice decor.
Best vegetarian Biriyani I've ever had. Each bite delectable. Husband loves their Bindi masala. Our server, Rose, was fantastic.
Good location.. Ample of veggie options.. Veg n non-veg options are kept on separate tables so thats a plus for vegetarians
The food and the service were both excellent. Great value price.  Definitely can see why it survived the competition from three other Indian restaurants on the same block.
I don't enjoy having to write an unhappy review. But this restaurant was disappointing in so many ways. Number one: an open sign out, but door locked. When we unknowingly tried the door, an employee opened it and informed us that they were closed until 6 pm to set up for the dinner buffet and we were welcome to sit down outside and wait. Which we did, and then spent the next thirty minutes watching this scenario happen ten more times. A simple, clear sign on the door would have been a big help. Number two: When the doors were finally unlocked a crowd of thirty or so people had gathered. Chaos ensued as everyone rushed the place to get seated first. Having someone take names during the 30 minutes before they opened again would have helped this. Number three: Everyone was let in and seated all in the space of ten minutes. This caused a huge backlog at the buffet, with the line stretching almost out the front door. I was able to get one plate before the rush while my husband held our baby. When he went up he waited in line for over 15 minutes and moved about two feet. The line just would not budge. I think because people were piling up two and three plates at once and food kept running out. My poor husband tried to be patient, but the staff was not doing anything to help the situation. Eventually we got fed up (baby was not happy, place was too crowded and hot) paid for just my meal (and were charged for the soda my husband did not drink), and left. Food was ok. But it was the least satisfactory 20 bucks I've ever spent.
Definitely the best restaurant to have good Indian buffet when  you visit Niagara falls.  The goat curry was excellent and so was the tandoori Chicken and Chilli chicken.  We also ordered the mango shake as advised by one of the servers and the mango shake turned out to be surprisingly very delicious. Very efficient staff. My 5 stars go for the server Dillon. Best customer service.
Very good food but a limited selection of buffet items. Ordering off the menu was unavailable.
Great Indian food!  We went for the lunch buffet, and enjoyed it. The Naan was good and the tandoori chicken was great! The curries were just average, but the ambiance was nice. Would recommend this place if you are in the area looking for good Indian food
Best place for having Indian food. We had dinner buffet. Do not miss goat curry and dal makhani. Never had such soft naan. Only drawback is the wait time... But nicely taken care of by cooperative staff Not to miss this place if you want to have good Indian food
Excellent is an understatement ! I loved the food and the service . Iv been in the USA for 2 years and tried many Indian restaurants but this beats all of them . I would definitely recommend to anyone who comes to Niagara .
Zaika claims to offer authentic Punjabi food, I will say absolutely not. Chicken Vindaloo is not a punjabi dish, paneer kesari not again . This place offers decent buffet. You will definitely be able to have  one or two currys out of all the variety they offer. We went to this place for dinner. They had both A La Carte  as well as buffet options. We decided to go with the buffet. There was enough variety for vegetarian curry and less for Non Veg.  Kadhi was best among whatever was offered. My husband also liked the chicken curry . Service was very haphazard. They did not have any systematic way of serving the customers. We had to wait long enough to place order for a tomato soup other than the buffet. By the time the soup was served, I started having the buffet. We had to wait very long for the Rotis. Fed up with the slow service we started having rice.  Whenever we asked something, one server kept asking another and that's why I think it took so much time for the order to reach their kitchen. They did not value customer's time as well as patience. Another thing is please don't go by the notion that you will have some good Punjabi food . It is just a regular place with regular taste and variety . Nothing special and nothing extra ordinary .
Good food... Worth the wait and awesome tikis :) try it for sure. The space is a bit tight but I won't mind that because food makes up for it.
I have tried in all the Indian restaurants in the nearby area because we were @ Niagara falls area for three days. i can surely & clearly say... U can happily go straight to this restaurant instead of trying elsewhere. Its definitely awesome and very very tasty. Don't simply bother to even take a chance elsewhere.
Zaika is one of those restaurants which feature authentic Indian cuisine, a rare place west New Jersey. I have been skeptical about the quality of food in Indian restaurants which are high rated on Yelp just because the food is usually altered to make more palatable for western customer base. Not that there is anything wrong with that but it is just not what I am hoping to get when I go to an Indian restaurant. The ambiance is below anyone's expectations because the chairs and tables are below ordinary for a restaurant. As you walk in to the restaurant, there is a little waiting area, which is in the way of kitchen and the dining hall. You are greeted by the very friendly staff and there starts your unique experience. When I went there, it was very busy at 9:30 PM in the middle of the busy tourist season. We had to wait for about 10 minutes. We opted for buffet so we can get done soon and head home for a 3 hour drive, but the people next to us ordered from menu and they were served promptly and finished almost after us. Food was delicious. They had generous amount of spices in their food to make it delicious at the same time avoid making it overly hot! Fresh naan was served on the table for us. I was impressed by their service even during such busy time of the day. It was late and anyone can see that waiters were tired but they were very pleasant. Service was very fast as expected during busy hours but they did not make us feel rushed. One of the waiters took some time to explain Indian cuisine to a couple from Africa. I will recommend anyone who is looking for Authentic Indian Food in Niagara Falls, NY.
We ate lunch here on a Saturday in March. It was very quiet and pleasant. The waitress talked us into the lunch buffet. The food was all very good, except the fried cauliflower was cold. Buffet came with fresh naan, it was fantastic. Food was slightly pricey $11-$15 entrees. Overall a very nice experience.
THE GOOD: Decent interior, good variety on the buffet, tasty food - although slightly on the spicy side. THE NOT-SO-GOOD: Tour groups. They arrange for tour groups to eat here and if you are unlucky enough to be dining when they come in, don't expect to be able to eat without a considerable wait. Considerable enough to possibly get to a point where you might just give up and leave before actually eating what you want to - like we did. Tour groups can also make the dining experience so loud that carrying on a conversation with a dining companion at your table is headache-inducing. Also, the price for the buffet is quite high in my opinion (that opinion is coming from Toronto where great Indian food is all over the place and I haven't seen a lunch buffet for this much). I will probably go back to try it again one day in the off-season and double check before sitting down that they don't have any groups scheduled for the next 30-minutes.
Great food and amazing service. The staff here is really nice. We have been to niagara twice and we come to Zaika for their buffet. The naan here is really good. The curries are good too, the food is not very spicy. Overall this is a good indian restaurant.
In the last 3 months I've eaten in nearly every Indian restaurant within a half mile of the Rainbow Bridge.  And in case you're wondering - there's more than 20 of them.  Of them all - based on freshness of food and customer service - I think Zaika is the best value. The buffet at Zaika which features an offering of both Jain, vegetarian, Tandoori and non-vegetarian dishes is considered small to medium in my book but the food is always fresh with lots of flavor.  Their menu items - primarily from Northern India (Punjabi) are very affordable; each at about $13 U.S.   The bar seats 4 and they have specials and happy hour but you can order that right from your table as well.  I deducted 1 star for the restroom which I admit sees a lot of traffic and could use an upgrade.  Overall they're the best value in the neighborhood and they stand on good service and quality food.  Their outdoor patio adds a nice expansion to the restaurant and is great on a summer night.
We went there on July 4th weekend in rush times. They had buffet. The food was pretty decent, tastely and nicely prepared. Well worth the walk from niagara falls visitor center!
Great food and good price. We liked the ambience and the service. Got the buffet which was decent.
Just ate here today for the buffet with my boyfriend. Very limited supply of food to choose from which is why I'm giving it 3 stars. Food was decent though and the naan was very good. Most of the people who work there seemed nice but the waitress who seated us seemed a little rude. Other than that, she was always there to fill up our glasses of water right away which was nice because of the spicy food!
The worst Indian restaurant I have ever seen.  Their food is not even close to Indian food. No chicken Masala, no mango ice cream, and their naan bread is awful.  The worst choice I have made in my trip to Niagara falls.
We are in Niagara, NY overnight and wanted something different from the usual family food (e.g. Panera for lunch today).  I got the Chana Masala, which is my first time having this dish. It was excellent. Enough spice to make me sweat, but not hot in the mouth...perfect in my book!  The flavor was great and my wife really enjoyed it as well. The ambiance was nice. It was slow as it was a Thursday evening in the off season, but the staff was friendly and professional.   The prices were reasonable and the portions were sufficient.  The four of us could have been fully satisfied with two entrees plus bread. There seem to be a number of Indian restaurants in Niagara.  I have not tried the others, but would highly recommend Zaika!  Thanks to the other reviewers who helped us land here!
We opted for buffet. The naan was soft and good. The rest of the food was really bland and lacked salt. The gravy of the curries was very thin. Dal Makhani typically is very creamy and nice but here it was just bland. Got to give this place another try
Not spicy  food.. Fully Americanized food.. not a better choice for Indian !!!!
We rolled in to Niagara Falls, NY ready to see some nature but AFTER we filled our empty, road-tripping bellies. There were a lot of Indian restaurants to choose from but finally we rolled the dice on Zaika, and the gamble paid off. We were greeted by a cheery host and seated in a nicely decorated, colorfully-painted room. We started immediately with their lentil bread that came with a lengthy description of the impressive process they go through to create this crispy treat. It came with a green chutney and together they made a delightful introduction for what came next. I ordered an eggplant dish from the vegetarian menu and my mom ordered the chicken legs. This of course, was not what they were called on the menu but my grasp on the exotic titles is so-so (non-existent). The in-house Barefoot Moscato really hit the spot. The waitress answered and welcomed all questions about their unique menu - I hadn't heard of a lot of the dishes on the menu and I'm no stranger to Indian food. The prices were a little higher than what we were looking for but they were totally fair for the huge portions we all had. In fact, we carted the leftovers back to Ohio at the end of the weekend. There was a fridge in the hotel room, don't judge.
I have had a lot better for a lot less.  The naan was quite good but beyond that the rest of the buffet choices were pretty bland.  If it was a $6.95 buffet instead of $13.95 I would still say it was only marginally acceptable.
I was frustrated with taste of food served by indian restaurants that are very close to the american falls. I decided to yelp out for a good indian restaurant and saw that zaika topped the list. So wanted to check out the restaurant to see if it lived up to the ratings. Totally did. Loved the food (don't miss the naan, one of the softest I've ever had). Curries (both Veg and Non Veg) were top notch in the buffet. (except for baingan bartha, was over tangy) Ambiance - Good Service and Courteousness - Very Good Food - Excellent
After visiting Niagara falls we thought of having dinner and then as usual Yelp was handy for suggestions. I found Zaika was as one of the options and yes it was really a nice option.The ambiance was pretty good. Though it was busy Saturday night we quickly got the table.The staff was polite and prompt. We opted for the dinner buffet and to my surprise the food was really nice. The buffet had nice variety,Assorted Baji, 2 veg entrees 2 non veg entrees, Veg Biryani,Plain rice, Salad chutney, Rice pudding/Kheer. The assorted baji were very crisp and tasty. The entrees had the perfect Indian taste. The Naans were served Hot and they were not chewy. Overall Nice experience,would love to visit again. The staff forgot to give me the yelp discount when I mentioned the same he gave us an additional discount.
We went during off season, one waitress and she was great. Absolutely delicious food. So upset we found it on our vacation! Wish it could come home with us. We had the samosas, saag aloo, aloo gobi and naan.
Best Traditional Indian food i ever had in the US. Excellent Food and Desserts. We have been to the lunch buffet and had almost every vegetarian item. Everything was delicious. The lassi is just so yummmyyy. Will definitely be back whenever I visit Niagara.
**buffet review** Zaika Indian Cusine is one of those places that you THINK is a tourist trap, but are pleasantly surprised after tasting the food. With a pleasant decor, great food and a plentiful buffet, the only downside is the understandably slower service when they are bustling with tourists and locals alike. The buffet generally has 5-7 options, yesterday for the meat dishes there was Chicken Tikka Masala and a shrimp dish, while Matar Paneer, an eggplant dish and Navrattan Korma for the vegetarian dishes. I sampled all the dishes and all were spiced well and downright delicious. I took the food out in a takeout box and felt a bit like a pig when my box started falling apart because I seemingly overloaded it. Oops! The dessert option for the buffet leaves quite a bit to be desired with simple fruits and vegetables. The fruits were from cans or processed in some way, so be weary to not expect fresh fruits. The dinner buffet is $13.95, but at the time of the review I was able to get a 10% check-in discount, which was another pleasant surprise. The food is great, authentic punjabi cusine and I had a day of left-overs after take-out. Win :).
I was expecting a la carte menu when I stepped in based on the previous reviews from yelp. However, the manager gave us a warm welcome and explained to us about the buffet straight after we got into the restaurant. We were ok with it, but it was weird to have nann break ordered instead of displayed along with other buffet dishes. There were only 4 dishes on buffet table, 2 chickens and 2 veges. The chicken ones had a few meat and most of them were just curries. A bit watering and really over priced with what they offer. We didn't know how much the nann bread were charged till we got the bill, and it was not really pleasant since the manager didnt explain whatsoever about extra charges on nann bread. Anyways, I will not recommend anyone goes there for buffet.
I am very glad I gave this one a try.  We went for lunch.  They did not have a traditional buffet, but instead had four or five dishes that they were serving that day, which would be brought to the table family style along with bread, rice and yogurt.  They also warned us up front that their credit card machine wasn't working, so we would have had the opportunity to go get cash if we needed to. The food was very, very good.  This is a much better model than a buffet because the food comes out very fresh.  Our meal consisted of curry pakora, chana masala, paneer makhani and chicken makhani I believe, plus naan and basmati rice.  The paneer makhani was my favorite, with a rich tomato cream sauce - very similar to the chicken makhani, of course.  The chana masala was the spiciest dish there, and had good flavor.  The curry pakora was probably my least favorite of the dishes but it was still tasty.   The restaurant is very cozy and has a homey feel to it.  The service was good, the waitress kept our water glasses refilled very well and offered to bring more rice and naan periodically. One of my friends had said that this was the first day the restaurant had been open that week - I do not know if they had been remodeling or if they are only open part of the year or  what that was about.
If I had to sum up my experience in one word - "Heavenly." I say this because I had been to couple of other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood - and they were very disappointing. Relatively Zaika stands out in terms of great food quality, superior taste, extremely clean, very decent ambience, and overall good service. They offer buffet at lunch as well as dinner. We loved the food immensely! They were kind to pack our pre-ordered lunch for our 10 AM trip - Chicken Biryani and parathas. It was such a relief to come across this restaurant after some initial disappointment at other Indian restaurants. Keep up the good work, Zaika!
Zaika just reopened Friday after a remodeling project.  The front of the restaurant is still blank, they are working on their sign.  As for the food, we tried  this on a recommendation of a coworker, and are glad we did.  The appetizer was a very thin wafer with a lot of spice and heat.  Then there is the mint chutney, which looked inviting and sweet, but packed a good amount of spice and heat. For dinner we ordered Rogan Josh and Tandori Chicken.  The RJ had an awesome aroma to it & the TC was served on a hot skillet with peppers and onions.  Their Naan was freshly made and complimentary basmati rice came with each dish. The owners were very helpful and answered all our questions about the dishes.  Many reviews on here focus on the buffet, which had 4-5 dish choices but you can also order from the menu.
My friend took me and my parents to this place for dinner.We had apprehensions before going to this restaurant.But all our apprehensions vanished as soon as we started having food.It serves  the best authentic North Indian Cuisine which is sometimes hard to find. We ordered a couple of things like Chicken Tikka Masala,Butter Chicken with Naan,Tandoori Roti(Bread),Allo Paratha with curd and Panner Masala.Everything was dead tasty and the staff is also very helpful. One should definately go to Sahib Dhaba for Authentic North Indian Food.
If you're visiting Niagara Falls and want Indian food this is the place. Quite a decent spread in the buffet. Slightly spicier than the other Indian fare around Niagara Falls but that only makes it tastier in my opinion.
Who would've thought that we'd find such no-frills, honest, piping hot, aromatic, home-cooked Punjabi meals right here in Niagara Falls, NY? For the first time a Navratan Korma that had pindi masala in it. This one dish alone was worth the price of the buffet! The tava and tandoori rotis were light, naturally fluffy and perfect with the hot curries. The Chicken dishes- my wife and in-laws wouldn't stop raving about. The best was really the dessert- the Jamun. Each ball of doughy deep-fried goodness cooked perfectly all the way through with a deep naturally red outer crust to bite into. If you want the generic, bland, cream-infested "Indian" food served up at every other "me too" Indian restaurant in the US, please skip this one. But if you're looking for the flavors from a Punjabi home served with a smile, look no further. Heaven- warrants 5-stars! PS: Just call them and they'll pick you up at the falls and drop you back after your meal!!
The food was really good. They had the buffet for dinner (which we had). The Veg options were many and good. There were 3 non-veg dishes. Their nans are good too.
Weird Indian restaurant.  Food is ok.  Needed salt?  In have never been in an Indian restaurant were the food needed salt.  Chana masala could be exceptional with some greens? No ice in Ice water, no tea, no diet pepsi, pepsi or sprite.  Asked for ticket a bunch of times? Paneer makihani was very good Chicken small pieces had bones chicken curry very good It was very hot inside on a a mild day ! Steve miller music was playing in the background, very surreal.   There were plenty of indians and pakistanis eating there.  I am surprised since there are 2 other Indian restaurants on either side of the this restaurant.
Three and a half stars! We went in and the waitress who greeted us told us about the buffet. We took a look at it and felt that it was too oily and we were in a mood for something light.  I ordered the dal makhni, the yellow dal and alu gobhi with naan. The food is good. But the service was slow even though our waitress was trying to her best. Under ordinary circumstances I would've given this place 3 stars because its nothing out of the ordinary. However, I've had horrible Indian food at Niagara falls many times before and this place absolutely does it the best.
I have no complaints.  The staff were friendly and helpful, the food very affordable and tasty, and there was a decent selection.  I went while I was in town for the New York Library Assoc conference and they had a poster up welcoming all us geeks.  I was seated immediately and began to dig in.  I couldn't help it, I ended up stuffing my face but it was worth it.  There was a good bit for vegetarians and meat eaters and I specially enjoyed the chicken dish (alas, the name escapes me at the moment).  It was the perfect place for a quiet meal and getting some work done.  If I ever have the misfortune of being stuck in Niagara Falls again I will stop in for another meal.
The best Indian food option in downtown Niagara Falls. Period. Don't ever bother to try the other Indian restaurants in its vicinity. They don't even come close to second when compared to Zaika. Try the fresh crispy samosas, chicken makhani and buttery soft naans served on your table. The mutter paneer was also very tasty and were very fresh. Will come again to this place.
Food great... Service bad... Bit costly...  If you have all the time in this world you can definitely try as food is good
Went out for a quiet Weekend buffet night. Food was Average. Nothing special and doesn't deserve a special review...!
Really, as good as it gets... we were in Niagara for 3 nights and had our dinner there all three days. Great taste. Very good service. Both a-la-carte and buffet are good. But would prefer Buffet if I reach early (7-8 pm). First time, we availed the Yelp check in discount. On the other two occasions, the owner gave us 10% anyway since we went back there :-)
I generally do not mind much on the service side of restaurant but first time felt great service. I'm a tourist to Niagara and happened to visit this place based on Yelp reviews. Service & Ambience - Amazing. No other place near falls beats this restaurant in service and Ambeince Food - Naan is good. Taste of other dishes is good too Variety - Not too much of variety in buffet. Only place near falls to get best Indian food
If you are looking for good Indian food this is not the place. It's customized for non Indian customers
Great ambience. Buffet looked very delicious. But we ordered a la carte. The dishes were very tasty and the prices are just right. Service might be delayed when its crowded, but otherwise a great place to have lunch/dinner if you are in this area.
Pretty disappointing. I recently moved to the area and have been desperate to find good Indian. We tried a few high ranking places in Amherst and it was really mediocre, so thought we'd give this a shot and it was much worse. We only ate from the dinner buffet though so maybe ordering from the menu would be better??
Friendly service and atmosphere, a full and good buffet, and top-notch mango lassi. What else do you want? Oh, good seating and fair prices? Check and check. I know 5 star reviews are lame, but there's nothing wrong here!
There are at least 2 Indian restaurants in every street near Niagara Falls. But none of them provides good food. We went to this place one evening and ordered TO-GO. I forgot to show the 10% coupon from Yelp but the person who was in charge was very nice. She gave me a 20% coupon (hand written) and said I can use it next time. We ate the food in our hotel. It tasted so good so the next day, we went for buffet. Yes, the buffet had bit limited items (we saw 2 non-veg, 4 veg items). No starters. The dessert was very basic "Kheer". But the thing we loved is the taste. The food tasted so good and the waitress was very kind and took our 20% coupon. The kheer tasted very good too. The other day I ordered To-Go, I saw gulab Jamoon in the Buffet but we just missed it. Overall, this is the best Indian restaurant in Niagara Falls. Don't miss the tasty Buffet.
Excellent chicken curry the smallest buffet I have ever seen. But all the curries were pretty good. The chicken curry in the buffet tasted like homemade.  I definitely would recommend this place. I thought it was going to be a cheesy Resturant and was very surprise on how good it really was.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants at Niagara. It was walkable from the falls. The staff is very warm and friendly. They were at our constant beck and call and received the customers with a smile. Food was just Yum and Delicious. The buffet covers all the top varieties of Indian cuisine and the bread (naan) is very soft and tasty. Spice level is very moderate in the buffet dishes, so, if you are looking for very spicy you should go for a la carte. Vegetable biryani comes with generous amount of paneer and variety of spices n condiments. If you are at Niagara and want Indian food, you should visit this place.
We ate there last night.  The waitress didn't put in half of our orders and then when we told her mistake she comes and tells us the kitchen is closed.  At least we didn't get charged for that food.  Also if you want more rice it comes with an extra charge.  Never in my life have I seen an Indian restaurant charge extra for more rice!  Then you see walking around: a waitress who noticeably pregnant, one who doesn't speak any English and one who's just dumb.....we had the dumb one. The food we did receive tasted authentic.
Puhleerzzz...go and eat here. All the other indian restaurants in Niagara Falls are horrible. Very good food. We had the Buffett and each item was freshly prepared and delicious. And, At all costs, avoid the Bollywood bistro on Old Falls Rd.
Was staying near to this place and craving for indian food so after looking at the reviews we ordered food from here and the person was nice enough for the delivery. We order paneer, daal, chole, naan/roti, dahi , veg briyani. The taste is really good and surely can make the difference that food was made fresh not picked from some buffet selection, i bet there buffet should be also as good as this food. The reason for not giving 5* is that the deliver was somewhat missing the number of the roti/naan we ordered and still we were started for it, we called back the restaurant and left a voice message that order is not complete, we were not expecting that they deliver again but as surely were expecting a call back for the miss. Any ways in the end the food was at least good and dinner was yummy. I will surely recommend to try this out if you are near this place.
Definitely love this place.  Went last night with a group of friends.  The service was wonderful with constant water refills and checking to see if we needed more naan.  The food was really good although I don't eat indian much so I can't really compare it to anything (or name anything that I ate).  I'll go back here if I'm feeling like Indian in Niagara Falls again for sure.
The restaurant over all was nice. It has a comfortable environment. The buffet could have more variety, and some of the rice was undercooked. On the other hand, The food was delicious and we had an enjoyable time.
Super deliciousness. Best Indian in the region. Meaty portions and friendly service. Check it out.
Good place for tasty Indian food. I am an Indian so I know the taste. I definitely appreciate the Zaika food. I have had Indian food at various restaurants in Chicago, Los Angeles and bay area - Sunnyvale, mountain view etc. but no where had food like this place. I would give 100% for the taste of vegetarian food. Tandoori Chicken was good too but other non-veg dish was not so tasty. Ambience is okay. Service is good; quite prompt and they are good hosts.
Real Indian cuisine! You know you have stumbled across the Taj mahal of Indian cuisine in Niagara Falls when you enter this restaurant. The aromas of East Indian curries and spices fill the air vividly. The chatter of languages at neighboring tables is not English or French. Amazing plates of food that are a beautiful kaleidoscope of colors and textures. I had the curried lamb with Basmati rice extra spicy and it was so savory. Service was excellent as well. The atmosphere is upbeat but very simple. It's  obvious that people come here for the food and a truly authentic ethnic dinning experience.
Excellent !!!!!!!
Awesome. Simply awesome food. Everything we had in the buffet was just fab. From starters to veg dishes to non veg to desert.. Friendly staff too.. This is a place to go if you are in Niagara.
You know you are in for a treat when the majority of customers are indian families....It did not disappoint.  Staff were extremely polite, beer cold and food was great. Highly recommended...
A definite must try when in Niagara Falls!  Thank you yelpers for the great reviews or we wouldn't try this place.  10% discount when you checked in too.  We tried the buffet and everything was great.  Awesome carrot kheer!
Authentic Indian but nothing special. We weren't big fans of their naan as it had an overwhelming buttery flavor and not the normal taste and texture we were looking for. Service was good but they were so busy we did have to wait for water a few times..
Today is their season opening and the food is very good. The staff is nice. The Indian tea and mango lassi were tasty.  The entree "chef tandoori dinner was perfect for 2. The dessert are authentic to the culture.
Good authentic north indian food. We tried the vegetarian curries and stuffed paratha. They were delicious and portions sufficient.
I didn't realize that there were a lot of Indian cuisine resteraunts in Niagra Falls.   But again, this place has some great reviews on Yelp so we decided to give it a try.   We walked in late (around 9pm and they close at 10pm) so all we had available to us was the buffet.  But the place was pretty crowded and they say if the you see a place packed with folks who are native to the food served, they you've picked a good spot.   We were happy with the food and the never ending baskets of Naan.
Probably one of the better Indian restaurants in the area. Service was pretty slow, had to keep waving at the servers for breads, food was good and authentic.
The food is absolutely delicious! I recommend their Tandoori chicken! The service is just as amazing. I highly recommend this place for people trying Indian food for the first time and those who love Indian cuisine!
Authentic punjabi Indian cuisine. Nothing fancy here, just fresh and homemade food. This might be the best Indian restaurant in Western New York.
Used the check in offer, it works!  Had the buffet.  Went with group of eight and all enjoyed it .  It was a little spicy for mild in my view, but very good. The samosas were excellent, be sure to try those even if not on buffet (not on buffet night we were there).
Amazing food! One of the best indian restaurants I have ever dined at. From currys to naan, everything was just perfect! Especially loved the Gulab Jamuns!!
Absolutely the best indian food we have had!!!!  Our server was incredibly helpful and very sweet. My hubby had the chicken biryani, and I had the rogan josh with lamb and of course naan. We are sad that we are leaving tomorrow, maybe breakfast....
Loved the food and the service. Non veg was so so...but the veg dishes were absolutely fab. We were a party of 6 and everybody just loved it. If you are in Niagara and want to try Indian food, then this is THE place.
My wife and me came here in December and the food was really good. My wife loved the "Chef's Tandoori" dinner and I loved their "Goat Khadaii". Generous portion. Friendly waitress and good service :) Highly recommend it!
Good food, tasty n fresh but not much variety in buffet
Without a doubt, the best Indian food in Niagara Falls. My wife and I now frequent this place enough that it's tough to give a review of a single meal. Some highlights: the chicken biryani, the chicken makhni, and their samosas. The a la carte portions are gigantic. I do recommend taking a look at the buffet before you order it- the food is good but the selection is small, so make sure they have what you're in the mood for.
Oh i love food here... i never thought that i will find such a good restaurant in Niagara falls area given the fact that its a tourist place. Its authentic punjabi food. Dal makhni was so good. They mixed chana dal in dal makhni (Its the real traditional old way of cooking dal makhni)... I love aloo gobhi and chana as well... Deserts were also good... Best part was hot fluffy Naan... They were fresh out of tandoor and were very soft.. I really wish that this place was near my house... We find one server very rude, when we ask him to bring more Naan then he told us to ask the original server.. he said he is not our server... Hope management will take notice of such people... Overall good food!
Definitely not the highest quality of food but it tastes real good.  I had the chicken curry medium which was perfect level of spicy.  Don't get the pickles, whatever they are its vomitous.  The Lamb dish a couple below the House Curry is also really yum.  If you're going to get a beer get the one that ends in 5000.
On our last night in the Niagara Falls area, we decided to check out the casino and blow the rest of our vacation money. Afterward we started to get hungry and really weren't in the mood for touristy casino/chain restaurant food, so we headed back (on foot) to our hotel and hoped to pass something, and that something ended up being Zaika. We were warmly greeted and seated immediately. They had a full menu, but we opted for the buffet. I can't remember what all was on there, but some of it included rice, chana saag, dal, chicken tikka masala, some kind of paneer curry, and some kind of fried cauliflower. Naan was brought to the table. Everything was delicious! Not the absolute best I've ever had, but it was quality food. We went back for seconds and noticed they also had a small dessert section, but we were too full to have any. I definitely recommend this place for some tasty indian food on the NY side of the falls.
Excellent Indian food in buffet form. The clientele is about 95% south Asian, 5% east Asian, and 5% other. (I'm other.)  Very friendly amiable Sikh people.
The best Indian restaurant in Niagara Falls, NY. Once you go there you will see why this restaurant has so many reviews in every site. The staff are friendly, very nice and hospitable. Service is not just excellent but also exceptionally nice. Clean and peaceful ambience. Not very pricy. We thought it was worth every penny. All day buffet. It's my 4th time visiting Niagara and I wonder why I never came across this wonderful restaurant. Buffet has total value for the money. None of the items were prepared just for the sake of it. They carefully cooked each item with special interest, and tasted wonderful. I don't eat naans, so I ordered Poori seperately. Needless to mention they were wonderful. My friends who ate the naans said they were melting in the mouth and felt very good. Guess the naans are as good as poories I tasted. We went there even after next day for a to go menu. They gave a 10% discount even before ask. Also Surprisingly they even had a better menu next day. Never been more satisfied. Fundamental thing is when you visit places like Niagara it's a one day deal for most of the restaurants. So all they have to do is to let you in somehow. They don't care if you are disappointed. Yet, Zaika is undoubtedly exceptional. I would totally recommend this to anyone of my friends when they are visiting Niagara.
Little bit farther than the falls. But worth the extra 5 minute walk. Definitely looked and feeled better than the several Indian restaurants we passed. We ordered the food from menu. Excellent service and tasty food.
The food was plenty and very good, but the service was terrible. Didn't clean the table in-between the dinner and deserts, so we had to sit at a dirty table for 30 minutes until we left. Had to ask twice for the toothpick, and then were served 2 individual toothpicks. It may seem pragmatic but is very rude.
After enjoying the beauty of falls,  we were looking for some nice foods.  Our group was a mix of both veg n non veg.  All of us enjoyed the food.
One of the best restaurant in Niagara falls. We are strict vegetarians and we got the best vegetarian food.
"The food was absolutely delicious (even better than the Indian food on NYC). The service was good and the only down side was the decor. The interior is a little old and dank, but honestly it didn't even matter. Would definitely recommend."
Five stars for ambience food and service.....best place at the falls.......rest all boosting indian food on every corner are far from indian and not even hygiene....we had a dinner buffet  @Zaika perfect menu.  Ate at punjabi place in the morning.......very bad experience.
Nice clean place and very courteous staff. We had ordered aloo paratha, tandoori rotis and garlic naan along with paneer bhurji. The rotis and naans were very good. The paneer bhurji was a dry dish and average. The aloo para that's were exceptionally spicy. We are a family that eats very spicy food, but the para that's were too much. Probably the chef added three times the green chillies that is normally used. However when it was brought to the notice of staff, they immediately apologized and offered to provide a replacement. When we declined they promptly deleted the aloo parathas from the bill. The lassis ordered in the end were the consolation since they were pretty nicely made.
Excellent food & excellent service!!!! Everything on the dinner buffet was just fabulous!!!! In spite of long weekend rush, Noori took very good care of us
My friend Terry told me about this place - one of her favorites - so she took me there for lunch during a visit.  We had wonderful lunch both going to the buffet.  The choices on the buffet were especially good for her since she's a vegetarian, but I had several choices that spoke to me as someone who eats meat.  There were choices for a fresh salad to start and the buffet included the standard fare of rice and multiple entrees.  Her favorite - bhaigen bharta - is a delightful eggplant dish that has a smokey taste with a bit of heat to awaken your tastebuds; she says it melts in your mouth and it certainly did in mine.  The butter chicken and chicken tandoori were both pleasant and for those of you who like mild, those would certainly be for you.  Other dishes that delivered a bit of heat (which I really like) included one with cheese and beans, pakoras in a yogurt sauce, and others too many to recall but each had their own distinct flavor.  We went through two orders of the naan which were tasty and well worth the second order!  Among all the Indian restaurants in the area, Terry told me that this was the best she's had and after our lunch there, I can see why she thinks that.  I would go back in a minute!
This place is such a gem in Niagara...the food was amazing and the service was great. Our waitress was so friendly...truly a great place.
We ended up here for lunch on our way from Toronto to VA. The food and service was good. There are a lot of vegetarian options.
Excellent food, Went for the happy hour, and then stayed for the veggie korma and nann bread.
Everything we ate was delicious. Remember to ask for mild spice if hot foods are not your thing. The people were very nice too. We had an amazing tofu burger as well that we thoroughly enjoyed!
Super polite server and delicious food.. Had a great lunch today.
Excellent service with good food!
Amazing food,  v ordered malai kofta and shahi paneer. Garlic naan was also good.  Overall good.service.
excellent buffet at a reasonable price ($12 per person)
This place is great. I was on a trip to Niagara Falls and this place is two blocks from the falls. We had the buffet there. The food tasted very fresh unlike most Indian buffets. The hosts were very welcoming. This place is a must if you want to eat Indian food at the Falls on the American side.
Definitely one of the best Indian food in the area! We tried several within a 2 day period and this was hands down the best *buffet*! Rating is based on neighboring Indian places.
Walk-able from the Niagara Falls State Park, Rainbow Bridge and most of downtown. The food was quite tasty and priced just right. Buffet and A la Carte were both available. We went for the buffet, with unlimited naan served at the table. The taste was quite authentic and the pricing was very reasonable. Highly recommended.
best food I've had in US & the price is unbeatable with outstanding customer service....high recommeded
Zaika is one of the best indian restaurants you can find at Niagara. This an authentic indian restaurant predominantly North Indian one. It's very neat with nice ambiance and well maintained. Food is good,taste is great, flavor is good and spice levels are decent. Most of the time they don't have buffet and so can take your time and order food you want. We tried out rotis, Nan's which were soft,veg and chicken curries and they were hot and fresh. Most of all we loved the tandoori chicken which was fresh from grill and spicy. Also they do serve drinks and of course indian beers:). I would recommend to try out your fav beer with hot sizzling tandoori to start then have some Nan's and curry for sure. "The best indian food with great ambiance in Niagara"
During a family trip across the border to the American side of Niagara Falls, I was tasked to figure out the food plans for the day. I settled on Zaika Indian Cuisine. I was a little disappointed to arrive at the restaurant to see this sign on the front door: "Due to busyness, we are currently offering 'All you can eat' only." Not wanting to incur roaming charges to find alternative plans, we ate there anyway. The buffet did not have a large variety of foods, but the foods that they did have were very good. They offered what I believe is the best samosa I've ever had in my life, and their tandoori chicken was also very good. Forgive me for not knowing what the other dishes are called (they didn't have any labels), but I enjoyed all of their offerings very much. Overall, Zaika was a pleasant surprise. A very good buffet at a decent price (less than $15/person). Tip: Free parking on the street
Excellent place in Niagra.better than any indian restaurent in the area. I am giving 5 stars to this place because I want such kind of places to grow . Gulab jamaun awesome I can go just for that to this place :)
A fantastic place for dinner,  perfect for groups,  and very family-friendly.  Unique and delicious cuisine appreciable for anyone, and a true dining experience.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for novelty, ambiance,  culture,  and a delightful Niagara Falls evening. Perfect.
Really great food and a wonderful experience . We got there this evening to find they were only running a buffet service as it is a busy weekend. We checked out the buffet but it was more vegetarian dishes, and I have very specific preferences for Indian cuisine (I'm picky, I admit it) and so we told the waitress we would just have our drinks and leave. She went away and checked with the chef if he would make us something from the menu, and as it the restaurant was pretty quiet at the time, he agreed, and so we ordered from the menu. I really appreciate this kind gesture, they went out of their way to be nice, and saved our evening, The food was extremely good, probably the best chicken korma I have ever had, and the garlic naan bread was pure heaven. Thin, crispy at the edges, soft and buttery in the centre, just beautiful, everything was well presented and the service was extremely attentive. I could find no fault with anything. Thanks again to our waitress for doing us a huge favour  and thanks to the chef and his staff for their extra effort.  The restaurant is obviously very popular, for good reason.
Very good food! Me and my family were in Niagara Falls for a day. We always heard Indian food is not great in this city. But my wife want to try the buffet because there might be at least one good item. We liked all the items we tried. Good quality food. Their naan is made fresh and brought to the table and one of the best in my recent experience. If anybody want to try Indian food in this area just give it a try.
Something different for a change - glad I have it a try!  Unique tastes, spices and sauces galore. Great stuff!
Good tasty food but could have done with a better variety in flavors.. They also had onion rings for apps which turned me off
I know that when it comes to Indian restaurants in Niagara Falls you have a very wide selection. But I think I found my favorite one! The restauran is located a short walk from Old Falls St. and has free (2 hour) street parking right in front. When I visited the restaurant they were serving their buffet. Which was great and had a wide variety of choices! The way to try a different number of plates. The buffet included at least 6 different meat and/or veggie curries, 2 rises, 2 desserts, 6 sauces, 1 samosa looking thing (it probably was a samosa, I just couldn't eat any more by the time I saw them) and naan. The decoration was also cute and the service was nice. Oh, did I mention that they have outside siting? Yup, right in front, perfect for the sunny summer afternoons. I'll be visiting this place again next time I am by the falls.
Good, solid food ordered off the menu. Staff was very attentive. Went to dinner with two friends who had never tried indian food before. It was a great place to start for them.
Great place. Food was very good and a good value. The other reviews on here are on point. We went for a late lunch--as they were switching over to dinner service--so we could try some of those dishes too (at the buffet). Definitely worth the visit!
An excellent experience. Alert and attentive wait staff, 5 star quality food and a nice atmosphere. Despite slightly high buffet prices, I highly recommend this place. The okra, califlower,  sauces and desserts are very well prepared. The traditional music adds a nice touch. Yum!
It was a busy day for these guys (My guess is that every day is). There was chaos all around.  Waited in line for almost 1.5 hours. Food was okay.
A perfect buffet with not so many options but every option was just so yum. I was very content and happy.
The food was really good, staff was friendly . The sweet dish (fruit custard) was awesome .Do checkin at start and present the discount coupon to the staff for the check. During my stay in niagara I tried couple of other Indian restaurant , n found this to be the best. Do try if u are looking for desi food
Tongue satisfying Indian food. Restro with good ambience,good staff and offcourse good Indian food.
The owners are big fans of Luis Suarez of Liverpool FC so they wanted a restaurant name that rhymed with "striker". Their favourite daughter moved to Opelika, Alabama, and she is a hiker, a biker, and she was a former lawyer who represented inmates at Riker's. So it only made sense to name this place Zaika. When I was here, I got the buffet. I can't remember which one is Crown and which one is Zaika, but I found both of them to be slightly overpriced, and not particularly impressive. Having said that I am very spoiled by the Indian cuisine of the UK (which I know isn't really Indian, but I love it). These places in Niagara Falls are less like Buffalonian Americanized Indian, and more like Jackson Heights, NYC Indian (which is the real deal), but in my opinion, nowhere near as good, and I didn't find them to be particularly fresh either. Having said all that, there is a real dearth of quality Indian restaurants in the US, so if you like Indian food, given that it's really a matter of taste, I recommend trying these NF USA versions of Indian to see what you think.
Someone else said this was Jackson heights style Indian food, I agree. It was tasty but heavy on the frying and oil, like much traditional Indian food. They did have fresh iceberg lettuce at the buffet so if you are really aiming for healthy there's that. .. A surprisingly decent option in a land of decaying tourist traps.
Oily food. Expected a cleaner environment. Toilets could do better. Expected better from the place.
