Excellent food! We had the koobideh kebab and chicken kebab. I've never had such juicy chicken kebabs! Great food!! I only wish that the menu was easier to understand. But the owner lady helped us out. We also had the seasoned biryani rice, but they were just average. They tasted nothing like the South Asian biryani. I guess you need to have a taste for them.
We had koobideh and Soltani kabob with biryani rice and falafel.  Very tasty.
We were going to a retaurant to eat and we found this place by coincidence, we ended up going there instaed, the food was beyound awesome, the owner was very nice, the place is small but the food worth the visit. I really recommand  this place and we are definitley going back!
Nice friendly owners!! Hubby wife business, great team!! It's small, to eat in.  But delicious food, it's flavorful, tender meat, burgers are big enough for 2 people.  family of 6 had Alibaba combo with 4 skewer, and 2 burger, cost about $42.  Will for sure come back!!
We wanted something off the beaten path and this was perfect! HUGE portions, everything homemade and delicious. Very friendly family too! Highly recommend.
Great food. Everything freshly made. Super nice ppl as well. Forget the other high priced halal joints. This spot is awesome on every level. Would repeat if in Niagara, CA!
I highly recommend this restaurant for everyone.  They have one of the best kebabs I ever had with fantastic customer service.  The burger is also home made full of meat and the bread is baked by the owner. In a nutshell the best restaurant to try in Niagra falls.
Excellent place to eat with fair prices! The kebabs were so delicious (perfect spices and very moist!). The owners are super nice, absolutely would recommend them!
I definitely recommend this restaurant. It is not a fancy restaurant, though the food is great. I specifically recommend the cheese burger. It was the best cheese burger I have eaten so far. It is so big that is enough for a couple. We tried Sultani (barg and Kubide combination) and we enjoyed it as well. The price is reasonable.
Nice little place. Owner and wife are very friendly. Son is so polite. Menu isn't complicated, fairly priced, foods pretty good but wish they had a sauce to accompany the meal. All in all, I highly recommend it. Did I mention I love grilled food?
