Finally.  A good, strong, drink! Granted, when we arrived at Sandstone Grillhouse, the restaurant was mostly empty.  However, we sat at the bar with a group of three women (one with MAJOR relationship issues), and two employees whose shift just ended.  After the women left, we chatted with our bartender and the two employees who were really friendly and cool.  I bitched and moaned about Niagara's bar scene to them, and based on their reactions, I wasn't missing anything. I had the KGB martini, similar to a White Russian, with Kahlua and vodka.  The bartender recommended it served on the rocks, and I took him up on it.  He knew what he was talking about.  I then followed with a Lychee martini which was equally as good. Niagara may not be a party-hard kind of town or even have many dive bars where locals hang, but if you show up here between 10-11pm when some of the waiters are ending their shift, it's worthwhile to hang at the bar for a bit for some good drinks and conversation. We actually planned to go back for dinner the next evening, or at least come back for drinks, but our plans ended up changing.  Even though Sandstone Grill is a longer walk from Clifton Hill, it's well worth the extra footwork for a decent cocktail.
The food at this restaurant was very good. My husband got the rib eye steak while I got the lasagna.  Which is why we review this place a 2. With that being said a dinner experience is more than just the food. Last night, my husband and I went to this restaurant. We didn't make reservations because it did not look busy. We walked in and asked to the seated. The bartender/host asked us if we had reservations. We replied no. (The restaurant was not busy as we assumed) He replied that the wait would be an 1 1/2. We thanked him and left baffled because there were many available tables. My husband through yelp made a reservation for nearly 15 minutes after we were told the wait would be 1 1/2. When we walk in the couple before us was immediately seated with on reservations. We were confused even more as to how the wait time in a matter of 15 minutes and still not being busy they couple before us was immediately seated. Our waitress was not attentive to our tables but she was attentive to the other tables. We felt very awkward during our entire dinner experience. The only thing we noticed was that we were the only Hispanics in the restaurant. (I'm not trying to pull the racist card because we are having an amazing time in Canada.) however this restaurant experience was very uncomfortable. We will never go back to this restaurant.
First time here in connection with visit to Falls with family (kids age 16, 14, 9).  Well worth the short walk from the main drag.  Atmosphere is nice without being pretentious (we were in shorts) and kids weren't out of place. I ordered the Filet and it was great (Chicago style:  Cooked exactly to order in middle and slightly charred on outside). Very flavorful and tender.   Son ordered ribs that were awesome - fell off the bone. Wife ordered salmon and it was very good as well.   Enjoyed the beer and the cocktails (note:  generous pour on 1st but not so much on second).   Server was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. All in all a GREAT meal and a million times better than over marketed mega chains (hard rock, planet Hollywood, rainforest cafe).  Save your tastebuds from vacation annihilation - eat here.
Fantastic restaurant just a bit off the beaten path.   They talk about their steaks on the menu, but who knew...  The ribeye was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time.   perfectly cooked, awesome seasoning, and cut it with a fork.   the special that night was pork tenderloin and it was amazing!!! Just a fantastic restaurant!!!!!
As soon as we got here we knew that it was an awesome place. They made us feel like back home NY. The food was tasty, drinks were phenomenal, our waiter managed well...got out of there with a smile on our faces since the owner gave us a post card of CANADA from the 70's. Thanks guys.
The atmosphere when we went (on a Sat) was fantastic with the live entertainment. The staff were all friendly and provided us with excellent service. The food was good, though the steaks were undercooked for what we ordered. The steaks were still quite good but some may be more picky with how it's cooked. I would not recommend the Cesars as they were bland and nothing special. Overall a good experience and I would go back.
Excellent food and I ordered steak and it was incredible.
My wife had the fillet...and it absolutely melted in her mouth. She said it was possibly the best fillet she has ever had, ranking higher than the FM she had @ Ruth's Criss. My ribeye was also awesome, though not quite at the same level as her cut. The calamari was excellent as well. Overall, you just couldn't go wrong with the food here. We sat outside on the patio and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere. After a long drive to Niagra, this was just the best place to unwind outside of the busy buzz of Clifton Hill. Our server and host were AWESOME and very attentive to every need. This will be our highlight dinner for our future trips to the falls. We just loved it.
Tried this place because it was set away from all the tourist traps and well tourists.  Good for kids, but is also sophisticated for adults.  Good choice of steaks and chops as well as wine, definitely made Sandstone a positive experience.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Quality of food was good but not great.  My wife's filet mignon was tender and prepared to her liking.  I ordered a Caesar to start and it was swimming in dressing, and my steak was not great quality.   I give 3 stars because we did enjoy the experience and the meal, but quality of food didn't match the price tag.  Good service, good atmosphere, good wine, as well!
Walked in with a party of 6 around 7pm on a Friday night.  Told it would take about 15-20 minutes to seat us. We decided to sit out side & wait.  Ordered a bottle of wine at bar, and the waitress brought it to us outside, along with water and menus so we would be ready when we went inside.  Waitress was friendly, service good.  Excellent garlic bread and Greek salad.  Good selection on the menu from burgers, to pasta, to surf and turf.  There is something for everyone. Reasonably priced.  Live music as well.  Really enjoyed it.  Dishes ordered were spinach gnocchi, salmon special, fish & chips, mediterranean chicken, and 2 other pasta dishes.
Great ambiance, live DJ and performers when we were there Saturday night. Lighting is appropriate and the waiter (Jay) was casual and funny. Food was fantastic! Had steaks and brushetta and everything was perfect. I guess they have 'potato of the day' and you can't have any type any day, like we couldn't get mashed potatoes.. Overall really nice place, $80 for two of us, no liquor..
A very very good place to dine in! We were staying at the Canadian side of the falls - not the most "foodie" environment. This place was like a nirvana in this culinary desert. The entrees are delicious and big and the complimentary garlic bread is amazing! Great local wines as well! Don't hesitate, just go there if you're on the Canada side.
We came in and was greeted nicely. We got sat right away. It was a Sunday night, not too busy. Our waiter was entertaining and helped us on our food choices. We started off with the most delicious calamari appetizer we have ever tried. I ordered the rib eye steak medium and my boyfriend ordered the parmesan chicken. We'll definitely ordered those items again because it was amazing! Good service, great price for the food, and nice looking restaurant.
Service was impressive, the service is four stars. The place was dead, a Tuesday, and the bartender sat us and seemed unimpressed with us being there. Yes we are tourists, but I've got money to spend. The food was bland, hamburgers are well done, thought it was odd I wasn't asked, and tasted like meatballs instead of hamburgers. Maybe I'm difficult since we come from the lower 48 and there is basically 100 different burger specialty restaurants where we live. The portions are huge, everything we received could have been shared. The bill is done right at the table, I've read about this, and yes it is uncomfortable when you want to leave the tip and the server is right there, even though our server was superb.
Overall happy with our meal here. The restaurant is in a nice, quiet location that's away from some of the more crowded areas of town. We had a reservation but had to wait about 10 to 15 minutes for our table to be ready. The steak was excellent though and done just the way we ordered it. The salads are great and so is the spinach gnocchi with a really tasty red pepper sauce. Yum! Nice wine list and the service is pretty good. A tad slow because of how busy they were, but mostly fine. There was live music and singing for birthdays/anniversaries and such, so if you like a quiet restaurant, this isn't your place. Good serving sizes and the steak prices are about average for the area. Despite the minor complaints, the food was quite good, so were glad we decided to try this restaurant while in Niagara.
Food: 5   Service: 5 Ambiance: 4 Overall: 5 / 5 First off, I've never heard about this place and I had no clue that it had a high rating on Yelp. A couple buddies of mine decided last-minute that we wanted to do a Niagara overnight trip. We stayed at a hotel not too far from Clifton Hills and upon checking in at reception I asked the three ladies who were working the front desk where they themselves would eat steak if they were out with friends or their families. Every single one of them agreed on Sandstone and shared their positive experiences with us. One of the ladies said that they were familiar with the owner and said they would get us a reservation for that evening. The guys were craving steak...boy, did this restaurant deliver! The venue: the place definitely doesn't look like a high-end fine dining steakhouse like the ones in Toronto with up-to date décor and lighting fixtures. In fact, it looks more "homey" with a touch of antiquated elegance. The lighting was dimmed but not so dim that I couldn't see my food. We were seated at a table right next to the live entertainment which was an absolutely wonderful experience. The guy playing the piano/keyboard was amazing and even took requests. The live entertainment (with a musically adept and entertaining musician) definitely added to the ambiance and overall experience. The food: We ordered different types of steaks (NY striploin, rib-eye, tenderloin) and they were done to perfection. One of my friends tried rare for the first time and did not enjoy his first bite. Our waitress noticed immediately and asked him if he would like them to grill it for him to medium. She took his plate and came back in a few minutes with a plate that looked brand new (veggies arranged properly again and the steak looked as if he hadn't touched it at all). I couldn't tell if they gave him a new steak but THAT, fellow Yelpers, is service done right! Also, we asked for minor variations to their menu and I even requested if I could try their spinach gnocchi instead of my salad and that I wouldn't mind paying the difference. The waitress checked in with her manager/owner and they said that they would be more than happy to accommodate our requests. This was the kind of service we received throughout the night. Little did we know that we had spent almost 3 hours dining here. Thank you to our waitress (can't remember her name), the live entertainment, the family owners and the kitchen staff for making this night memorable for us guys and the soon to be (well, now he is) groom. I definitely look forward to coming back and bringing my family here for a great dining experience and top notch service. This family-owned steakhouse is well deserving of my 5-stars. If you want a locally-approved eatery and not a dining tourist-trap, this is the place to go!
Ate dinner here on 7/8/14 with four adults and two children. Food was excellent as was the service. Great recommendation from desk clerk at our hotel. Well worth being out of the main stream at the Falls!
The inside of the restaurant was nicer than the outside. It was quiet and away from busy tourist areas, which was nice. We ordered one of the meals for two and shared it among three people. We also had French onion soup ordered. The soup was strong and flavorful. The meal included salad, scallops, and chicken and steak. The beet salad was wonderful, although the beets could have had more flavor. The scallops came with bacon and they were juicy and grilled to perfection. The chicken and steak were also grilled wonderfully, and they tasted wonderful. The vegetables that came with the meal were nice. The bread served with the meal was one of the best breads that I have ever tasted. The meal fully fed all three of us, and it was reasonably priced. The dining experience was great. The food was served at a reasonable pace and the staff was friendly and helpful. We would definitely come back to Sandstone Grillhouse in the future. Dinner here was the best meal during our stay at Niagara.
Fantastic food, amazing service, great atmosphere!  Highly recommend!!!  Did a bunch of research on great steak restaurants that were reasonably priced prior to choosing this establishment for a birthday dinner. Our evening exceeded all expectations. You will not be disappointed!  Don was fantastic!!!!
Delicious food! Had chicken parm and lasagna. Server was amazing. He was so happy and it was definitely contagious. Made the whole dining experience a lot better.
5 for ambiance 4 for service 3 for food 4 for being away from the Tourist crap 5 for having its own parking!!!
5 for ambiance 2 for service 2 for food 3 for location Visited Sandstone Grillhouse based on the reviews here at Yelp but found it to be quite disappointing. Yes, it was away from the tourist trap area which was nice and the prices were ok but the food and service was below average. I went with 6 people total and we got seated within 10mins which was quick considering how busy the place was but after that, the service was slow! It took about 20mins before we got served + had to wait about 30 mins before we got the food we ordered.   I got the ribs and it was dry and flavourless. Was supposed to be fall off the bone and as such, should have been quick to make!?! The others in my group got the burgers which I had several tastes of and it was okay but wouldn't say it was worth the calories. A nice thing about the place was the live jazz music but it wasn't enough for me to rate it more than 2 stars.
Oooh yummy! My hubby had the pork chops and I got the sirloin burger, both delicious. There was also this tomato eggplant soup which was a lot like minestrone less the beans, which was to die for! Their drinks are good - but could have a little more options for those who dont like sweet drinks - and the service was very friendly. Good ambiance and value for the price, I would come back here and recommend this place to anyone visiting.
Very friendly service and great food.  The bruschetta was great!! The kids loved it too!
Sandstone is kinda out of the way.  We found in on Yelp.  Our hotel concierge hadn't even heard of it.  We decided to try it anyway.  We were a bit surprised to see an empty parking lot when we arrived.  But we forged ahead... The interior design has a bit of old world elegance.  I loved the stone fireplace and ambient lighting and artwork.  The host allowed us to chose our table, we picked a cozy booth.  Service was warm and friendly.  We shared the coconut shrimp appetize.  The Malibu rum sauce was yummy.  So was the bread with rosemary.  So, so good!  BJ wanted to try the grilled scallops, however the restaurant was OUT!  Wow.  Bummer.  He got brick chicken instead, which was amazing.  I tried the linguini carbonara with shrimp, very good.  We were very happy with our dinner.
I came for a post-wedding lunch and I was just absolutely impressed.  First of all, this family-style restaurant opened on a Sunday just for my cousin's event, and it was also so great to be the only ones there.  The service, was also great - made especially so since they were opening on a usual off day. The food was absolutely delicious.  They have this rosemary bread that is so buttery good and warm and crispy.  Must try! I got the salmon and was happily accommodated when I requested double veggies rather the rice.  Best of all, the servers were sensitive to the fact that there was one vegan on our table - and not only did they make his pasta loaded with veggies, but dairy free.  And even better -- they purposefully made an out of this world bruschetta butter free. I was really amazed at their consciousness of this special diet.  I guess they are really into being conscious, as they also used eco-friendly paper straws.  It's a bit weird, but they work.   For a two course meal complete with appetizers and soda/coffee/tea at $18.95 and the restaurant to ourselves, I'd also say it was great value. I'll agree with Julie D. about the interior -- very pleasant and classy, plus parking just outside.   Do plan an event here or come here if you want some great food and service!  It is a guaranteed welcome change from the Vegas-like circus Niagara Falls has become.
When my family and I first walked into Sandstone Grillhouse after a hot summer day, we were immediately greeted by just enough air conditioning to make the room feel pleasant. Every waiter had a friendly, relaxed attitude (perhaps due to only a fifth of the restaurant being full). Even to my mom's nitpicking request to switch to another table, the waiter was more than happy to comply. Another waiter, Terry, asked my dad which style of beer he wanted. My dad, not knowing which one to choose, gave Terry a knowing look, who responded by suggesting his favourite style. But by far, the best aspect was the food, which was served in generous portions. From the crunchy garlic bread to the fresh salad to the tasty calamari to the authentic gnocchi, steak, and chicken, the approval I received from my stomach and my taste buds was nonstop. Well, that was a lie. The fun had to stop sometime. I quickly got full off of the boundless amounts of garlic bread, so dessert was out of the question. The bill came to $120. Not too bad for 4 people!
The service was very good. However, the food was meh for the price. It was decent, but nothing special
Visiting Niagara for the first time, it was necessary to celebrate in the right way. So after yelping, I discovered Sandstone Grillhouse. Once seated, we were greeted by a jolly old fella who was awesome! Joked around with our table and made the night that much more enjoyable! Great service! Now onto the food and drinks. I was surprised by how cheap the beers seemed to be. Only $15 for a premium pitcher...CHEERS to that! Let's just say we had more than one. We ordered the spinach dip and baked brie for appetizer. The baked brie was a little sweet for me, but the spinach dip was creamy and cheesy goodness I was looking for. As for the entree, I went crazy and ordered the ribeye steak and lobster tail! Nothing better than good old surf n turf! The ribeye steak was cooked to perfection and so succulent and delicious. But the highlight was the lobster. Also cooked to perfection, it was just so sweet and amazing! This of course comes from a lobster lover. So if you come to Niagara and want to escape the tourist traps and grab a good dinner come to Sandstone!
We just got back from our dinner at the Sandstone Grillhouse and it was EXCELLENT - Thank you, Yelp :) My husband and I visited Niagara Falls with his parents and wanted to get off the beaten path for dinners. This place is actually within walking distance of all the hubbub but was far enough away that the crowds had dispersed and, subsequently, the prices were also a lot more reasonable! We started with drinks (cocktails around $6, martini's around $7, beers around $4) and were served some amazing fresh bread that was already buttered and seasoned. The daily soup and salad with homemade Italian dressing were both well received by my in-laws. Our entrees consisted of a Pork Tenderloin with peach sauce special, the Grilled Chicken Supreme, the Mediterranean Goat Cheese Chicken, and the AAA Beef Tenderloin. Everyone raved about their respective meals - all of the meat was very juicy and tender, the potatoes were nicely seasoned, and the vegetables well cooked. For dessert, two of us got a Wild Berry Creme Brulee special, one got an ice cream sundae with raspberry sauce, and one got the Chocolate lava cake with WHITE chocolate filling - All of them were AWESOME. Also, our waiter, Terry, was very good. He got everything right without writing anything down and he's a local who had great advice for watching the fireworks and where to eat in Niagara Falls, NY. Overall, we had a wonderful experience!
One of the better restaurants in the Niagara Falls (Canada-side) area. It's a little further than other restaurants, but close to the Fallsview Casino. I went on a Saturday night with no reservation and they managed to get a table for two in less than 5 minutes. It was a very busy night. The Fish and Chips were great but the highlight was the bruschetta bread I had as an appetizer. Delicious! Food was very reasonably priced (I think it's cheap if you compare it to other restaurants in the area). Food and service was excellent.
I don't know whether the reviews here are from friends of the owners or just reflect the overall dearth of dining in Niagara, but this place is nothing to write home about. It's kind of one step above a diner but one step below a real restaurant. Not much different what you  would find in any ma-n-pa Italian place. Staff was very friendly and the experience was pleasant enough.
I am so happy that I found this place! After scouring the internet looking for a good, decent priced, with good atmosphere, that doesn't look ghetto from the outside, I found this one.  I'm not sure why all the restuarants north Lundys Lane and the Falls look so terribly rundown. The food was excellent. Loved the garlic bread smoothered in melted butter that was given to us on the house. Steak was good, spinich gnocchi and a seafood pasta.  Variety of different types of food on the menu from steak, burgers to pastas and fish. VERY pleased with the meal and the friendly wait staff. The place itself was like a cozy home. Seemed quite kid friendly as well. They also were very good about us changing the reservation time about 3 times.
Very comfortable atmosphere.  Service here was friendly and prompt.  The chicken parm was very tasty.   Pretty good pizza.    The bread Was wonderful.   Excellent creme brûlée !   Although I didn't drink that evening, the cocktails looked interesting too.    Check out the coupon for 5 off each 40 spent on area attraction maps...   It's worth it even without the coupon. Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
1 Star for ambiance.  It's a lot nicer inside than it looks like it's going to be from the outside.  They also had live music when we were there (on a Fri night).  We asked to be sat at a comfortable table b/c my wife was preggo, and the table they gave us had super comfy chairs - big, huge apolstered ones.  The only thing the ambiance could use on the inside are some big, thick, flowing curtains to help soften the mood a bit.  Outside needs a lot of work... if it weren't for Yelp and I drove by this place, I never would've wanted to stop. 1 Star for service.  Our server Becky was top-notch.  Ask for her.  She's amazing.  The host staff was also super nice.   1 More star for good drinks and overall experience, but... - The food could've been better.  My seafood linguini was pretty bland, even with red pepper added.  My wife's Chicken Parm was just okay.   - The owner (at least, I think it was the owner) stopped by our table and asked how everything was, but it felt awkward and forced.  I think that, if you're going to add that extra touch, you need to come across sincere.  I felt like he was doing it for the touch, but that's it.  There were not other questions asked, no personality to speak of.  It was just kinda half-way-executed.  Good idea, though... just best to do it all the way or not at all.   In the end, we probably wouldn't go back again b/c there would be too many other places we've had that we liked better and/or other places we want to try.
The bf and I came here for my birthday dinner after reading some of the reviews and we were not disappointed. We went around 8 p.m. on a Tuesday so the restaurant was not crowded at all. Our server was extremely nice and polite and lead us to a nice booth. I had been craving for a burger for the longest while and figured it would be a good time to have one. I ordered the 'Caliente Burger' with Bruschetta as a starter. The food was delivered quickly and tasted delicious. The prices were very reasonable for a restaurant in the area. The service from the employees remained courteous and extremely nice throughout our dinner which is definitely one of the reasons that we'll be going back!
I would have to disagree with the Nayers at this restaurant. Just ate here with 9 others and I'd have to say they did one heck of a job. For Appetizers: Bruschetta 6 out of 5 Stars (I know what I wrote there) Spinach and Artichoke 4 out of 5 Stars Chicken Bites 3 out of 5 Stars Main Course 16oz NY Medium Plus GREAT JOB The same goes for my Bro's 16oz and my Wife's 10oz... All were cooked perfect. Sis-In-Law had a homemade "Alfredo Pasta" not on the menu and she loved it. The wife had some Scallops and she said they were right on (there weren't any left) SERVICE WAS GREAT, ATTENTIVE and JUST LIKE I LOVE IT!!! Overall if and when I come back to Niagara Falls, CAN, ON I will be back here.
Excellent service.  Food was very good and they were very willing to adjust ingredients for dietary issues.  Recommend highly.
I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere tremendously.  If you're looking for something a bit off the beaten path away from the nuttiness of Clifton hill and tourist traps check this place out.  Our server was fabulous and kept our drinks filled and the food coming.  The bruschetta was fantastic, best I have ever had and my rib eye steak was great.  Kids were happy with their pasta with Meat sauce as well. Do yourself a favor and go for dinner one night.  It will be your best meal in niagra.
good solid food. Meat and fish dishes. A bit away from the tourist spots. Lot of locals. Open even in off season. friendly staff
Went to this restaurant because of the convenient location. No problem getting a table and the waiter was friendly. The food was just okay, nothing special. Tried the spinach and artichoke dip for the appetizer, a Caesar salad, and the chicken with goat cheese for our entreé. The bread was fantastic - loved the herbs on top! The atmosphere was a bit confusing. Lots of plants, darkly lit, and a weird glass cabinet full of random knickknacks. It has a bit of an identity crisis.
Good food, great service. The waiter was very personable and carried on a conversation with everyone at the table.   You are not kidding, the bread that they serve you is delicious.  Buttery, garlicky and topped with some rosemary. Honestly, the food was well prepared and portioned properly to hit the spot for anyone that is hungry.   I had the Mediterranean chicken and the white meat was still moist and steamy hot with every bite along with the goat cheese it balanced out the flavors well, chasing it down with a nice cold brew from the tap.
What a great, local alternative to the franchise-infested Niagara Falls. Fresh, delicious, well prepared, local food. Very friendly & attentive service! So glad we found this place.
4.5 for sure.  By far the BEST meal we had in Niagara Falls and thanks to Yelp!  We went on a Thursday night with no reservation which seemed to really throw off the greeter/waiter.  The restaurant was 1/4 full (being generous) and he acted like he could squeeze us in before some massive rush came in.  We both got the french onion soup which was SO good as was the bread served with it.  Simple, yet flavorful.  French bread with butter, rosemary and parmesan cheese baked until crunchy on the outside and pillowy soft inside. Dinner was chicken parmesan for me and open faced sirloin sandwich and fries for him.  My chicken parm was the best I've ever had.  You could cut the chicken with a spoon.  The marinara over linguine was awesome.  Slightly underseasoned for my personal taste but still really good.  The hubby loved his sandwich and fries and was jealous of mine. The owner came around and greeted us and asked how things were, if he could get us anything, etc.  He was so sweet and cute and we'd go back just to see his great hospitality. This would easily be a 5 star but the nervous, type A waiter made us feel like we were breaking some rule by not having a reservation, wasn't as attentive to us as people who had reservations and the restaurant never got over 1/3 full by the time we left at 7:30pm.  Loosen up lil' man!   Definitely a must do while in the area!
Outstanding service. I had the most awesome waiter. Meal was really well rounded. Definitely better than a tourist spot.  Great stuff.   Tip: It is kind of a dark, almost romantic place.
We had a great dinner at The Sandstone Grillhouse. Our steaks were cooked to perfection. The Greek salad is simply outstanding. We started the stuffed portabella mushrooms, very good. We will go back to The Sandstone Grillhouse every time we are in Niagara Falls,ON.
Only great thing was ambiance. Server rarely came to the table, food was undercooked and bad in taste. It was seriously dry pasta. I would
Found this place on yelp and was not disappointed.  The scallop appetizer was smaller than I'd hoped but it was by far the best scallops I have ever tasted.  The salmon was perfectly prepared and the baby back ribs were falling off the bone.  The best part was our servers.  They were so friendly and helpful that they even got my incredibly shy 7 year old talking.  Loved the local eatery feel as opposed to the common tourist trap restaurant.  Highly recommend...and hope that Don is your bartender.
My boyfriend and I ate here on our first night in Niagara Falls as it was within easy walking distance of the Sheraton. I found the food to be ok and a little pricey based on it just being average. We started with the  Spicy Sweet Chicken Bites - on baby greens & crispy noodles, in a sweet chili sauce. 9.95. It was basically cut up chicken fingers lightly tossed in sauce. So overall just ok. Nothing better than I would have been able to make myself at home with some bottled sauce. My boyfriend ordered the caesar salad and added scallops at an additional cost. There were two medium sized scallops on his plate. For the price paid to add them on, it was an insult. I had the macaroni and cheese with sirloin steak special. The sirloin was chopped into little itty bitty pieces and mixed into the macaroni. It was nice that you were able to get a bite of pasta and meat everytime, but it just threw me off. The portion size was generous but overall again just ok. I wasn't wowed and for $20 I was looking for better than ok. The owner commented that I didn't eat all of my meal. It was very filling but I always make it a point to not eat my whole portion when I go out to eat. He then proceeded to comment about how he would have to have the kitchen reduce the serving size. I'm sure that will happen but without a reduction in price. So overall you won't have a bad experience there, but for an $80 bill for an appetizer, salad, macaroni and cheese, one soda and one espresso I was hoping for better than ok.
Wow!!!  Beautiful restaurant. We went this evening for our friends birthday. I called to let them know that there would be 8 of us about two hours before we arrived. When we got there our table was ready and our waitress, food, and overall experience was worth every penny!
What a wonderful surprise this place turned out to be! We wanted to get away from the tourist trap, chain restaurants and found Sandstone's on Yelp. It was a short walk from our hotel on Falls Avenue. When we entered we knew we were in a unique restaurant, with a piano player providing live music and professional, friendly and extremely efficient staff. Loved the atmosphere! This is a family owned restaurant going back two generations - a rare find these days - with staff that take pride in their restaurant and their service. I had chicken supreme and my husband had Atlantic salmon with a creamy crab sauce. We were as impressed with the presentation as we were with the quality of the food - a delicious blend of flavours. We highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wishing to experience Niagara Falls dining at its best and for a very good price. Outstanding value for money. Thank you, Sandstones staff, for an enjoyable and memorable meal.
This place was great. just a short walk from near the bird aviary and rainbow bridge on the Canadian side. I had the linguine florentine. which had amazing portabella mushrooms, delicious artichoke hearts, roasted peppers, spinach, garlic and oil. my husband had their spinach gnocchi, which were huge and so light like little plump pillows. our waitress was not so great. pretty bad service. We decided right after ordering our entrees to order an appetizer but she was no where to be found, so we never got one. then she said she was bringing water when our meals were dropped off, it didn't come until 15 minutes later. But the meal definitely made up for it. And the other waitress near by seemed great to the tables near us.
The NY stirloin was super tender. The pork was good too. Service was good. Great place. More a $$$ than a $$ though.
Having shown up mid-day to find that they don't open until 4pm,we ventured elsewhere to grab a light lunch and returned at 4pm for dinner since we received a. $5 coupon from our hotel. Upon entering we found that there wasn't a hostess working but we were seated by the manager. We immediately noticed some cloth covered lounge chairs at a couple of tables up front and thought that they can't be cleaned when someone drops food or beverages on them (gross?) Glad we didn't sit there. There were numerous sagging and stained black suspended ceiling tiles. There was paint chipping on the walls in a few areas which made it feel so run down. It kind of feels like a place kitchen Nightmares/ Gordon Ramsey should visit if he ever goes north of the border. Onto the menu.....seeing as this is a steakhouse,we wanted to get steak. The prices were at a premium so we had high expectations. My husband ordered the 16oz ribeye which had a bit too much of a "dirty grill" / charred taste to it but alas, he ate it anyway. I had 6oz filet mignon, which did not suffer the same distinctive grill taste and was actually very good. Both meals came with roasted potatoes and steamed veggies, can't forget the small pool of water from the steamed veggies on my plate.... Can't say we would go back as there are many other local restaurants to try out (like grand central in the queen st. District).
Lasagna and Tartuffe was exemplary to say the least. Not what I had originally expected. The bread that comes our before the meal was tasty, and I would definitely return again if I ever visit Canada  again.
Went here because of the high reviews. I think the patrons at this restaurant need a taste bud transplant.  The food was overpriced, bland and even the "free" desert seemed like a Sara Lee Chocolate cake...
Wow. I looked on yelp for a good and different restaurant near Sheraton hotel. It wa my wife's birthday. Reviews seemed good for this place but Yikes!  Bad service and overcharged food. Tried to substitute a stuffed portobello for my Caesar and waiter said the owner said no. Food was so/so. For the price was expecting better. $2.50 for a kids ice cream which was very small and get this for a sundae it's $5 and all they do is put chocolate sauce over vanilla ice Cream. Fyi ice cream is extra for kids meals. My wife and I shared a couples special of steak, chicken and shrimp. Steak was good. Chicken bland and dry. Shrimp well done and rubbery.  They look good. Best thing was my daughters gluten free pasta but it was not home made. Waiter was horrible saying things like I'm not the owner and was not attentive. Spend $130 and would have been better spent elsewhere.
Just OK.  I had the swordfish special and was a little disappointed.  Billed as grilled swordfish with a pineapple salsa over a rice pilaf and veggies.  The flavors didn't come together to create a memorable meal but rather tasted like unseasoned swordfish covered in salsa sans pineapple.  The occasional bite into a piece of ginger didn't add to the experience.  Kids meal included an overdone burger and dry chicken fingers.  Wife enjoyed feta covered chicken.  Atmosphere was nice but not unique.  I couldn't figure out if our waitress was new and nervous, excited, or was suffering withdrawal shakes.
Don't believe the hype! We had high expectations from the rave reviews on Yelp. The location of this restaurant is just outside of the touristy Niagara Falls area, so if you're staying on "the strip" - visiting Sandstone is NOT worth the drive or walk. We ventured North to celebrate my husbands birthday and somehow landed in Niagara Falls. With no dinner plans, I frantically LOOKED ON YELP (total FAIL, you yelpers let me down this time!)  to see which local restaurant would be our best bet to providing a nice birthday dinner. Like any responsible diner, I called a head and asked if we needed reservations and was promptly told that it was unessacary. Upon entering the restaurant,  our ears were greeted by the melodic sounds of a live musician singing covers of top 40 hits. His voice was pleasant and added an unexpected touch. The service was excellent (deserving of two stars). We were immediately greeted by a hostess who inquired if we had a reservation and I replied, "no" since we were told that one wasn't needed on the telephone. The place was relatively empty for  9 pm on a Saturday night. Our waitress was very helpful and attentive. I informed her of a food allergy and she went above and beyond to ensure that nothing I ordered contained allergens.  We started with brushetta which was excellent. Following that was the fresh baked Rosemary and Parmasean encrusted bread which was also really good (see photo). There aren't a ton of vegetarian or seafood options on the menu which made ordering very difficult. Out of default I ordered the spinach gnocchi. It was my first time having gnocchi (see photo)  and will probably be my last. Prior to ordering the waitresses did warn me that the gnocchi wasn't as firm as normal. The filling of the gnocchi was gushing out. I was so turned off that I could not stomach more than a handful of gnocchi and ended up giving them to my husband. He ordered lasagna (see photo) which he thought was just okay and not better than Olive Garden. All in all this was not the birthday dinner that I desired for my hubby especially for the $60 that we paid. The next time we are in Niagara Falls, Ontario  we will be eating elsewhere.
I really want to give this a better review! But I can't quite bring myself to do it. On the plus side, the service was impeccable. Just lovely. The waitress was spot on with the wine recommendation and very attentive. But the food just wasn't that great. I had a spinach gnocchi with a red pepper sauce - the gnocchi were very good, if almost too squishy - the problem was the sauce. The pairing was a mismatch, and it seemed thrown together. My husband had a fillet steak special with shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes, and mixed veg. His steak was not well cut and completely underwhelming - potatoes were good but the veggies were waaaaayyyyy overcooked, mushy, and tasteless. Considering that the prices here are not cheap, we expected better. Otherwise the place is lovely!
Sandstone Grill House is diamond in the rough. Let's start with the good. The staff is great!  Don is the friend you want to visit.  He is warm and inviting giving you an immediate sense of comfort.  You feel like you are being taken care of by a member of your own family.  (The ones you like.). The restaurant is modestly decorated, but elegant. Let's talk about the food.  The shrimp is of the mutant variety.  While the salmon was great, shrimp and lobster tend to be slightly overcooked.  Still tasty, but edging towards being tough.   The steaks, however, are grilled and seasoned to perfection.  You would not go wrong with the Ribeye or Filet.  Skip the onions with the steak.  Vegetables were nicely done and the presentation was excellent.  The local Shiraz was a great wine to accompany the meal.  The chocolate moose is not as I expected.  Normally I see it quit whipped with air.  There's was a little denser and I liked it very much.  This isn't an inexpensive meal.  Dinner for 4 with wine and soft drinks can run $200, but the price isn't out of line with the great quality.  Overall, a great dining experience.  Thanks Don.  Good luck with your team.
Went here for dinner tonight and choose this restaurant over the Keg at the hotel. It was a bit of a walk but based on the reviews it looked like a good option. We got their the host had a great sense of humor essentially telling our party "without a reservation you will have to eat outside" and then promptly seated us. Our waitress, I believe Becky was her name was friendly prompt and attentive. The bread was absolutely wonderful. The Calamari I ordered as an appetizer, was fresh, breaded and seasoned by the chef and was done perfectly. The sauce that was served with it was wonderful and goes well with the garlic bread and the broccoli. Steaks were top notch and the overall experience exceeded our expectations. Take a small walk and give this place a try you will not be disappointed.
Great find in what can be a food desert.  Solid food - steaks, pastas, etc.  Nothing extraordinary, just good food and good prices.  Excellent bread as well and we found service to be friendly and prompt.  Can get busy; reservations would be a good idea
While visiting Niagara Falls it's hard not to be bombarded by all the touristy, overpriced restaurants that don't really serve good food. Thankfully, I was recommended this restaurant by my hotel and trust me, it didn't disappoint. The food was incredible and absolutely worth its value- the bread alone makes the visit worthwhile. There were plenty of options for vegetarians (the gnocchi was out of this world) and of course, an abundant selection for carnivores. Service was way above par with friendly, genuine conversation with Barry, the bartender, and a few of the other servers. If I'm ever back in the area, this will definitely be my first stop for a meal.
I'm sorry, I was very disappointed. Despite all the great reviews this place is getting, I did not enjoy my experience. Food - It's pretty hard to screw up steak.. Nice presentation. Dinnerware could have been nicer and more sophisticated. As is it looks like the stuff you can buy in Dollarama. Speaking of dollarama - price was $80 for 2 which is pretty reasonable for NF region. Atmosphere - This is where it get's major thumbs down from the time I came in. Dislike the way parking was done (not right next to entrance), so if you are in NF and there is snow or rain (that's not a very big IF) you may come in a bit wet. Next, the kids. I have absolutely nothing against kids - just not when they are loud, obnoxious and the parents do nothing about it (if you are one of those people who can't control their offspring - yes, the world hates you for not spanking your kids =). Anyway this made conversation difficult and me annoyed. I honestly couldn't care jack about food - I can cook just fine myself. I only go out to eat to meet other people, enjoy the ambiance and have a conversation, so all in all this was a major FAIL. Service - Srs the waiter said the most awkward things, which even my companion had noted. Not going back except maybe to talk to the waiter and personally express my gratitude for seating me next to the fun family described above. What I dislike about (other's) negative reviews is that they crap all over one place, but do not suggest anything else, so here we go. If you like the FOOD and atmosphere aspect, I'd recommend Copacabana Steakhouse. This is great for larger parties, s/a friends, family etc - it has a great setting for having a fun conversation. Make reservations, and walk in really hungry, because this place is great. Also very reasonable, I remember paying sub $50 for the unlimited meat/buffet option. So far as places with more private settings, I'm still undecided. Cheers
My BF and I were on an extended weekend in Niagara Falls and decided to look at reviews for places to eat.  Based on the rating, we chose the Sandstone Grillhouse.  I would recommend this to my friends/family if they wanted Italian. My BF had the chicken parm and I got the spinach gnocchi.  The waitress warned me that the gnocchi was softer than I would be used to (they were like little mashed potato puffs - that's the best way I can describe them).  I tried my BF's chicken parm and it was great, the noodles were done just right!! It wasn't too bad of a walk from the main Clifton Hills area, if you're not staying in the immediate area, I would probably drive.  The price was reasonable for the area, I think without alcohol/appetizers/dessert our bill was around $55 including a nice tip.
Sandstone was recommended by the hotel front desk and what a great recommendation it was!  We were greeted promptly by a very friendly owner(we later discovered) and seated right away.  Service was excellent.  Ambiance was fantastic...great decor, perfect lighting and GREAT music at a perfect sound level.  The food was served with good timing between courses, it was nice and hot with nice presentation.  Our dinner special included soup or salad, bread - which was TO DIE FOR - entree and dessert with coffee...great value!  Beer and wine rounded things out nicely.  Will definitely return!  Thank you from Kevin and Michele
We did not have a reservation tonight, but had a corner table. The lighting was too dim to read the menu. Terry  made the experience an enjoyable one. I had fish and chip. My spouse and his buddy had open steak sandwich. My soup was the special Herbed roasted red pepper bisque. It was excellent. Ann had the salmon special. We would go back again.
Nice place, a bit away from tourist restaurants which made the food better than the typical tourist restaurant and the pricing more accurate for what you were getting.  Nice atmosphere, friendly service and we didn't feel rushed.  Would recommend for one dinner while there, not a very far walk from the center of everything.
Nice place off the beaten path, with a very modest exterior but nice and restful interior.   Food was wholesome with a wide variety of choices to please groups and kids.  Soft live  music on Friday night was a nice touch.  Worth a visit.
This place is absolutely amazing! A bit noisy, but soooo delicious! :)
New in town and hungry, wife found this with Yelp.  We were glad she did!  With the 4 of us, 3 had steaks and all were cooked as requested, med rare, no more and no less, just right.  Side veggies were fresh and not over cooked, just right.  Portions were just right for us hungry folks.  Oh yes, bread was so fresh, we had seconds.  Wife had the portabello mushroom appetizer for dinner and just "nibbled" on steaks from the rest of us, just right for her.  Came on a rainy night and this was just the right place to satisfy our hunger and felt too comfortable to leave.  Attendants were attentive and very friendly and put up with us.  We will be back someday to see the falls and when we do, we will make it a point to come back here.
Very nice, reasonably priced, good food.
Ate here this weekend while on a weekend away with my wife. We came in just before closing, and still got fantastic service. We started with a couple drinks, and a Caesar Salad then ordered our meal. My wife had the banquet burger, and I had Santa Fe Pizza. Our server brought some bread which was amazing, then our Caesar. The bacon on the caesar was double smoked and was probably the best bacon I have ever had. Then our meal came shortly after. The burger was cooked  to perfection, and made a bed for the same twice smoked bacon. The pizza was also amazing and was on par with my favourite pizzeria. We finished with a slice of cheesecake that came with berry topping that we opted out of. When the server came back he had a small bowl of peach sauce that the chef insisted we tried. He did not disappoint. I would recommend Sandstone, and will most likely be revisiting the next time I am in the Niagara area.
