YUM!!!  Little cozy restaurant with yummy food...  We had the fried rice balls...  Yummm!!!   Mushroom soup, cesar salad and I had the Chicken Parmesan. It was really good and the servings were huge...  We should have shared...  Had lots of left overs...  Service was excellent.. Not many restaurants on the USA side of Niagara Falls...  I'm glad we found this one...
Too salty! Their kitchen is not clean! And the waitress didn't care about the guests at all! Would never ever be back again.
A very interesting place. Stopped in for lunch at this tiny place inside the motel 8. Decor is causal with standard restaurant padded chairs and cloth covered tables. They have some fairly decent selections and some unusual, local dishes. Opted for a Caesar salad and an order of mussels. My associate got a pizza with spinach and pancetta. The salad was good although the dressing tasted bottled. Mussels were very good and the dish, while listed as an appetizer, was large enough to be an entree. My associates first pizza was well done but the owner brought it out as complimentary anyway and said he would prepare another. I like well done pizza so no big deal. Second one was lighter, however the crust seemed to be pre made. The owner/waiter was quite funny as he kept singing and talking to himself the entire time through the open kitchen. Would come back and try some of the specialties for dinner.
Definitely a fine place to eat. No complaints. No compliments. Perfectly mediocre. Salads seemed fine. Desserts are not made there so I would recommend not ordering them.
Employee's and staff very rude...... owner not much better!! Hey don't get up and greet your customer's..... just keep sitting reading your paper while $150.00 walks away from your tiny establishment. Which is in a dumpy hotel. I don't care how good your food is!! When customers walk in the owner sitting on his a** and your employee's are laughing and giggling like school children treating you like an idiot.... you don't deserve my business. I was warned by several people while walking around Niagara Falls to eat on the Canadian side!  ..... Wish i could give zero stars!
Awesome place the place is inside a small hotel and it is small the restaurant. However it doesn't matter the food was excellent. We had 4 different plates and they were very good. Also price was very good. Definitely recommend going there.
It was a good change to find Italian food in between the crowded Indian restaurants. Good wine.
Food is terrible!! Zero star if possible!! They changed the chef and the waitress doesn't even know about italian dishes!!!
Do not be discouraged about the location. Although it is located inside the Super 8, the food was great and the service was great. I recommend the spaghetti alla carbonara. Delicious. Definitely worth trying.
This was a solid restaurant w freshly made food that tasted delicious and arrived at the table piping hot! Don't be put off by the fact that it's in a hotel or that it has 8 tables and is super tiny. We started w the stuffed banana peppers w salami and the tomato mozzarella (caprese) which were both delicious. I had the chicken Marsala which was excellent! A little too buttery for my liking, but tasted great none the less. Husband had the eggplant parm and he cleaned his plate and loved every bite. Minestrone soup was light n delicious as well. Server was sweet and prompt and brought everything to the table w a smile, and had no problem when we asked to be moved to a different table. Overall, this place saved us from possibly having really bad Indian food down the street and boy are we glad we stumbled upon it! :)
A very good restaurant in an odd location! It is located within a motel, but an independent business. if you are in the area as a tourist or even in Buffalo, definitely give it a try. Within 5 min drive of Rainbow Bridge. My dishes were delicious and my wife's soup and dinner were even better. I did not drink that day so cannot say anything about the wine.
In Buffalo for my sis' graduation and brought the fam here due to the good yelp reviews.  We were heading to Niagara Falls, so this place was on the way.  I think we were all pleasantly surprised on how good it was.   - a glass of wine is huge... the house pinot noir was good (enough) - yes. get the rice balls - the complementary bread was delicious.  AND they gladly asked us if we wanted another basket.   - really enjoyed the chicken parm.  sauce has a bit of spice to it.  Dad loved his lasagna - service was great.  I guess it's hard to mess that up when there are 7 tables, but the waitress was awesome, nonetheless.   - open kitchen, and pretty cool eating in a hole in the wall in upstate NY There's a pool on the right-hand side of the entrance when you walk in... so you know., if you wanted to go for a quick swim before (otherwise, you know you gotta wait 30 minutes...)
Didn't even get to try the food. Drove through the ghetto to get there. Walked in to a dining area the size of a fitting room. Only two tables were taken. The other three were filthy. We had to lean our head over the counter and asked one of the cooks how it worked. He said to just sit wherever. We walked out. Horrible first impression.
Neighborhood restaurant with a homey feel. Staff were attentive to guests and take pride in their food and establishment. Food was fresh, authentic and food was visibly homemade. Such a treat in the middle of all the tourist places. We would come back again!
SO happy we were told about this little diamond in the rough. My husband & I came to Niagara Falls for our honeymoon & we stayed at The Giacomo. We asked the staff for local restaurant suggestions and this is where they guided us. It's a quaint space which makes you feel right at home. Make sure you try the fried rice balls for an appetizer, then save room for the lemonciello (sp?) tort! After not being satisfied at a previous "Italian" restaurant for spaghetti, I ordered it here in hopes I'd get my fix, and I did. The meatballs were a little bready tasting (I'm assuming that's what they use for hold) but they're HUGE!! You get your money's worth here for sure. We'll be back if we visit again.
An interesting place tucked into a motel. I guess this the place in Niagara Falls, NY. The service was good, but we did not find the food that special in any dish we tried.
I'm really glad to happen to pick this place to eat. It was late and my friend and I were cold, tired and hungry.  We knew on a weeknight things close early around here so we were just desperate to find a place to eat. We happened upon Villella and decided to check it out. Although the fact that it seemed to be connected to Super 8 and with a cheap bar like neon sign and being located in front of the motel pool really had me be skeptical. My friend was vegetarian and the owner (?) was really helpful in finding options for him. He said that he can make the soup without the chicken broth and offered vegetarian lasagna as an option. He ended up getting Penne and I got the Carbonara. All the pastas come with an option of salad or soup and we decided on the soup of the day which was green and beans soup. The meal wasn't mind blowing incredible but I was surprised to eat a decent Italian fair in a random restaurant next to Super 8. It was definitely good pasta and big portion. My carbonara came with egg, mushroom, peas and bacon. Some of the egg seemed to have been scrambled a bit rather then carbonara I'm used to eating in Japan which is mostly raw egg mixed into pasta. But it was still good. And boy do they have desserts! I wasn't going to look at the menu but the dessert menu has pictures and has 12 options! We shared the Bomba and hazelnut cake. Bomba, chocolate coated vanilla and chocolate ice cream with cherry in the middle, was simple and good. Hazelnut cake was not what I was expected, a little saucy but pretty good. The owner was really friendly and hospitable. I think we ended up sitting around 9pm but he happily served us.
What a surprise!  We took a group of 18 from a conference here on a Monday night. Made a reservation, so they would know we had a large group coming.  The place is a gem!  Looks like just another neighborhood Italian, but food and service are a cut above.   They did a good job taking care of our group, even though we mostly filled the place.  The out of town folks were pleased to go to a place with a local feel. Only complaint is I wish they carried a few microbrews.
We stayed at the Super 8 for the price. We had no idea this little gem was downstairs when we booked. If I recall there was only about 7 tables and a small bar. You can see into the kitchen anywhere you sit. The smallest restaurant I've ever been in. Would not suggest large groups! Everything was delicious and was freshly made on the spot.  It did seem to take a bit, but I expected that. (one waiter, one chef, one cleaner and the manager?) Very small indeed. The portions were good and very filling.  My only gripe is that our drink refills were served in three different types of glasses - weird. Overall, A+... I'll stay in the super 8 again just to eat lunch and dinner here!
Desperate for a 7:00 pm dinner, we tried Villella. Niagara Falls NY is pretty dead. Underneath and next to a Super 8 indoor pool is a ray of sunshine. If you are in the area, do not miss this place. It is incredible.
It might not come across well on a map or by viewing the outside of the building but this Italian restaurant was well worth the chance we took on it. It was a hidden treasure we really enjoyed with food that was memorable for days. Food was so flavorful with many options to choose from & even the bread & the bowl of beans in olive oil on the table were a pleasant surprise to eat. Place is small so we had to wait a little while to get seated but the staff was gracious & kind. As an appetizer we had the calamari & it was hot with a generous portion & had a good sauce. For dinner the four of us had the Lobster Ravioli (times 2) that was delicious & had a wonderful sauce with shrimp mixed in, Chicken Parm that was a decent portion with a good sauce & spices, and a menu special Salmon that was slightly smoky in flavor with fresh vegetables. We would definitely return when we go back to Niagara Falls.
I had high hopes for Villella's because of the experience my parents had dining here, and because of the outstanding reviews it received on yelp.  My boyfriend and I made a point of giving Villella's a try, and driving out to Niagara Falls.  The evening was enjoyable due to the company and stimulating convo, but as for the dining experience, I was not that impressed.  First of all, the restaurant is located in the Super 8 motel, which is fine, and did not sway my judgement, especially because people warned me not to do so.  The place is tiny, and I mean teeny tiny!  It has a trick mirror on the back wall which fooled us for a second though.  The staff was small and the kitchen is visible from the dining area which is kinda neat.   When we arrived, we had to wait a few minutes for the other guests.  The server did not take a drink order, but brought some bread.  We finally did order drinks, and they seemed to take a really long time.  I didn't let that bother me though, and moved on.  I just ordered a diet coke, and it tasted flat.  I just stuck to water after that.  Should have gotten wine. We ordered our meals and the salads came out first.  The house salad came with an italian dressing that literally was so salty that a few of us at the table were choking and coughing.  We were laughing about it because it seemed like they dumped a ton of sea salt into the mix by accident or something.  And, believe me, I love salty foods.  So, I finally said something.  When we did the table next to us looked over and someone commented that they had the same problem but didn't want to say anything to the server.  The server was cool about it and brought us fresh salads with oil and vingar on the side. SO MUCH better.   Our food took a while.  We were talking so we didn't really mind, but it seemed like it was forever- even after the salad mishap.  I ordered penne with vodka sauce and added chicken.  The pasta was cooked al dente which was good, but the sauce was very watery.  I don't know if they didnt drain the pasta good enough or if this was just how the sauce comes, but I was disappointed that the only way I could taste the food was by soaking it up with bread because otherwise it didn't stick to the penne.  The chicken was scare, chopped into minuscule pieces, and was dry.  I regret not ordering something more basic with their red sauce because I tried a bite of my boyfriend's eggplant parm, and it was delicious!  Unfortunately, the server failed to bring out my shot of lemoncello, and by this point I didn't feel like pointing it out to him and forgot it. I don't think we'll be racing back here for dinner any time soon.
The "owner" kept us waiting in the "lobby" while busy with chatting with tables and his staff.  I ordered the gluten-free pizza, and was promised that it was really good.  NOT.  It was terrible.  Since I only ate the toppings and sent the crust back I wanted to know if he would adjust the bill down, not free, just down.  His remarks were nasty and inappropriate.  Crappy attitude.  In a place that has indian food, why go for italian?
Lived in Youngstown ,Lewiston and Niagara Falls all my life and those who do know of the Italian Heritage and the amazing Italian food offered in the region.  Villella' is by far the best food in town. I admit I personally know the owner Philipo. He is my wife's and my good friend. A former colleague. The chef techniques are from the old country because they are both from there. The food and hospitality is outstanding . We go back every three months because it is simply the best Italian food in Western,Ny. Small so go early to get a table. See you soon Philipo.
Good food. Small restaurant, so expect to wait some time before being seated. Only negative is that they include 18% tip as standard for a group of 4 (at least for out of towners). Not cool. I do not like that they did not even mention it, so we were just about to add tip on top. Foodwise probably around a 4*
5 stars is what it deserves! Second time in 2 weeks. Love it. Started with rice balls - crunchy shell, moist and cheesy inside. Pizza crust is chewy and crunchy. Homemade gnocchi delish. Anything with their homemade red meat sauce is awesome. Try something on the specials menu!
this was a great yelp recommendation. yes, it's in a motel 8, it's extremely small but wow the dinner was great! i ordered the chicken sorrentino and it was delicious. even the bread was just great. i just really enjoyed every bite of my dinner.
It's totally thrilling - it's in a Super 8 Motel in Niagara Falls, what could be cooler or funnier? - and it's delicious and even a little adventurous (there was an appetizer with fresh figs in it!). The night I ate there I congratulated the waiter on the food and he thanked me and said "I cooked it." It's like being in a small town in Europe, only it's Niagara Falls.
Let's be honest, we didn't have the greatest expectations for an Italian restaurant attached to a Super 8 in Niagara Falls, NY. But it was late, and the options for a light dinner were limited. The kind waitress seated us even though they were obviously in the advanced stages of closing. We ordered cautiously, not wanting to become too invested in what we thought would be a forgettable meal. But a week later, I still remember. The salad didn't taste like refrigerated remains of last summer's greens, but instead had ripe tomatoes, fresh chunks of mozz and just the right amount of balsamic dressing left on the bottom to sop up with warm and crusty hunks of bread - the bread that arrived with a dribbly bright green pesto that tasted like it had never seen the inside of a bottle. We also ordered some sort of soup that tasted fine, but I couldn't remember for the life of me what was in it. It was a reminder that not all ingredients have to be identified in order to be enjoyed.   At this late hour they were out of the full sized pizzas, so we had to settle for a kid's pie, which was plenty for us. The dough was doughy and sweet and had real tomato sauce and non industrial-cheese. All in all, this place exceeded our expectations, and if I'm ever wandering around Niagara Falls again at 10:00, I'll make sure to wander back here.
Went to this place on the recommendation of our B&B, and although I was hesitant about the location at first (in a motel next to the pool), this was some of the best Italian food I've ever had - and I've lived in Italy.   Service was good and incredibly friendly.  The waitstaff gave us helpful reviews of things and even suggested a better wine pairing for us.  When we lingered over our meal and asked for a limoncello digestif, they brought out homemade limoncello and were super generous with the pour - this was all for two tourists who stumbled into the place, it's not like we were locals. We had: Arancini - to die for Chicken piccata Chicken Fantasia (a special that night) Creme Brulee Ricotta Cheesecake Definitely worth a visit.  I wish I had more time in Niagara to eat there again!!!
May be the very best Italian restaurant that I have ever been to in the USA or Italy ... And that says a lot... Fresh herbs, perfectly cooked meats and sauces .. Lori had chicken and I had veal ... Thin slices.. So perfectly cooked.. Juicy ..and able to be cut with a fork.. Fresh chopped herbs sprinkled over the plate... Not just parsley or basil... But a very delightful blend of finely chopped goodness.  It is a small 20   Sear hole in the wall in a not so pretty part of time... # 1 rated by Trip Advisor and Yelp and deservedly so....  .
5 of us did not like the place despite the decent reviews. Pepper in the water without ice. Sandwiches were ok. Fries were good. The restaurant was out of ice and apologized as we were brought our drinks.  After they brought a bucket of ice in no one was offered ice which made the peppery water and tea taste even worse.
Rice balls YES !!! I could eat these all day. Gnocchis NO. Theywere frozen. I am a great lover of gnocchi so I know where to get them and where not to. This is one of those where not to places. I could taste the freezer on them. My daughters fish fry was aslo frozen. It wasnt just frozen but it was pre battered and then frozen. I was quite unhappy. We also went when they were training the two new Russian girls so service was very poor. Im sure they will sort that out right away though. I think that other dishes may have been good but I wont go back to try them.
my second time eating there and was just as good as the first time 6 months ago. The cook (owner) came over to our table and asked how everything was. Excellent sauce, great diavolo sauce. This place gets packed as it only has 5 tables and it seems a 20 minute wait is the norm, you may want to call and reserve first. A true hidden gem!
Everything is delicious! Especially the Banana Peppers and they do gluten-free by request! Whether dining there or to go  - it is a good choice.
We were lured to Villella Italian Restaurant by good reviews on Yelp, but we ended up being very disappointed. It smelled really bad inside (from the neighboring pool and bathroom of Motel 8), and there were dead flies on the table!!!! Food was ok, but overpriced. The wait staff was attentive and nice. Overall, it was an unpleasant experience.
We come into town once a year & wouldn't miss this restaurant for anything! If only we could talk them into coming to San Diego...and we've tried. Everything, including wine selection, excellent!
Great find. Tiny place and tinier kitchen. Some of the best pasta ever. They serve their bread with olive oil and beans. It was a great departure from the usual. The staff were extremely nice. They forgot the espresso and we found it served on the house when they brought our bill. Visiting Niagara Falls. Don't miss it.
This review will begin like all the others, I was hesitate to try this restaurant because it was located in a Super 8 BUT it was actually very good. It is very very small, about 10 tables. We had to wait about 20 minutes on a Wednesday evening, not too bad. The wait staff was friendly and the chef ( I'm assuming owner too) went out of his way to come over and say hello. When we left he personally thanked us and asked how are food was. The food was very good! They have a very good selection on their menu and wine list. I ordered lobster ravioli with jumbo shrimp, Yum. The only part that turned me off was after I placed my order I saw them go to the freezer and pull them out. For frozen ravioli, they were good. I wasn't crazy about the salad, it wasn't very fresh and had hardly any dressing on it. The price wasn't bad, about the same as Michael's and Como. I would definitely recommend trying this place out.
If we had not had Yelp we would not have found this place appealing from the outside and maybe not even from the inside but when we got the food we were astonished at how good it looked. When we started eating we found out it was even better then it looked! The spaghetti was wonderful and plentiful. The pizza superior and also very large. The meatball sub was the best ever and personally I am not a cannoli fan but the one here changed my mind. Service was good but watch out for the charges for drink refills. Our $80 check was $20 worth of soda! Will definitely go back when we are in town but we will be drinking water!
Tiny restaurant but wonderful food! They were very accommodating to my vegetarian and vegan family members and quickly corrected an entree that arrived with cheese. I had chicken piccata which was excellent. The best surprise was their extensive wine list. They had a French Rose d'Anjou which I have had only once before and have been looking for ever since. (In PA, we have state-run liquor stores, which severely limit your choices). It was perfectly chilled and available by the glass at a very reasonable price. Great service, comfortable seating. Prices very reasonable. Highly recommend this tiny gem if you are in the Niagara Falls area!
Very small restaurant with AMAZING food!  Don't let the appearance fool you...this place rocks.  We will definitely be back!
Gluten free Pizza and Pasta. Phil the chef will make any dish he can gluten free, just ask.  Everything is the food fresh and delicious.   He is working  to make gluten free rice balls, soon to come.   Don't be put off by the location in a super 8, it is a cute cozy setting, and the food transports you to Italy.
Wonderful, delicious dinner, fantastic wine. Great service. As another reviewer noted, they went when it was very close to closing time. We did the same as the tour bus dropped us off at 9:30. However, the staff was lovely. It was worth the trip to have dinner at Villella's. My highest regards to them.
This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but do yourself a favor and go!  The service was amazing, 2 people handling the 8 or so tables, so we got a lot of attention. The food was even better, best Italian food that I've ever tasted, and it was well presented.  I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
I'll start with the cons, there aren't many. It is located inside a Super 8 motel, but it has its own entrance on the side. It is located opposite the motel's pool. So if you sit facing the door and happen to catch some unsavory sights at the pool, tough luck. The pros, there are many. The chef is really Italian. There are only 8 tables, so call for a reservation on weekends. It is a really small place, so the personal attention is great. The appetizer bread, appetizers, entrees and desserts are all great. The chocolate souffle was especially quite divine. The margherita pizza was the epitome of simplified elegance. Don't miss this gem of Niagara Falls.
