A hidden gem!  Amazing service from our server Star.  She really made our evening truly memorable. The food was unbelievable.  We had the cheese platter, blue cheese mussels, Salmon, and Crepes for dessert.   We are so glad that we found this truly romantic spot for dinner.  We will absolutely go back next time we are in Niagra.  Thank you again Star and Chef. P.s. Your pricing is right on and fair for the high level of food and service you are providing. Keep up the great work. Ant & Kim (from Philly)
Visited this place only because of high Yelp rating, but what a big let down! One star for OK food. HORRENDOUS service - short haired waitress opposite of the stereotypically friendly Canadians, missed order and an order item, while unapologetic and talked back to customers about how the crepes are made in a separate area and thus why the order still did not come for our friend while we almost finished our food. She abandoned our table to another waitress, who apologized for her about some personal issues. If you couldn't be professional then you should stay home. TOURIST SCAM - it was obvious that we are tourists, who were extremely dissatisfied with the awful service that they'd acknowledged they had given us. Yet they had the audacity to give us the bill with an automatic 15% service charge tacked on after the terrible treatment we got, and refused to remove it. They should be ASHAMED for their behavior and stooping so low for a mere few bucks.
Little paris in niagara fall. That's how i felt. A must visit if u like the crepe. Red wine Rothschild is a surprise with a good price. Mussles ate great. And crepes are all good match with blue cheese and bacons. I will come back again definitely.
As I live nearby, I go there often. Fabulous Value! You get to go to a real Paris Bistro without getting on a plane!. The food is as it should be. The wine is well thought out for all tastes, and the staff attentive, with a French flair. A "do not  miss" if you are tripping in Niagara Falls, or live nearby
Super little place with excellent food and great ambiance. Service can be a little slow, but the food is worth the wait. It's located on Queen St, a few blocks from all the gaudy, touristy stuff, but it's worth seeking out.  If it had not been for Yelp, we'd have never stumbled across this place.
High quality crepes, it is a piece of Paris in Niagara Falls. My wife and I enjoyed the crepes and the capuccino. Excelent service, French style warm decoration, but the food is the best
If you are arriving at Niagara falls by VIA train or bus, there are limited options for dining.  We wandered a few blocks from the station looking for Paris Crepes Cafe which seems to be the place to get breakfast after arriving. There were two other couples from our train walking behind us, also on the search for crepes. The restaurant is very cute with a Parisian tourist vibe... there is a giant Eiffel tower protruding from the restaurant.   The space inside is very bright and vibrant.  It is a fun bistro that is also family friendly. Our server was super friendly and offered us beverages right away. There was a large selection of savoury and sweet crepes available ranging from $8 - $18. I was feeling like breakfast and I went for a savoury option, La Gourmande ($15). The crepe arrived and it was piping hot and smelled wonderful. It had egg, ham (I asked for ham instead of bacon), brie, tomato, and some salad. The best part is that it comes with maple syrup to pour all over the crepe! Maple and any pork item is a magical combination, eh! All the flavours of the crepe were wonderful, salty and sweet. The greens were lightly dressed with a mustard vinaigrette and refreshing. The crepe was a good portion! Overall, I liked my crepe but I thought the crepe was slightly over-brown. Also, it's a pricey crepe at $15. Aside, I'm glad that we were able to come here! It's a great place for a non-diner breakfast! :)
We rode the purple line into downtown to experience this little gem of a restaurant. The restaurant is larger inside than it looks from outside.  Although there was only two people running the place, the chef and one waitress, they did an outstanding job of making sure everyone was taken care of.  We ordered La Gourmande and a bowl of soup for the first course. The crepe was delicious and the maple syrup made it special.  For dessert, we split the Queen and the Martinique.  Both were outstanding.  Our five year old was loving all the dessert.  I took him up to watch the chef make the dessert crepes and he was excited to see how they were made.  It is definitely a place to visit away from the crowds and the waterfalls.
Food was just OK. Service was very poor - slow, inattentive, and mistakes made. How is it hygienic to have the server, who handles dirty dishes, money, etc as the same person who prepares crepes, without any hand washing facility nearby? BEWARE
Fabulous Crepes!  Beautiful Atmosphere, felt like we were in Paris!  Casual and kid friendly.  Great service and the food was delicious, even for my very picky 5 year old.  Duck confit was spot on.  Highly recommend leaving the tourist scene near the Falls and venturing 8 minutes down the road to this chic and trendy area!
Oh my - a little slice of heaven in the Niagara area!  This place is not in the immediate falls area - you need to drice about 10 min out..but def worth it!  It has a quaint French ambiance/décor and you feel right at ease here.  The food is pretty yummy!  Had the lamb shank, the Thalassa crepe, the R U Nuts crepe...delicious!  Nothing eas heavy or greasy..just tasty! The only minor issue that I had was that service was a bit slow - and it wasn't busy as I went Sunday afternoon, so not sure the reason why.  Other than that, will def be visiting again.
Phenomenal ! We ate here last night and I can not say enough about it ! Great atmosphere, great service, and the food was authentic !!!! I will make the 5 hour drive from Albany NY  to eat here again!
We came here for their desserts menu. Our waitress took us to our table quickly and she was very funny and kind. I love the layout of the restaurant, cute tables, and nice interior. The desserts were amazing! My boyfriend got the basic and I had the Niagara Falls. We will definitely visit again when we stop in Toronto.
Overall review (Bad, OK, Good): Food = Good; Service = Good; Ambience / Decor = Good Food: For starters we had the escargots and salda normande-both well balanced.  The escargot, which has potential to be salty was not at all.  For entrees, we had lamb shank and moules marinieres.  I generally do not like lamb shank but this one was good.  It was not gamey and fell off the bone.  The moules were good as well.  The only negative was the size of the mussels, they were a tad on the small side. Service: Attentive.  Dishes were quickly cleared when done.  Wine was filled when low. Ambience / Decor: Very cute.  The outside facade had an Eiffel Tower decor to match the Tower table indoor.  There were a handful of cute cafe-type tables with French accents.
Fantastique! Paris Crepes is a delightful little French Bistro in the very pretty Queen St area of Niagara. Whether you're looking for it or not, you can't miss it! It's a bright and has an Eiffel Tower out front! The inside décor shares a similar theme - lots of red, and lots of Eiffel Towers. Service is beyond friendly here. All the waitresses are knowledgeable, friendly, and very present. Food and drinks both came very quickly. The menu has a nice variety: many savoury and sweet crepes to choose from, as well as a non-crepe menu if you're looking to try something else. I had a hot chocolate that came with Chantilly cream, chocolate drizzle, and marshmallows. Cute presentation, decent hot chocolate. Onto the star of the show: the CREPES! We shared the following: Savoury - La Gourmande ($14) Crepe with: egg, bacon, brie, tomato, salad (served on one corner of the crepe with a French-like dressing), and maple syrup (served on the side.) Very good. I love brie and they weren't stingy with it (though I felt like there could have been a bit more egg!) It was cheesey-eggy-crepey-goodness. The crepe is a buckwheat crepe and probably one of the best buckwheat crepes I've had. I love the maple syrup adding a sweet element to this savoury dish. Sweet - Tutti Frutti ($9) - Strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, peach, chantilly and caramel. Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!! This was, by far, one of the best crepes I have ever had the delicious pleasure of consuming. The fruit was super duper fresh, and I was literally about to lick the caramel off the plate, it was that good. All elements that worked with the nice, large, cool dollop of Chantilly cream on top. Will DEFINITELY order this again in the future. All in all, a great spot to visit if you're in the area! Awesome food at a good price. I know I will be back!
Simply sublime. Do go. Soon and often. Apparently this street is up and coming so come help it out!
After boat cruise we decided to have lunch somewhere outside of hot touristic area. This small cafe was a fabulous choice. Everyone in our group of 4 enjoyed the meal: ratatouille, buckwheat crepes Le Gourmande or chicken pulle. Additionally we tried soup of the day. It was asparagus soup was blue cheese. Just simple baguette was delicious. The waiter was helpful and with touch of French humour. We just fall in love with this cute place. Additionally it is nicely decorated both inside and outside. Free parking behind the restaurant. My friend forgot her glasses and 5 mins later the car followed us and glasses were successfully returned. Could u imagine that someone will look for you around the city only because you forgot something? It is so rare that you can find the decent and reasonable priced place at touristic area, but it was a pleasant surprise. Loved it.
The crepes here are pretty good I split the duck crepes and bounty. The duck crepes was not that bad and pretty filling. I especially enjoyed the Bounty crepes, which was made with delicious Nutella. What I enjoyed about it is it was not a heavy desert as well. The server here was very attentive and friendly. I would recommend this place for lunch or brunch.
I had a delightful time at the Paris Crepes Cafe.  Was only so-so for the first hour, but as dusk came on and the duo musicians began to play and the lights dimmed... the atmosphere.. colors, depth of color, ambience, smells and sounds... and even a thin old man in a long black coat and a porkpie hat, moving his feet to the music as he waited at the crepe counter for something to take home, perhaps a dessert . . . it all came alive and might have been on a busy parisian street most any evening.   Because my camera could not come close to capturing the art of the scene, I didn't even take it out of my purse.  Just lamented knowing the memory would fade in time.  Even if I go there again, it well might not be the same.  The old man had eaten at a table, perhaps on his way out decided to take home a chocolate crepe.  Then the duet began to play. They did a rousing rendition of Can-Can, among many other strange and familiar pieces.  People did not applaud after a piece, but continued to their dining and quiet conversations.  Except for the Can-Can.  I started the applause, and absolutely everyone joined in.  For a brief second, I thought the diners would stand.  The woman (cellist) flushed with the enthusiasm.  The man (accordian) grinned with pleasure. I had roasted chicken breast in a tarragon sauce, greens, and homemade fries.  Lynette had lamb shank atop a crushed turnip sauce.  Ron had a ratatouille with melted goat cheese.  We enjoyed appetisers of baked brie with celery and apple slices, escargot.  We had aperitifs of Pernod (was a different brand but don't recall it), which lasted the meal as we added water to the small glasses.  Ron and Lynette also had each a glass of wine with their meal.  And for dessert, we all had some of a Pure Chocolate crepe. Once outside, we lingered by the window where, in warmer weather, folks might buy crepes from the sidewalk.  And as we looked back into whence we came, our server came to the creperie and motioned for us to watch.  She deftly, artistically, created two crepe desserts, with strawberries, ice cream, and whipped cream.  Then, to our applause, took a bow to us with a plate in each hand. Finis.
Very cute, fun, little place. We stopped by on a Sunday morning and it was very quiet. We were the first group came in and 2 more parties came in later. We picked a table outside and it was very cozy! Crepes are great too. Here's what we had: Sud Ouest (Duck confit, Onion jam, Swiss Cheese, Sunny side up egg) - I really enjoyed it! The onion jam was quite sweet but it balanced well with the savory duck. Suzette (Orange, lemon flambée with triple sec and brandy) - my hubby loved this, though I think it was a bit strong for me (I can't really take alcohol). The only complaint I have is that the portion was rather small because the crepes were very thin. Tasty but thin - won't really make you full. That said, I still love this place and will def recommend it!
While taking a vacation in Niagara Falls we wanted to find someplace local to the area for breakfast on our first full day there. I used Yelp to see what was good because like so many vacation spots, there are tourist traps everywhere that are overpriced and horrible. This place was truly a high spot on our trip. I will start off first with what we really enjoyed... The food was delicious! They have so many options and everything sounds like it would be really good. We both got the sweet style crepes and had absolutely no complaints. The coffee was also good. The cafe itself has French decor, very clean and the staff was friendly and polite. We also found parking easily and right across the street. The only areas I think were lacking was the slow service. They only had 1 server and 1 host/partial server. The place wasn't packed, but it wasn't dead either. We were seated quickly, but it took a good 15 minutes before we had someone greet us at the table. Overall, if you are in Niagara Falls you should GPS this place and have some crepes there. It is NOT a touristy spot and they have great food!
Love Paris Crepes Cafe!  The food is wonderful, the wine list is extensive and the owner Thierry is a great host!!  Can't wait to go back!!
A MUST-STOP if you're in Niagara Falls! Delicious, inexpensive crepes--huge portions, perfectly cooked, delicate flavors...just magnificent! My entree crepe had ham, egg, cheese, asparagus and bechamel, which blended beautifully, and for dessert my mom and I shared a simple butter and sugar crepe--mmmmm! Great coffee, too! We loved the ambience--open, authentic French cafe feel located in the charming Queen St. District (much nicer than the horrifying tourist district near the Falls)--and our server was lovely.
This is a great creperie in the slowly gentrifying Queen Street district of Niagara Falls. The restaurant is quite large and it tries very hard to look Parisian. In general, it works and the atmosphere is quite charming. The service is excellent and the owner seems to be French. I had the "Niagara Falls" crepes with berries, peaches, Nutella and vanilla ice cream. It was very good! I've had better crepes, but I would definitely recommend these. If you're a tourist in Niagara, it's worth your while to escape from the tourist strip and head up to Queen Street to support some local businesses. It's only a few minutes away.
It's always a rare opportunity I get to have crepes, and was thrilled when I found out there was a creperie on Queen St. It was exactly what I wanted for lunch! Hannibal Smith and I love it when a plan comes together. The slightly humid Friday afternoon set small beads of sweat under my eyes, and that made me decide against eating al fresco. The option is there for all who enjoy the sun, but the restaurant was quite charming inside. Antiquated bills for fine art performances are pasted (not framed, mind you) on the walls which gave it a more casual feeling when dining. The whole atmosphere is very enjoyable, and one does get the feeling of authenticity. Air conditioning would have been nice, but it doesn't feel like a part of the element. Does it? I simply had to have a crepe. Nothing else would do in establishment such as this. My mind turned toward the savory side, as I selected the rocamadour. I couldn't have been happier with my decision. The tangy goat cheese went perfectly with the sweetness of the honey and the walnut flavor. These are the times to savor: a victory on all fronts. For the price, it was worth the splurge. What good is money if you never use it, or enjoy what you get from it for that matter? This restaurant was definitely a great find in Niagara Falls.
Love the decor and ambiance. You can tell there in real attention to detail from table top to dishware amd menu selection to make the place feel authentic. I had a nutella banana crepe and french press coffee was good. Hubby had the beef bourgingon which was good, but we were both still hungry when we left. Reservations are highly recommended as its a small place amd they can staff accordingly. Bon appetit
Amazing selection and taste!
I loved the décor and the feel of the restaurant of the bistro. I liked the openness of the restaurant but the noise carries and it got loud,  (And it was not at a peak time that we went.)   I had the Niagara Falls sweet crepe and it was very tasty.  I never had buckwheat crepes, but it was filling.  The fruit was fresh too.  Another person in our group got the jam crepe, but it did not have a lot of jam inside, which was disappointing.  We asked for more and they did accomodate. Getting service was a little on the slow side, but the food came out relatively fast. I would go back for desert, but I was not crazy about the prices.
I was at Paris Crepe Cafe in mid-December and wanted to let everyone know that the place has re-opened. The food, the decor and the service are just as good as before. We love this place and it's always a highlight of any trip to Niagara Falls. In fact, it's an excuse to drive to Niagara Falls! We had the La Gringo Burger savory crepe and the Balzac sweet crepe. Both were to die for! The Balzac is simply incredible. Also, check out their marmalade and sauces, imported from France. I bought a jar of the Chestnut sauce. Delish!
Not sure why it is listed as closed, as I went to this restaurant November 17 and it is very much reopened! The decor is very rustic Paris feel with cute chairs and decorations. Very chic and romantic. The crepes are amazing and not like anything I've ever tasted: they are a hybrid between an omelette, crepe, and salad. The crepe I ordered was spectacular; it was blue cheese crumbled on a fresh salad on top of a square-shape crepe (inside with cheese and ham). I forgot the exact French name they gave it but the blue cheese definitely give the crepe more zing. Made fresh, and was absolutely delicious and healthy (all the crepes are made from buckwheat yay) - any dish that incorporates all 4 food groups at once is a dish worth eating. If you are a blue cheese fan, I'd definitely get this one! Reasonably priced as all the crepes were ~$8-15. French Onion Soup is ALSO a must. For $8.50 it was a bit on the pricier side but this place definitely does it right! The gooey cheese, soft bread, caramelized onions in a not-overwhelming-salty but full of herbs and a tinge of wine-infused broth is enough to make your tongue tingle. I always trust Yelp but I'm not sure how they verified it being closed but as a fellow Yelper I can definitely say it is back in business and hasn't lost the goods!
Love it love it love it!!!! Anyone who frequents the touristy section of niagara knows there are very few decent food options.  Too often you get sucked into the dreaded, overpriced and everything fried, Rainforest cafe! Hard rock or worse. This is THE place to eat, just a stones throw from lundys lane, in the queen street district. Filet with both the red wine and the garlic butter sauce was terrific. The beef bourginon was tender and melted in my mouth.  The French onion soup had a delicious, deep broth, unlike most versions that are watery and then hidden underneath a load of cheap cheese... This one is perfect. Crepes for dessert... You can t pick a loser here.  The Suzette was good and strong.  My daughter ordered the niagara which seems custom made for kids and my husband had the perfect lemon/citron.
This place is awesome. Authentic French! The menu was extensive (but not overwhelming), the ambiance was classy casual (awesome artwork on the walls, low lighting), and the food was really tasty. Our water was Parisian and encouraged my efforts to stumble through trying speak basic French to him. I went here because of the positive reviews on Yelp, and we were not disappointed. I'd definitely seek this place out if I went back to Niagara Falls.
Ordered Soupe à L'Oignon, Hawaienne crêpes, Tutti frutti crêpe, Niagara Falls crêpe, and Chocolat Viennois. We never went wrong with our order. Everything was delicious. Service is great, our server is very friendly and funny. Having a great time with my mom, Wan and tita Elvie!
Very good food. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful.  We had the duck and it was delicious. I would definitely go there again.
We thoroughly enjoyed our crepe dinner! The neighborhood seemed a little creepy at first, but we're happy we braved it--totally worth it. Recommended.
Excellent cafe for brunch.  The crepes were fantastic and they had a wide selection of sweet and savory crepes!  The beef bourguignon was tender and fragrant!  Cooked perfectly delicious.  My only mistake was sharing it with my kids, they practically devoured the entire dish!  Also the mussels in garlic and Pernod butter, out of sight good!  Must go!
The atmosphere was very romantic great for photos. The French coffee press was okay. The Vinneos coffee was interesting taste more like hot chocolate with marshmallow than coffee. The staff was very friendly. The food was unique. The duck with crispy skin was our favorite. The seafood soup was good. The beef was not as savory as we expected. The desert crepe (niagra fall crepe) was really good we ate every last bite.
I've never had crepes before but I really enjoyed this place! Great service with an authentic Paris atmosphere
Great place away from the touristy part of Niagara Falls. Crepes were amazing. Had one with chicken and one sweet crepe. Service was also excellent.
This place has was like taking a trip to a french bistro. The decor and ambiance is all France. The food was exceptionally good. I would definitely recommend it id you are looking for something different than the norm.
Great atmosphere and charm. The French onion soup was fantastic! The savory crepe was just okay. Service was excellent, though. Will absolutely be back on our next trip.
Nice little French style cafe. Clean and elegant decoration, restaurant itself screams for 'Paris'. There were only one waitress when I went for lunch, and only 3 tables were occupied. Service was slow and she forgot some of our order, we had to reorder some stuff again. Ended up having main course first and had appetizer in the end. Food were delicious though... Wish service will improve a bit.
A great local place just north of the main tourist (trap) area. Delicious crepes and great coffee. My wife said her crepe was better than the one she had at a Montmartre cafe in Paris! Our server was friendly and attentive. Will definitely come here again when in Niagara Falls.
Paris Crepes Cafe is the shining star downtown Niagara Falls & I am hoping that other prospective businesses will look to paris crepes cafe and take the plunge! First off, the staff is wonderful. They are friendly fun and thoughtful. Service is fantastic. Our waitress is basically a happy person with a sweetness about her. The food is so yummy. We started with the tomato basil soup. Delicious and flavorful...The curry mussels was perfect. The sauce was on the thicker side which made for a great dip for our baguettes. We finished off with the tutti frutti dessert crepes..crepe that is topped with a humongous heap of strawberries, blueberries, peaches and crowned with whipped cream and squirt of caramel. The food was tasty and delicious. YUM! Great place to sit outside on a nice day/evening!
Awesome
The food is delicious here, but the service is so slow. I love the variety of crepes and drinks that are offered. The Fruili goes very well with the Balzac. I was here at the end of January and I was given a discount for the wait. However, I do not feel that is the norm. There was a large group that was having a birthday party, so they monopolized most of the two servers' attention. Service is really the only thing that lacks at this place. It took about 20 minutes before we were greeted and another 10 before we ordered drinks. It then took 15 minutes to bring a glass of wine and a beer. We were not offered any refills, but I feel like if we had, it would have taken another long time to actually get them. I feel like this place is normally quiet, but the big group was LOUD! My boyfriend and I just stared at each other because we were unable to hear anything over the group. There was plenty of room, so it sucked that we were seated right behind this huge group. It's very beautiful inside and a great spot for a romantic dinner. I would come back, but make sure you have plenty of time! The food is worth the wait, I just wish I had been aware of how the wait was when I made the reservation on Open Table!
Love it felt, like Montreal good food at good price. I would say make a trip here if you enjoy crepes.
This was a great place to avoid the overpriced touristy fast food and stop for a nice sit down crepe in the cute french style atmosphere!
I made a reservation for the wrong date by accident, but when I showed up when I had intended, I was warmly welcomed and accommodated, It was a marvelous casual authentic French bistro.  After they get their liquor license they are going to expand the menu and offer Jazz.  Strongly recommend this for people who want a French atmosphere without going to Quebec or France.
This place has great reviews because it is the only place of its kind in a town with lots of crappy chains...thats it. I love crepes and was excited to try this place, but this was the WORST dining experience I have ever had unfortunatley. We waited 2 hours for an order of 2 crepes, and paid a bill of $60 for about 2 crepes and a drink. This is a holiday weekend the place was understaffed, we had one waitress who could not handle the four tables of people in the restaraunt. She came about 20 minutes after we were seated, and then it took her 15 minutes to get our order, as she kept running away as we were placing the order saying "I will be right back" and then running back a few minutes later...I asked her what she recommended between 2 crepes and she said "You decide I will be right back" seriously...I was like NO we have been waiting now 45 minutes for this girl to take our freaking order. The menu sucked, the savory crepes for some reason you couldnt make any substitutions, we ordered one and didn't want chicken which the waitress said was fine, then right before our crepe came out she came by and said "Oh by the way you cant take the chicken out" by then we had been sitting for nearly 2 hours and I didn't want to change the order...it was the most disgusting crepe and just dish in general because I find eating chicken with eggs disgusting and our crepe had eggs, goat cheese, and chicken. Obviously thats not what we wanted, so I said NO chicken, they brought a crepe with chicken it was nasty and now they deserve a 1 star review. The worst of the chicken was at one point I was chewing either bone or fat or muscle, I dont know it was so disgusting like a rubbery texture, after that I could NOT stomache any more RAW chicken. I dont understand if these crepes are made to order why couldnt they just not put chicken...I suspect they are pre-made or frozen who knows...the crepe was a soggy mess...oh and she charged me an extra $3 for the goat cheese that we had asked as a substitute for the chicken that was forced on us. The sweet crepes either had fruit or some other filling, nothing sounded complete like I wanted a spreading and fruit but there was no combination for that...finally I was able to get her to add some peaches to the one we ordered...they were canned peaches nothing special but I got charged $3 for a few slices of canned peaches on a soggy crepe. The place was hot, humid, there were flies all over, outside seating was VERY limited (3 tables that had some shade) and were under the direct heat of the sun (no umbrellas). I have had better crepes made by cute Asian places that serve bubble tea in Queens, NY...that should be an insult because those are just regular... We walked 40 minutes from our hotel because I love to try local things BUT this was the biggest tourist trap of all, DO NOT waster your time or money.
This place was so good!  Me and my girlfriend loved it.  We went for lunch on Friday 10/19 and were very happy with it.  The Crepes were incredible.  We each got something similar with cheese, tomatoes, and ham inside the crepe (mine had bacon instead) and it was covered in a fresh salad with some really good dressing.  It was sooooo good.  Tons of gooey cheese inside I didn't want to stop eating.  Perfectly cooked crepe.  Had Cappucino, expresso, and a dessert crepe after lunch.  The crepe was filled with Nutella and covered in expresso icecream, whipped cream, and chopped up almonds.  Amaaaazzzinggg. The service was good and we didn't have to wait long for our food.  The atmosphere was cool too, very authentic Paris inside, it felt like you weren't in Niagara Falls.  We'd definitely go here again and recommend it to anyone who likes a good crepe.
On a visit from Michigan, we were doubly lucky... 1st to have read some good Yelp reviews while looking for dessert 2nd for discovering the place has JUST reopened :) Great crepes too! For anyone who previously liked the place, they are back and ready for action.
Have no idea why some links say it is closed. It is very much open!!! Had awesome creeps for dinner. Great for a light dinner or to satisfy your sweet tooth. Great service and reasonable prices.
