Surrounded by lots of chains and other overpriced touristy spots, we were happy to have found Taki Restaurant (thanks to the first reviewer). Being on vacation as we were, we got around to eating lunch at about 3pm. In the off-season on a Monday, we weren't sure the place would be open. But happily, though we had the place to ourselves, they were indeed. We were seated in one of the little enclosed rooms in a cozy booth. Even though it was a half-hour or so past the listed time, they let us order off the lunch menu. The food was awesome, and again, vacation as an excuse, we sampled quite a bit of it. The sushi, sashmi, gyoza and tempura were all delicious. Not super cheap, but reasonable given the environs and the quality of the food. The warm sake was pretty cheap (and yummy) too.
Look, if the fish isn't fresh, you're wasting your time. This is the best place we've found near the falls, particularly for the price.
My wife and I are on vacation from California. Tonight we decided to go for Japanese food, testing the waters, sort to speak, on the authenticity of sushi at Niagara Falls. Yelp was not much help in that matter. We guessed that it's not that popular in the area just yet. There were only four restaurants listed under "Japanese" that had any review at all. Taki was the one we chose because of its proximity to Fallsview. We have to say that Taki had a nice atmosphere, though it was almost empty when we arrived. There were only Japanese-speaking customers, so we knew that it was authentic. We placed our order, consisted of Nabeyaki Udon, Dynamite Roll, and a Crab Tempura Roll, then waited patiently for the food. The first thing we have to say is that the portions are a bit small than what we're used to in the Bay Area. That said, the Nabeyaki hit the spot with it being cold outside. The rolls were good and inexpensive (on winter special pricing). We had to order a Chicken Karaage appetizer to fill up though, and that was good as well. Overall, it was a good experience. The restaurant had more customers at the end of meal. The waitresses were friendly, and served us prompty. Although we must say that we'll need to try other Japanese places to get a better comparison, we should be back if we're on vacation here again.
Avoid this place unless you want your car towed!  We ate lunch at the restaurant today and parked in the spots labeled for Taki Sushi customers. Even though we were customers of the Taki restaurant upstairs, the store below had our car towed. Look at the photos I've posted on tripadvisor. We paid our bill at 3pm, and the tow company was called at 3:16pm. Nowhere is it posted that once you paid the bill you must run down to the parking lot and vacate your spot. Heaven forbid you want to finish your drinks at the table or use the restroom for a couple minutes. Imagine our horror when we go to the parking lot and our car is GONE! We thought it might even have been stolen.  I understand if someone leaves their car overnight, but 16 minutes from bill to tow !!!!!!! That's ridiculous and completely unacceptable. And unfortunately the restaurant did not respond appropriately. They didn't even apologize or try and find out from the store owner downstairs why they had towed our car (btw, when we went downstairs to talk to the store owner directly, they said it was because a big tour bus group was coming and they needed to bring a bus in. You can't tow cars parked in spots designated for customers just because a 'big bus' is coming in.) The least the manager could have done was apologized and refunded our money for the meal (almost $100). Between the meal, taxi to the impound, and tow fees, our visit to Taki cost us over $400 !!!!!! AVOID AT ALL COSTS if you don't want the horrific feeling of walking into the parking lot and seeing an empty space where your car used to be. Not worth it with so many other restaurants to choose from in Niagara Falls.
LOVED this place! My favorite restaurant during my trip to Niagara Falls and Toronto! All the other places we ate were the cheesy, touristy, expensive, "view" restaurants. Taki didn't have the view and instead, was at the end of the strip with all the tourist stores and attractions. But once you were inside and had food, I really didn't care that there was a giant waterfall outside somewhere. First was the beef tataki. Perfect seasoning, ingredients, and sauce. The combo with the beef had great flavor and was delicious. Salmon tataki was good. I prefer the beef tataki though. Then came the Ankimo. Again, great flavor, texture, chilled perfectly, and just had a delicious, fresh, rich taste. After that came the Agedashi Tofu. This dish was also good. Perfect amount of sauce at the bottom, leaving a fresh, lightly crispy top half. Next was the Karage. More of a thick batter than I'm used to, but was delicious. Batter had great flavor, crispy outside, juicy, tender chicken inside. Last was a 10 piece sashimi dish. Fresh sashimi, not much else to say about that. Decor was nice and our server was incredibly friendly and hospitable which just brought the great dinner to another level. Again, after all that, I forgot there was a big waterfall outside. :)
A nice change from the regular fare in Niagara Falls.  Reasonably priced, and fairly good quality. I had sashimi, ohitashi, and sunomono salad.  All the food was fresh, and served the way it is supposed to be (i.e. ohitashi had lots of bonito flakes, which I often find to be missing at other Japanese restaurants [usually in Toronto]). My husband had salmon teriyaki, and said that it was delicious, the salmon was served on a hot plate, and the teriyaki sauce came on the side, which allows you to figure out how much of it you want on your food.  Unfortunately, the wait for it was quite long, in a fairly empty restaurant on a Thursday night. My children had miso soup, tempura and udon noodles in soup.  They seemed to enjoy their meal, but again, the wait was very long.  I think this was unacceptable, as my food came so early, that by the time everyone else's food arrived I was finished with dinner. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place, it's a bit out of the way, but is definitely worth it.  The menu is fairly close to authentic (as far as North American Japanese restaurants go), and the food was fresh and delicious. Just be prepared to wait for food for longer than what is customary  in North America.
Great service. (at least on a slow night) Touristy Japanese-restaurant decor, but at least it was tasteful. Cheap enough-- sushi boat for 4 people was very, very affordable. Too bad the sushi sucked. It's so affordable because you're getting downright awful sushi. Now it's not the worst I've had, but it's decidedly low-end restuarant quality sushi with rice that only vaguely resembles proper sushi rice. The fish might have had taste at some point, but I couldn't tell. Just remember you're in an area that's largely a tourist trap, don't expect good food, and realize that it's pretty cheap, and you'll see that 2 stars is more than reasonable.
Very mediocre and they sat us at a table really far in the corner all covered up and had to inch out of the seating area just to try to catch the waitress' attention. We walked in for lunch and the restaurant was practically empty and we were the only ones there.  Service was very slow for not being busy.  Food was okay...nothing out of the ordinary...
While conveniently located on Victoria Ave, just 5 minutes north of Clifton Hill, this place should really be renamed 'Tacky Restaurant'.  The restaurant is located on the second-level of a stand-alone building and the dark, chic-looking interior makes you think that your food should be a big deal. Fortunately, for a family of foodies, we cannot be duped by decor alone. Add to the fact that one of us had lived is fluent in Japanese and lived in Japan for about 4 years and the bar we set is pretty high. The food was passable at best. Yakisobi was heavily doused with pepper, the tempura on the soba came completely soaked, the miso soup was overly salty and the sweet potato - incorrectly labeled as 'yam' - in the maki was undercooked. If a simple bento box cost $8, I wouldn't complain too much about the quality. However, this is mediocre food that is ridiculously overpriced. Not worth visiting again.
This place was such a pleasant surprise. We thought we were going to have to eat at an overpriced chain place while in Niagara, but this gem of a find was worth braving the cold December weather after a day at the falls. The appetizer menu is extensive and well priced. The tempura asparagus  and gyoza were great. If you are looking for a good meal and don't want to fall into a tourist trap come to this restaurant.
We came here at around 830pm on a monday night and it was deserted. We asked our server and she said we just missed the crowd. So that's your hint as to what time to visit :) parking at the compound was free so double yay to that. We keyed in the address into our GPS but it directed us to the casino instead. If you encounter the same issue, just continue driving straight down a minute or two and you should see it on your right. We ordered the crispy salmon roll, the avocado and shrimp roll, the California roll and the beef teriyaki roll and we topped it off with a black sesame ice cream which is a MUST try!!!! It's not on the menu so ask for it. I dont typically have black sesame bec i've tried a few and the taste always disappoints. But this one is good! The black sesame taste is rich and abundant and creamy too. We're asians so an advice is order 3 rolls for 2 persons. The 4 we ordered was too filling! We had to stuff that last few down our throats. My husband has a very keen sense of taste and he said the avocado used was very fresh. Oh, if you order a California, don't order the avocado and shrimp bec they're pretty much the same. The beef teriyaki was very tasty and well cooked. Loved that too. I wanted to get the nabeyaki too but was too stuffed! Good place for dinner! Ambience great too esp since we were pretty much the only couple there throughout our meal!
My husband and I ate at Taki while in Niagara Falls and were extremely happy. This was the best meal we had on the trip by far. I found the restaurant on yelp and was not disappointed. From the outside it seemed a bit questionable because it looks nothing like the other restaurants in the area (lights, signs, bright, loud colors) but I think it was perfect. It was just off the main drag so a reasonable walk from our hotel. We had sushi and loved every roll we had. They were very fresh, well made and delicious.  Prices were reasonable for a Japanese restaurant.   If we return to Niagara we will be sure to come again.
The sushi is really good here.  I ordered the orange dragon roll.  It was like a shrimp tempura roll with salmon sushimi on the outer layer.  It was amazingly good.  They have a special order menu till March and I recommend order one or two those to try.  We got the salmon and tataki.  They were seared with a lemon zesty taste.  I never had anything like it before.  The decor is modern, trendy, and spacious.  Nice place for a romantic date, too.
korean sushi. Galbi Sushi is wonderful here. I am a fan. If I am ever in town again I would definitely come here. It is worth a try. They have something that I never tried before and that is their Galbi sushi.
Very good sushi that I would recommended!!!!  must try.
Super place...
Had a great dinner with my husband here.  We made a reservation.  If ended up not being busy, but we had a nice private area that seems was for reservations, so I recommend it even if it's a weekday.  Our waitress was great and knowledgeable.  I'm a vegetarian and was thrilled they had the vegetarian options marked.  A lot of sushi places back home don't really get the whole vegetarian thing.  We both enjoyed out meals.  I had a cucumber and avocado roll and a yam roll and they were both awesome.  The fried tofu appetizer was decent, but probably unnecessary.  I wish I had saved more room for the rolls!
We tried this place based on the good yelp reviews. The sushi was absolutely fantastic and our server was great. It was a much needed change from the touristy, over-priced spots near the falls. It was definitely worth it!
After finding out the restaurant closes at 9:30 pm (like most of the restaurants in the area --which still shocks me. why so early??), we arrived at 9:15p and the waitress was extremely gracious.  There's parking in the back (or was it the side) of the place and we were seated at a nice both which had a sheer curtain separating it from the other booths (nice touch).  We ordered the Teriyaki dinner special 2 for $49.99.  We had no clue that we would receive SO much food. The Miso Soup was delicious along with the small salad (we thought it was soup OR salad, but "no", you got both.  Then there's the Tempura which was assorted shrimp and vegetables, Salmon & Chicken (could have had a choice of beef if we wanted). They also give you two small pieces of fried fish (which we were not expecting---maybe they threw it in b/c they needed to get rid of it at the end of the night??? who knows? It was delicious), Sushi was California roll as well as Spicy Roll.  It also included desert (ice cream -regular or fried or their delicious pastry).  I thought I was in heaven. The place is easy to miss, and indeed we did pass it as we were driving along Victoria Boulevard.  The restaurant is up a flight of stairs, but I did see an elevator for those who need accessibility.   The waitress was SO kind and let us try the black sesame ice cream which EVERYONE was raving about on yelp. Well, we didn't like it so we ordered Mango and Vanilla.  (Thank God, she let us try it, before ordering.)  They had to reconcile their cash register b/c remember we got their 15 min before closing.  After paying, they told us to take our time (I am a terribly slow eater).  I didn't want to take advantage, but the food was SO good and I wanted to savor it. The waitress and the manager kept assuring us to take our time that they weren't going anywhere soon.  Indeed as we savored our food, they busied themselves with other tasks and when we left, they had the biggest smiles and said, come back again anytime.  OKAY!!!  :-))
Overall average experience...food was okay, nothing to note. Good ginger dressing, so-so miso soup, greasy tempura,, decent sushi. Service was weak. Slow and inattentive. Menu was covered in something sticky. Fairly priced.
The atmosphere, super awesome. The staff, also awesome. The sushi, was pretty damn good but..... That black sesame seed ice cream I've seen other reviewers talk about... Yes. Do that. It's probably going to be very divisive in terms of peoples' tastes but try it. The only thing I would say is the spicy tuna/salmon rolls aren't actually that spicey or tasty spicey.. They're more like normal and maybe a bit crunchy. The quality of the fish was superb.
I've been to Niagara falls many times and was always wondering how this place is like. I visited the falls slightly after July 4th weekend with family and decided to try the place out. I had a 1year old daughter and my friends caught up with me with his family and kids. I gotta say, I became a fan! The food was not bad at all. The staffs were nice and the facility was very clean. Kids had a spacious space to play and run around. At one point, the waitress or the cook forgot to place an order for my entree but since they were really generous with the kids running around, I didn't mind. Next time around, I will definetely go back!
cute restaurant. really nice don and the Creme brûlée is pretty cute with the green tea flavor. decent price for sushi restaurant. uses proper Japanese rice
We came to this Japanese Restaurant before and remember how good this restaurant was.  So, we try here today for lunch and it still very good.  Very good service and fresh seafood.  I'm a Japanese and I go back every year to my country to visit so I usually don't expect good Japanese Restaurant other than my own country, but here is really good and price is very reasonable.  I recommend this restaurant if you want to taste really delicious Japanese food :)  Try it, you will like it.
Upscale Japanese decor. Menu was extensive.  We had the chicken kaarage appetizer, Yaki Udon and Chicken Teriyaki Udon. Price was reasonable. You just gotta know how to order. Lot's of sashimi and sushi on the menu. Wait staff was very attentive for us in the private booth.
Suishi after viewing Niagara Falls! Wash it down with a Sapporo beer. "Damn Nature your dangerous". I tried all the typical variety and was perfectly happy. It was not Chicago Suishi, but I do not mean that in a prude way! Thumbs up.
The best sushi i have had in the Niagara peninsula.  You can see the quality before you taste it.  Fast friendly service.  Priced accordingly.  They even had Uni.  So yummy!
This place might be my favorite Japanese place yet... No, I take that back, Bay Area has some great Japanese restaurants... But this place creates some stiff competition! The beef tataki was melt in your mouth good, the perfect amount of vinegar to the rich beef flavor paired with onions and scallions (I normally HATE onions but even they were so good!)I liked the salad too. The tea was incredibly fragrant and we got our own little booth away from families. It was a great way to start off our vacation and my birthday! The chicken karage was incredibly juicy and tender, it came out piping hot (I burned my mouth on it but it was so good!) My mom makes the BEST karage but this had a different flavor than hers, less sweet and a bit more simple and savory, delicious! My only con was totally my fault, I hate a peice of sashimi that I'd never had before and realized why I shy away from certain seafood. I think it was squid but it had the weirdest milky, sweet flavor that I never expected. Haha, quite the experience, you should have seen my face when I ate it. My favorite part had to be hearing all the Japanese speakers around me, being trapped in Dallas and having moved from diverse San Jose, I get super homesick and feel pretty isolated from my Japanese side so it was nice to know I wasn't losing my Japanese :-) We will definitely be returning!
OMG this place is AMAZING!!! we came here and felt a little unsure about going in because there was no one in the parking lot! Don't let that stop you!!! We had our personal chef who served us hand and foot! The food was so fresh it was as tho the fish was just fished out of the sea and put on a plate! The draft Sapporo cold in chilled glasses topped it all of like a cherry on a sundae! This truly a Japanese restaurant with a Japanese chef! The ambiance is lovely and welcoming! Bathrooms are  very clean!!! Just thought I pat attention to detail! Please try this restaurant!!!
Great environment, great service, great sushi! And free wifi. I'm a happy girl.
This place was really, really great. The rolls were super fresh and delicious (totally recommend the shrimp tempura roll and adding avocado, and the pumpkin tempura roll) and their tempura tasted so good for some reason? We came back twice because it was a pretty magical experience. Having lived in LA, NYC, and Portland--I will still say that this is some of the best sushi I've ever had. The service was super good too.
The katsu don was good. The pork was a bit on the dry side but I would definitely eat it again. The meal came with miso soup and a salad. I enjoyed the salad and it had an unexpected and unique dressing on it. We also ordered the spicy scallop rolls which were excellent, and the tempura pumpkin rolls which were good, but not as pumpkiny as I would have hoped. We had to try the black sesame ice cream which was an interesting flavor and actually quite good.
Great specials and friendly staff the fish here is great. Worth a visit for sure
Good, moderately priced sushi. Service was ok (felt like she forgot about us). Place was a little shady looking on the outside, but inside was clean, and simple. I would definitely go here again.
Thank to yelp, we enjoyed a nice dinner here away from the herds of tourists. Everything we ordered was good. 1.  Yakitori - moist and tender with good flavor 2.  Chicken Karaage - nicely fried 3.  Ankimo 4.  Sunomono 5.  Green Dragon Roll 6.  Misoyaki black cod 7.  Sea Urchin Sushi 8.  Spanish Mackerel Sushi 9.  Miso soup - "it was tasty" according to my nine-year-old son 10.  Seaweed salad - lovely presentation 11.  Red bean ice cream - "it has a unique flavor" per my son I was also pleased to find they did not charge for the green tea, which was the kind with toasted brown rice. They also have Sapporo on draft, and our cold sake was very nice.
Great sushi & reasonable prices! Seaweed  salad is amazing!
Very surprised by what we had. Freshly cooked and the deserts were homemade too!  Good service.  Definitely a relief from this tourist trap town...
The food was awesome!My son spilled tea all over the chair and they where really nice about it.I think compared to other places their prices where very good too!Very kid friendly,there is a real changing table in the bathroom,not one of those plastic ones you find in all the restaurants,and they actually have plastic dishware for kids,which is unusual and was very appreciated!I never had japanese food so good before!
Ordered hot pot noodle and cool noodle. It was so so.
Honestly, the reviewer below was duped if they told him he just missed the crowd at 8:30 on a monday.  We showed up at 7pm on a monday and still empty.  That should have been our first clue.  The sushi was mediocre at best.  The rice slightly hard and the fish was not flavorful.  The udon noodles were good (only thing decent).  My daughter ordered the kids chicken teriyaki and they neglected to tell us it was heavily breaded and deep fried vs the healthy grilled version they give to the adults.  It showed up soggy and a little chewy, so my daughter didn't eat it.  When the waitress came by and asked how our meal was, I told her the issue. She asked me what I wanted to do about it (blank stare).  I suggested they remove it from the bill.  The Cook came out and began to argue with us.  He was asking us if it was the taste or if the chicken was no good.  WHAT??  Why does that matter.  No part of it was good.  He said he was going to go taste it and if the chicken was good (I guess meaning would not cause Salmonella), he would have to charge us.  WHAT (again?).  I could not believe it.  He must need every penny he made from the 4 customers that came in that night.  With ALL the choices you have near Niagra Falls, do not pick this one.  I would have been better off going to KFC and getting a decent piece of fried chicken (if that is what I wanted).
The restaurant is a little removed from the main attractions of Clifton Hill, but that's a blessing in that you're not surrounded by the tackiness that permeates the area.  When we went up we were a little concerned by the lack of people in the restaurant but then we saw a couple other tables, so we were relieved we were not the only ones.  The lunch specials were very reasonably priced, such as my mom's grilled fish bento and my brother's beef teriyaki.  I went with the Niagara lunch, so more expensive, but still reasonable.  The soup and salad arrived promptly and we were impressed by the salad dressing which wasn't the typical Asian salad dressing.  I think it had hints of ginger and sesame in it, so it was quite tasty.  My mom's grilled salmon lunch came with an agedashi tofu which was a welcome surprise.  My brother also liked his beef teriyaki although it was more of a stir-fry than the beef teriyaki we typically see in Japanese restaurants.  The sashimi in my Niagara lunch was very fresh and I even got a hotate!  It also came with two spicy tuna rolls, some tempura, and some wakame.  Very enjoyable, and I'd come back if I am ever in the area again!
Exquisite in every way.  Absolutely elegant and classy decor, excellent service, and delicious food.  I highly, highly recommend it. An added note: if you're used to and enjoy having a green tea "frappaccino", this place's green tea smoothie is their equivalent. I had a spider roll and philladelphia roll, my wife had a tempura lunch, and we both had miso soup, as well as some green tea ice cream for desert.
First time coming here as we're from Texas and the experience was great! Our waitress was really nice and friendly, the ambiance was good, and the food and drinks were awesome! We got the agadeshi tofu as our appetizer and loved it.  For my drink I got the Sakura and my meal the Tempura Udon. Thumbs up! Definitely recommend this place.
A great Japanese restaurant in the unusual tourist city that is Niagara Falls. Came here for the second time since last visited 8 years ago. Now under new management, Japanese Chef and owner operated with a mostly Japanese staff. Highlights:   1. The service - Friendly and attentive   2. The seafood salad with mixed lettuce with assorted seaweed and raw fish with excellent dressing - better then some of the best sushi restaurants in Toronto. 3. Fried Oysters - big and fresh.   4. The Nigiri Sushi - wide variety of fish with great rice. 5. The menu with a tapas style daily special with small plates for sampling. The low point was the washroom both men's and women's washrooms needed a lot of attention.
This place is the best place to eat in Niagara falls. Food is fresh, service impeccable, ambiance cherry and warm.very welcoming.
This place was a little disappointing considering the good reviews they've gotten. We tried the spider roll and crab tempura and they were good, but nothing to write home about. The decor was nice as were the privacy shields between the tables. The waitress took our order, it was brought out then we didn't see her again until it was time for the check. The lack of attention didn't help my thoughts on the place. I definitely expected much more for $70 for a few rolls.
My wife said it's some of the best sushi she's ever had, and she's had a lot of sushi! The black sesame ice cream is so good we immediately searched online to see where else we could get some!
(08/08/2014) Lunch & sushi roll prices were very reasonable! * Food: 4.5 / 5 - we ordered the mackerel with fried tofu, spicy salmon roll, yam roll; delicious & authentic with attention to details. * Ambiance: Beautiful with cozy, secluded dining sections * Service: 4 / 5
Ambiance: don't judge this restaurant by it's exterior.  the restaurant is clean, simple, casual dining Service: waitress, who dines there frequently, gave us a heads up of her favorites and was very honest about entrees not to order. food came as readily available. Must tries: happy hour special: agedashi tofu, green tea latte; fresh uni! and sashimi
Great food, great service. A real find in the Niagara area. From the outside, it looks a bit iffy but once you're in the restaurant proper it's like a different world with nice decor. The gyoza, chicken karage, and croquette appetizers were all yummy. The tofu steak dinner was surprisingly much, much better than it sounds on paper (warning: not vegetarian) and I'd order it again. My wife had enjoyed the sushi. Black sesame ice cream capped it all of nicely. Highly recommended!
Fresh sushi, especially nigiri and nice services. I probably come back if I visit to Niagara Falls again. As you know, it's hard to find a sushi bar or japanese restaurant who is managed by japanese. But, I found it today! I went to several bad restaurants and saw many chains in Niagara Falls so this one is one of the treasures in Niagara Falls.
I drove in circles trying to figure out where the hell people park in this area--EVERYTHING was paid parking. I guess that makes sense for a touristy area, but I can't stand paying for parking. Luckily, on my second go around, I noticed a special lot for Taki customers--score! I have been craving sushi and decided to get some while out here in Canada. At 3pm, I'm the only one here. I look through the sushi menu, and there are like 5 variations on 6 different rolls. Not much variety. Since I don't see the type of roll I want, I order the California roll. Those are usually pretty safe an easy. Almost the entire thing is avocado. Seriously? How expensive is imitation crabmeat? Get it together, Taki. My water glass is empty, the server has been by twice and hasn't even offered to fill it. Argh. Not thrilled with this experience. Won't be back. Not sure how this place is rated so high. Have people ever eaten sushi before? One star for free WIFI.
Fresh sushi and sashimi. I recommend the salmon, tuba and yellow tail. Wow, you have I go when you come to Niagara Falls. You can taste the natural fresh buttery taste. So delectable and Great. Their miso soup and salad are to die for. I recommend the love boat. Anyway , this is a must for sushi lovers. SOO GOOD!
Excellent Sashimi Fish selection and taste. Would go again. Free parking on the side of the building.
Wonderful Japanese food, much more than just sushi. Don't be put off by the exterior, inside is a beautiful traditional restaurant. The hiyayakko was perfect, the zaru soba just right on a hot day.
Great place.  One of the best value restaurants around here.  Enjoyed the hamburger steak and sashimi Don. Be advised the parking lot has only 4 spots. Or 5. I forget.
As everyone else mentions: it's a great escape from the tourist trap. We had agedashi tofu (a little more moist than we're used to a they sere it in sauce), sashimi appetizer, seafood teriyaki, and beef udon. It's a cute Japanese restaurant with fresh enough food - a welcomed respite from the heavy, processed food available elsewhere.
The exterior looks pretty run down, almost ominous, but it's actually a pretty nice restaurant. Though it's pricey, the food is good and authentic Japanese. I had meatloaf steak I think. It was pretty good. The salad dressing was phenomenal. It was some ginger concoction. The person I was with enjoyed the restaurant tremendously. He's a huge fan of Japanese food so it was right up his alley. They served his meal in some fancy wooden Japanese box (that customers cannot keep). He really got a kick out of that. The only unpleasant thing that happened to me was they refused to let me order a kid's meal for myself. I thought that was strange and very disappointing. Most restaurants let adults order a kid's meal. It was the only meal option that had a little bit of everything I wanted. The waitresses were friendly. One waitress was very attentive. We returned a few days later and had a different waitress. She wasn't as quick or attentive as the first waitress, but she didn't totally neglect us. I don't know about the parking situation since the restaurant was right across the street from my hotel, but they do have free WiFi if that makes a difference.
This review is for lunch, which in my opinion is a great time to go to catch a lunch special! It's a few blocks away from the main Clifton Hill area which is actually nice. Decor is what you'd expect of a Japanese restaurant, and it's spacious inside. My grilled mackerel was fantastic. It also came with miso soup, salad (which had actual GREENS included instead of just iceberg, props!), a sizeable side of agedashi tofu (4 pieces), and some pickled bean sprouts and a small scoop of potato salad. Great value for $10. Hubby got the special of the day which was varied tempura with a special sauce over rice. Their tempura batter is nice and light, sauce was good. I preferred my combo over this though. Overall a solid choice, especially for the Niagara Falls area.
Unfortunately for the owners this place looks sketchy from outside when its dark b/c of the location and the building. But once you go upstairs its a very nice japanese restaurant. Price is reasonable and food is good.
Atmosphere- Very understated, simple, yet hip. This restaurant definitely reminded me of typical Japanese restaurants in Japan (minus the soft American pop music in the background.) Food- Mediocre. Wouldn't eat there again. We had a table of 6 people, and we all thought our orders were meh at best. Tonkatsu- Probably the best dish amongst the 6 entrees we ordered, but definitely not great. Power Beef- Beef was not tender, not flavored well. Good veggies. Oroshi Steak- Beef wasn't tender (again), and it tasted bland. Good veggies. Chicken Karaage- Just ok. Chicken was tender, but flavor wasn't there. Gyudon- The worst gyudon I've ever tasted. Katsudon- Again, just mediocre at best. Kind of bland. Sushi- NOT GOOD. Don't get it. Not worth it. Would not come back here.
Ate here for dinner with a coworker on 7/10/13.  Parking lot right next to the restaurant, which is helpful, but cheaper parking is available with a short walk.  Restaurant was clean and spacious; restroom was very clean as well. To skip to the dessert, the BLACK SESAME ICE CREAM is just amazingly good.  Seriously, get it, you won't be disappointed.  Coworker got the green tea ice cream, it was good, but not as good as the sesame. Miso soup was very good, maybe the best I've had outside of Japan.  Shared the tempura appetizer, the shrimp and veggies were both tasty.  Sapporo draft was also good, but the beer was very expensive in my opinion. Biggest letdown were the main dishes.  Yaki Udon did not have great flavor, a stunningly average noodle dish, I felt it lacking in both pork and vegetables, and sauce had little flavor.  Coworker got the sushi dinner, which he said was disappointing. Overall 3 stars because of lackluster main dishes and expensive beer.  Great black sesame ice cream and miso soup.
The food at Taki was quite good -- miso soup, gyoza, agedashi tofu, tempura, sushi. The "tapas" specials allowed us to sample several dishes in smaller quantity at a lower price. This is a great idea since, when I go to a good Japanese restaurant, I always have a difficult time deciding what to eat. The Japanese ambiance is good and the clientele was primarily Japanese the evening we went. From the outside the building almost looks abandoned since the downstairs Japanese restaurant is closed. For customers there is free parking on the near side and behind the building. Just check with the staff to make sure you're in the right spot. The prices are not inexpensive but few decent Japanese restaurants are.
We tried this spot in Niagara Falls mostly because the Yelp reviews listed it as suitable and we didn't want chain/fast food.  It was pouring rain on this day, so Niagara wasn't as busy as it could have been and this restaurant was pretty quiet as well.  Once you find it upstairs in the random building (be careful, you could miss it!) you'll notice it is a pretty large place with clean and simple décor. Service was very friendly and nothing took really long to get to us, which is good since it was pretty quiet.  We tried a number of different rolls (eel and avocado, crispy roll, spicy tuna, etc), which were all delicious and tasted pretty standard.  Even though nothing really stood out as phenomenal, I'd still say this is a good stop if you are craving sushi and not some crazy themed chain restaurant.  You can probably even hide from most of the tourists here as well!
While in college, I met a Canadian girl who was really into Japan and Japanese culture. She told me about how she was a waitress in a Japanese restaurant in Niagara Falls. It's not too common to see a Caucasian girl working in a J-resto so I thought I would check it out! During the summer break, the family and I found ourselves in Niagara Falls. It was approaching lunch hour so we decided to find a good place to eat. At this instant, I remembered the girl from college and told my parents about the J-resto in town. We decided to check it out. This was five years ago and we still come here whenever we're nearby. The food is authentic (their claim to fame) and I find it to be delicious. Tomo, the manager..amongst other things including sushi chef, is very friendly and welcoming. Pricing is reasonable and there is a variety of items to choose from on the menu. You can't go wrong with any of the dishes. For dessert, I recommend the black sesame ice cream!
Whoa! What a gem to find in Niagara Falls! This place needs to advertise more. You can find this restaurant off the main street near the indoor waterpark and casino. Don't let the outside fool you, it looks pretty ghetto on the outside, but the inside is something else. The owners are actually Japanese and the food they serve is how Japanese food should taste like. We got teriyaki, noodles, sushi, and this green tea cake for dessert.....as good as it gets.
This place could have earned a higher rating because the food was pretty good, but the service was super slow and the menu was filthy. The ginger dressing on the side salad was as good as anywhere. The dragon roll was super fresh and I really enjoyed the tofu appetizer.  I wouldn't order the miso again, lacked flavor.
As we walked over from our hotel we were afraid it was the awful Asian restaurant we ate at the last time we were here.... We could see THAT place looming ahead of us, but thankfully the road veered left and the address told us to go that way. The entry doors and stairway and hall had numerous signs saying "bathrooms for customers only" and I started to wonder what this second floor restaurant would reveal if they had to put that many signs up.  The signs were ironic because the restrooms were actually before you entered the main part of the restaurant, so you actually could go take a quick pee and leave without anyone seeing you if you needed to. We  chose Taki's  based on Yelp reviews, they were busy for a late-ish (8:30) dinner, but we were seated right away. The restaurant had that yummy sushi smell as we walked in. Sushi was good, fresh.  Seaweed salad was not your standard, I liked it (it was the dressing I think) but my husband gave it a thumbs down.  More for me. The seating varies from open tables to semi-private booths.  We were shielded from the couple next to us by a swath of shimmery gauze, and from the rest of the diners by slatted wood dividers. Nice. My take home prize was the House Salad Dressing that I absolutely fell in love with; gingery, light, creamy.......And you can buy it by the bottle!   I'm trying my darndest to replicate the flavors since I live about 1800 miles away.  If I don't get it soon, I'll just mail order it.
When we arrived around 8PM, the hostess said that we could be seated but the wait for sushi was about an hour, but cooked food from the kitchen would be faster.  There was just 1 sushi chef and there were a few open tables, so we decided to do it, as we were in the mood for sushi.  We ordered the prix fixe meal for 4 since it had everything we liked and was reasonably priced for $98.  For a tourist trap like Niagara Falls, that was pretty good. We started with miso soup plus we ordered an extra mandoo (Korean dumpling) soup.  I was pleasantly surprised because the soup dumplings were amazing.  Salad, shumai, calamari and tempura appetizers followed and were very good as well.  The 8 assorted sushi rolls were so-so and a bit of a let down.  I'm wondering if the sushi chef was a fill-in that night, but otherwise the meal was decent, finishing up with ice cream for dessert. Service was a tad slow and the wait staff was harried by a couple of large parties.  They could have used a dedicated busboy instead of the waitresses clearing tables, because dirty dishes were left on tables all over the place.  Dinner took 2-1/2 hours, so if you want a quick meal, this is not your place.  At least we knew that going in. I've had great sushi and bad sushi across the country and this one falls in the middle of the road.  I would return again though.
Not far from the Falls and right on the main drag of Victoria Ave, and with its own (small) parking lot (and lots of inexpensive pay parking options nearby), Taki might seem a bit out-of-the-way (upstairs) but boast a large, beautifully decorated dining room, with some semi-private tables and lots of atmosphere throughout. I trekked there based on reviews along during some frigid weather and was not disappointed when I arrived; the service was prompt and friendly and the food was uniformly excellent: the spicy tuna tartar, the seaweed salad, the udon noodles, and various types of maki and sushi. Everything is reasonably priced and well-made. I can't wait to go back.
