Super delicious food and very friendly service. Classic poutine was simple but perfect. Large servings with skin-on fries cooked to perfection. We are new to poutine, and the staff explained the menu and how everything starts with a basic/classic poutine and builds from there. I had mine with bacon. Yum!   Drinks are a little pricy. But poutine servings are large!  Perfect for lunch.
The first sign that I was going to like this place was when we walked in and 80's glam rock was playing. "Totally Awesome." My husband had never heard of poutine and I have only seen it on "Diners Drive-Ins and Dives." I think it is a Canada thing. Much like Tim Horton restaurants are. Anyways, we walked in and looked at the strange, unhealthy combinations on the menu. My husband decided on something called the turkey dinner. It is a strange combination of turkey, peas, cheese curds and cranberry sauce over french fries and gravy at the bottom. Everything comes in a package similar to a Chinese take out meal box. Different combinations are placed over the fries and gravy at the bottom. My combination was ground beef, cheese and bacon. This place is NOT diet friendly and NOT for those that are not hungry. The food portion is huge and we unfortunately disposed of half of our meals. The food is good, not great. You will not leave hungry and everyone should try it at least once while in Canada.
Stopped by this poutine place to show an American friend what poutine really is. Overall great poutine. It's a nice place that is kind of hidden among all the touristy places on Victoria Ave. My friend had the large classic poutine. How he finished the entire thing by himself is beyond me because the portions are gigantic. Maybe because he had never tasted poutine before, he was just blown away. Another friend and I shared the large Montreal poutine which had sliced meat and pickles on top. Great poutine overall, but still not quite what you would get in Quebec. It was super fresh, the cook asked us how many we were ordering before we decided which ones so he could pop the fries into the fryer fresh! My only complaint is that the cheese curds were not soft enough and didn't quite melt. Maybe this is just me preference with poutine but the cheese was still a little hard. Probably one of the better poutine places in the Falls.
It's all gravy, baby!  In the bottom of my container, that is. We were on a road trip traveling through Canada, and after some disappointing poutine at Taps, Smoke's was pretty darn good.  After having poutine in Montreal, Smoke's was...ehhh, just okay.  It's not a bad place to try poutine as a first-timer though. I had the traditional poutine: fries, cheese curds, and gravy.  Dominic P. had the traditional + bacon.  The portions are large, although I have yet to see a small portion of poutine anywhere.  2 poutines + 2 sodas run about $22.  Dining in Niagara isn't cheap, and aside from Tim Horton's, Smoke's was the cheapest meal we had. The fries and cheese curds were good.  As I neared the bottom of the container, I chose not to finish my meal because the pile of fries were drowning in brown, gelatinous-looking gravy, and there were no cheese curds left.  Less gravy and more cheese would have made this a better dish. It was blistering hot in here (as well as outside), so eating a monster portion of poutine made me feel sweaty and gross.   Smoke's Poutinerie is a good spot for lunch in the falls, especially if you've never tried poutine.  However, if it is hot inside the restaurant when you visit, I'd do a 180 and find somewhere else.  Poutine is definitely a comfort food, much like a hot, gooey grilled cheese sandwich and a bubbling, creamy cup of soup - not ideal for a hot summer day.
It is a simple concept that is unique enough to make you want more and more.  Gravy, meat, and more on fries on a cold day hits the spot.  The fellow who took our order was great. Walked us through what would be good and gave recommendations that were right on the spot.  Check out the falls have a Poutine with bacon. PERFECT!!
It was our first time trying poutine and we didn't know exactly what to expect. We had the bacon poutine and the bacon cheeseburger poutine. Both were surprisingly delicious and quite filling.
Love their poutine large portion shared with hubby and was still stuffed. A little pricey but worth it.A definite stop for yimminess when in Niagara.
I, Elizabeth H, having been to some of the poorest place on the planet and also having gone to school for one semester in Quebec, did something I have never done before--I threw away about 90% of my food. I don't know if it was just an off night for them, but it was the worst poutine I have ever had.   It wasn't worth even pecking at anymore it was so bad. Between my other half and I, we ordered the same two items as Bilal S-traditional veggie poutine and deluxe veggie poutine.   The traditional was okay, edible but not outstanding, but our deluxe looked nothing like Bilal's picture.   There were less than 10 peas, which I started counting as I was on a mission to find them as the only decent ingredient, and maybe only 6 cheese curds.   While my inner fat kid really loves cheese curds, that was no where near enough for a proper poutine, even without the fat kid wanting more cheese.   The sauteed onion and mushrooms (mostly onions) were so salty they were inedible and ruined most of what they touched. The traditional poutine was also skimpy on the cheese curds. My sister had the rainbow poutine, which had sriracha and guacamole on it.   By default, as are most things with sriracha and guacamole, the bite I had of it was pretty good. There wasn't enough seating and we had to wait.
Visiting Ontario from Philadelphia and JUST HAD to have some poutine. At first I was a little nervous to eat "chain" poutine since I wanted the real deal. I was quickly corrected with the first bite, this stuff is great and seemed as real as it gets!
I have only heard how I need to try this place. The staff at this location was fast and friendly. The poutine was not awful, but not great. I think the best poutine in Canada is NYF. It's all about the gravy and this place doesn't have it! Too bad, but I will not eat here again.
Saw the sign, was hunger and angry. So it made complete sense to eat here! The location is quite nice with decent amount of seats. The serve was quite patience while we decided what we wanted from the huge menu. We tried their Traditional Veggie Poutine a combination of  hand-cut and custom seasoned fries, rich brown vegetable gravy and Quebec cheese curds and Veggie Deluxe Poutine a combination of  sautéed mushrooms, caramelized onions and baby green peas.  WOW the gravy was hot and made the cheese melt nicely.
I really wanted to try poutine while in Canada.  This place was awesome, serving was big enough to split with my girlfriend.  Gravy and cheese curds were awesome and it was served piping hot.   My only knock on this place was that they charged $4 for a bottled water and a can of coke.
I will start off by saying that I do not have much experience with poutine (probably because it sounds like something an angry french guy would yell). However, being American teenager, I have had extensive exposure to fries and all of their toppings. That being said, Smokes Poutinerie is hands-down the best potato based dish I have ever had. I realize this is not a claim that should be taken lightly and invite you to challenge it. The fries are left skin-on, seasoned, dosed with cheese curds and then finished off what seems to be in-house made beef gravy.  I purchased the bacon cheese burger which is the everything above, plus bacon, cheese wiz, and hamburger meat. If you are hungry and craving greasy food this is the place to go. Best heart attack in town.
Canada is known for their Poutine, so Smoke's is like the Mecca of Poutine. Even the locals suggested it go to it, which surprised us. Different gravy options and toppings the combinations could be endless, but the menu guides to Poutine heaven! I think the place is new because it was very clean and the furniture still looked fresh. Warning the website said that their hours started at 11am but the door says 12pm so call ahead if your pressed for time. We got the bacon Poutine and although it was delicious, I would suggest sharing, it's felt a little like a heartache in a to go box. But I just what's the love of Poutine is -- crispy fries smoothed in gravy topped with cheese curds and let's sprinkle half a cup of bacon! My heart stopped for a second and a half. I wish we could have try the chicken peppercorn one cause I could only imagine how grand that creamy white gravy would have been. Since this is my first Poutine experience, I need to try a couple more options before I hand out that coveted 5 stars. I'm quite sure this won't be my last trip to Niagara Falls and/or Canada. Taste good eh!!
Even though I have not been to Canada very long, once I heard about this place I had to go. I have never had poutine before but once I had it , it was delicious. Try their most popular or their rainbow. Bacon and ground meat with cheese and gravy . Yum!
We were visiting the falls and had to try poutine since we were in Canada.  I know I'll have to try the Quebec version, being that is where my family is from, but for a first time experience we were not let down.
Didn't even know these things existed. Kids, mom and dad enjoyed the bacon cheeseburger and the pulled pork.
Just sight seeing & hungry. I must have looked hungry, the guy pulled me in right off the street. The guy said have you ever had this?? I had no idea what this was, so I said no. I had no clue it was just the food I wanted to try while in canada, POUTINE!!!!!  I got the chicken butter poutine, limited time being advertised in window. What I was reading when manager pulled me in, literally pulled me in store. It was great! !!! Very nice guys. Getting some more before I go back to the bronx.
Okay can I ask why we Americans never discovered the amazing concoction known as Poutine?  I mean for the love of all that's good it's made up of fries, gravy, and cheese!  Fries, gravy, and cheese people!  That's what America is practically made of.  I had to go all the way to Canada to get a taste of this thing!  I mean come on we let the Canadians perfect this...shame on us.  When I first heard of poutine Mr. Anthony Bourdain was talking about on one of his travel getaways (lucky bastard), so when the opportunity arose for me to visit Canada again I definitely had to try this heavenly creation.  Can I just say there's nothing wrong with seeing a man cry after taking his first bite of delicious food?  My family was shopping around Victoria Ave and saw this place and I was like BOOM fat kid status time!  I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger Poutine.  After the first bite I've started calling this thing Cracktine!  Ground beef, double bacon, and then cheese on top...droooooool! They have so many other flavors like Chicken Chile, Chicken Fajita, Steak Stroganoff, Philly Cheesesteak... my mind could not comprehend what was going on around me.  All I gotta say is for 20 bites (and yes I counted how many bites) I devoured my box of food goodness and couldn't wait for some more.  If you're ever around the Niagara Falls area on the Canadian side, stop by and give this place a chance.  The way I described the experience don't you think it's worth it, EH!
Everytime I'm in Canada, I am in search for the best poutine.  Smoke's is one of the best I ever had.  The different combination options can be a little much for beginners so I would just recommend the old fashioned poutine: fries, gravy and cheese curds.  I loved that their fries are extra crispy.  The price is right and the restaurant is very clean and quick service..  Definitely a good bang for your buck at Smoke's.
