I've dined at the Red Chateau five times now - twice with my boyfriend for a date night and our anniversary and 3x with my girlfriends. Jarmala is a sweetheart and will make you feel right at home. Its a cozy, unique dining experience and my favorite dish is the chicken paprikash although the goulash is amazing as well. The pickled cabbage and tomatoes are a great starting dish as well as the garlic bread. There are usually only 4-8 people dining at once as Jarmala runs the whole show. If you want to have a great home cooked meal with a nice bottle of wine, this is the place. Ive gone both dressed up in a cocktail dress and heels as well as in jeans and a fun shirt, so all attire is acceptable.  Jaramala grows the vegetables and garnishes in her backyard and all food is organic.   She is well versed in numerous topics from healthy eating to the story of how Swarovski the jewellry designer got his start so makes for a great hostess. You can pick up a few pieces of jewellry from her collection as well.  Gentlemen - if you're taking your sweetheart here for an anniversary, bring some extra cash to buy a fun piece to make the night even more epic. Most of her pieces run from $30-$150 and again, Jarmala makes it herself. Enjoy the experience, you won't find anything like this anywhere else!
What an experience! Chef Jermilla 'knows what's up'. Trained in the Czech Republic, Jermilla uses an array of organic and home grown ingredients to create a truly authentic European dining experience. Expect a very high level of service as it's not usually busy (it was only us and one other party of four). My girlfriend and I started with the Achocha - an ancient Peruvian hybrid of a cucumber and pepper (grown in her backyard) - a pleasant surprise. I had the goulash which was rich and perfectly spiced and for a main we both had the Chicken Paprikesh which was a knock-out - succulent and spicy in a bed of broth so savory I could have ordered another plate (but not actually because it was so rich and filling). While not extensive, the wine list was well curated (recommend the chateau neuf de pap). The intimate atmosphere aided in the overall authenticity of the experience. Note that she hosts, cooks and cleans all by herself. In addition to being a real balabusta, she is also quite knowledgeable about European history (esp. Jewelry). We finished our meal with the berry crumble (composed of her home grown berries) and home-made ice cream. Bring your wallet and more importantly your appetite...it's worth it!
Cute quaint place. Would never have found it without online reviews! Romantic ambience, mood lighting, unique European decor. The whole thing is run by Chef Jamilla on her own. She serves and cooks for you. All homemade food, she even grows food in a garden in the back! There are homemade pickled vegetables, jams, preserves, jellies, sauces, and pastry treats as well that you can buy. We were lucky to have the whole restaurant to ourselves, so it was very romantic. And apparently a couple got engaged there the night before we came!
In search of Czech food wherever I live or travel, I quickly spotted Red Chateau in a restaurant search on Yelp in Niagara Falls. While their website left me a bit nervous about the atmosphere (mostly due to the black background, bold red font and flickering candle lights), the one review on Yelp gave me hope for some tasty Czech food. I made a reservation same-day and by the time we showed up at 7:30pm (on a Monday), the place was empty. It was a pretty dark space, and small with maybe 6 two-person tables in the front room of the first floor of this house. The CBC (Canadian Broadcast Channel) was streaming classical music from the bar. Nice touch. We ordered from the Red Wine menu a "sweet" bottle of U.S.A. wine. Since it wasn't on the dessert menu, I thought maybe it was just sweeter than usual. Turned out to be just slightly fermented Concord grape juice. Way too sweet. The owner is a one-person show: phone answering, food serving, cooking and entertaining. The pattern of the meal went like this: she would walk over, she'd chat us up, we'd ask for something, she'd write it down, she'd head to the kitchen and then bring it back what we ordered. Our first request was wine and water. Our second request was an appetizer -- Czech dumplings. After she ceremoniously wrote down the order, she went back into the kitchen. We heard small noises, and then my favorite sound, the microwave beeps... The dumplings came out, with sauerkraut The sauerkraut was dry (maybe the liquid would ruin the texture of the dumplings) and the dumplings did not seem fresh. They reminded me of defrosted pastry on the outside, completely edible, but not fresh. The inside consisted of the smoky pork promised on the menu. I wouldn't recommend the dumplings. The reason I can give 4 stars, however, is the main course! Holy cow, so good! I had the Hungarian Chicken Paprikish, and my "husband" (appointed by the owner) had the Hungarian Pork Goulash. Both came with delicious Czech dumplings (slices of boiled water and yeast bread) and the sauces extra spicy. I tried both dishes. Their meats were both very tender, and the complexity of the sauce made them both worth the $29. I'd highly recommend going for the entrees. Last came the dessert, the "Pavlova," a merengue with berries, berry compote and whipped cream. The berries, we were told, came from the garden and were mighty tasty. At $13 I'm not sure I'd get it again, but then again, I wasn't there for dessert. All in all, try this place out for the entrees. Czech and Hungarian food is some of my favorite and I rarely find an authentic place to grab some. It's also a nice reprieve from the crazy neon lights of Niagara Falls.
An oasis in a culinary wasteland. Really quite possibly the best meal I've ever eaten.  Top five to be sure. Niagara Falls offers few restaurants that aren't the big touristy chains, so you've got to make an effort to find something worthwhile, but this is the real deal.  You'll need a car to get here, but it's well worth the trip. Owned and operated by a charming middle aged lady who is more than eager to tell you about how she grows all the vegetables in her back garden, this place seems a little like having dinner in someone's home dining room.  In a good way.  We were there on a Wednesday night and were the only customers there.  We shared a garlic bread appetizer (FUCKING AMAZING) I had Pork Count Dracula entree, which I would have ordered even if it didn't have such an awesome name.  It was Pork medallions covered in hot peppers (no kidding around with the hot peppers) which was delicious.  Vegetable-Head had some sort of veggie-stuffed crepe*, which she seemed pretty happy with.  Then we shared some sort of apple pastry desert, which was also amazing. And really, if you're going to drop the $$$ on a place like this, go ahead and order dessert. There is some person on Trip Advisor who called this place the worst meal she'd ever had.  I'm going to find her and punch her in the back of the head. *There is a separate vegetarian menu you have to ask for.
Red Chateau is a Red "House" but so you know, it is less French in cuisine and more towards authentic Czech/Euro flavours done beautifully by Jarmila who is the owner, hostess, chef all-in-one.  A wonderful friendly woman that made our experience excellent in this traditional vintage interior decor.   We were the only ones on a cool Sunday December night which made it even more over the top romantic mood depending on how dim you ask the lights to be turned while a candle lights our home cooked meal by this culinary schooled Jarmila.  We warmed up with some Mulled Wine($7.50/glass) Goulash Soup ($7.50)(Beef, Potatoes, Carrot in Red Paprika base with fresh Garlic and organic Herbs) - Delicious and unlike any Goulash I've ever had before and way better than my previous tragic attempt to make it. Drowned Sausage ($7.50 )(Marinated Sausage in Vinaigrette w/ Onion, Olive Oil, served w/Green Garnish, Housemade Rye Sourdough Bread) -  This seemed less unique to me as a room temp Sausage with Vinaigrette. Rabbit ($32.95)(Braised Rabbit w/Root Vegetables, Cream Sauce accompanied by Czech Dumpling, Vegetable Garnish and organic Mulberries) - Presented very homestyle like any other dish we had.  Jarmila will give you a plate so you can eat the Half Rabbit with your hands which makes it easier. Beef Stroganoff ($33.95)(Beef Tenderloin sauteed with Onion, White & Portabella Mushrooms, organic Pickles and organic Herbs, finished as Sour Cream Sauce with a touch of Lemon. Accompanied by Vegetable Garnish and Roasted Potatoes or Czech dumpling, topped with organic Herbs) - Beef was so tender and delicious with the Sour note from the Creamy Sauce. Torte(European style 3-layered Torte $11) - We chose a Mocha filled Meringue Torte which was perfectly light without feeling sugary or heavy. Jarmila gave us some cute Vizovice Christmas Decorative Pastry as we ended our stay but a lovely intimate dining experience overall, something that not many restaurants within this Niagara region can provide.
We went wine tasting in Niagara for the day, then stayed near the falls for the night.  Our group was looking for a good place for dinner, and found this place on Yelp with great reviews so we gave it a try. This place is truly a gem, but you should be prepared to be transported to another time and place during your visit.  While the food is great and the atmosphere is insanely unique, just be prepared for a restaurant like you've never been to before (well in Canada or the US). We went on a Saturday night in December at 8pm, and our party of 6 was the only table in the restaurant (which based on other reviews doesn't seem uncommon).  The place is quaint with decor very similar to your grandmother's home.  As mentioned in previous posts, the proprietor does it all - hostess, bartender, chef, server - and she also grows much of the food herself organically.   If you've seen the Fawlty Towers episode about the Waldorf salad (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wa…), you'll find it a bit similar and humorous. While not extensive, there is a full bar.  We enjoyed a bottle of wine and a few cocktails.  The food is definitely more Czech than French, and it is the epitomy of home cooked - flavorful, fresh, grown and made with love.  Three of us had the salmon, two had the beef stronganoff, and another a steak.  My salmon was a bit over cooked - what can you expect when 1 person is running the entire show and trying to have 6 meals ready at the same time.  The desserts are made from scratch as well. While the food was unique and tasty (it wasn't the best meal of my life in terms of food, experience maybe), I would recommend everyone check it out more for the decor, the precious proprietor, and for the experience of a tasty made from scratch meal in a town where it is hard to escape chain restaurants.
Wow! An amazing surprise.  I did some research online for our overnight in Niagara Falls & happened enough interesting info about this place that we gave it a shot. First off, it's definitely NOT french food.  The owner/waitress/hostess/chef is Czech and the food is solidly Eastern European.  That said, you must throw out your image of what that means.  She has a garden out back where she grows most of her own vegetables, everything she buys in is organic, and alll dishes are made from scratch.  There is nothing heavy or bland about this food. Amongst us, we had an amazing salad with black walnuts & flaxseed, pickled cabbage, rye sourdough bread directly out of the oven (mmmm), chicken paprikash with potatoes and goulash with dumplings.  Even the dumplings were light!  Dessert was a crepe with organic mulberries and apple strudel, both lovely. Go a 1/4 mile beyond the horrendous main strip of Ruby Tuesday and Tim Hortons and seek this place out!
We went Dec 2013. We could hear the microwave being used often. It was cold and tough. I would not recommend. I am only posting because we spent well over $100 on food that was in the freezer and defrosted in the microwave. It became a joke every time we heard the opening and closing of the microwave door then the beeping when it was over. I usually do not post unless something is wonderful or horrible. you can guess what this was. We only went because yelp gave such high reviews
My family (3 daughters + wife) and I were in Niagara Falls for a weekend and wanted to go somewhere that was a bit special, a bit unique and (most importantly) that would have really excellent food.   We had read the reviews about Red Chateau and Jarmila's personal touch so we figured we give it a try.   Simply put it was a fantastic experience.   The food was very good.   For context, I'm Austrian so I know good food.   The home-made pickles, the dumplings, etc. - all were sensational.   The desserts were really off-the-charts delicious - so good in fact that we took an extra piece of cake home for later (in additional to the several pieces we enjoyed on site). Jarmila is charming and a delight.   The restaurant is intimate and feels sort of like you've been invited to someone's house for dinner. Strongly recommend to anyone who is a fan of Austro/Hungarian/Czech cuisine and who is looking for something that isn't generic or a chain restaurant. Thank you Yelp for letting us know and thank you Jarmila for a really memorable evening (especially for our daughters who discovered all sorts of new culinary delights).
If it wasn't for Yelp, I would never have found or gone to Red Chateau. Atmosphere (4): This restaurant has a very homely and cozy feel to it. But of course, the restaurant was basically located in the first floor of a house and it was owned, served, and cooked by the owner (Jarmila). Service (4): The service was great considering Jarmila had to do everything on her own. She served us, got our orders, and cooked for us. Considering she did everything on her own, it was a good service. But because it was just herself, things did take a bit slow. So go if you want a nice slow dinner! Staff (4): It was just Jarmila and she was very busy with the customers in their (maybe 1/3 full) but overall, I'd say she did a very good job handling everything. Appetizer (5): My bf and I ordered the Drowned Sausafe and the ricotta cheese triangle. The drowned sausage surprised me. It was delicious but it was served cold. I didn't particular think of anything special of it besides the way it was served while my boyfriend enjoyed it. The ricotta cheese i LOVED. It was served instead these dumpling skins and for some who doesn't really love cheese, I LOVED IT. Entree (5): For entree, between the two of us, we just shared the Chicken Paprikash. This was definitely unique. The chicken was cooke so tender it would almost fall off the bones immediately. The sauce of the paprikash was very delicate, homecooked, and light to the point that I really enjoyed it. Nothing was too strong for me and everything was cooked to perfect. The interesting thing was, iif you've ever had Paprikash in america, this is not what you'll expect. There isn't as much sauce and the sauce isn't as overpowering. I truly enjoyed tasting hungarian chicken paprikash. Must order! Overall (5): Come for a authentic European cooking and in the mood for a nice slow homecooked meal!!! Jarmila owns this place on her own and you can just tell her love for cooking. It's a very nice small restaurant that more people should come to enjoy!
This quaint little house in the outskirts of Niagara will leave your stomach full and satisfied, but your wallet rife with FAMINE!! What you get is a truly 100% homemade meal (even the dessert), beautiful quiet ambiance, yet minus $120 for two (appetizer, 2 glasses of wine, 2 entrees, desert), not to mention sore legs or a $20 (to & fro) cab fair for hauling out into the Niagara suburbs from the hotel area.   I know the poor little old lady makes all the food by herself, but $120!!? Really?? I'm between jobs right now and am making delicious, healthy multi-ethnic meals everyday for CHEAP!!  I'm guessing that the appetizer, entree, and minuscule ice cream desert easily cost less than $25 to buy, and 2 glasses of wine (from a nice ~$23 bottle, so maybe $8 for 2 glasses) that's $33 for the cost of meal, plus $87 for preparation & service..... W...T....F....?? The entree contained about half the dollar value of the meal described above. I recommend buying JUST appetizers, wine, and desert. You'll keep about half the bill, get roughly the same amount of calories, and have the same experience. All else considered, we were overall satisfied. The owner was a nice and talkative, the meal was pretty delicious, the restaurant quiet and eerily empty... Shivers actually ran down my spine more than once when the old lady came out of the darkness holding a shiny knife and utensils; I wonder where she gets her meat...
The food was delicious, the ambience romantic and the proprietor charming. It was more than I hope for in the abomination that is Niagara. Way more than I hoped for. If you are looking for a non-chain dining experience this is the spot. Minus one star because the proprietor runs the whole thing by herself, no lie. She's the hostess, waitress and chef. You will wait for your food, but I thought it was worth the wait.
My boyfriend and I called an hour ahead and got a reservation for 5:30. We were the only customers there the whole time. My boyfriend ordered the beef goulash and the mulberry drink, which tastes like carbonated grape juice. He found the goulash delicious, as did I! I ordered chicken paprikash, which Jarmila recommended because it wouldn't take too long to make, and it was also amazing! I'm sure if this place were somewhere like San Francisco it would be super popular. In the meantime, I'll have to figure out how to make chicken paprikash and beef goulash as deliciously as Jarmila does...
Had dinner with group of 4. Food was good but not quite up to the hype of some previous Yelp reviewers. A little overpriced in my opinion. Beef Stroganoff really good but girls didn't like their wiener schnitzel
One of the best dinners that I've had in a long time. Czech food is the family tradition. Jarmilla makes what I consider the best Knedlicki, (Bread dumpling) I have ever eaten; better than what was our Sunday dinner standard. I had the braised rabbit in a root vegetable cream sauce. It was amazing, sopping up that wonderful sauce with my knedlicki... I was in heaven! Though I didn't taste the chocolate torte, it looked as though it may have been baked in heaven. JR
Jarmila is the cook, host, waitress, and owner and she excels at everything.  If you are looking for an authentic home cooked meal, look no further.  This is no Olive Garden or Cheesecake Factory.  This is the real deal.  The finest ingredients.  Recipes passed down through generations.  Authentic European cooking.  A real lost art.  If you are willing to spend some money and eat an unforgettable meal, give this place a look.
Delicious organic, fresh food, spiced to our requests.  Portions were plentiful, but not overdone.  Friendly service, local cabernet enjoyable at a good price. We began with the red cabbage salad as the greens were not available from the garden in December.  We also ordered the fresh homemade bread that was made that afternoon, hearty yet, light.  Next I had the vegetarian dish, which had a little heat upon request.  My husband had the salmon, with fresh green beans.  We both chose the potato dumplings, that were light and tasty and there was a small salad on the plate. Dessert delicous, homemade, chocolate cake with cream filing.  Make sure to try the Czech liquor it is something not to miss, a perfect pairing for the chocolate cake.   Not plastic dining.  We didn't make reservations, plenty of room.  Candle on the table was a nice touch.  Classic french love songs in the background.  Romantic setting.  Make sure to have cash as debit/credit cards are not accepted.  $29-$40 entree prices.  $7.50 glass of house wine.  $30 bottle of local wine.   A great find that will be a wonderful memory of our trip to Niagara Ontario!
What a gracious,delicious,unique dining experience.meals are cooked individually using fresh,organic local foods.Our party tried the smoked pork appetizer with home baked sourdough bread and the red cabbage. Entrees were coq  au vin, chicken paprikash, fresh pork. All beautifully seasoned and prepared.a lovely evening. Thank you
The Red Chateau is the perfect place for foodies in Niagara Falls who want a break from the over-priced and over-processed hotel food lining the main strip! About a mile from Falls River Casino, the restaurant is off the beaten path but well worth the trek. Parking is easy along Main Street, so no worries if you have a car. The Red Chateau is located in a house built in the 1800s, and the two small dining rooms are warm and cozy. Since the owner is also the hostess, waitress, and chef, she does not take more than a few reservations at a time.... guaranteeing you an intimate dining experience. Everything is organic, homemade....and delicious! I had a fresh salad, the chicken medallions with blue cheese, and an ice cream filled crepe for dessert! I also ordered the made from scratch bread (both the garlic and the rye)...an extra charge that was well worth it! The place looks a little run down from the outside, but don't let the exterior fool you! It is truly a little gem in Niagara! On a final note, the Red Chateau is categorized as "french" but based on the menu, it seems more Eastern European.
