Outstanding from the service to the food! Everything was top notch! Hope your hungry and want to eat some of the best cuts of meat you have ever tasted! They keep bringing it faster than you can eat it! Dont let the price keep you away. It was worth every penny and then some! We will be back! Oh ya, the eye candy wasn't bad either!
Absolutely tasty! If you love meat, you will love this place. I was so full at the end and our waiter recommended me to try the brown sugar grilled pinapple, that did fit into my stuffed stomach just because of how delicious it was. I wish the salad and pasta bar has better selections.
Took my girlfriend here while on vacation.  Food and service were top-notch.  Our server was friendly and attentive, and the guys who came around to tables delivering food were as well.  It's not a cheap date (over $100 for the two of us, and we only had dinner and one drink each), but for a special occasion, I'd recommend it.
Great food, great environment and great service! Food was absolutely superb and you will definitely not be disappointed. There was a live band when i was there (Friday night) and it set off the night even more. Waitresses are also friendly and attractive.
amazing fast service, amazing staff,amazing food, but a bit salty. during the mid weekdays you will get to try everything for sure.
I've been to a Brazilian Steakhouse a couple times elsewhere so I kind of knew what to expect.  Average salad bar with bland side dishes followed by hordes of delicious meat on a stick. The Copacabana did not disappoint I was concerned by the lack of service at the beginning and actually worried myself that I would leave frustrated before I left stuffed. Thankfully after a while the service turned around and the meat skewers were constantly around. I enjoyed the top sirloin best but I tried everything presented.  I took a pass on both types of the chicken after trying it the first time but sometimes I get a more discernible palate as my belly gets full.   If you don't like rare meat, you're in trouble here but I do so I loved it.
Apart from sitting in a broken chair unbeknownst to me, on a broken patio and falling to the ground in front of everyone...yes that happened....it was half decent. After falling, a hostess quickly came and asked if I was alright and then quickly asked if I would still be eating there (stupid question)...still a little shocked that they didn't offer to comp anything or check on me the rest of the night. The food, well the meat was rather good, the sides on the other hand where a waste of energy chewing them! If it we're cleaner, safer, and had better service I would be back.
Excellent service and food.  I love Brazilian steakhouses and have been to lots of them.  This one still ranks as my favorite. It is worth the cost for sure!
My favorite restaurant. $50 a person but all you can buffet and delicious Brazilian steaks. The experience and tastefulness is one of a kind.
It was my second time at Copacabana (my first one was in Toronto). I thought nothing could be worst than Copacabana Toronto but I Was wrong,  in Niagara Falls it is even worst.  As a Brazilian I can say what is an authentic Brazilian barbecue and at Copacabana you have an American steak house with a Brazilian name. Besides the samba and capoeira shows, there is nothing else related to Brazil there.  There is a lack of meat variety and it's sweet!  In Brazil we have salty meat.  The buffet is poor as well with tasteless food. The environment reminds me a night club and not a restaurant.  Music is so loud that it's hard to talk with people at your table. Parking is paid and you need to wait until find a spot on busy days. Price is very high for the poor service,  I have paid $105 for me and my girlfriend. It was definitely my last time at Copacabana.
In comparison with other Brazilian Steakhouses, Copacabana stands out with a bit more variety on the menu than what is typically served. Not every spot I've been to serves the cinnamon pineapple, mozzarella steak, as well as my all-time-favorite beef ribs. In terms of food, salad bar was good and meats were done well, although they were a bit slow to come around which leaves you wanting to grab ahold of any waiter/waitress that might pass by.
We booked this restaurant for a very large company event (300+ guests) last month.  Pleased to say that we received 5 diamond treatment right from the early planning weeks leading up to and including the evening of the event. Christianne was absolutely amazing in working with us to coordinate the event.  This was so important to us as we were based in BC and had never experienced this restaurant before.  She was incredibly on top of things to ensure our vision of the event was met.  Christianne and her amazing team delivered exceeding expectation. The restaurant ambiance is great.  Extremely well laid out and roomy.  Guests who enjoyed live music up close could sit in their spacious patio. The food was fantastic!  From the selection at the salad/harvest table to the amazing 15 varieties of meat being carved at the tables. The service was over the top!  They were extremely accommodating in addressing some of our guests dietary needs. Even many of our guests brought the high calibre of service experienced to our attention. The entertainment (dancers) we booked through them were a huge hit and made the evening more memorable by all. We will definitely be coming back to this restaurant again to dine the next time we return to Niagara.  We also heard they have a fusion restaurant in Toronto which we will also need to check out. Thank you to everyone at Copacabana Brazilian Restaurant.
Went for our anniversary.  Amazing food, great service and the flamenco dancers were terrific.   Waiters just kept bringing so many different dishes that tasted so wonderful.  My only disappointment is that where we sat was pretty dark so it was hard to see what we  were eating but no matter it tasted so good.  A bit pricey but well worth it.
"Friendliest waitress ever - Christina... you are awesome & a superb salad bar".  I was beyond impressed with the salad bar... from the mango-red onion salad, the Caesar salad to the fresh-baked cheese bread.  Our waitress Christina was super friendly from the second she came to the table to the moment we ready to leave.  She checked on us often, refreshed plates and even entertained my 4-year old daughter's questions.  The quality I look for in the waitstaff is patience and she definitely had it! I did not give this 5-star because the quality of the meats was just okay.  I was not blown away by any of the meats and there were several meats mentioned on the menu that were not brought out to us... pretty disappointing. We saw the filet come out many times, but no salmon!  My favorite was the chimichurri flank steak... yummm!!!  It was action-packed with parsley & garlic... my faves!  If you like pineapple... you will love the grilled pineapple, such a perfect ending to a "meaty" meal!   The restaurant was packed on a Tuesday night (right before start of summer) and it was a nice retreat from the storming outside!   Be sure to make reservations even though you may not think it will be packed, when you decide to go.  When we went, the waitress was surprised to see how packed it was on a Tuesday night.  Loved the name and loved the restaurant - it was huge!
this place is just FANTASTIC. I've been to the location in Toronto (Eglinton) and both are great.  The highlights for me are the cornbread muffins (to.die.for), the salmon (cooked just right and they use some sweet sauce on it - OMG), and of course the heavenly grilled pineapple.  Please please save room for the pineapple.  The meats are tender and delicious, and the chicken is moist. (A few of the meats were on the salty side though). The salad bar area had a great selection of hot and cold food. They had a variety of cold salads, fruits, rice, shrimp, mash potatoes, and even lasagna ( though I didn't like it).  I LOVE their cheesebread and it's super fresh here.   So many of the waiters are hot and the service is phenomenal.  They came around several times to ask what we were missing or wanted more of, and also came to change our plates/cutlery. Two Brazilian dancers put on a show halfway through our dinner which was also a fun touch.
Fabulous! Live contemporary jazz music on patio. So, you help yourself to the Buffett for all side items. Then servers come around to each table with a variety of different cuts of meat... It's all included. My favorite was the cheese stuffed prime rib and the chino-churro flank steak. Try the white sangria! It's amazing. It has fresh pineapple and strawberries. Service from waitress a little slow. Had to wait 15 min for check bc she disappeared to do closing duties. But everything else was awesome!
This place is awesome!! This place is awesome! The food is amazing. Delicious cuts of meat. Grilled right behind you. Excellent choices great taste great flavor everything they brought I enjoyed. The bacon wrapped filet Mignon is unreal. The salad bar is no exception. Everything you want. All put together perfectly. Great balance. Great taste. Great presentation. And right across the street from embassy and Oakes. Great location. I would take a half star away for the alcoholic beverages. But it seems to be the norm in canada. All the drinks taste like water or soda. And after visiting the liquor store I understand why. $10 bottles in us are 25-30 here. My advice. Drink beer. It will give u more of a buzz. Will definitely be back here though. Great place
I really liked this place.  The meats were great and they did frequently bring more and more of them around.  I liked almost all of the meats I tried. I would say the salad/sides bar was ok.  I would have liked a few more hot items to choose from, but what I had was tasty. The fried bananas and pineapple for dessert was good, too. The service was good, too.  It was surprisingly reasonable considering everything else in Canada was much more expensive, this was only about $41/person, where our similar restaurants in the states are about $65/person.  I would eat here again if I was in the area.
We went there after a nice walk along the falls. We arrived at 5 o clock, and were surprised that the place was semi empty (because we tried to make a reservation through yelp, and couldn't make it). As soon as the beautiful hostess took us to our table, she informed us that we were just aloud to stay in the place for two hours... The waitress asked us if it was our first time there, we saids yes, so she explained us about the card on the table. It has two sides; the side of "Fire it up" for continue eating, and "Cool it down" for make a pause. The Brazilian rodizios in Mexico City, give a coaster to each person on the table, to indicate if they want to continue eating. Because with only one signal, is hard to tell if all the people on the table want the same cut, or if they are waiting for another one. We ordered the only bottle of Portuguese wine they had in the menu (which I felt narrow), and went to the salad bar. I had a good impression of the variety and freshness of the salads, veggies, cold meats, cheeses, breads, soups, and appetizers they display. However, I couldn't find typical Brasilian dishes like the "Feijoada". When we went back to the table. A sword of pineapple with cinnamon appeared, and we started with the feast. If you want to be served first, seat in the patio area, close to the barbecue. Cuz at the time the swords arrived to our table, they hadn't enough cuts for three of us. My favorite cuts where the Rib Eye, the BBQ flank steak, the Picanha and some that has melted cheese. In terms of flavor, they put way to much garlic in the meats... And the quality is ok, can't complain. But it wasn't the best meal ever.
Our party of 7 absolutely loved this restaurant. We arrived around 10pm on a Friday night to a less than half full restaurant and a live band playing. Definitely bring your appetite when coming here or else forget about it! The sides/salad bar station is pretty amazing. You could get full from that alone! It was a pretty extensive offering everything from mango salad, quinoa, lasagna, roasted vegetables, sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, cold salads, and warm salads, just to give up a snap shot Plus they had a bread station with fresh warm baked bread and not your plain old white french bread but they had fancy breads like 12 grain, cheddar, and my favourite cranberry cheddar coconut. Plus a cheese / cured meat station with a huge wheel of fresh aged parm. After collecting all our sides and sauces/condiments from the sides/salad bar we awaited the parade of meats. The thing good about coming this late was the waiters come kept coming back to us since there wasn't too many other diners there at that time. They were also really good about asking what meats we preferred and then they would go fire it up and bring it directly to us. The favourite meats at the table definitely had to be the Parmesan filet Mignon and prime rib with cheddar cheese. They were to die for! Soo tender and juicy cooked between medium - medium rare with the melty cheese. Yummm! The types of meats offered were pretty extensive too from different cuts of beef to salmon, lamb, sausage, ribs, turkey, chicken breasts & legs. Oooo and the brown sugar grilled pineapple was amazing! Overall with a price tag of $42.99 a person I have to say we got more than our worth's fill of food. Everything was cooked perfectly, seasoned and flavoured well, service was amazing, very attentive and catering to what to we liked. My advice to anyone coming here is first of all bring an appetite and second try to come during off times for better service.
upon a recommendation from our hotel bell hop, we decided to give the Copacabana a try. This is not the place for vegetarians... The selections of meats, all carved directly from the skewers which they were cooked on and was extensive.  Lamb, flank steak, sirloin, salmon, chicken breast and legs, prime rib stuffed with cheese (which I was dubious about...prime rib is great on its own...but it is amazing), fillet mignon....and the list goes on.... they even had grilled pineapple, which was delicious...  Only the lamb was disappointing... it was a bit overdone. Every other selection was perfectly prepared.  The handsome and attentive meatmen were almost too attentive....almost. They would ask us what we hadn't tried yet, then would dash off to find the item we hadn't tried.  Then they brought back the items we especially enjoyed.  I should say that we were there later in the evening on a Thursday,  so the place was not packed,  perhaps the attention we received was due to the fact the place was only half full. The salad bar was just ok...lots of premade salads, many of which were good, but not remarkable... However the quinoa salad was worthy of second trip to the salad bar... its was very very good...  But when one goes to a Brazilian steak house they are going for the salads. The night we were there they had a very talented blues group there to provide an added bonus. We sat on the patio which had a film of slippery-ness. I could literally 'skate' to my table by sliding my feet on the floor.... we were warned to be careful not to slip... Not a big deal. If you are a carnivore, I would recommend going to this fun and delicious restaurant.
I've eaten at a Brazilian steakhouse a few times and this one is a poor imitation. Each of their steak tasted the same which was the taste of whatever oil or butter they cooked it in. The only exception was one steak that had no flavor. We waited a long time for the lamb since I like it a lot, but what they served was very gamey tasting and only slight hints of lamb flavor. The chicken and pineapple was good as well as the buffet bar. Probably the lowest value meal I've ever had at $50 per person.
Well, as years have continued to fly-by, I've decided to become honest with myself..... I am a foodie! And as the years fly-by, and as I continue to wine n' dine all across North America... this place remains my all-time-favourite restaurant. Huge kudos to the person that is in-charge of marinating every cut and piece of meat to absolute perfection. Mouth-watering, tender, delectable and "wow" factor. The pineapple for dessert is also delicious. Don't cheat yourself... make sure you save a little room for the pineapple too. And also props to the person who organized the Riu-dancers and entertainment. Overall, 5 un-debatable stars across the board. This becomes a night of fine-dining, entertainment and overall fun. I like to make this the first-and-last stop of my evening. It compasses everything you could want on a Friday/Saturday night... not need to go anywhere else but here. Treat yourself.... stop reading other reviews.... and let your tastebuds explore a journey they will never forget. You deserve it to yourself.
The place is amazing! The food is delicious from start to finish. Everything is included in the meal price, appetizers are all you can eat and include lasagna !!! That's not even appetizer food! And a huge choice of pasta and salads. The meats that come around are beyond anything you can imagine. They have 20+ different be teams that people bring around to take pieces off and each one is better than last. The deserts are also crazy good. Coconut balls were delicious! Me and my wifey paid a bit over 100 for both and it was well worth the piece.
Good service and excellent meat quality. The seasoning of the meats was a bit weak to our taste but overall it was incredibly scrumptious and satisfying. The salad bar was ok, but that's not the main reason why you'd go to a Brazilian steakhouse anyway. Out waitress, unlike many others we've had at other steakhouses, was not pushy on drinks, and changed our plates twice. The gauchos were very responsive to our meat requests but their skills seemed a little less delicate than the ones in Copacabana Toronto.
We were starving when we went here, and made the rookie mistake of filling up an entire plate at the buffet table. The buffet table had various types of salad, pasta dishes, a bread station and a cured meat station. We went here on a wednesday night, and there weren't many people there. The service was very good! They have a large array of meats mainly beef. I don't eat beef so I had the lamb, chicken, pork and salmon. The Morrocan chicken was very good but the Parmesan chicken ok. They had a chimichurri beef, I wish they had it in chicken because I love chimichurri sauce. The rest of the meats were good just extremely filling. I have a large appetite and I was surprised at how little meat I ate before I was full. My favorite was the pineapple. It just shows that something simple with sugar and cinnamon can be oh so delightful.
My experience here was nothing to write home about. It was alright, but by far the worst Brazilian steakhouse I've been to. Not enough servers, TINY portions once the waiter finally comes around. The buffet portion was a bit stale too. After a while the staff started getting upset that my large party were still there. I understand that there should be a maximum time limit, but after about an hour they started ignoring us. If you like $10 shots of whiskey this is the place for you!
Lower your expectations. I have eaten at a number of these Brazilian style steakhouses and this was definitely the worst. The servers are few and far between, and when they do finally show, the cuts are miniscule.  Sitting there for long stretches with an empty plate, I felt like Oliver asking for "more please."  Also, I have never seen a "steakhouse" that serves so much chicken, pineapple and salmon.  This place is cheaper than most, but still not worth it.  Dining in Niagara isn't exactly a culinary wonderland, but lower your expectations and you may not be unhappy.
This Brazilian steak house has a very good selection of meats. Yet some of the meat was rare and I think they should cook it little more. The buffet I wasn't impressed with since variety was ok but could be better. Being from NYC I'm quite familiar with Rodizio's/ Churrascaria's and had high hopes for this place. The salad was little tired. The service was friendly and the music attracts a younger crowd in my opinion. The wine I ordered didn't taste like a Riesling but I didn't complain since the waitress seemed so nice. They charge $36 per person I think and the drinks are extra. I would give this place a try just for their nice selection of meats!
Who walks away from this place hungry?  ME!   I purposely skipped a snack today so I could feast on the tasty meats usually provided by this type of restaurant.   What a disappointment!   An hour and half of my life goes by and no one to talk to because if the meager crowd and the guy came through the patio area less than 6 times, twice he has sausage, and twice lamb....seriously?  Whees the beef?   I rarely get mad and leave a place but this was the worst place I have ever been, the salad bar looked extremely sloppy , wilted spinach, tomatoes were very soft - GROSS! The hostess, said they were extremely short handed, maybe they should have said that up front.   Ugh!  I will be better after eating my ice cream from DQ!   Hopefully my fellow Yelpers will have a better experience.
Fire grilled meats served table side ... What's not to love???  Come hungry. Go light on the side dish buffet and fill up on the delicious meats. Best part?  The grilled pineapple !  Yum.
Between Copacabana and it's nearby competitor, Braza, I find Copacabana a winner for Rodizio in this area. It's not cheap, and as many reviewers have noted, you should come hungry - you can have a much as you want, and do you do want to get your monies worth. There are select items which are available only on weekends, but, price goes up as well at that time. You could easily skip the weekend trip if it's not for a very special occasion. Due to an amazing delay at the border crossing, we arrived hours after our intended reservation - shortly after 9 PM, but were still warmly greeted and seated. We were sat on the comfortable patio, and listened to the live band. The salad bar is a bar of varying salads, of which I would say are neutral at best. Not bad, but not spectacular either. Unlike previous experiences here, the meat was not "fast and furious" but rarely attended to for the first half hour or so. Admittedly, there were few patrons comparative to how it often is, but we were told they will seat you until 10:30 PM. They do have service staff to come and ask if you want anything in particular, or see how it's going, and, true to their promises, at our request to increase the tempo, we were eventually swamped with meat guys. They made sure to grill up extra of whatever we wanted , as it was getting late in the evening. Everything was cooked properly, medium rare with a crisp crust, and well enjoyed. The cheddar cheese stuffed prime rib is still the crowd favourite. Easily recommended with some patience, some cash, and a hearty appetite.
This place was AMAZING! After being in a car for 10 hours we were starving and just looking for some place close to our hotel (Marriott Niagara Falls Hotel Gateway on the Falls).  The drinks were not that great.  I had a caipirinha and my mom had a pinot grio.  The caipirinha was watered down, but its a hard drink to pull off so I give them 3 stars for trying. The food however was beyond delicious.  I was born in Brazil and have gone to numerous Brazilian restaurants in the United States (where I live) and in Brazil.  I have never had such a perfect dinner like I had at Copacabana.  Everything they were serving was great.  The rice, the salads, the meat were all perfectly cooked and with just enough flavoring and salt.  If this restaurant was any closer to where I live I would be eating here every weekend! They also have entertainment (live band) and dancers who were amazing. I highly recommend going here.  You will definitely not be disappointed!
I thought I'd give this place a 5 star because I absolutely love the Toronto location and have been there multiple times but this location doesn't quite compare. Now there are many factors that could have influenced the night and one of them being that I came on a rainy Monday evening (6:30-7:40) I decided to bring my friend here for the first time and convinced her that it was an experience not to miss. We obviously enjoyed the food very much and that definitely did not disappoint especially since we also got some weekend only meat selection! Since there were so few of us in the restaurant, they came pretty often to our table. I was disappointed in the fact that there was no live music, no live entertainment and lastly that the whole place is just SO DARK. As I was heading to the salad bar, I barely saw where I was going. Lastly, and as a tip to all, make sure you tell them you're Canadian (if you are) because they add some tourist tax on it that can easily be avoided. I wouldn't have known this if I hadn't heard this from someone else earlier that day and they certainly won't tell you unless you question your bill. (I doubt they would say you can void that tax if you are Canadian) I would still recommend this place because the food is just amazing and WELL worth the price. Flank steak, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, top sirloin, roasted pineapples and the list goes on! Try coming on a weekday ($37.99) because weekend price almost doubles.
Going in I didn't care how much it was, it was a cold, windy, and just before Hurricane Sandy hit the East Coast I was going to eat as much as I can if I'm going out like that. :) We had to wait for close to hour to get seated.. The bar area was full and there wasn't much of a waiting area in the front of the restaurant. Several times I found myself  in the way of someone trying to make it to their table. On the Fri and Weekends there's 21 grill selections plus the salad bar. Pretty good variety. Of the ones I sampled, the meats were flavored well, evenly cooked and deliciously moist. Dance entertainment was lively. Service was spot on the entire time. No complaints and expectations met. Recommend!
The Grilled Pineapple made the night. Now don't get me wrong, everything at Niagara Falls is overpriced in the FOOD category and mostly POOR!. A Cowboy Ribeye is nearly $80 bucks at Ruth's Chris(20% higher at the Falls) so there was NO way I was paying that especially when I can obtain 18 -28 day Aged Prime from one of the best meat purveyors in the country for 1/4 of the price. But I digress, what you get here is good solid beef, some of it is salty so be careful. The Salad Bar is OK, not spectacular as others might say. They do not have lamb chops as was indicated on the menu (why I picked Copa to begin with) but, the 5 of us had the prix fixe menu and after $70 per person with a drink, I thought a bit pricy, I can see if you are going to eat like tomorrow's the end of the world, then this might be your place. Overall a fun time, very good service, better that the "Other" Brazilian Steak house down the block, and I'd go back if I felt compelled to return to the Falls area.
We were hesitant about being seated on the porch with the cold blowing snow outside but portable heaters kept us toasty. Jessica was a great waitress and Tapa made sure we were served everything we asked for within minutes. The salmon was very good and we loved all of the meats. Chimichurri is delish! Price is reasonable. We have a similar style restaurant in NY and prices are higher and atmosphere is not as pleasant festive and welcoming. The dancers were excellent. Definitely one of the best this area has to offer for the price. We will be back!!
This was the second time I have been to this specific location. We went right at opening so there wasn't as many people and it was much much quieter, which I appreciated. The salad bar was fantastic to start with. I tried as best as I could to not go over board but it was pretty much futile. The choices of cold salads, pickles, olives, different breads, cheeses and fruits were an awesome accompaniment to the meats and the full on entree items were pretty good as well. I had the mac and cheese which was pretty good and the lasagna, which wasn't the best, it had a weird bitter after taste; I didn't bother finishing it. One thing that was an issue with coming early was that not all of the meats were in circulation when we were eating, I think we might have had 7 or 8 of the 17 total varieties there should have been. I understand it probably takes a while to get everything ready BUT seeing we were being charged full price, they should have been available. What we did get, however, was really good (hooray for cheese stuffed prime rib). It all seemed to be cooked in the spectrum of medium rare to medium, which worked well for me as that is my preference, but for those who like it rare or well done, you might be out of luck. The one and only issue I had with what we were brought was that it all seemed over salted, which as I gather is pretty common. Had to drop a star for this reason. Of course the price is as always, pretty high. Usually its an easier pill to swallow considering its a once and a while place to go, plus the selection is great, but seeing this time we didn't get all the meats that were supposed to be available it was a little harder to swallow, especially seeing we went on the weekend and had to pay the weekend price. Had to drop a star for this reason. Overall, the staff were excellent, the setting was great, I'll be back (probably not right at open).  Oh, and the pineapple... sweet Jesus the pineapple. Spit roast with caramelized cinnamon sugar, yum.
At $38, this place is a bargain. The meats were very good, tender with a nice sear. The salad/side dish bar is ok, good enough for the price. I've been to several churrascarias and most are much more expensive. Yes the salad bar may be better, but you give and take. I'd much rather come here than Ruths Chris and pay $60 for a single steak and $10 for a side of potatoes.
I am a little bit in awe by how BAD people's taste buds are after reading most of the reviews... No offence to anyone, but are you kidding me?  5 stars?  4 stars?   3 is really pushing it for this place.  The only reason for giving this place 5 stars is if you are a pure meat and potato person--no, make that a pure meat person, then I can see this place somewhat appealing to you. First off, if you want to find out how the Brazilians do it, here is a quick explanation... en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ch… They had an impressive selection of grilled/BBQed meat on a giant sticks available... unfortunately, the servers would not come to your table consistently.  We kept on seeing the same pork guy every 3 minutes, but not the more pricier filet mignon.   Another turn off for me was the seasoning/flavour of the meats.  I love the way Americans, Greeks, Koreans, Indians do their stuff... but Brazilians, no so much. Here is the thing... the buffet costs forty dollars.  Now, I don't know how big your tummy is, but I cannot finish an 8oz steak by myself.  I am not a large person, but I know that even the largest men are going to be stuffed with a 12oz steak with all the fixings. So do yourself a favour--walk past this restaurant's entrance, take the elevator up and visit the Keg at the Embassy Hotel.  Better service, better view, better food and better price.  And no it is not a buffet, but your steaks will be cooked to order. Let's tally it all up:  Unattentive service, expensive entrance fee, and below average food equals... two stars for Copacabana. (oh yeah, an additional tid bit.. neither of us felt too kosher after the meal)
What I'm about to start by saying is for REFERENCE SAKE ONLY. I am NOT, like so many Yelpers, desperately seeking affirmation regarding my sophisticated yet whimsical culinary lifestyle OR a forum in which I can cite my "oh-so-prestigious and superior to the rest of you peasant cretins" dining credentials (because my expense account let's me dine on the company's $) OR an audience for my latest "this is where I ate today (including McDonalds?-seriously?) submission to the online chronicle of my fascinating life. So here it is: I've been to Rodizio-style steakhouses dozens of times. I love the concept, and am a colossal fan of the MEAT ORGY that is Brazilian Churrascaria. So, FOR THE PURPOSE OF ESTABLISHING THAT I HAVE SOME EXPERTISE ON THE SUBJECT (sorry if that sounded self-absorbed and pretentious), permit me to state that I've been to Churrascaria Plataforma in NYC (several times), Fogo di Chao (in Philly and DC), Greenfield Churrascaria in Queens, Samba N'Brasa in Westchester, and Gaucho's Village in SoCal, among others. That having been said, I respectfully submit that THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST BRAZILIAN CHURRASCARIA/RODIZIO DINING EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!!!!! EVER! Bar none! Case closed! Great selection. Skewer after skewer after sizzling skewer of expertly grilled meats, and superb flavoring and spice variations on the beef, lamb, pork, chicken, even pineapple. Copacabana is parmesan-encrusted, garlic-infused, bacon-wrapped, cheese-supplemented, grizzle-laden paradise. These guys aren't stingy with the selection or frequency of offerings. Great and abundant sides. Solid salad bar (I'd say more than one trip is foolish unless you're a vegetarian, but the salad bar even has paella and a phenomenal seafood medley!). Great atmosphere/entertainment. Dining here was indeed a hedonistic experience and a raucous (in a good way) event. Oh, and it's a bargain (even without the exchange rate)!!! Only $39 Canadian for somewhere between 14-16 different meats. All of the other churrascarias I mentioned are very good, but this place surpasses them all. And so close to Buffalo/WNY!!!! Hallelujah! At the risk of offending hypersensitive, pretentious, proud-travelogue-citing Buffalo Yelpers, I've long lamented the fact that Buffalo lacks some fairly common, mainstream, 21st century restaurant options that cities of comparable size and population have - no quality coal/brick oven pizza, no authentic tapas, a falafel place that doesn't offer shawarma, no authentic or non-cookie cutter Chinese, the best Mexican places got shut down,etc. (Seriously, why doesn't Buffalo have a Dinosaur BBQ when Rochester and Syracuse both do?). But no longer can I include Brazilian churrascaria on the wishlist of "must obtains." The Copacabana is a gem of a steakhouse worth the border-crossing hassles, and worth getting a passport for (come Summer 2009). Would that I could give this place 6 stars...
Dining here, I felt like I was on a vacation, which I was, but I felt like I was in some far off place - Brazil possibly? The atmosphere was perfect. We dined indoors then proceed out to the patio to finally see where the amazing music we had heard all throughout dinner was coming from, and there they were... this INCREDIBLE band playing live music, and beautiful Brazilian ladies performing to it. Everything I experienced that night felt authentic. It was all completely new to me, and I fell in love. I cannot even begin to describe the sensationally seasoned, unbelievably tender cuts of meat that were brought to our table. I wanted 2, or 3, or 4 of everything! There was such variety, and the service was great, we had servers coming to our table quite frequently with the next best thing to try. I'm not a huge fan of meat, but this place certainly converted me, at least for the time I was there. Even the grilled pineapple was delicious. Such a FUN experience. I WISH the Brazilian BBQ in San Diego was half as good. If I'm ever in Niagara Falls again, I will no doubt be stopping back at Copacabana Brazilian Steakhouse.
My girlfriend and I ate here on a Thursday evening last week.  Not terribly busy, and the weather was great, so we sat outdoors.  From our vantage point we could clearly see the aged cover band on the stage playing a variety of forgettable tunes. When the live DJ started spinning soulful housemusic, the evening got better.  As a matter of fact "Boris" the DJ (who I ended up knowing) made the experience at this place bearable.   We went for the food, and what we got $150 later (food, alcoholic drinks, and tip) was the memories of delicious slices of picanha off the skewer, and little else.  The salad bar was large, but had wilted lettuce in the salads, and creamy stuff in most of the other items.  When it was time for the meat, most of the cuts of meat we tried were either overdone, lacking flavor, or just weird (cheese dripping through a hunk of beef was just gross).  One round of picanha steak was medium rare and tasted "off", so we left the unpalatable offender alone.  The manager came to ask us about it, but she didn't do much to rectify the situation, and we never heard complaints from the other patrons with seemingly insatiable appetites. We had a much tastier experience at Copacabana in Toronto last year.  Same owner I hear, so if they are reading this, they really need to get their food act together. Torontonian's are much more demanding when it comes to gastronomic delights, and they won't hesitate to use social media to tell about sub-par experiences.  Oh, and bring Boris to DJ in Toronto as well!
Two words: food coma.  If you have ever been to a Brazilian steakhouse, you will know exactly what I'm talking about.  This restaurant has decent decor, live music, & very cushy booths that you totally sink into.  The buffet itself is about average size, but there is a list of about 15 meats that they deliver directly to your table. When we first were seated, we were immediately greeted by our waitress to get our drink orders in.  The guys bringing around the skewers of meat came by very frequently, so there was always something mouth-watering to try.  They didn't seem to pay attention to the indicator when it was on the "cool it down" side, but perhaps that is because it is a tourist area & not everyone is familiar with how the indicator works.  Unfortunately for us, hubby & I were already full by the time the suckling pig & salmon came around, so we did not get to try those. A bit of a note for anyone who is going to go here... go starving... but take it slow.  Hubby & I ate way too fast & it caught up to us quickly.  The waitress also told us that there is a 2 hour time limit on the tables, so I guess if you're daring, you can stay awhile & get your $37 worth of meat craving.
I just arrived at Niagara Falls and I was absolutely starving from the 6 hr drive up. We found this rodizio place and decided to check it out. When we first walked in, the hostess gave us a quick explanation of the rodizio style and told us 40$ a person. I was VERY turned off by the price but I figured that I'm on vacation; I should live it up this week. It took us FOREVER to get our meats. We sat there waiting and waiting and waiting!!!! We were told they have at least 15 different selections from the grill but we kept getting the samething serve to us again and again. It was pissing me off. The service was absolutely horrible. I felt like this place hired a bunch of skinny, fake baked, bleach blonde, women who cared about how they look in the mirror than the satisfaction of their customers. At the end of our dinner, we had a bill of 110$ American dollars and it was not worth it. I've been to many rodizio style restaurants and this place's food is not worth the 40$ per person. If you feel like spending the money then be my guest and eat here. But I wish I'd save the 100 bucks for shopping.
Me and the girlfriend just went here last week during a stay in the Falls.  We had been to Brasa last year and much preferred CopaCabana. Although we were there on a quiet weeknight with only a few other tables dining, we still had a really good time.  Maybe even a better time than if the place was packed.   Due to the relaxed atmosphere and the "gauchos" (waiters/carvers) not being swarmed, they were constantly on us making sure we had everything we needed and even would come bring us seconds, thirds, fourths of anything we told them we liked.  They were coming around asking us specifically if we had any requests, and if we did, a few minutes later whatever we asked for would come out. I was very happy with the experience and would definitely return!  We didn't get this kind of service at Brasa at all. Highlights and must-try's in my opinion: Rib Eye steak Flank steak Chimichurri steak Bacon wrapped filet mignon Chicken drumsticks Grilled pineapple Deep fried bananas Cornbread muffins Even the sliced leg of lamb and grilled salmon were pretty tasty!  And they gave me a free ice cream bowl for my birthday Would definitely return
Food: 5/5 Service: 5/5 Cleanliness: 5/5 Decor & Setup: 5/5 Five stars all around! Its located in the fun and entertainment section of Niagara Falls, Ontario.  Beautiful, great scenery, live band. Whatever you can think of.  High class but also a fun place where anyone can enjoy. No snobs here! Now remember, its your typical Brazilian restaurant so you'll be spending at least 45 dollars a person!  All you can eat Brazilian meat.  I try to eat until my stomach explodes.  Then I don't eat for two days. Atmosphere is great in that area of town!
Ok. So, I've been to other Brazilian steakhouses before and I really did not like this place.. With tip, the bill was over $100 dollars American. I'm not a cheap person and this place is cheap compared to other places like this, however, it was just that bad of service. The food was decent.. I've had better salad bars at other steakhouses, but we go for the meat so that's fine.. The meat was pretty good.. It didn't seem better than other places I've been to, but was about the same.. I did like the lamb there.. and the pineapple was pretty sweet.. The problem was a really bad waitress who did not properly serve us.. A lot of things you'd expect to get like the fried bananas or any sides were given out very sparingly. We had to stop our waitress to get more water on more than one occassion. How the heck does that happen when there is a waitress station right next to our booth? I ended up letting my gf have the 2 small pieces of banana when it was brought over as I just didn't want it anymore. We expected more than a piece each.. Also, my gf really likes the pineapple at other steakhouses and we ended up waiting a long time for the pineapple as we kept getting passed up.. I really wanted to give this place 0 stars, especially for the price, but there was one guy that actually earned them the star I am giving. He did ask if we got our pineapple yet each time he passed and finally grabbed some and brought it right to us before anyone else.. When it comes to dining out, it's not just the food as that didn't blow me away as something so spectacular.. it's also the service.. With the really sad service, I can say for sure I'm never going back there..
I've only been to two Brazilian styled restaurants, where skewers of meat are brought to your table and carved onto your plate, this being the better of the two. After being seated, access to the salad bar is granted.  They have a large spread of typical salad bar which while good, you are encouraged to fill up on before they start carving meat like nice slices of parmesan encrusted filet mignon for you.   I agree with some other reviewers, occasionally the meat was a bit salty. However for the most part, they had some really good cuts of meat, including suckling pig, lamb, chicken, and various beef cuts.  In the end they finished it off with nice slices of grilled pineapple. We went on a Saturday night, it was about $50 each for the meal, and they had an interesting dance show.  It seemed like a popular place, as it filled up rather quickly.  It is conveniently located directly across from the Embassy Suites.
This was a top recommendation by a lot of locals in Niagara. They made a couple points about the place: first, it's expensive ($38 for the meat option, $25 for the vegetarian option), second it's a buffet, and third the meat servers were eye candy! Did it live up? Expensive was right but was it worth it? Yes... If you're a big red meat eater. I'm a huge red meat fan but I feel it could be a little cheaper. I only recommend this place if you intend to eat a lot considering how much you pay and it's a buffet (both options include the salad bar but drinks are separate so that's an additional amount). Now concerning the eye candy (for the ladies more so than guys), they were alright. Not so impressive :( Now that I got that off my chest, the food was definitely pretty good! The spinach salad and the crab salad were excellent (I ate only so much salad because I left the rest of my stomach for MEAT!). But I do recommend trying the pita-style bread on the bread table near the kitchen... It's amazing! It's fried and reminds me of a churro but I really can't explain. We loved it so much we asked for more when it ran out! Pair this with the grilled pineapple and you've got a dessert. The system for getting the meat to your table is a card with "fire it up" on one side and "cool it down" on the other. Listed on this card are the meats available. Most of them are amazing but my favorite was the bacon wrapped filet!! My one real gripe had to do with our waitress who somehow at the end of our dinner had left with no mention whatsoever that she was leaving. Yah lost of points for Kaleigh. Oh well.
We were just in Niagra Falls.  The outside walkway featured a missing tile with a caution sign for the two nights we visited them.  We were seated at a worn-out booth.  The hostess then seated us in a wobbly table with a light out. There was no one there.  We left to reduce our exposure to a likely terrible experience.   The reason I am writing is that this not a place that one should come to in the off season.  They need VOLUME to provide a variety of fresh meats.  This is true for many of the restaurants in Niagra Falls.  Hotels and casinos might be a better bet.  We fared better at The Keg at the Embassy Suite.
Copacabana has dancing girls and juicy juicy meat! I didn't know the price or the set up when I walked in the door. No one bothered to explain it to me really, but once the meat skewers started showing up I was sold. How it works is there is a buffet of everything from mashed potatoes to calimari salad that you are free to visit as often as you like. The real food is circulated by beefy waiters with chunks of meat on skewers. If you want them to continue to stop by your table with more meat, you turn your card to red, if you want them to stop, you turn it to blue. You will eat too much. The Ontario side of Niagara Falls seems to have distilled a few essential qualities of "Americans" and then magnified it. Lots of "all you can eat" signs decorate the tourist-scape. Given the other similar options I would recommend Copacobana as long as you go in informed. This place is pricy, but each different meat was cooked to perfection. It was delicious and I ate way too much.
Fire the second night of my Brazilian steakhouse extravaganza, Copacabana really to stole the show. Everything is a very upbeat, casual dining experience. Saturday night there was a live band doing covers of songs. Every hour there was a live show featuring live dancers as well as a couple of Brazilian muy Thai dancers. The shows really helped distract from three hour and a half wait for a table. That and the bar. Now where Copacabana win me over was the meats. First up was a bacon wrapped fillet mignon medallion. Wow. I tried the flank streak, spare ribs, ribeye, Brazilian chops, spicy steak. My wife loved the cheese filled ribeye, lamb chops, and parmesan crusted steak. I did not try the pineapple but my wife loved that, however the cinnamon and brown sugar deep fried bananas were to die for. Wow. The wait staff was amazing as well. Very friendly and attentive. Meats slowed later in the evening and i missed a couple that they ran short of. Overall this place stole the show. While the rating is the same the whole experience was great. Highly recommended!
Never have I experienced meat cooked with cheese. I was in heaven. A wonderful experience of gluttony I will never forget! delicioso!
OH EM GEE - ya I said it lol THIS!!! This is the most amazing place ever! Service - FAST, AMAZING, FRIENDLY, and Sexy ;) Ambiance - Wonderful and I hear they have live shows with dancers occasionally Food - WOW! I have never eaten more amazing food than this, the meat is seasoned and cooked to perfection and I mean PERFECT! Its all you can eat, and they have everything from bacon wrapped fillet Mignon to lamb, flank steak, chicken and salmon... I WILL NEVER EAT AT THE KEG AGAIN ... lol I am serious... I never order steak anywhere from any restaurant because I am always disappointed. I am serious people... this place is about an hour and a half from Toronto and worth every minute of the drive! Everyone needs to come here... and bring your family and friends :) the parking lot in the back is small and cost 10$ (worth it) and make reservations so you dont have to wait but if you do have to wait.... its worth every teasing minute... lol How it works... This is buffet/all you can eat. There is a salad/side bar all you can eat and then the servers come to each table with the meat varieties and slice it fresh off the grill for you :) and they give you a coaster with "Fire It Up" to bring more meat on one side and "Cool It Down" on the other side when you need a break! I will definitely make plans to go to Niagara Falls to at here as often as I can! ENJOY
I've been to a number of Brazilian steakhouses, in different cities. I have also been to this location and the location in Toronto numerous times. This time, I was disappointed, but it's still worth a visit. The good: The food is tasty and fresh. The salad bar ($25 without gaucho service) includes quinoa, couscous, many green salads, potato salads, fruit salad, lasagna, rice salads, seafood salads and charcuterie. The meat comes in many different forms, from many different animals. The gauchos were efficient, visited frequently and were helpful and friendly. The so-so: -Some items, listed as 'special for Saturday' (ie larger price tag) were not actually available. The gauchos tried to compensate with larger portions of the other special meats. -Many of the salad bar items are not labeled, but the staff will explain what things are, if asked. The bad: -Our waitress rarely visited. It took us a long time (20+mins) to receive our bill. -We had to ask explicitly (after tracking the waitress down) for the fried bananas and corn bread. -The restaurant automatically tacks on a tourist fee that is not technically allowed. You have to ask to have it removed. Sketchy! -The restaurant gets increasingly louder as the night goes on. By ~630pm (not that late) we were screaming at each other across the 2 person table.
Before entering last night and leaving last night you have to take a perilous journey over a set of slippery tiles. I am not saying this just to complain, someone is going to get hurt. They have a wet floor sign on outdoor tiles, not too classy in my opinion. I have absolutely nothing bad to say about the food. It was delicious and came out frequently. I love cheese so my favourites were the chicken and steak glazed with parm. What I will complain about is the service. The waitress was good up until we paid. You could tell she was working hard for her tips but when we paid and left a 20%+ tip she actually pushed through us while we were getting our coats on to get the cheque. One of the meat servers was rude on several occasions to us. We were always polite when we didn't want something. When we were nearing the end of the evening  we were waiting on a few select choices to finish us off, namely the roasted pineapple. After we refused two cuts of meat he reached across the table and grabbed the coaster that indicates you don't want more and put it down on our table. We discussed his rudeness and when he came back around we tried to explain what we were waiting for. When you pay almost a $100 a person you expect better service.
As a Vegetarian with a Meat eating friend, we found Copacabana a great place to satisfy both of us. The fact that this place has two buffet options - one with the meat - the $40 one and the one for salad bar only - $25 is great. The salad/veggie selection was great. Most of all, this place has lots of eye candy. Yes, I said it. Eye Candy! The handsome men serving the meat were very pleasing to the eye. There were very beautiful dancing girls and lots of beautiful people all over.
It was like 40 bucks (canadian heh heh) for all you can eat meats and a salad bar that's basically a side-dish bar (with good and even fancy side dishes!) and did I say all you can eat meat??? They give you this card and as long as it's face up, they keep coming to your table. We tried pretty much everything, although I stopped taking portions from myself early into it because I could tell this place was going to be trouble (that didn't mean I stopped eating, roundeye kept taking portions and telling me I HAD to try this one hehe).  Pretty much all of their meat concoctions were delicions.  And the grilled pineapple was so good we bit their idea and grilled up pineapple this weekend (pineapple grilled with a little cinnamon and brown sugar).
This place has gone downhill a bit since it opened but how can you hate a place that has 20+ types of skewered meats delivered to your table and carved on the spot? Like chicken?  Here's a slice! Like beef?  Here's a slice! Like pork?  Here's a slice! Like pineapple?  Please sir, leave the whole thing. Apparently they have a pointless section aka a salad bar but I've been told it's delicious...I just can't bring myself to not try the different types of meats they bring to your table.
I enjoyed Copacabana!  Incredible variety and sparkling ambience.  If you're in the Niagara Falls area, give it a try. After seeing Copacabana highlighted on an episode of Street Eats, I was compelled to visit.  On a gorgeous weeknight in July, my partner and I walked there from the Oakes Hotel, and were immediately greeted and seated on the large patio overlooking tourist-draw Fallsview Boulevard.  Natural wood decor, a huge bar area - and inside was the extensive salad bar & bread buffet.  It wasn't jam packed that night, just a sprinkling of families and groups at the early dinner hour. Our server explained how the Brazilian steakhouse works (our first time), and we were set to go!  We were given an impressive list of everything on the grill & over the fire - chicken, lamb, sirloin steak, fish, pineapple, you name it - and the gracious servers with the skewers began their evening parade to our table!  I will vouch for the saltiness of the meat - but tender, juicy, delicious!  You must go on an empty stomach, because there is a enormous amount of food to try. The salad bar was great - cold cuts galore, cheeses, breads, and of course salads!  Nice balance to the neverending selection of meats we were enjoying. For dessert, I had a smashing cornbread and fried plantain offering - yum! On Saturdays, there is dancing and entertainment as other reviewers mentioned, and I hear it's very busy.  But on a weeknight...so pleasant, tasty, laid back, and the perfect end to a wonderful day in Niagara Falls!
Copacabana may be a carnivore's dream I love it a bit price at $40.00 They give you this card and as long as it's face up, they keep coming to your table. We tried pretty much everything,
The variety of steaks, lamb, chicken and grilled pineapple was a never-ending steak consumption party. I liked some of the slaws & banana peppers from the buffet table. As for the meat: I was in a steak heaven. I had slices of flank, top round, prime, skirt, salmon, morrocan chicken & a roasted pineapple. I had 'em medium rare & medium. And, yes.. I DID put away that much food. The treadmill is DEFINITELY calling my name. I can't say we drank much in the way of liquid because some prime real estate was needed in my belly for alla that steak. The bits I thought are worth mentioning are: ambiance: they had a outdoor, LIVE band playing 80s, 90s music. the decor was easy on the eyes. service: was fantastic: new set of plates (2-3), they asked if we wanted to special request cuts of meat, refills on drinks (as if....) meats: the meats would circulate pretty quickly. Fire up/cool down card: self explanatory.... All this for a whopping $39 per person is a pretty sweet deal if you ask me.
As far as Brazilian BBQ places go, it's just average. But that assessment is a little unfair. They've got the full variety of meats and pineapple, the buffet stuff is acceptable enough, and the only thing they're really missing is the cheese rolls. The service is pretty good, and while not all the meat was all that good (and a few of them tasted the same!), some of the meat was indeed quite good. The flank steak, the garlic beef, even the beef ribs weren't bad. Leg of lamb, normally hard to find good, was... well... surprisingly decent. The chimichurri steak was pretty good too.The roasted pineapple, while overly sweet, was also tasty enough. Some friends liked the cheesy meats (literally, cooked/seasoned with cheese) but I wasn't as impressed. The place is crowded and bustling like a club, yet you get enough space to eat comfortably. So is it really good? No. But are you in a tourist spot? Yes. Is it plenty good enough? That it is. 3.5 stars, but I'll be generous and round up to 4.
I love meat so this place was awesome! We were served quickly and our glasses always full. We ate so much meat and roasted Pineapple we were about ready to burst. I only wish we would have went on a Friday or Saturday so we could have caught the dancers. I will be looking for a Brazilian Steakhouse in my area based off our experience (first timers)!
I've been to a number of Brazilian Steakhouses before, including in Brazil and this is one of, if not my favorite outright.  The food was excellently prepared and very tasty, my favorite was the cheese stuffed prime rib.  The staff was great and very attentive.  I cannot even begin to guess how much I ate.  Also, if you go, you have to try the grilled pineapple and the fried banana -- health food, nope, diet buster, you bet!
I'm definitely a meat and potatoes girl, minus the potatoes! Went to Copacabana for the first time last Monday and I think I almost exploded from all the meat! I was slightly intimidated from some negative reviews that I've read from here as well as other websites but the visit changed everything! Service - When my SO and I walked in the hostess was leading another group to their table in the back of the restaurant. The bartender came over and said he would keep us company until she came back. The waitress overall provided the basics but nothing spectacular. The guys who were bringing the meat around were awesome though. The restaurant was almost full with large parties but they never forgot about us! They kept coming over to see if we wanted more meat. And one of them noticed that I was waiting for my last fix of my two faves and sent the meat over right away. Food - Ohhhhhh I am salivating as I remember all the different meats that I had. I mainly focused on the beef and think I pretty much had a try of all the different meats listed on the card. A bonus was that they also had the salmon and beef rib that is suppose to be only available on the weekends. My favourite was the cheese stuffed prime rib!!! When I go back next time (which may be soon) it is definitely because of that. Medium rare slices of prime rib with a mix of cheese..sooo good! I think every piece of meat I had was pretty much medium rare so no overcooking on that part. My second favourite was the grilled pineapple. Had about 5-6 slices before admitting that I couldn't eat anymore. Some things that my SO enjoyed were the lamb, bacon wrapped filet mignon, and the skirt steak. The quality of the meats was pretty good. Most of the cuts were really tender and juicy. Its definitely not the type of quality you would get if you spent $80.00 on a steak but I think it was worth it for the $39.95 I spent and way better than what some of the franchises offer. The salad bar wasn't that large - but who goes for the salad bar there?! I had a bit of prosciutto and cheese and left my tummy for the meat! This was a great experience and I'll definitely be back. May go to the one in Toronto sometime soon and hope that the service and food is on par!
Family of 4, including a non steak eater - he rated it 5 star as the majority of meat was so well cooked and tender to eat.  No grumbles, great food, plenty of food, good (not great) salad bar, very friendly staff and all round nice vibe.  Our boys - 10 and 14 - loved the experience. Must note it was fairly quiet - I suspect the experience would be a notch down on a Sat night.
Awesome meat experience! This place is a bit on the shabby side, and it's pretty loud. Don't worry about that stuff. Get a seat, grab a plate, head for the salad bar for your potatoes (and, oddly, a really, really good lasagne), sit down....and wait for it! You will be provided with an actual parade of meats, each one grilled and seasoned to perfection!! The grilled pineapple is worthwhile as well. Service was decent and there were lots of opportunities to order more drinks or get a fresh plate for the salad bar. Go here!
This was my first time at a rodizio style restaurant.  And I definitely had a great experience here.  It is located across from the Embassy Suites.  First off, avoid the salad bar in order to get your money's worth.  When you come to places like this, you come for meat, not salad bar items,  If you eat less salad bar, you eat more meat. There is a card at each table with two sides: "Fire it up" and "Cool it down".  Fire it up will tell the waiters to keep bringing the meats.  Cool it down will tell them to stop.   There is a large variety of meats such as garlic parmesan sirloin, Bacon wrapped filet mignon, grilled salmon, and lots more. Copacabana is quite pricy, about $48 a person. I definitely recommend it to tourists
We went on a Saturday night in August and it was packed. The crowd: Jersey Shore meets the Russian mob! I don't know why this place attracts this crowd because the food is decent. The place: Although the ambiance (if you can call it that) is more like a worn out night club with music pumping full blast, the food is really good. The food: Can you say meat sweats! $50/ person and basically all of the meat you can eat. They carve the meat off of a huge skewer and they're not shy with the portions. It just kept coming. They give you card with a green light on one side and red light on the other meaning I do/don't want more meat. They pay no attention to it. You keep getting meat. Plan to do nothing else that night but DIGEST. Great food, sketchy ambiance and sometimes sketchier crowd but still a decent affordable dinner for Niagara Falls.
Awesome. The service was a stand out! Self serve salad bar with all types of meat and steak being serves at your table. This is definitely a place to check out as the experience by itself warrants a first visit but the food and service will definitely have you coming back.  Don't worry about all the other restaurants in the immediate area. This is a must in Niagara Falls!!!
worth the money if you're a huge meat-a-tarian. I wish the cold salad bar was a little bit more better. seems like they put all the flavor into the meats and the salad bar was an after thought. the live dancers and loud music can be a bit of a turn off if you're really just looking for dinner and not a club scene. the grilled pineapple is a must try!!
From start to finish this place deserves 6 or more stars. The minute you walk in, you are welcomed by beautiful hostesses. Upon being seated, one of the waitresses (all are beautiful) explains the simple procedure of using your "Fire it up" or "Cool it down" placard. The bountiful salad bar is worth a little taste, but don't overfill your plate as the "Party" of MEAT hasn't started yet. Then the never ending parade of meat begins....The friendly and proficient meat servers arrive with skewers of beef, pork, lamb, chicken, and turkey all seasoned to perfection. Then nice little surprises are added ...like sugar roasted pineapple (to die for), melted mozzarella patties, corn bread muffins, garlic bread, and deep-fried plantains. They actually also offer a dessert menu, but good luck on leaving enough room for any of that. During your stay you will be entertained by beautiful Brazilian style dancers and a Marshall arts exhibition....both performances are just amazing.  Well worth the trip from any western New York location.
Know 2 things - this place isn't cheap and you shouldn't eat for a couple of days before you go!  Know that we've gotten that out of the way, let me tell you - t his place is great!  The service was fabulous.  We had a great seat so my husband could get an eyeful of the dancers (LOL).  The dancers were beautiful, and they interacted so well with a number of small parties that were there.  They gave "lessons" a couple of times during our dinner.  The food was excellent.  It just keeps coming.  The grilled pineapple was to die for.  Just get a little bit at a time so the cute latin servers keep coming to your table ;)
Good food, and entertainment. If you're looking for a quiet place this isn't it
Just ok. If you've had really good Brazilian steakhouse, this is not for you.  Salad bar was quite lame, all the meat was all well done, but still juicy. The place was half empty, but we were still waiting for drinks. There was a good band playing at least. Wasn't a terrible experience but not a great value either.
Great salad bar and entertainment, but pricey $40 per person and the meats extremely salty!!!  Wouldn't go back, felt I paid $40 for a salad bar.  I heard the Brasa is much better and just around the corner.  Been to better rodizio style restaurants.
Loved this place. It was a busy Saturday night but the staff was attentive, the food was delicious and ample, and the atmosphere was bumpin'!! Absolutely loved this place, even though a drink was spilt on me just after sitting down(which the staff made up for with some free booze), my boyfriend and I had a great time and definitely will be back!
A+. Food, service, location all superb.
This was my second time at a Brazilian Steak House and my husbands first. We loved the Copacabana. The meats were delicious . The pineapple and banana deserts are awesome! No waiting time and the waitress and servers were very friendly. Plan on celebrating our 9 year anniversary there.
Had a great meal and time. Would recommend this place to anyone. We were looking for a nice place to eat but did not want to spend a fortune (things are really expensive in Niagara Falls, $40 for a steak at TGIF, give me a break) I searched the Internet and found the Copacabana, called and asked for a reservation, directions and price. The price was $38 per person for the all you can eat meat extravaganza. The place was right across the street from our hotel (Embassy Suites). We were promptly seated and the fun began. We started with some items from the salad buffet then the meat started arriving at our table side. They boast 17 varieties of meat and we saw them all. About 5 minutes into our meal the salsa dance show started right next to our table. It was great entertainment. The meat servers kept coming by nonstop, offering us slices of this and chunks of that. It was overload. They have many, polite and efficient servers. Did I say 17 varieties of meat! It was delicious. Our favourites - The roasted pineapple, Top sirloin, rib eye, skirt steak. Plus the cornbread they served was excellent. I'm ready to go back.
This place is overpriced.  The meat wasn't that good.  The service it crap.  Go somewhere else.
The food is excellent, the steaks exquisite,  we love Brazilian steakhouses and this is probably the best, we did eat here before and had no complaints, this time the service was not upto par however . It was a weekday perhaps and our party was a big one but we will definitely go back as it is one of our favorite steakhouse!
To feel like you get your money's worth, go there starving. Food is very good. Don't be shy to ask for exactly the meat you want because they will come around with the dry chicken and avg sausage. LOAD UP on the grilled pineapple.
We went on Christmas eve and had a blast. The meat was delicious, especially the bacon wrapped fillet and the beef ribs. Drinks are extra and there are no refills, so we tend to stick with water. Its pricey but so very worth it!
My husband and I decided to try this place while on a weekend get away. It was absolutely amazing. We were there on a bit of what seemed a slow night but because it was a slow night we had the staff at our table every couple of minutes with more of the meat. You of course have to be a meat eater but OMG even if you're not try this food and you'll change your mind. Everything was cooked to perfection. Even the dessert was to die for. I would highly recommend this place to everyone. This place is why we tried the Toronto one- which was good but this one in my opinion out does the Toronto one.
