Ordered 2 sandwiches at the counter.  Random table number was given.   Food arrived in good time.  Yummy.   Biggest pieces of falafel I've ever seen.  Not disappointed at all.  Open late on a Sunday night.
This is by far the worst, poorly managed hookah bar I have ever stepped into! We walked in and were seated in a timely manner and handed two menus. 10 mins later someone comes by and asks if we had ordered I said not yet, meanwhile two tables that were seated after us left because of no service.  We then ordered a hookah pot of tea and baklava.  5 mins later the bring the baklava which was good. Then the waiting game began, after 30 mins we gave up got up paid the bill for the baklava which was $9 ridiculous! And left the waiter kept apologizing.  It does not take 30 mins to make tea or hookah! TRY TO AVOID!
This is what the business says about itself: "CASABLANCA LOUNGE - SHISHA BAR & CLUB - 5815 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, Ontario - Over top of 'The Hip Hop Shop' located in the heart of Niagara Falls' Tourism District. Casablanca is a highly awaited restaurant/club venue opening for the public with exquisite foods ranging from the finest Shish-Kabob, specialty fried chicken, Shawarma and the best of the grill that the Niagara Falls region has to offer. Casablanca is also equipped with a full-scale Shisha lounge located in the top of the facility, serving many flavors of the highest quality (Hookah) Shisha. With a relaxing atmosphere, surreal ambience and warming colors, Casablanca Lounge is most definitely a place to visit either endeavoring Niagara's night life, or just looking for an enjoyable way out from the everyday norm. Give us an hour for your heart!" That (above) must be pretty dated because they picked up the location across the street instead. The outdoor patio is nice, and in a very touristy area of Niagara, lots of street traffic. Slightly expensive at $3-4 a coffee/tea.. which is just standard issue folgers (tastes like it anyways) or a tea bag + water. Though it does make sense because if you're chillin with the shisha pipe(s) you will get thirsty... and so they probably make a lot of profit from these over priced drinks. The food is good, shawarma is pretty solid however they have no idea whats in it. I overheard a lady asking if there was peanuts or peanut sauce in the shawarmas and she went through four employees before she was told "we don't know." I guess her son who was allergic to peanuts had a coffee instead. Oh its worthy to note that their "shawarma sauce" comes from a pre-made, stored vat in the back. mmmmmm yummy lol The shisha is my main focus for this review, because I was excited to find a shisha restaurant in Niagara. To my disappointment the shisha was so horrible I couldn't even smoke it. What a waste. It was herbal, which they claim they only sell, however on another visit to this place I talked the owner into hooking us up with the proper Al-Fakher shisha tobacco.. which after him denying and me telling him "i know you don't smoke that herbal crap" he offered me the real deal. Though it was minimum 4 pipes and at $20 a pop. For $80 I could buy a shisha pipe, a tub of Al-Fakher tobacco, a couple rolls of Three Kings coal, and still have money left over for some coke or red bull to fill in the bowl. I would still visit this place for their street meat-ish shawarmas and to chill on their patio. I guess its the experience you pay for, however my shisha experience here wasn't that great. Maybe I'll try to sneak in my own pipe next time :)
Disclaimer: we only had the hookah here. It was pretty cheap, included a second charcoal, and the double apple wasn't bad. The strawberry was a bit too... too much heat from the charcoal, I think it was. We cooled it off a bit and it wasn't bad. Definitely weird to be at a Lebanese food, Baskin Robins, and halal pizza place all in one though. Not sure I'd want to try the food here...
People behind the counter are nice and friendly. Food however is marginal at best. Prices are bit high however not out of control.
This is a Lebanese food, Baskin Robins, halal pizza place all in one. Oh yeah and apparently a hookah bar of some sort. Typical fast food conglomerate in Tourist Trap central.  It is notable only because it served the worst shawarma I've ever had; the chicken was dry and virtually flavorless.
We did not try the hookah or Lebanese food, but the plain cheese pizza for $8.00 (medium sized pizza) was not bad at all considering the price. We only tried the carry out, so can't comment on the service, but if you are looking for a regular pizza at a reasonable price, you can't beat this place. The other place, Boston Pizza charged me $21 for the same-sized pie!
Decent food but prices are a bit steep, again that's expected considering the location. Didn't try the hookah bar but there's a baskin and robbins and pizza right inside so that was nice.
