At first glance, I doubted the freshness and health conditions that this restaurant gave off. However, my family and I were trying to avoid the awful tourist traps while saving a couple of bucks. We looked to stop at their menu and the guy who was flagging people down offered to give us a 15% discount if we ate there. Sounds kind of desprate, but we were starving and the place wasnt as cheesy as all the other tourist attractions and chain restaurants. First of all, giving us the 15% coupon earned lots of points in customer service. Plus, we were seated right away and the waitress gave our drinks in seconds. The place is actually clean, comfortable, and even has open windows so that there's air for us to breathe. The appetizer that we ordered came to our table really fast and our food was delicious. The pomodoro red sauce tastes fresh and flavors were mixed pretty well. I gave 4 points and not 5 mainly because they rarely checked in on us for anything. I had to flag them down in order to get refills constantly. When this place gets busy, the waiters/waitresses forget about you sometimes. Overall, this place was definitely satisfying. I recommend going here for dinner if you want to avoid all those tourist traps near the Falls and actually spend your money's worth on a delicious meal.
I sent a drink back for the first time in my life. The Spicy Olive has a tempting menu of martinis.  I highly recommend that you ask for a mixed drink instead.  At least four of the drinks on that menu come from a dispenser, and the mix just isn't right.  I ordered a Hazelcream Martini for $7.  I have never complained about a drink before, but this cocktail tasted of only milk.  I did not detect any alcohol or even any flavor. The bartender was polite and said she would make me another drink.  She also called over another bartender to ask about the hoses to the drink dispenser, and he went to go check on the system.  She made me a Cosmopolitan (a proper drink - not from a hose) and it was just like a cosmo should be. It was around 10pm on a Friday...where the hell was everybody?  When we arrived, there were maybe 2-3 tables occupied, but we were soon the ONLY patrons in the bar.   Spicy Olive has a large enough space to accommodate even a DJ, who started to set up just before we were ready to leave.  Suddenly, the music changed to upbeat, Latin music, and three of the waitresses began traipsing around the restaurant, singing loudly in Spanish and dancing in a conga line.  Then the music went back to normal, and the bartender looked up at us, shook her head and laughed. I can't make this shit up. When the music and mood changed, I felt like dancing. But there was nobody else in here, and dancing by myself after one drink isn't going to happen.  We left, hoping to find a more lively spot elsewhere...
I've been here a few times on Saturday nights for drinks. Great crowd and live music both times. Staff were friendly, service was good, and it was clean.
Our server was nice, but service was lacking (no drink refills or regular check ins). Food was fine, but nothing to write home about. We ordered the nachos which were basically white chips, a LITTLE cheese, a ton of banana peppers, and lots of olives. Flavor was OK but not worth the cost. If I had it to do over again, I would try somewhere else.
Mario would be happy to know that we came back, and were pleasantly surprised.   Our first night in Niagara Falls, we met Mario on the sidewalk outside this restaurant.  He tried his best to convince us to come in, but we just weren't up for Italian food.  He was really good at convincing us though, because we came back the next night.   We shared salads and a Toscano pizza.  It was really amazing.  Fresh, just as described, and a perfect meal for two.  Everything on the menu looked great.  I think they had lots of pasta choices and more pizza.  The atmosphere was open air, perfect for the first day of summer.  I wish I could go back!
Spicy Olive is a quality restaurant at the top of Clifton Hill where you won't be totally overwhelmed by cheesy tourist mania and you'll be able to eat a fairly quiet meal with decent service.   This restaurant is not standout by any means -- the food was decent quality and fairly priced for the area, which is to say expensive for most areas.   We had a stuffed chicken breast which was good and flavorful but lacked consistent stuffing -- it was mainly a piece of prosciutto and the cheese all squished out on the first bite.  Still, decent. The caesar salad was the creamy variety, and very good if you like a creamy caesar, which fortunately I do. The "massa" pizza is basically pepperoni with basil, and they recommend you drizzle the spicy olive oil (read: olive oil with red pepper flakes) onto it.  I did so, and it made it much better than without anything on it.  I also added pepper and parmesan cheese -- better still!   If you are looking for a decent meal without flashing lights and cartoon character tie-ins, this might be your bet on Clifton Hill.
We ordered a pizza recommended by the server. It was very good as was the appetizer.  The server was helpful and kept our drinks filled. I would not hesitate to return here if visiting the falls again.
Stopped there for dinner with kids. Very good overall experience. Calamari were done very nicely, not over breaded. Probably the best nachos I had in a long while - dry roasted and crispy. Pasta was perfect - especially penne alla vodka with red onions and pancetta. Service was nice, friendly and prompt. Highly recommended!
From best to worst: Great service Good atmosphere Good calamari So-so pasta Bland caesar salad Expensive (but maybe not, if you consider the area)
I've only been here for the night life and it's always been awesome. I've been here twice on a Saturday night and both times they had an fantastic live band. Lot's of people and just a really good, fun vibe. Long wait for drinks, but what are you gonna do?
I was craving a sandwich for lunch. A real sandwich, not a pseudo one from Subway. We walked down Centre Street and gave up at the very end. Luckily, we wound up at the Spicy Olive. They have a lunch special with a salad and sandwich... so that's what we got. The sandwich tasted fresh, even though it was cooked; the tomato tasted like it had just been sliced open. What a great fresh, light, and tasty lunch! The place seems kind of pretentious, like an Olive Garden waiting to pull in tourists, except it's all the way at the end of the tourist trap and hidden away. Touristy or not, it was quality Italian food. Italian food is generally pretty good yet overpriced, but it's really hard to find Italian food that's uhhh-mazin'. It's a shame this place is all the way in Canada; I'd love to go back.
Great experience here. It's day 7 of 9 of a vacation with family. I was in dire need of a quiet (non-consensus based) solo meal, and this place certainly  delivered! Attentive, but non-intrusive service. Awesome garlic shrimp appetizer smothered in melted cheese (oh yeah!) and delicious, perfectly cooked salmon for an entree. Strong cocktails, too. Good value for the price, but could definitely get expensive for a large party w/ a vacation budget. But for me, it was just what the doctor ordered!
Ate there with my wife and 22-year old daughter.  The food was pretty good (pizza, lasagna, and Caesar salad with chicken) and reasonable priced, but the service deteriorated as the restaurant got more crowded.
For being a some what normal Italian place it was pretty good. The price was right, and the mixed drinks made were generously portioned. The bread they serve is just regular loaf bread which is a bummer, but when you consider what you get from the day-light robbery institutions down the street, it's definitely one to consider. Plus our waitress was really nice as well.
I was not at all impressed. During my recent visit to Niagara Falls, ON, it was made pretty clear that dining anywhere in the area is overpriced and ridiculously expensive. I know the area is a tourist hot spot and prices will be higher but all I ask is that the overall experience help to justify the prices. That was a negative here at the Spicy Olive. It is a fairly average Italian restaurant. The food was decent tasting but definitely not worth nearly as much as they charge. We later found out, after exploring some more, that we could have eaten at a buffet right in from of the falls for the same amount of money. Dining right in front of Niagara Falls. Now that's an experience that could potentially justify overpriced food. Spicy Olive did not make the cut.
Spicy Olives is a huge let down in service.  Came here on a Saturday in July and this was a huge disappointment. They can't make a basic drink and have a very limited selection at the bar. The female bartenders were awful. Took 10 min to be acknowledged and then they incorrectly made a "vodka tonic" twice. When I told them something was wrong with the tonic, she was very unkind and snapped at me. She then put tonic in a glass and pushed it at me telling me to "try it." When I again confirmed something was wrong with it, she said 'Oh well. I already remade it." Not sure if they are just  unaware of the difference between tonic and seltzer or if she was trying to discourage customers from staying at the bar. Needless to say, despite the good music, I didn't even drink the incorrectly made drink that I already paid for! !!  If you work in the service industry, you should try to be hospitable. Thumbs down in service.  Beware!! I wouldn't go back.
Basic layout, nothing original or out of the ordinary, you could find this type of place in any City in Canada. Basic and safe food.
The very essence of a 3 star restaurant. Food was good (pizza was decent) and more importantly, for the area, reasonably priced. Service was terrible; 8 tables and 4 waitresses who were more content to shoot the breeze than wait tables. Decent choice if you are in Clifton Hill and want a cheap meal
Not many to places to pick from in this area, but of all the places we ate this was pretty good.  Service was great, food was good., wine list was very weak.  Three of us had the Arrabiata pasta that we really liked.  We almost went twice because there were so few to choose from with out getting fried bar food.
We stopped here for lunch while visiting Niagara Falls.  The food was good, however the portions were a little small and the service was slow.
