It's alright. The new outlet mall in Niagara-On-The-Lake is better. I think what this location has going for it is the fact that it is right in Niagara Falls, and some shops that are not available at Outlet Collection (Coach outlet and lululemon outlet specifically). Now that there are two options check out the websites for both and then make your decision.
We came here for the Lulu Lemon Outlet, I like there hoodies, nice and this and don't easily stretch out of shape, but for $108 I can't justify the expense, at $65 here was a nice find, only one left, and it was my size, and in goes with everything black. We did peruse other shops, but didn't find anything else of any worthwhile savings. It wasn't great weather to be walking around a plaza, so we just hit the stores we wanted and headed to the hotel.
This strip mall outlet does not stack up compared to the new Outlet Collection in Niagara on the Lake or Premium Outlets in Milton. Definitely not worth a special trip. However, I stopped by when I was in the area specifically to check out the Lululemon outlet (only one in Ontario). I did find a couple items, but overall was disappointed. The discounts are not very substantial (yoga pants $70-90, tanks $30-50, sports bras $30-40, hoodies $90). It is pretty much like the sale rack at a regular Lululemon store, except with more selection. I did find the variety of colours and sizes decent. There were a lot of solid colour items, rather than just the crazy prints that are difficult to match. It was also nice that they had some discontinued styles, but also newer styles (I saw several items that are currently on sale in the regular stores). They carry mens stuff as well. Don't think I'll be back, but if you are a big lululemon fan and are going to buy stuff regular price anyway then it might be worth checking this outlet out.
I have been to better Outlet than Canada One Factory Outlet. I even been to better shopping mall than what they offers here. Not much deals and a lot of the merchandises I would not even be interested even if they are 50% off clearance. If you are in the area and you just want to walk around and take a break from wine tasting or to use this as a washroom stop.....
This outlet mall is 'okay'. I come here for the Coach store mostly but they also have Tommy Hilfiger, Jones of New York, Michael Kors and other brand name stores. I've only ever been here during the week so I've never experienced any crowds or line ups to get into stores but I can certainly see the potential for such. The only thing I really don't like about the outlet is that it's in a strip mall fashion so you have to go outside to get to each store. Not so nice if the weather is miserable.
Canada One is a strip plaza kind of outlet centre, nestled in between a row of inns and family hotels on either side, and a ramada across the street. It's in a pretty good location, about a 10 minute ride away from the falls and Clifton Hill, so it's bound to attract tourists. I've been here a few times and I wouldn't give this outlet centre more than a 2.5 Stars(rounded up). I'll tell you why. The Nike store, Adidas, Sony, Roots, Danier, Coach and Mexx are the main attractions at this shopping centre, and it also contains a couple of fast food joints, however. Canada One has been a little tedious for me. I've never really been enthralled by the variety, nor by any discounts. At the most I would hit up the body shop if I happened to be here anyway, since it's a larger store with more products. If you're in a mood for shopping, I heartily suggest skipping over the border to Buffalo.
Standard outlet mall with really standard stores...nothing to exciting here.
This place has definitely gone through some changes through out the years. The addition of coach and a micheal kors outlet makes it a lot busier than usual. Be prepared to stand in line if you plan on hitting up coach - the selection isn't as amazing as the line up leads you to think. A majority of the things are discontinued merchandise from overseas that they never released here. MK has a pretty decent selection from the more affordable end of his line. All of the other stores, Guess, Nike, Bluenotes are typical stores that have been pushed out of the malls already. I am hoping the food court gets revamped next. At the end of a long day of shopping, I can't wait to dig into a whopper - said no one. ever.
This outlet is only worth a visit if the line to go over to the States is too long, or if the Canadian dollar is ridiculously low. It's confusing to see stores like Urban Behavior at an Outlet mall. Aren't their products cheap enough already to match their cheap quality? Most people visit this outlet to stand in line outside Coach for up to 50% off handbags. Michael Kors doesn't have a line up, so you might want to go there first. These are the only two brands worth going to this Outlet mall for, as other stores like Mexx and Nike Outlet price their products similar to their stores in Vaughan Mills. Besides being a nice rest stop with a decent food court, the stores at Canada One Factory Outlet are a tad underwhelming.
I would echo what the other Yelper had stated.  Overall it was okay.  There were some deals had however for the most part, had we not forgotten our passports, we probably would have headed over the US side for outlet shopping.  Location was key to us deciding to check it out as it was really only a 10 minute drive from our hotel.   The plaza is a large square horse shoe shape in an outdoor strip mall setting.  There's a Burger King and a Coffee place.  Other speciality stores included a Rocky Mountain Chocolate factory, and Sony Store.  Not all the stores are outlets however the main ones mentioned previously are.   Free parking.
This place is vastly overrated for something labelled a factory outlet.  A lot of the outlets they have in the US are a full blown mall with all factory outlet stores.  This place is more of a strip mall with some outlet stores.  The outlets can't handle the parking situation most of the time with many tour buses visiting here! Besides the Coach store most of the stores are dead.  Going through the Nike, Reebok, Sony, Levi's and a handful of other stores there really aren't the fantastic deals that I see in the US outlets.  If you have your passport I'd head over the the outlets in Niagara Falls New York.
Some stores have really good deals, but I don't think some others qualify as "outlet" stores since the prices are similar to full price. Some brand name stores, which is cool, but if I'm going to go outlet shopping, I think I'd prefer to just do the drive across the border.
Parking lot is packed during the day, less so in the evening.  Many of the "outlet" store have exact same merchandise and prices as stores closer to home.
