I can't believe I haven't been back here yet. This place to such a perfect place for a date night. Small and intimate with low lighting and great atmosphere. We had reservations and were quickly seated upon arrival. The bar was packed with people chatting with wine of cocktails - not sure if they were waiting for tables or just there for a drink, but it seems like a cozy place to do so. We started with the meatball bruschetta, which is amazing! You get huge flavorful meatballs on top of perfectly crispy grilled bread. For the mail meal I order a special that night, Lamb steak, which was heaven. Now, I am a lamb lover, so I jump at the chance of a good lamb dish.I haven't seen anything like this before. It was a huge bone-in steak that was perfectly cooked and barely had that gaminess lamb usually has. I enjoyed every last bit of that meal. Service was friendly and helpful. The waitress was attentive and very knowledgeable of the menu. We had brought our own bottle of wine, which has a $15 corkage fee, but when the bill came we had been charged for a bottle of wine. When we brought it up to the waitress to correct, she promptly fixed it and even removed the corkage fee altogether - an unnecessary, but very generous gesture.
Adam and I came here as part of his birthday celebrations when he wanted only pizza for an entire day. After asking my fellow yelpers I decided this would be a great place to have dinner and enjoy each others company. I looked at the menu and the website and made reservations ahead  of time and I suggest everyone else does the same as this is a very small place and each table is booked for at least 1 and 1/2 hours. We got there on time for our 5:30 dinner reservations after a little bit of confusions on where we should be parking and whether or not we could even fit in the super tiny lot and then were the actually back entrance was. We struggled because the door to the kitchen was open making it difficult to see where the entrance door was. Anyways we got it in and we were seated right away and given our menus and some water and then we sat there, and sat there, and continued to sit there for 10 minutes before someone even came over to great us and see if we wanted a drink other than water. I decided to stick with the water and Adam got a beer. Being that it took so long to even get someone to acknowledge us we decided to take advantage of having the waitress and we ordered our food, after 10 minutes and a small menu, we already knew what we wanted. We waited the perfect amount of time before our food came out - probably because our waitress didn't gave to bring it to us. As soon as the food came to our table she rushed over to see how it was -- we hadn't had it yet so we couldn't determine that. Afterwards, we didn't se our waitress again until our meals were finished. I am a quick eater and I finished probably 10 minutes before Adam and she did not come clear my plate and then we waited another 10 minutes before someone can and picked up Adams. We knew we weren't going to have dessert so I asked for our check right away. They were obviously very quick to get our money so we didn't have to wait to be finished then. Our food was good. I loved the pepperoni on the pizza's that we ordered as well as the cheese. I felt the crust was lacking and it was super flimsy and a little soggy which I didn't like. I loved that the restaurant gave scissors to cut your pizza as I grew up cutting my pizza with scissors and still do. I really have to say the reason we won't be back is because of the service. Just because a place books a party for at least 1 and 1/2 hours doesn't mean I want to sit there for 1 and 1/2 hours. We could have easily been done in about 45 minutes but since we were left waiting around it took an hour and 10 minutes.  Also, we were never really checked up on, no one came to great us in a timely manner and no one cleared our table in a timely fashion. I just didn't think the pizza was good enough for that sort of hassle.
Rocco makes for the absolute perfect date night.  Everything is spectacular from beginning to end, including service, food, presentation, and ambiance.  I am completely head over heels with this place, and someday when I'm rich, I'm going to come here every month.  Until then, $100+ dinners are out of my price range on the regular, but this will be my go to fancy night out from now on.   Let's start with the service.  Friendly.  Helpful.  Knowledgeable.  Approachable.  Attentive. Perfect.  Mark is everything that you want in a server.  He knows all of the special little touches that take the experience from a typical night out to something worth remembering. Drinks.  I ordered the special of the night, which was amazing. I can't give you any more details than that because I'm a jerk, but let me tell you, you should get it.  Dude ordered his typical Manhattan and loved every drop, which on its own is no small feat.   The food. OH MY GOD THE FOOD.  We ordered the burrata. For Pete's sake. Order the burrata.  It is absolutely what made the meal.  I can't even explain how amazing it is.  We also ordered special salad; fresh mozzarella and asparagus.  It was incredible.  It is probably the best fresh mozzarella that I have ever had in my life and I eat my fair share of cheese. At that point, I was pretty stuffed. I truly didn't need to order and entree, and next time I might skip it all together and fill all of my empty stomach space with BURRATA.  I did get the pasta with eggplant and it was great.  I mean. Nothing next to the burrata, but that is a huge bar to climb over.  The man ordered some kind of steak that I didn't pay attention to, ya know, cause of the meat thing, but he was the happiest I have seen him in quite some time. We chose not to have dessert, but instead a nice limoncello.  I was much too full to fit more food into me and I kind of regret that decision.  Next time, because there will most certainly be a next time.  Our anniversary is coming up.  This calls for celebration and from this day forward, celebration and Rocco are synonymous.
Visited Rocco for the first time over the summer. We didn't have a reservation, but they had a cancelation and were able to fit us in! The meal was great, nice Caesar salad, very good pizza, and we had really good meatballs with garlic bread. I look forward to trying it again.
The food was amazing! Had the sword fish special , aranchini. Service was not great. Server had limited personality  and I think a smile would of hurt her. I have been in the food and beverage industry for over 30 years. Service is just as important  and the food....will I go back? Yes but will request someone else to serve me.
I really, really wanted to love this place because of all the good things I've heard, but I will not be back, and it's not because of the food. The food was good (I got the linguine with green garlic and clams and, save for the box linguine, it was fine. Not brain surgery to drown dinner in garlic, but it was garlic week, and I'm not complaining. Gimme all the garlic.) My sister commented that the pork was 'dry as hell' but the garlic budino was interesting (consensus: tasted like Cheez-Its) and roasted peaches are always enticing. The burrata was deeeeelicious, and the corn soup got rave reviews from my mother. So kind of hit or miss, but mostly good. The service, on the other hand, was depressing at best. I made it my personal mission to get this woman to smile at me, and I failed miserably. I was overly appreciative while she cleared my plate, even as she reached half her body across my dad to get his silverware (without even an 'excuse me'). She barely acknowledged us. I was nervous to ask her for anything, and when I asked for parm for my pasta, she came over with a block and a grater and said, 'Well I guess I could grate it for you.' I'm sorry this place is too shi-shi for pre-grated parm for occasions such as this, but I would rather you have said 'We don't do that' than make me feel as though I am an inconvenience to you. Others have commented that they're quick to drop the check, and they're right. After horrible service, she wasted no time in getting us out of there. And we were happy to oblige.
Raised my expectations because it was listed on google as one of the top restaurants....  It was okay. Not memorable. The arancini was delicious, freshly fries and piping hot. The sauce was not so special. Also got the smoked salmon pizza, and then the anchovy Caesar salad which I am still unsure how it tasted due to my screwed up taste buds from the arancini and the nachos (see Dorado's). Service was okay, nothing to  rave about (see Biaggi's)
Home again in Texas, I will sometimes say to my husband- "wish we could eat at Rocco's in Rochester tonight." This place is really, really good. Highest marks for atmosphere, service AND food. The small dining room comes across as cozy and feels very romantic and intimate. Most importantly, the food. We shared their insalata italiano "rocco" with lettuces/roast peppers/salumi/olives & provolone. A simple salad, but hearty and more than enough to share. For my entree, I had their lasagne alla pizzaiola (pizza-maker's-style) which was, I'm pretty sure, the best I've ever had. Looking around at the other tables, I can tell you, everything looked delicious! Definitely the real deal in Rochester. Every town needs an Italian restaurant this tasty!
Extremely romantic, intimate restaurant with an authentic feel. The food was absolutely incredible, the service left nothing to be desired and to top it off, we were serenaded by an opera singer in Italian. I was on a double date with my best friend who speaks fluent Italian and she was incredibly impressed by the singer as well. It's a small place, so I would not suggest this for large get togethers, but rather for small gatherings where you're not going to be extremely loud. I see on a few other reviews that some don't like how close the tables are together but in Italy and in Europe in general, this is the norm for restaurants and makes it all the more authentic. I've been to restaurants in Italy where you are seated at the same table with other diners - so this is actually how it is! I appreciate Rocco's for recreating that kind of atmosphere.
My boyfriend had made reservations at Rocco for an anniversary dinner and we were promptly seated when we arrived. We tried 2 pizzas - the funghi e fontina di aoste (mushroom and white truffle oil) and the special of the day - and I found both to be overly salty. We also ordered the lasagne which was nothing special EXCEPT that we added a meatball which was delicious. The meatball was only $2 extra and a pretty good chunk of meat. Overall the food was just okay and likely overpriced.
Excellent food, wine, service and ambiance! Have been there multiple times and never had even an ok dish. Highly recommended!
If you don't save room for the butterscotch budino, then punch yourself in the face. If you're allergic to nuts, bring am epi-pen, because it is worth anaphylactic shock. The blood orange martini will make you cash in your AA chips. The slow cooked pork is luxurious, the fresh ricotta is divine (and I'm not a fan of ricotta) the pizzas are always perfect. Share a bunch of food, don't be stingy.
Rocco is great! Every time I go here I end up leaving happy and wondering why I don't go more often. This last Friday my girlfriend and I were going on a date and chose Rocco. We got lucky and were seated outside immediately with no reservation. This was much to our surprise, so much so the host mistook our bemused looks for dissatisfaction and asked if we were OK with the table. We were, of course. After sitting down our waiter Mark came over to introduce himself. It had been more than a year since I'd been to Rocco but I still remembered Mark. He's an excellent waiter. Very knowledgeable, super friendly, prompt but not overbearing, keeps your water full but doesn't hover. Truly a class of waiter you don't often see in Rochester. We started with mixed drinks and appetizers. The drinks were both plenty good, but nothing remarkable. The appetizers on the other hand were amazing. We had fresh mozzarella and an asparagus salad. I love fresh mozzarella; I might even go so far as to call it my favorite cheese. This was the best fresh mozzarella I've ever had. Next time you go to Rocco, you must order it. Finally, the entrees. Both were wonderful. I had the steak and I would highly recommend it. It came with greens in a white sauce and smashed potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly. The greens were flavorful and complemented the rest of the dish well. If you haven't gone here you should, except on beautiful summer evenings when I'd like to show up without a reservation and be seated outside immediately.
I had received a recommendation from a friend, a native of the Rochester area, that if I wanted Italian food, go to Rocco. I was not disappointed in the least. I appreciated the casual and intimate atmosphere. The Blood Orange Martini set the stage, awakening my taste buds with its sweet tang. The Caesar salad was generously portioned with a nice creaminess to the dressing. Without any hyperbole...the lasagna was the best I have ever had. The tomato sauce was savory with a hint of sweet. The cheeses melted all through my mouth. Delicious! I only wish I had room for dessert.
My wife and I had a fantastic meal at Rocco. I love it because it reminds me of meals we've had in Napoli and Roma. It's not your usual Southern Italian-American fare that most Rochester establishments serve. I won't mention what we ordered because that doesn't really matter (okay, I had the pork ribeye with fried mozzarella on top in a savory tomato sauce that I got quite emotional over it was so good). What's important is that every single dish we ordered was cooked perfectly (get the octopus appetizer), they didn't all taste the same (Northside Inn) and our waitress was the definition of an excellent server.  She didn't bother us but would notice from afar when a drink was low or even watched for other signs instead of chatting with the other staff.  That's what makes a great server. Leave your phone alone, stop talking to your co workers and watch me from the shadows. When you see me take that last sip of water or wine, be there next to me. I will pay you for it. As long as Rocco's can keep up the consistency, they will earn my business. I'll allow a restaurant to screw up one time before it's off the list. Rocco is on the list.
Went there with a group and had a fabulous evening and a nice meal well above average.  The meal consisted of several appetizers followed by entrees and the signature deserts.... The housemade ricotta was crumbly and plentiful while the toasted bread basted in olive oil gave both a lovely crunch and a complex taste for the ricotta. The fried risotto was very crunchy on the outside with a fabulous soft and savory center on a bed of red sauce - very rich but tasty.  The meatballs were a great savory taste and the marinara sauce was provided a needed level of moisture and excellent texture.  Very tasty.  The other appetizers included mozzarella and olives.  Overall a large selection of tasty dishes all well prepared and very tasty.  The toasted bread was excellent and accompanied several of the dishes to great effect.   Entrees were varied and I got a chance to try three of them (people shared...). My dish was the roasted pork shoulder with polenta and broccolini. I also tasted the swordfish which was moist and had a savory and acid based dressing that drew out the taste. Well prepared.  The other dish was a pork chop. It was about 2 inches thick but was cooked with a nice crunch on the outside but succulent and moist inside.  Very nice indeed - will definitely try this next time I am here.  My entree was super.  Large portions all around...but the pork was literally falling apart as I pulled at it. There as a tangy and slightly peppery sauce which worked well to draw out more of the flavor and was so inviting that the polenta had to be dipped in the excess sauce. The polenta was crunchy but was a little overcooked.  The inside was delicious and I mixed it with the sauce which absorbed that taste and flavor.  A nice combination with the greens providing more crunch and a nice texture and taste overall. Desserts were also varied and very creative. The goat cheese cheese cake was a favorite but the butterscotch was made with a syrup topping filled with almonds providing texture and taste together!  I tried one spoon and it was enough for me...very sweet but tasty. The wine list was sparse and the Sangiovese was barely drinkable.  I ordered a cab, which was a little overpriced and definitely too warm. I asked for an ice bucket and decanter as both were needed to make the wine drinkable.  The max time for the table was also a little unsettling as we were proceeding with a nice evening when we had to leave! So I say it is a 4 for sure.  Can it be more, yes, but the wine needs to be stored at a decent temperature and a better wine list is a must.  Will definitely go back and look forward to trying the pork chop - I may bring a decent wine too and pay the corkage.
Intimate date night. Check! Wine. Check! Italian food. Check! I think that's the makings for everything to please my heart and soul. Bonus: surprise date night at Rocco. Here's the backstory: I was ashamed to admit I had never been to Rocco and found every chance to suggest it as a place for date night, friend outings, so on... For whatever reason it never worked out. After living downtown for 3+ years, I finally got my chance. It's definitely a special treat kind of a place -- cozy, dimly lit and romantic. The menu is simple, but well-rounded and just plain delightful... here's why: - Ricotta. I can't. I don't even have words. Let's just say we ate all the bread, but there was still ricotta leftover and I ate the rest of it with my fork... topped with the most amazing olive oil. Oh my! - Meatballs - yes. I wanted to try the gnocchi but I also knew I wanted a some protein. This is an excellent appetizer to pair with the ricotta. Consider adding a slice of a meatball to a slice of bread topped with the cheese. - Gnocchi - Flames in my mouth. Be warned this plate is coming straight from the oven. Do not do as I did and dive into your first bite without a solid cooling blow. I almost destroyed my taste buds. Surely it was out of pure excitement for the dish. But once I actually gave it a second to cool off temp-wise, they were potato fluffs of deliciousness. When it's too hot you can't taste all the flavor so be patient enough to let it cool. I liked getting each bite with the roasted tomato sauce. - Steak with swiss chard and roasted potatoes. I really loved this dish and it covered all the bases -- super tender protein, veggie, a hint of cheese, and a starch. They slice the steak shoulder for you so some of the juices bled into the rest of the dish, which actually moistened the potatoes and swiss chard with extra flavor. I really liked how the swiss chard was prepared (with parmesan) - slightly creamy, but the hearty swiss chard held up well. - Butterscotch Budino - must order! You are missing out on everything in life if you don't. I am always hesitant about desserts because I'm not a sweets person. We shared so I was able to enjoy a few bites of bliss. Everything is so magical together - the caramel, the almonds lightly roasted, and the creamy custard. Oh, baby. Our server was lovely. So very sweet and contributed to the convo a bit, which was nice. She also was the one to suggest the budino. We have her to thank for our sweets-induced coma (YOLO). Oh and a little taste of limoncello made in house! Surely three years will not pass again for me to get a taste of this well-executed dining experience. P.S. I recommend reservations. The space is small.
The food was very good We had pizza and shared arancini Server was friendly and efficient The only thing is it is a small place so consequently tables are close to each other Decor is non existent really but food makes up for it They do have outdoor seating in warmer weather
I finally managed to find an excuse to come here and, lets just say it met my expectations. I do not remember what was eaten right now ( as a table) but I can say that it was good. Now, let us delve further in to that word, good. By good I mean that the dishes were plated elegantly, yet simply. Now, on to taste, there was not any one flavor that overpowered a dish, only a central 'theme' that was accented by herbs,spices and other flavors. Basically the dishes were cohesive and tasted as if each dish was its own, rather than Sauce 'A' + Meat 'B'+ Pasta 'C'. The meat (lamb if I remember correctly)  I had was cooked to a near perfect med-rare. Service wise it was very pleasant, and we were in and out in under an hour!
If you have not tried Rocco's house made ricotta with charred bread you haven't fully lived.  I could eat it with a spoon, but it is great with the charred bread.  Their pizzas are fantastic and they give you kitchen shears to cut it with.  For whatever reason cutting the pizza with scissors makes me feel like a doctor and I love it.  The gnocci is different than any I've ever had, in a good way.  The last trip we took to Rocco we got a side of their roasted potatoes and I swear I could have that as my entree!  Rocco is a great place to order a few things to share, but make sure you make a reservation, they fill up quickly, even on a Tuesday night.  Don't skimp out on dessert, the Butterscotch Budino is out of this world.  I wish everything tasted as good as it does at Rocco!
Service is impeccable and the food is divine. What's not to love? Rocco's is one of the very few places I can speak highly of.
Oh...my. This place is delicious. Me and my gf went out for a cozy little dinner here and it is surely that, on the verge of cramped, but worth it. Inside this little establishment of maybe 8 legitimate tables, we had one of the best meals in a while. We started off with the house-made ricotta with oven-roasted heads of garlic and crostini  along with the octopus and green sauce. Followed by the mushroom and truffle oil pizza and all-day cooked pork. We finished with the butterscotch budino. The ricotta and oven-roasted garlic was a familiar combination executed very well, the garlic drizzled with olive oil spread like butter on the crostini, and topped with ricotta were very pleasing and nonabrasive to the senses. But the real star of the appetizers and the whole meal was the octopus with green sauce. Uhh, I'm getting hot and bothered thinking about it, easily the best octopus I've had in the US. The trick with cephalopods is that they get tough very fast, so you either have to cook it just right or cook it until it becomes tender again (it does eventually) at Rocco, it seemed as though they'd cooked it until tender again, just freaking fantastic with the green sauce, which I sopped up with a piece of crostini. The entrees didn't disappoint either, the mushroom and white truffle oil pizza was good, maybe even a little better than that, but nothing outstanding. The slow cooked pork was like an Italian rendition of southern pulled pork, and came in a massive serving alongside rapini and a fried polenta cake, gf didn't like the dish too much, I thought it was good, not great, the best thing on that plate was the rapini, polenta was a little over-fried. The dessert...this butterscotch pudding is definitely a worthwhile part of Rocco's menu. Atop the cool butterscotch pudding they pour a warm and light caramel sauce with almonds (lightly smoked I think? If not at least salted) the first bite creates a perfect blend of contrasts, all of which you know you've loved before, but in a context to which you're likely foreign. My gf said that it was arguably the best dessert she's had in years. Now the downside: We were probably at least 20 years younger than the average couple, so our waiter just abandoned us for the last 45 minutes when it got busy because I guess servers just size people up by age. He must have thought we'd give him a bad tip because we're young, Too bad he missed out, we give 30% on good service upon my gf's insistence having been a server previously. Instead, the industry standard 15% for you. The bill was right under $80 after tax and tip.
Rocco redeemed themselves on our fifth trip there this year.  The food was once again among the very best I've had in Rochester.  Their pizzas are frankly amazing and put everyone else's to shame. The  octopus as an appetizer is always amazing.  Always done just perfectly and oh so good.  The lasagna pizzamaker's style is a meatless treat.  I happened to have the funghi 3 fontina di aoste pizza - white pizza with Italian fontina, mushrooms and white truffle oil.  My God, everyone agreed that it was simply the best they've ever had.  The crust is so flavorful.  And once again, the blood orange martinis were superb! So why not 5 stars?  First, it began with the reservation.  Table of 4, we asked for 6.  We were told nothing was available until 6:30.  When we arrived, the restaurant was a  bit over 1/3 full.  Their policy is tables have 1 1/2 hours for parties of 2, 2 hours for parties of 4.  Since they open at 5, no one cold have been ahead of us.  No reason given and that put one of my dining companions off. Second, service wasn't 5-star.  They have an annoying habit of bringing only one dish to the table at a time (sometimes 2, but mostly 1).  I understand it's a really small kitchen but guys, can't you use your service staff to bring everything to the table at once?  There was a small delay between when the first and last dish (mine), hit the table last evening.  Really, no excuse for that in a good restaurant. And finally, when we were ordering dessert (everyone had the Butterscotch Budino, it's heaven in a glass), I asked for a tawny port.  The waiter returned a short time later to indicate they didn't have any port.  Really, in an Italian restaurant?  He left the list and I picked out a brandy but unfortunately he didn't return until after dessert had been delivered and eaten to ask what I preferred.  They were no more busy than they are on any typical night, maybe one 2 top open.  The staff needs to be more attentive. But the food, ah th food.  Only Warfields still tops them in that regard.
Last night was my third time at Rocco, so I figured it was time to write a review. The first time we went, we had the pizza, and it was delicious.  Crispy, and with fresh ingredients, I was very happy with the food The second time I went with some friends for a birthday dinner, and we shared the food and drinks, we had a lovely time and really did not have anything to complain about. Everything was made with care and very tasty. The third time, last night was also a great dinner, if imperfect. First thing, we made the mistake of thinking that because it was Monday night, we wouldn't need reservations, that was our first mistake! The place was packed and we ended up sitting at the bar. This turned out to be a blessing (for me) since the bartender was very attentive and kept us well lubricated, first with a delicious gin and tonic, and then with a very nice glass of wine. He also kept my friend's water full all the time. The bartender chose the wine for me, based on my dinner order, and it was perfect! One of my friends ordered the lasagna, another pizza, and I ordered the pork chop with mozzarella. Their food was delicious (at least that's what they said) and my pork chop was almost perfect! The thick cut of pork was moist and well cooked, but one end was a bit burned and the bitterness of the char upset the balance of the other great flavors of the meal. Luckily, it was only a bit of it, the rest of the pork chop was perfect. Because the pork chop came with a lovely tomato sauce, and no starch, I ordered some grilled bread. Once again, some of the pieces were burned, while others had the perfect balance of smokiness and flavor. Turned out I didn't need the bread, the pork chop was more than enough, lesson learned for next time! We didn't return the bread because my friend loved the non-burned pieces and ate it, and I didn't feel it was worth complaining about something that was more than half gone. Dessert and coffee followed, and it was equally wonderful. I had the panna cotta and my friends had the budino. We were both very happy with our  choices, the panna cotta was the perfect summer dessert, cool and served with a lovely strawberry sauce. Now on to the bad, Rocco is a great restaurant serving great food, but sometimes have some misses. In our case, the misses were not meal ruining misses but I understand why some people might not be very happy with their meals. Burned things can have an overwhelming bitterness that's really not enjoyable, and take away from the other lovely flavors that permeate the food. It's something to be mindful of, especially at the price point for the food. This is not a cheap restaurant. This restaurant has definitely outgrown it's place, it's too popular (deservedly IMO), for the location. It doesn't feel intimate and warm, as smaller restaurants should feel, it feels overcrowded and overwhelmed.  Sitting at the bar for dinner was great because of the service we receive and we were not on a romantic dinner or anything, but it was also very uncomfortable because there was so little space to move!  All of this on a Monday night. I love going to Rocco's and having their great food, but I feel I have to reconsider when going with a group of friends, because of the space issues.
I made reservations a week in advance for celebratory reasons. When we arrived, we were warmly welcomed and seating immediately. The atmosphere was quaint and cozy. All was well until it was time to order our meals. My significant other and I both ordered the brasato al valpolicella and an appetizer along with our wine selections. Instead of the potatoes that were served with my meal, I inquired about substituting a small house salad. Our waitress Valerie refused any substitutions on any meal without apology but said that I would be able to omit them completely and pay an additional $6 for a side salad. When I questioned her as to why, she replied that the chef refuses to make any substitutions, ever. After pointing out that this policy was not noted on the menu and kindly asked for an exception, I was still refused and she reiterated the restaurant policy as if I didn't hear her the second time. Clearly unhappy but hungry, I ordered a $14 less expensive pizza instead. After a moment to ponder, this woman was willing to give up $14 on a dinner plate over a small house salad? You're kidding. I'm sorry, but this is Rochester. Not a high end restaurant in Manhattan. I excused myself from the table and asked our hostess if she could send a manager over to our table. I was lost for words when Valerie stood over our table and asked "what the problem was". I tried to state my case from a customer service stand point only to be verbally assaulted with their restaurant policy. She would not listen to my concerns but spoke over me instead. I had to interrupt her and ask her for the check for our beverages and asked her to cancel our dinner order. Valerie continued her rude remarks with a "Fine", dropped off our check and began slamming silverware and cabinets located on the side of our table until we left our table. The word unprofessional does not give justice to the level of service at this establishment. On a lighter note, my boyfriend and I went to Rooney's instead and enjoyed a wonderful meal and exceptional service.
Who knew this little gem was hiding away on Monroe Ave? It was new to me, but given that the restaurant was full at 8pm on a Monday, it's not a total secret. I was looking for a nice date spot and my top choices (Cure, Good Luck, Zeppa) were all closed. I was starting to lose hope until I came across Rocco on Yelp. After reading the reviews and visiting their website I called and made a reservation (and I'm glad I did). We entered through the back door from the Marshall St. parking lot. This felt strange, and it was a slightly awkward greeting in a narrow hallway next to the bathrooms, but we were quickly led to our table. Dimly lit, well decorated with various art and candles in wax-covered wine bottles, this place is just adorable. We started with the house made ricotta and charred bread. The cheese was wet and crumbly, perfect for scooping up and spreading onto the grilled triangles of toast. Next we shared the butcher's choice pizza, which featured crumbled lamb, served whole to be cut at the table with a pair of kitchen shears. We thought about ordering another dish (I do want to try the gnocchi) but instead skipped right to dessert. The butterscotch budino was sweet, creamy, and salty. Perfect to share and top off our meal. All of this and a glass of wine came out to just over $40. New date-night spot discovered. Definitely get a reservation even if you go at an off time. Also, maybe enter through the front door.
My husband and I went here for dinner on a Friday night. We started with the ricotta appetizer which was delicious. It was topped basil and a drizzle of olive oil and served with charred bread. Then for our entrees my husband ordered the all day pork which came with rappini and fried polenta. Good portion size, everything tasted great but the rappini was a bit salty for my taste. I ordered the grilled chicken which came on a skewer along with grilled mushrooms and a pecorino souffle which was amazing and the highlight of my meal. For dessert, we ordered the butterscotch budino which was warm and cold, sweet and salty, smooth and crunchy and delicious! The service was excellent, we were well taken care of and considering the price, I'm wondering why I would ever go back to Olive Garden again. For about the same or slightly higher prices,  you can have an amazing fresh meal with excellent service and support a locally owned business!!! Oh and a heads up, this restaurant is only has about 10-15 tables so be sure to make a reservation or call ahead, especially on a Friday or Saturday night.
Rocco is definitely the best Italian restaurant in Rochester. I have been coming here since they opened. The house made ricotta is to die for. Whether you are in the mood for salad and pizza or a something a little heavier, you won't be disappointed. The Berkshire pork with marinara is amazing as well!! Oh man and let's not forget about the butterscotch budino!! Everything here makes me smile. And the service is truly wonderful.
I think it is the best place in Rochester. It is small so it can be hard to get a table. I am a huge fan of the Berkshire pork chop and the grilled octopus. However the secret is that they open for lunch on Fridays only to serve Porchetta. I do not know of anyplace else that serves Porchetta so it's hard to compare but I think it may be one of the bet things I ever ate. Parking can be a drag but I have always been lucky to get a spot out front.
This was my first time to Rocco's and have to say the place has a great vibe to it and very comfortable setting. We went a a family of 6, had reservations and had the table seated against the wall backing to the bar area. Started off with a round of cocktails, which everyone enjoyed theirs..... I had an Old Fashioned and once again, there was not a solid choice of RYE whiskey to choose from. Starting to think Rochester doesn't understand cocktails. We had a bottle of wine dropped on the table to breathe as well. Cannot remember what we ordered, but it was a great choice. For appetizers. We had the ricotta fatta in casa - pretty good, but was not feeling the bread as it tasted more burnt than charred and we had the arancini, which tasted like all the basic neighborhood pizza shops fried risotto fritters in Brooklyn. Then there were a couple insalata "caesar cardini" dropped on the table which had way too much dressing and white leaves to keep a balance to the salads. So, I was not highly impressed with the appetizers, as they tasted mediocre at best with a weak presentation. For entrees, there were a few pizza's which I had not had any of and heard they were delicious. A couple specials that were shrimp and seasonal vegetables that had some great flavor and then my dish which was the linguine alle vongole. The noodles were way over cooked, so that was a total fail. I was told that its normally really good, so will have to go back and try again. The finally, the final course which we all shared a piece of the tiramisu and a special called "The Butterscotch Budino". Both were the highlights as they were packed with flavor and well balanced. So all in all, I could only give Rocco's 3 stars at best..... The waitress was really well versed, the ambiance was perfect and the food was just mediocre at best.  Not being a food snob, but travelling to Italy 3 times in different regions, traveling the world and living in NYC for 6.5yrs has really opened up my eyes to amazing Italian food. I will go back and try it again in hopes I can taste what everyone hyped the place up to be.
A good night out, but simply put, there are better options in the Rochester area. Walking in, it's simply clear that they are trying cram too many things into a tiny storefront.  The coat closet is easy to walk by as you walk in, and there simply isn't enough room for two people to take off a coat in there at a time.  The bar/waiting room area is cramped, you can hardly fit through.  It's also somewhat awkward as you walk in and have to navigate through the bar to get to the maitre d while the bartender stares at you awkwardly as if you don't belong there.  The seating area itself is very small, but cute and fairly well laid out, if not very very dark.  If you have difficulty seeing in dimly light places, I would certainly make sure you have your iPhone so you can turn on the flashlight and read the menu. The service itself left a lot to be desired.  Our waitress was very nice, but somewhat awkward, she really just lacked the grace I would expect out of a waitress at an upscale place.  Also, as mentioned in many other reviews, the timing of the kitchen is just poor.  Our two appetizers came out with about a 5 minute delay and likewise for our entrees.  I understand the kitchen is small, but that's just not excusable.  Especially to bring an appetizer out without a little plate or something so that we can share if the other one isn't going to come out for another 5 minutes.  But given that this seems to be a chronic problem, they don't really seem to care too much. The food itself was very good, not excellent, but very good.  The lack of real bread is somewhat annoying, but the breadsticks at the table are nice enough as a palate cleanser.  For starters we got the meatballs and the arancini, both of which were decadent without being over the top.  The red sauce with them has a solid flavor without being overly spicy.  One thing to point out, for a restaurant that seems to pride itself on northern Italy, and takes itself very seriously on that point (to the point they only serve wines from that region), the fact that they serve a ton of southern Italian food (like both appetizers we got) is just a strange choice.  The first entree was the gnocchi, which were perfectly textured, but somewhat one dimensional and lacked sufficient saucing.  We also got the pork with the fried mozzarella on top, which I thought was interesting, but the pork chop was way too thick and mildly overcooked to the point where the meat was losing some of its moisture.  The fried mozzarella also seemed like a total afterthought and had no integration into the dish.  Thankfully the sauce was absolutely stunning and truly held the dish together.   The meal itself was quite expensive for the Rochester area (almost $90 before tip for a glass of wine, an appetizer, and an entree for each of us), and I can't say that it was wholly worth it.  You won't go wrong by coming here, but I think there are better options nearby.
Love the cold soup, very summer , really delightful . The risotto was unforgettable, right size of the dish is a must ! The locations is simply extreme well manage'! Great food !
We went on a weeknight, at around 6:30pm. Small dining room was nearly empty when we arrived, but it became filled by the time we were done with our food. Party of 2. We ordered... - butcher's choice (chicken) pizza - meat balls and grilled bread - fried risotto fritters with tomato sauce - slow-cooked pork/rapini/polenta "LIKED" - Cozy, small place with nice decor. Gives me the feeling of sitting in someone's dining room. Also liked the pictures on the wall. "REALLY DISLIKED" - Slow-cooked pulled pork was super salty, and at the bottom of the dish was a pool of orange colored sauce, or was it juice... I'm not entirely sure. It tasted terribly. - Pizza was way to thin and salty again. Guessed it's designed to be impossible for eating by hand-- so I had to be civilized and used a fork and knife. (Side note: lady gave me scissors to cut pizza into slices. Not sure if scissors were clean?) - Meatballs were OK, but I've actually had better meatballs at IKEA (yes, the Swedish furniture store). The grilled bread was more like burnt soggy toast... drenched in overly salty tomato sauce. - Fried risotto fritters was alright-- I don't get the hype that everyone else is writing about here on Yelp? (About to sound like a snob here, sorry!) I'd like to think I sort of know good vs. terrible Italian food. Prior to moving to ROC, lived in Providence and Boston for almost 10 years-- gave us the opportunity to learn about GREAT Italian food (Federal Hill in PVD and the North End in BOS). Moving up here and hearing folks rave about Rocco's, well, if only you could see me shaking my head right now. In summary: the food was a huge disappointment. As my date remarked after we left, "This was the biggest waste of $60 we've made." Yes, a hyperbole, but in retrospect that $60 could've given us 2-3 great meals at Jine's, Cracker Barrel, or dare I say... the Olive Garden!!? Diagnosis: disappointing food that's way over-rated. Treatment: we won't be coming back here again... Sorry ROC "Italian" food.
We checked out Rocco's after seeing the stellar reviews on Yelp.  Everything was good, but I'm not quite sure what all the hubbub was about.  The service was excellent, but the food was only ok (and was a bit pricey for being lackluster).  I got the pork with rappini and polenta, and neither my husband nor I were particularly intrigued.  He loved his gnocchi, though. Then we got to the dessert.  After the first bite of chocolate pudding, I thought I might never eat anything that delicious again.  Then I tried the butterscotch budino, and I forgot all about the chocolate pudding.  Oh my goodness, I could eat it every day for the rest of my life. In short:  I will definitely hit this place up for dessert again, but it will be a while before I go back for dinner.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner and I will admit, the food was fantastic. I read all the reviews before taking him (we love to try new places) and it said to order the ricotta so I did (and I even anticipated the charred bread to be inedible - but 5/6 slices made it to our table in edible condition). The ricotta was creamy, sweet, warm, and perfect with the bread. Also, we tried the grilled squid skewers which were a bit charred but you could still tell from one bite that the squid was fresh and still had the juiciness and then the crunch. We then got the lasagna and mushroom pizza - both were absolutely delightful (I mean, I was practically moaning with pleasure with each bite). Being a NYC native I have a certain love for thinner, less doughy pizza and this was perfect. The lasagna was the perfect temperature, taste was phenomenal. I deducted a star because I made reservations and they still had us wait to be seated even though there were open tables. Also, the wait staff was a little bit cold. My waiter got a bit snippy when I tried to order appetizers before the entrees and walked away without giving me a chance to order the entrees. He did eventually come back and I think throughout the night he started to warm up to us. One question - what is up with the mismatched utensils?
Rocco has the best food in the city. Hands down. The service is always friendly, attentive, and knowledgable.  One of the servers always recognizes us and chats us up a bit when we get there (despite the fact that we only go every couple of months or so). It makes me feel like this is a home away from home, only with better food than I could ever make.  Sure, the place is small and awkward, but that's part of its charm! We usually skip the entrees and focus on the superb appetizers, pizzas, and dessert.  The octopus is my favorite, deeply charred but still tender, and the ricotta is a close second.  I believe they use bread from Flour City, and it is always grilled to perfection (which may be a bit dark for some people).  The pizzas are great, large enough to split between two people, grilled crispy and served with scissors to cut them. Save room for dessert because the butterscotch pudding is a small miracle made from unicorn dust and rainbows (and probably crack judging from the way I crave it).
It's been about a week since we went to Rocco and I have yet to come up with the right words to describe how good this meal was.  Every aspect was perfectly made and phenomenal!!! House-made ricotta...damn good.  In fact, after the ricotta appetizer I was so impressed that I picked the birkshire pork chop to put this place to the ultimate test.  NEVER have I gone to a restaurant that didn't serve their pork chop a little dried out.  (Richardson's Canal House...I'm talking to you).  I was not disappointed...perfectly cooked and juicy. And the dessert...some sort of caramel pudding that made me want to slap somebody it was so good.  Can't wait to go back.  Rocco gets a perfect score!
I cannot believe I forgot about this restaurant. That's what happens when you visit Rochester for 12 hours while en route to Zurich. I remembered Rocco once someone mentioned ricotta. I'm a sucker for housemade cheese like ricotta and burrata especially with charred bread. Gluten and dairy for the win. The server won points for the extra bread. We also shared the butcher's choice pizza with lamb. I thought the kitchen shears unusual, more so because I'm used to knives, but they were remarkably efficient. Dinner finished with their butterscotch dessert. Overall, I enjoyed my time here. Great service, lovely candles (the wax particularly mesmerizing to my pyro eyes), a intimate space for quiet conversation.
As one can tell by glancing at my body of work on Yelp, I'm not a huge fan of Italian restaurants. For the most part, I feel that Americanized Italian food is the most overrated cuisine in the United States. There aren't many Italian food experiences that really stand out in my memory, other than a phenomenal meal at Giacomo's in Boston, and I rarely find myself with a strong hankering for Italian food. Sure, I like fried calamari, lobster fra diavolo, linguini and clam sauce, and tiramisu as much as the next guy, but I feel like I can make decent versions of most Italian dishes at home for a fraction of what they charge in restaurants. Fresh pasta...not so much, but the majority of Italian places use dried anyway. Considering my indifference to most Italian restaurant food, it was a major leap of faith for me to select Rocco as the destination for my 30th birthday dinner. Last year, I went to Good Luck with friends, Rio Tomatlan with the gf, and Lento with my parents, and I chose these three establishments only after several weeks of research and scrutiny. Having already visited my two favorite sit downs in Rochester (Lento and Dinosaur) the previous week, I chose Rocco due to the fact that it was one of the only highly rated restaurants in the Rochester area I hadn't yet visited. We arrived a little after 5pm and although our reservations were for 5:30pm, we were quickly seated. The decor was pretty basic - no tablecloths, oldish wooden chairs, basic tables, pictures of food on the wall, etc., but at the same time intimate and comfortable. The background music was adult contemporary, which was a bit odd for an Italian place, but it wasn't off-putting. Besides, I would imagine most people dining here aren't really looking for a fresh-off-the-boat Italian dining experience. I started with a Raspberry Bellini, made with prosecco and fresh raspberry puree. It was slightly tarter than I expected, but the flavor made sense due to the natural tartness of raspberries and the dry prosecco. I got the famous grilled octopus for my starter, and I couldn't have been more pleased with this dish. The skewered octopus was tender and slightly charred, and the escarole and salsa verde that accompanied it did a great job of cutting the richness of the succulent cephalopod. My parents got the meatball bruschetta and, despite the fact that it was impossible to pick up without completely douching my hands in red sauce, I was blown away by how tender and light the meatballs were. It was as if the chef was somehow able to whip air into perfectly seasoned meat (presumably a mix of beef, veal, and pork) and the result was a cloud of meaty deliciousness, which floated across my palate like a beef-filled kiss blown by Jesus Christ. Yeah, it was that good. For my entree, I chose the lamb leg steak with eggplant parmigiana, which incidentally ended up being the weakest of the three entrees ordered at our table. While the meat was delicious and cooked to a perfect medium rare and the eggplant was excellent, I felt the dish, as a whole, was ill-conceived and could've used a defined starch component. It wasn't a bad dish and everything on the plate was well seasoned (not over-salted) and well executed, but it seemed like something was missing. I'd probably reduce the amount of eggplant and add a simple side of pasta with mint pesto to compliment the lamb, but that's just me. In contrast, my parents' entrees were both perfect. My father ordered the duck with fried polenta cake and seasonal fruit. The stewed plum condiment was amazing, the duck skin had crispy skin and perfectly pink meat, and the polenta cake was hearty and satisfying. My mother's meatless lasagna was filled with light, homemade ricotta and topped with the same bright tomato sauce as the meatballs served earlier in the meal. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the portion was huge. I can't say much about the desserts, other than they couldn't have been any better. The Butterscotch Budino was served in a glass and tasted similar to creme brûlée, except the brûlée part was replaced with a thick layer of rich butterscotch and topped with whole almonds. Due to its size and richness, this dessert could (and should) be shared. My mom's chocolate panna cotta was gigantic, surrounded by a moat of raspberry sauce, and generously topped with crumbled Amaretti cookies. I had Lento's version of this dish a week earlier, and this one was better. I thought my father's olive oil cake with fresh figs was excellent, but my mom thought it was a little too dry. I snuck a peek at the bill and it was a little over $150 for three people liberally ordering two appetizers, three drinks, three entrees, and three desserts with coffee. This place deserves the distinction of being one of the few great $$$-$$$$ restaurants in the Rochester area.
About 8 of us crammed into a (or the) booth at Rocco on a random weeknight. The service was impeccable and very attentive without being overbearing. The atmosphere is elegant but very very relaxed. Our table had a white table cloth, as did a few others, but not all did. The bartender was very accommodating and gave some good advice on various wines. All the appetizers we had were amazingly good. Including, 1) the octopus escarole mint, 2) the frittes 3) a beet salad, and 4) the bread with a ricotta spread. My best advice would be to not skip having an appetizer or two, these were certainly the highlight. The main courses were very good also. I ordered the a mushroom & white truffle oil pizza, and was surprised at how much I liked it. My companion thought the truffle oil was a little overpowering, (it's good that she ordered a lasagna). I also had a side of the fried polenta, which was excellent but piping hot on my first bite. We couldn't pass on dessert when we discovered the gelato/ice cream was homemade and they had a nutella flavor. Very good and creamy. The restaurant was full on Tuesday evening. A testament to its quality. One owner typically works the front of the restaurant while another owner cooks (and even delivers some of the food to the table). Again, the atmosphere is very casual (but not a diner casual), as is the dress code but one wouldn't feel out of place wearing your Sunday best. Reservations are a must, otherwise don't expect you'll get a table, but you never know, you could get lucky. Our bill was about $40/pp (including tax but before tip), and we ordered 3 bottles of wine, a couple of beers, loads of appetizers, as well as main courses for 8 people. Rocco is easily in top 5 restaurants for the Rochester area.
I must begin by saying that I write this review with great trepidation. I am an American, but I have lived and worked in Quarto (Napoli), Italia. I am well versed on Italian cuisine, running a broad spectrum from modest and simple to ultra modern and exquisite. Generally speaking, I tend to avoid Italian restaurants in this country as I have pretty routinely found them to be disappointing and my personal experience has me feeling biased. That being said, I have been told by numerous friends with solid palettes to try Rocco, as it will likely change my mind. On the basis of these reliable assertions, my fiance' and I decided to make reservations for our 3 year anniversary dinner at Rocco. Our reservation was for 7:30, we arrived early and were seated promptly with no fuss. The atmosphere during daylight was a bit to be desired, but it vastly improved as the sun set. The lighting/decor is simple and elegant. I enjoy the dark, grotto like vibe. After reading much fanfare about the house made-ricotta, we ordered it in addition to the house marinade olives. Both were indeed delicious. The ricotta was a lovely, fluffy texture and the accompanying toasted bread was equally tasty. For our mains, we elected to split both the gnocchi dish (not a pasta, I'll get to that) and the lasagna. There was a considerable wait. I'm fine with this, mind you. We were relaxing, enjoying each other's company over some excellent wine and most certainly not in a rush. We began to notice a considerable amount of smoke in the air. So much so, that my fiance' found it somewhat difficult to breathe (to be fair, we were seated at what was arguably the worst table in the house, directly in front of the kitchen). Again, we're fine with that, problems in the kitchen can happen anywhere. So after a bit more waiting, and drinking on a now increasingly vocal empty stomach, we were approached by our waitress. I won't get into who she was or what she looked like as that is irrelevant. She flatly informed us that there was a problem with the oven, and both of our meals would need to be made from scratch, then turned around and walked away. At this point, it's been roughly 1.5/2 hours since we were seated, and we are hungry. To my mind, the professional thing to do would have been to offer another ready made appetizer or perhaps some drinks on the house. An apology perhaps. Something. Anything. Ok, so we are starting to become a bit annoyed, but we take it in stride. This is a local establishment, things happen, it's our anniversary, etc. I refuse to ask for free things, so I did not make any effort to elicit something for nothing, but I certainly would have appreciated the offer to soothe our sustenance deprived stomachs and sensibilities. Despite all odds, we're still in a great mood and persevering with unbridled optimism. After much adieu, our main plates arrive. First, the lasagna. Covered in sauce (not my preference, but all right) well-seasoned and generally not-terrible. My fiance' very much enjoyed it and had no complaints. Gnocchi. I have no idea which school of thought produced the potato cakes baked and covered with sauce that I received, but let me assure you that no self-respecting Italian would order gnocchi and expect what was placed in front of me. It was not even remotely pasta-like, in any capacity. The flavor was fine enough I suppose, but the juxtaposition between what I thought i was ordering and what I received led to some serious cognitive dissonance. After a concerted effort to get over my pretentiousness and just enjoy the damn meal as it was, I did and it was great. The confusion was surmountable, and I once again decided against mentioning it to the waitress (as a matter of equal parts propriety and reluctance to wait any longer for an additional meal to be made). We finished half our meals and took the rest home. No desert, no after dinner drink. The logic behind my star rating is this: We went there for our anniversary dinner with the intention of going all-out. Perhaps a bottle of wine, some great food, deserts etc. We had every intention of inundating this place with our expendable income, as a matter of celebration for us, and supporting a local business for them. I would say that the food merits 4.5/5 stars, the atmosphere (aside from the smoke) 4/5 stars, but the icy cold-shoulder service forces me to settle on 3/5 stars. A simple gesture of  "I'm sorry about the problems with your meal, can we offer you something while you wait?" would have made all the difference to me. Our night started out wonderful, and we had every intention of enjoying this place as the 5 star establishment our friends have dubbed it. All that having been said, I intend to go back and will update my rating in accordance with the next experience. I am hopeful that this was just an off night for them, but it happened to be an important night to us, and that leaves me feeling a little raw.
I love this restaurant. I have eaten here several times and i have never had a bad, or even mediocre meal. The house made ricotta is always a hit, and this past week I had an appetizer special that paired it with four large cloves of roasted garlic. It was out of this world! The same house made ricotta is also in their gnocchi (which i assure sure you are unlike, and better than any others you've had) My favorite entree hands down is the all day pork. Imagine pulled pork, only the most delicious pulled pork you've ever had tender and juicy and melt in your mouth. It's served with a side of rappini and polenta. Delicious! If its lighter fair you'd like try one of the pizzas. The funghi is my favorite. Fontina cheese, olive oil and mushrooms create a savory delight. If it's your first time you have to try the butterscotch budino for desert. Rich butterscotch pudding topped with salted almonds, this stuff is one of the best things i've ever put in my mouth and a viable alternative for sexual contact. Their cheesecake is unlike any other! Its light fluffy and incredibly delicious. I recently had a pumpkin cheesecake this past week and it was delicious. Seriously, skip the big trendy restaurants all your friends are hyping about and head to this small cozy delicious slice of heaven instead, you'll be glad you did.
Although I have never been able to get a table for dinner ( I sit at the bar) the food has always been really good. I think the Friday lunches are what make me a big Rocco fan. The pizza is always good, and the sandwiches are big and tasty, but my favorite is the porchetta sandwich. If you can only go there once, make sure you order this. Seasoned, pulled pork, seasoned just right mmmmmmmmmmm.
I am one of those crazy people who prefers to try a new restaurant on their birthday (vs something tried and tested). I am special like that. Rocco has a stellar reputation in Rochester (but that doesn't usually mean much in this town where people rave about run of the mill restaurants.). However, Rocco deserves every last word of praise. I loved every single dish I tried here. For my birthday, I rounded up friends who wouldn't mind me putting a fork in their food and headed to Rocco's. I had called 2-3 days ahead of time and was still only able to secure a 8pm reservation. Once we got there at 8pm, we waited another 15-20m in the "space" in front of the bar. But it only got better from then. We started with the arancini and grilled octopus. The arancini was good but it became the unfortunate sideshow to the octopus. It was not my first time trying octopus but it was the first time I actually loved it. The char was perfect and the octopus was almost melt in your mouth tender (not an easy feat with octopus). I briefly wondered if it was too late to cancel my entree order and just get more octopus. But I am glad I resisted. For entrees, we ordered the semolina gnocchi, lasagna, pasta and meatballs, linguine alle vongole, pork chop and lamb ragu. The gnocchi and lasagna were reminders as to how vegetarians exist. I could wax lyrical about the buttery, soft richness of the gnocchi with the slightly bitter rapini offering a lovely contrast....or about how that was the best meatless lasagna I ever had (and the portion is enough for a small village) but I will resist. Everyone loved their dishes (except for the person who got the pasta and meatballs. He found the dish a little too plain). None of the desserts available that night captivated me but after reading the reviews on here, it is clear I missed out. I took off 1 star because it seems near impossible to get in here without a reservation and the space is very cramped with literally no waiting area. I understand they are going for cozy but I think you can achieve that with that soft lighting they have but in a larger location. Next time I go back, I will have to try the pizzas and the desserts (although I would be content ordering the octopus, gnocchi or lasagna again). Sigh. Is it my birthday yet?
One of small restaurants that serves fine food.  The restaurant that won't make you feel you are in Rochester, NY. The food, service and ambience makes me feel I am dining in one of the restaurants in Manhattan's West Village. Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Definitely one of my favorites. The only disappointment: CLOSED on SUNDAYS.
Came here on a cold Thursday night in February.  I like that Osteria Rocco has their own private parking lot in the back, especially because the parking around the restaurant can be difficult.  The place is small so be sure to make reservations if you're thinking of going. I ordered the Pasta Lunge Vongole, which is long fettuccine-like pasta served with white clam sauce and parsley.  The pasta came out firm but warm -- al dente to a tee.  There was a small dose of hot sauce on top, which tasted pasty and not overpowering by any means.  The clam sauce was buttery, but not overly thick and the garlic and parsley seasoning was very noticeable.  There was no shortage of small chunks of clams in the dish, and overall the meal was fulfilling and tasty.   Overall, I've always liked Osteria Rocco and although I think they're more known for the pizzas, the pasta I ordered was quite good.  This is a high-quality Italian restaurant in Rochester and I would recommend it to anyone who likes Italian food.
OUTSTANDING !  Superb value ! Other yelpers turned us on to this place...after quaffing a few beers at Jeremiahas tavern...we ventured north to this outstanding restaurant...never expecting to get a seat...but...alas...twas room at the bar ! A really chrming palce with excellent service...professional..friendly...without being overbearing.. Bartender had some superb wines by the glass..excellent recommendations...yummm ! The hot young lady and I shared a grilled octopus on scewer...with half of a romaine head...grilled as well....excellent...maybe a bit too salty...but...we don't use any salt...and I forgot to tell them "no added salt"....things we find salty....would be normal to normal folks.. I had an excellent lasagna...not oversauced..overcheesed..overmeated...like so many places.. the HYL had a a sea bass thingy...which she said was the best she had ever had.. Just a terrificaly fun place with an enthusiastic and fun staff...small well chosen menu.... Go here soon !
Cozy intimate atmosphere with friendly and knowledgeable service staff.  The food is awesome, everything always tastes perfectly seasoned and you can tell they know what they are doing. Its reasonably priced as well. Great wine list and always have great specials from the kitchen. "Italian" food is a term that is thrown all over the place in this city, but Rocco really nails it and cranks out some serious italian fair.
I tried this place out based on customer reviews. What a mistake! The service was awful, and the waitstaff kept bumping into me with nary an apology. Food was good, but after dumping my water on myself after the third bump I was just fed up. No consideration for customers. I won't go back.
So I really think the reviews for this place are misleading.  After all the rave reviews I was really excited to go here and I wanted to take a friend out for his belated birthday dinner so we went here. I went on a random Tuesday night and the place was packed solid, I thought that would be a great sign but wasn't as good as I expected. We started off with the Ricotta and Meatball Brushetta.  I actually really enjoyed both of them. A lot.  My only gripe is that the grille bread was just a little bit too charred for my liking.  But honestly, the apps were really good, and the reason for 3 stars instead of 2. For our meals I had the all day pork and he got the duck.  All I could taste was salt.  And that weird cheese thing it was served with just tasted like salt and butter.  That's it.  There was wayy too much pork on the plate and nothing proper to compliment it with.  I liked the greens it was served with, but was too salty and didn't really compliment the pork well. I could tell my friend didn't really like his food much either but he didn't outright say it because I was treating him to dinner.   I wanted to try a dessert but nothing on the dessert list sounded good so we skipped it. Also, the service here was very slow.  For me, I love that because I like to drink wine, slowly graze at my food, and enjoy conversation.  The actual service was ok, but the kitchen was very slow to produce the meals.  To me this means they are actually spending time cooking the food from scratch, which I like, but I did notice a few others complaining about how long it was taking. Lastly, the restaurant was really really smokey.  I don't know if they had an accident in the kitchen earlier or if it is always like that, but I could barley even see in there.  It started to bother my eyes after a while. I think if I were to go again I would stick to just appetizers and pizza.  From what I hear their pizza is pretty good.  I'm going to give this place another shot and hopefully update my review given that things go well.
My favorite Italian Restaurant in Rochester. My wife and I always start with the house make ricotta and the arancini. The clam sauce is the best I've ever had. Plus the specials always make it hard to choose what to order. The wait staff is amazing and they know every dish they serve. Dining room is small and intimate... Make reservations early.
This restaurant is quaint and absolutely out-of-this-world delicious. The menu is concise, featuring hearty portions of rustic italian food. There is a pleasant ambiance in the dining area. Simple, classic decor. Everything we order is fantastic, from the appetizers to the rich gelato for desert. I highly recommend this restaurant. Don't forget to make reservations to guarantee a spot!
Delicious and authentic. I will echo the other poster by saying that my meal was probably the best I have ever had in Rochester.  I am afraid the masses will find this place and I will not be able to get in however. The service was professional yet casual and unpretentious. I was wearing a baseball cap and shorts and we ducked in on a Saturday night right at 5 when they opened and we got the one unbooked table, next time we will make a reservation although the bar was inviting. The food was delicious, we shared the grilled octopus- my favorite dish,  and a simple but perfect bitter green salad. Then we had the steak and the all day pork, both delicious.  And of course finished with the affogato, with home made gelato.  Sangria was perfect as were the well chosen Italian wines by the glass. Rocco is my new favorite restaurant in Rochester.
One of the few Italian restaurants my father, who grew up in Sicily, actually approves of!! :)
Interesting little spot. First the quibbles. Tables too small. Yes, my party of four was really tight for chair space and table space for all the dishes. More surprising was the lack of tablecloths. Such a small tough makes a big impression but lacking at Rocco. Now for the better news. The dishes were each both straightforward yet delicious. For me clams and linguine were ummm tasty. The lasagna dish was spicy and rich. The staff was fun and efficient and solved some of the table limitations by removing empty dishes promptly. Best of all  the wine list was short but interesting. We opted for a bottle of Abbot table wine by the Owen Roe winery in Washington. Attractively priced at $45 it was a great mouthful of red that was enjoyable for both the salad course and the main course. I want to retry and this time taste the pizza specialties and another sample from that wine list. Are there other pleasant surprises lurking?
By far one of the best meals I have had in Rochester in a long time. The menu is almost completely in Italian, so I appreciated our waitress patiently and helpfully explaining to us everything on the menu and answering our long list of questions with out getting an attitude. Besides being patient, she was very attentive as well. We got a pasta and chicken dish, but I hear the pizza is awesome as well. I watched the other tables' food come out and it all looked so delicious. Awesome presentation, hot food made to order, I will definitely be dining here again.
Osteria Rocco is a cozy little restaurant with good food and a friendly staff. I read numerous reviews before visiting and decided that it would be an excellent choice for my birthday dinner. I was pleasantly surprised by the service and the atmosphere. Four of us dined - Two ordered the NY Strip steak, one ordered the Quail and I had the lasagna. One of the reasons why I wanted to go to this restaurant was for their cheese lasagna. Most places have meat filled lasagna (the cheese is an awesome alternative for some vegetarians). We ordered two glasses of wine, one Bellini, the octopus, the ricotta and bread, four entrees and one butterscotch dessert. The total bill only came to around $177 plus a $40 tip. The only con I can mention is that this place is really small and gets crowded later in the evening. My grandfather, who is 90 years old, had trouble maneuvering around the restaurant which is not ordinarily a concern in larger spaces. If you're claustrophobic, book an earlier reservation. Overall, great place to try! I may go back someday for the lasagna...
I can't believe I am scoring this place so low! The bar atmosphere, quaint and lively. Drinks - great!! Dining room, small, intimate, but service was less than stellar for a restaurant of this caliber. I expected more knowledge from the server. As for the food, I expected so much more! I'm sorry Rocco's. Seriously...I LOVE LOVE LOVE food and I eat everything, just surprised that my dish seriously over-salted. I was told by my server that the chef has a heavy seasoning hand, but this wasn't seasoned, it was as if someone poured salt on my fish. It was just not edible and trust me -- I LIKE SALTY! My friend's dish was cold and and and....well...dessert was DELICIOUS! So, although I'm giving a lower rating, but I will try the restaurant again because I just loved the atmosphere and my grilled octopus was superb. I just was expecting more and it wasn't up to the bar. If nothing else -- the poured drinks are worth the trip to the bar!
Came here again. We enjoyed the octopus once again... still a little overcooked however. The best octopus I've had was at Aurora in BK (aurorabk.com)... the picture is on the front page. Anyway back to the review, The salad with the apples and endive was really good. The flavors melded together perfectly. For dinner we had the special pizza that night which had chicken sausage on it and also the pasta with braised beef. The pizza was a little dry, but had good flavor. It could have used a dipping sauce. The braised beef pasta was good too, but had a bit too much of a wine flavor. It was quite cold sitting near the kitchen. Maybe they had a door open in there? Overall service was great and enjoyable.
At the time I wrote the first part of this review, I gave Rocco five stars and they derserved it then.  It was awesome. First review:  I've eaten here three times, and every visit was exceptional.   I'll keep this review short because there are plenty of long ones to read, but I've tried the grilled octopus, slow cooked pork, chicken, and desserts.  Everything has been done just perfectly. UPDATE 10/12/2013:  I'm dropping the rating to 3 stars.  Went back a few months ago and had one of the worst meals ever.  I actually did complain, as I couldn't even stomach any part of my meal, and that entree was removed from the bill and our server brought us some complimentary after dinner drinks.  That was the right thing to do and I give them credit for acting appropriately.  I still won't be going back there though because I've heard from several friends that they have been having a similar experiences there lately.
Regarding the ceiling fan: This is a small restaurant. Everyone is under the fan. It did not bother us, and we dined in the dead of winter. My reason for feeling mistreated by this establishment regards the cardinal sin of dining: charging a customer for an item they sent back to the kitchen. I ordered the white clam linguine. This is one of my go-to dishes at any restaurant, and at home, so I've enjoyed this dish at a wide variety of restaurants. Rocco's clams linguine tasted exactly like instant pasta-roni. I've only had pasta-roni about twice, and this tasted *exactly* like it. It was terrible. I tried several bites (maybe 4?) and had a nervous chat with my table-mates before timidly sending it back. I did not ask for a replacement, because we had appetizers, and my friends were already eating. I didn't need a full belly, per se. The chef did not ask why I sent it back. The server was generally dismissive, but I chalked that up to her personality. She was decently available throughout the service and didn't leave us stranded or anything, so while she was not friendly by any means, she wasn't rude or ineffective. The stab in the stomach came with the bill: we were charged the entire cost of the returned entree (which was returned with a full plate - I have worked in the food service industry, and I know how people like to play the eat-it-and-return-it game, which I find to be class-less). If I had been the one paying the bill, I would have objected loudly. Alas, my friends encouraged me not to worry about it and not let it ruin our evening. But I was furious. And I was the recipient of some interesting looks of distaste by the chef as I walked out. I just find this situation to be unforgivable. This is a Rochester restaurant, which means that it is most likely very over-praised, as is the trend in this area. As such, the chef is most likely very proud. The pasta-roni flavored, inedible dish I was served AND charged for, however, is nothing to be proud of. Addition: I'm still thinking about how terrible & without class this place was. When someone returns your dish for tasting exactly like a low-class grocery store salty side, if you have ANY integrity as a cook, you should address the customer instead of giving her dirty looks for returning your garbage food. Rochester 'chefs' may need to consider removing their heads from their asses.
Ecstatic Yelp reviews, lovely small room, truffle smell coming from the kitchen, friendly service... we had high hopes on a quick business trip to Rochester. Sadly, the meal was just OK. Wild mushroom soup was seriously underflavoured. Thin-crust pizza was very good, with a blistery crust, good toppings - the best part of the meal. And my main course? I should have asked more questions about the Berkshire pork chop. Whose damn fool idea was it to serve it smothered in tomato sauce, accompanied by a piece of deep-fried mozzarella (I can get mozzarella sticks at TGIFriday's) and a green salad whose dressing quickly blended with the tomato sauce. Nice piece of pork... largely ruined by the presentation. My colleagues fared better with their mains - pasta with meatballs and seafood linguini were pronounced very good. But really. Outstanding? Superb? Amazing? Come on!
I was inspired to write this from my most recent LUNCH experience at Rocco - very cute patio with a little fountain and vines and feels like you are in a mini garden, not next to a parking lot on Monroe Avenue!  Everything was delicious as usual. My romaine salad with shrimp and creamy lemon dressing was perfectly fresh and crisp on a hot summer afternoon! This was not my first rodeo at Rocco though - been her plenty of times.. This is one of my favorite places to eat in Rochester! Here's why: 1. Service is prompt and the staff is knowledgeable on the menu. 2. The bartender is GREAT! I seem to always see the same guy and he is just fantastic. Drinks are perfectly made. 3. The wine list is fun and tangible - you can get a great bottle of wine for $30! 4. The menu is local where possible and oh so fresh! I think I've tasted everything.. The octopus app is perfectly charred and flavorful. The homemade ricotta is creamy and fresh while the bread is fluffy and yet crisp and charred which is different and fun. Sauces and pastas - taste like Italy! Pizzas are flavorful and the meats used are impeccable. Its fun to cut the pizza with scissors! The butterscotch budino - i'm not a dessert person - WOW! Blows me away every time. 5. Great date spot! Make reservations, even during the week. It is TINY. Thank you for being in Rochester :)
Nice European feel. Quaint but expensive ; Was underwhelmed by the availability of items on the menu on a Tuesday. Most items were not available. Was there with a party of 5 with a reservation at 6:15 pm. Staff was extremely gracious though. Spent $329 (opened 2 bottles of a nice Pinot);
Great restaurant in the Rochester area. Reasonably close to RIT. Amazing Italian food. I had the seafood ragu and loved it. If you're vegetarian get the lasagna!
Even better than the last time.. Seriously, I dare you to find better Italian in Rochester.  The menu is always interesting and the specials are usually so good.  The only knock was not having enough grilled bread for the ricotta. I wish more people knew about this place.  So here I am yelping it 2x.  5 stars for what I consider the best Italian in Rochester, and I will be back every time I come back to town.
Oh, Rocco.  I love the intimate ambiance, and any of the small plates would be things I'd happily eat for my last meal, but the arancini and the grilled octopus were highlights for me.   I did not have an entree, but I split the truffle pizza and was very happy.  Making it a small-plate fest definitely worked well for me and my friend.
Amazing!! Went to dinner for my birthday after reading up about this place on yelp. The service was great, very knowledgable and polite wait staff. Bellini was delicious! We got meatballs and arancini for appetizers. Having been to Italy, the food was amazingly close to authentic! The lasagna was to die for! I never order lasagna and it isn't my favorite food but I will not hesitate to order it here again. Love it!!!
Amazing! The house made Ricotta cheese is a must have.  You will want to get a couple orders with a big group.  It just melts in your mouth.  The service is wonderful and they really assist you with your order and is always coming by to make sure that you are enjoying your meal.   Other recommended dishes! Quail Pizza clam Mushroom Must have dessert: Butterscotch budino. I've never had anything like this before.  Make sure you save room for dessert!
The best Italian food in Rochester....I highly recommend it.  The second you walk in to the second you leave...it only gets better...the home  made ricotta...amazing....love love love it!!
Drove in from Buffalo and ate here before a concert downtown. I called ahead for a reservation for six and we got the nice, big booth near the window. The waitstaff were attentive and accommodating to our rushed schedule, and even ordered us a cab when we asked. I had the bellini special (pureed pear + prosecco) and it was delicious. Also ordered the house-marinated olives and the gnocchi. The gnocchi is not your usual potato dumpling but instead has the consistency of polenta. It was very good, just know you're not getting the usual gnocchi. Our group also ordered the pizza special (pork, spinach + something else) and a bunch of huge, fantastic salads. The atmosphere was really nice and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
Thanks to all Yelpers for recommending this place. I went there last night and it was one of the best meals I've ever had. I went with two other people and we shared the house made ricotta appetizer and sampled each others' three entrees and shared dessert. I had the all day pulled pork, which was savory and delicious. The meatball pizza and pork chops were also excellent. They also have excellent and uncommon beers and wines. The server was very attentive and knowledgeable and the staff in general was great. Five stars easily.
Good food, small place. A friend of mine is a chef here, so I'd been looking forward to trying it out. Our party of six had an appointment for 8:00 on a Friday. We weren't seated until 8:30 and the six of us had to stand in a pretty cramped area near the bar, which wasn't ideal. The staff seemed apologetic, and treated us to complimentary champagne since we had to wait, which was appreciated. The place was just packed and I guess they can't *force* diners to leave, but perhaps be cautious if you're planning a large party on a busy night. I had the linguine w/ clam sauce, which was wonderful. Different than how I make it - a little sweeter, but nothing overpowering. My friend's duck was good, if cooked slightly more than she likes it. Overall everyone seemed pretty happy with the food. My only complaint was the bread - it wasn't warm, and honestly just kind of underwhelming. Good fresh-baked bread with a little olive oil would be a welcome improvement.
I love this place, especially for date night. Small and intimate with not too many tables. ALWAYS make reservations, especially if you want a table "inside" otherwise you may get stuck either at the bar or by the table by the front door. Home made ricotta with charred bread, arancini, all day pork, definitely get the lasagne (really!) and try the butterscotch pudding.
Comment  on my review from owner Mark C. "If where you sit and the temperature of the room is that important, join a country club. " Really??  Well this speaks volumes about how much the customer is valued at this establishment.  I rest my case.
I've been here twice for special occasions and have always had the best time and had delicious food. The ambiance is great for date night. The second time I was there, one of the waiters randomly started singing opera, it was a really cool experience. The drinks are great, the food is scrumptious. It is a small restaurant, so do make reservations!
Initially, we were highly excited to try this restaurant. It received good reviews on yelp. We were, however, ultimately disappointed with our takeout experience at Osteria Rocco. First, we ordered the salad with roasted beets, gorgonzola, olives, and greens. It was OK. Not good, not bad, but OK. Who can mess up salad though especially when the greens are store-bought and from a bag? Additionally, the beets were not roasted but from a can. There were also only two or three olives in the entire salad. Second, we got the clams, pancette and parsley pizza. To their credit, it was excellent. They use fresh cheese and the clams add an appreciated contrast to it. The pizza, however, was small. Also, we were told that our order was 20 minutes late because they had to "fire up" the pizza oven. This pizza was not made in a pizza oven though, but clearly made in an ordinary convention oven. The type of dough is one which is easy and quick to make. The dough is thin; thus, a pizza oven would have burned it to a crisp. The thin dough has the advantage of being made without a traditional pizza oven. I still recommend it though if you want to purchase an overpriced pizza. Quality is highly important to me, so I was fine with it. At the same time, if you are looking for a deal, do not order the pizza. Lastly, we ordered the Angus rib steak. Stay away from this item! It was frozen for too long. A steak should not have the texture of rubber especially for $29. It was also a fatty cut of meat. Moreover, it was only cooked with a dry rub, which is fine, except as previously mentioned, the steak was frozen for too long and, therefore, bland in the middle. The meat, however, was medium rare as ordered. Some restaurants do not get that right, but some restaurants also do not charge $29 for a steak. The portabella mushrooms that came with the meal were not fresh. Clearly, they had been soaking in a sauce made with balsamic vinegar all day (and probably even longer). With the steak we also got half a potato cut into two wedges. The potatoes were delicious. They were cooked on a grill, so the potatoes inherited a distinct flavor. At least a whole potato should have been included with the meal though. When we ordered, we were told that it would take half an hour. I showed up thirty minutes after the order. Thus, I naturally assumed the food would be ready. As previously mentioned it was 20 minutes late. To their credit the bartender, Chris, did offer a glass of house wine, but who wants to drink cheap wine? Because the order was late, I asked for a dessert instead. The waitress was curiously offended by this comment. She curtly asked, "What did you just say?" I responded, "The order was late. Can I get a dessert for the wait?" She then loudly said, "Chris, handle this." She acted as though I made a personal insult like calling her nose too big. I did not understand the ill response. Chris ended up giving me 5 cookies. They were stale. I thought that they would be able to make up for the wait with an awesome dessert. Thus, we will NOT be going back here. Try the steak at the Strathallan grill instead or the pizza at Cam's.
I went there for a light lunch so my partner and I split a salad and a pizza. Both were great. Then we had the Butterscotch dessert offered. By far the best thing I ever ate. It knocked it right out of the park.
Osteria Rocco : Regarding the lady's unhappiness with Rocco's seating policy... Having read her "review", I suspect her frustration involved being seated in the middle of the room by the kitchen door. If the dining room at the time was almost empty , why not meet her request ? Some one from the establishment wrote regarding "seating arrangements" and "what one wants another does not " , but this reads more like a  contest of wills instead of a restaurant trying to satisfy its customers. I'm not about to take sides but what restaurant does not try to keep their customers happy if their request is reasonable and it appears hers was  reasonable. Reading the filtered reviews, it appears this table has come into contention before... "Filtered" review below from Melissa K.) Melissa K. 12/3/2011 The food may be good, but the owner does not care about the customer. Made a reservation for my 40th birthday dinner. Waited a long time as the owner did not plan properly for my reservation. When we were eventually seated we were put at a table under a high powered ceiling fan (in December!) right at the kitchen doorway. There was another open table available and we asked to be moved. The owner refused and decided to give it to a walk-in (we only know this because we heard him tell them!) and sadly we had no choice but to leave and celebrate at another restaurant. Very unprofessional establishment - do not recommend
The Butterscotch Budino alone deserves five stars, best dessert I've ever had!! The rest of the food was delicious too, especially the ricotta appetizer, and the atmosphere was very nice.
I had high expectations for this quaint restaurant based on other reviews!  Alas it gets three stars, and here is why: Service:  There is no obvious place to "present" yourself upon arrival.  With the servers not in standard restaurant black, you fear the mistake of telling a fellow patron you have arrived for your reservation...I'm sure they care.  Though this aspect is forgiveable, given the restaurant size. After being seated, we sat.  For 10 minutes.  Once our server finally greeted us, she was very "lukewarm".  I watched as she was very attentive to all tables around us...frustrating.  At the end of the meal she dropped the check off in passing and said "thank you" while walking away... Flawed service is a big issue for me - especially in a place that advertises as fine dining, thus one star goes. Wine List:  I love red wine.  I don't, however, drink a significant amount of italian reds, thus a better (or any) description of noses would have been wonderful.  The Italian region map was cool; however, I don't know anything about the soil, grapes, etc. in any of those regions so it wasn't helpful to me... Appetizer/Entree:  Appetizer was okay.  The charred bread really means "break your teeth burnt," so just be sure you're into that before ordering.  For our meal, my man had lasagna and very much enjoyed it and the sauce.  It was a veggie option, so they kindly offered meatballs to those who prefer a little protein - this was a satisfying touch for him.  I had the liguine and clams.  At first bite it was good - nice spice to it, but the fennel was a bit overpowering.  I also found the broth to be no more than butter and olive oil...a bit too greasy for my taste, but I can see how others might like it.  I also felt the entrees were a bit overpriced for what they were.  There wasn't a lot of "complexity" to the food...I will say the portions are hearty, so both of us took half home. I probably won't go back, but it was fun to try!
I went to Rocco last night on a whim with my friend Shug.  I had passed it numerous times walking and biking by, so glad to see the quaint establishment holding its own, with not much else with a similar vibe anywhere near it.  Each time I passed it, there were people sitting happily behind the glass and brick facade, and I couldn't pass it up.  After reading about their pizzas, it was a done deal. We shared all of the dishes.  We started with the grilled octopus, escarole, and mint.  The portion was double what I had expected, and my, my, was it delightful.  The mint was a bit spicy, like a garlicy pesto, liberally dressed atop the skewered octopus.  The sea creature was meaty, and grilled with just enough char.  The escarole was perfect, glazed with olive oil and also perhaps grilled, giving it just enough bite and still much tenderness.  The flavors worked together splendidly. Next we had a salad with pear, fennel, some greens, and walnuts, with a cider vinegar dressing.  This stood out to my friend, who enjoyed the subtlety more than I did, however, it was excellent, and the fennel was an unexpected and welcomed addition. Next was the pizza margherita.  As you've probably read, it came out with scissors, which ended up being the perfect tool.  The tomatoes were so sweet!  Perfection.  The cheese was dolloped on without reservation, and the basil leaves exploded with flavor.   We were feeling pleasantly full, but after being offered a slough of desserts, we ended up ordering another pizza!  This time, the mushroom, fontina and white truffle oil.  It came topped with scallions and it carried such a delightful aroma.  We basked in the smells emanating from the pie for a bit before digging in.  The truffle oil was distinct, and yummy.  Mushrooms and shredded cheeses, oh my.  I'm thinking about going back this week for another. We took our sweet time enjoying each dish, and the staff was always smiling and patient with us.  Surely the space is small, and tables are limited, so perhaps planning ahead with a reservation is a good idea.  I called and was treated respectfully on the phone when asking for a table for two on a Saturday night, and was accommodated warmly.  One other excellent addition here was a very small coat room that has a door to keep the wind and street sounds out of the restaurant.  The owners have really done a tremendous job creating a unique establishment with a small and tasty menu.  I will go back without a doubt, and would recommend this to friends, looking for a romantic and flavorful meal.  Thank you so much for doing what you do, Rocco. _S
YUM! Everything we had was delicious. Service was great too. Love it!
Our dinner was amazing! First we were greeted by the owner and the restaurant Was very busy and he was very friendly and had us sitting at the next open table, we waited maybe 10 minutes at the most. We ordered Rocco salad which was so tasty and light and we also ordered the octopus which was charred it was delicious for even the first timer on octopus. For our main meal we ordered the famous mushroom and white truffle oil, the crust was crispy and I could not stop eating it. He ordered the special which was swordfish on a bed of greens with a lemon vinaigrette he said is was the best he has ever had! Now for the best part dessert we had the butterscotch Pudding which has a toasted almonds on top, it literally melts in your mouth. The Italian custard with figs in a red wine reduction was superb. Biscotti is homed and delicious.
Lost my dinner service b/c I called for reservation and you asked I call another #???  Not only am I in my car but the message wasn't audible.  Use call forwarding and not lose the business... Oh well, not a next time anytime soon
Go to Osteria Rocco on a weeknight. On Fridays and Saturdays you'll be sitting elbow-to-elbow, pretending to listen to your date as you secretly (or not so secretly) eavesdrop in on your neighbor's conversation. Yes, it's that close and that loud. Despite this irritating aspect, Osteria Rocco's food is superb. The pizza is some of the best I've had in Rochester and the meat and pasta dishes are fantastic as well. The octopus is brilliant and the gnocchi is generous and fluffy, although quite oily. Watch out though, Italian food is heavy - bring an appetite and a plan for either sleeping or walking directly after the meal!
Best food I've had in Rochester. Twice. First off- get the housemade Ricotta. Just do it. Please do it now. Wait outside until they open, if you have to. The specials are usually effing incredible. The pork chop is juicy to the maximum. The slow cooked pork rocks my life. The salmon with beets and greens is a candidate for my last meal. The arancini (fried risotto balls) are crispy and delicious. Loved the red sauce they came with. I'd avoid the pizza. It's not BAD per se, but there are such BETTER things on the menu. The gnocchi are good but very rich (and I can't handle that texture for a whole meal). Service is excellent. I've had the same waitress both time and she knows her sh*t. I love service like that because I've been told I need a lot of guidance when I dine out (it's true). Anyway, cocktails are fun and inventive (mmm blood orange martini and bellini of the day!). They also have a nice wine list and Italian beers. The chocolate mousse with raspberries and pistachios was creamy and rich. Meals go from $13-32. Treat Yo' Self.
I will never go back to this restaurant. I'm actually really sad to be leaving a negative review which is something that I've almost never done , but I had one of the worst dining experiences in Rochester at this restaurant. I took my mother and her friend here because we had heard rave reviews, and we were seated right away , so far so good. Then our waitress came and that is when things went downhill. We had quite possibly the rudest waitress I've ever had at a restaurant. We ordered their house made ricatta appetizer, with char grilled bread, which we heard was amazing. What came out to us was solid black bread that was completely inedible. I never send food back so I was very uncomfortable to ask, but we had to call another waiter over to our table to ask if the food could be exchanged for bread that wasn't burned crisp. The waiter was reluctant but took it anyway. Moments later our actual waitress came to the table placed to menu in front of my face and pointed to where it said char grilled on the explanation. She then continue to explain in an extraordinarily rude way that there will be no way the chef will change his menu and that we are asking them to change their concept of a food which they will absolutely refuse to do. That we should accept the bread as it is and there will be no way of changing the order when something says char grilled, they mean char grilled . She made the situation so uncomfortable and as she was admonishing us, the other waiter brought us a new appetizer with perfectly grilled bread that looked and tasted delicious. She scowled at us and walked away and never checked on us for the rest of our meal. Her last words were well I guess the chef had a change of heart but don't be surprised if you meet the same resistance again. Again I will never go back to this restaurant. My moms friend also mentioned that his clam pasta dish was covered in red pepper which he believes was done out of spite. Obviously I have no way to prove this but he said it was so overpowering that it was hardly edible. My pizza however was good. Tasty food but terrible service and bad location.
Very tasty meal. I enjoyed my lamb ragu but the butterscotch Budino was awesome.  The almonds are the perfect finish on top of the dessert.  This place is a keeper.
Alright all you yelpers, kudos to you and your recommendations.  Super adorable inside  but yes very small and definitely make a reservation.  Food was delicious.  Started with the homemade ricotta and charred bread. Omg i could eat that forever! Thanks for the suggestion.  My gf had the linguini with clam sauce ... Perfectly seasoned and large portion.  I had the pork with polenta and rapini. Slow roasted to perfection .  The polenta came in a large triangle crispy and golden on the outside and smooth and creamy on the inside. The greens were garlicky and were such a nice contrast to the melt in your mouth pork in a tomato jus. Oh and for the waiter he was very personable and attentive.  For dessert we got the butterscotch budini as per my gf's insistence.  I am not a butterscotch fan (old person flavor) but the caramel sauce and the toasted slightly salty almonds worked perfectly.  I am a believer. Congrats Rocco, you're a bit pricey but I'd go back.
Very arrogant staff & owner. Horrible customer service. They don't care and haven't any intention to change. Don't expect acknowledgement for your birthday, even if You are a regular. Btw...very meat focused...yuck. Margarita pizza isn't authentic preparation. Red sauce is mediocre at best. No reason to go back. They aren't anything special. Plus they aren't nice nor welcoming. Good biz went to head I suppose. Unfortunate.
Superb choice of dishes prepared with classical Italian flair. Wonderful menu choices. A fine dining experience.
I love this place! Food is always fresh, wait staff are pleasant, and I love the menu changes seasonally!  I highly recommend the house made ricotta!
Wow! My Favorite Restaurant in Rochester.
This place rocks.....the grilled octopus was yummy...and the rice balls.....great sauce.  Also got the beet salad....awesome.We ordered 4 appetizers instead of entrees and were well stuffed...
I will never go back to this restaurant. the waitress was very rude, she made the situation so uncomfortable, and she was servicing other table all the time, and never checked on us for the rest of meal. the food was terrible, the bread was burned, and the cherry tomato was messy. I guess she does not like Asians, thats the only reason I could think about.  finally, thank you for the poor service, I will never go back again to experience such rude service.
Went for my wife's birthday, took three kids 11,8 and 3. The server was awesome to our kids, who acted like kids -- she told us she had her own. We don't let them run around, but our 3 year old will let out a yelp now and then, and she did spill her drink -- which was quickly cleaned up. I do agree with other reviewers, this is not generally a place for kids, but we made a res for 5 sharp because wife wanted to taste the food. The food was delicious! Tried the octopus, the ricotta, the pizzas and pastas in appetizer form. Also ordered the in-house pork -- delicioso! Again, I want to say that the service was great. We were treated well, and always attentively. The kitchen accommodated kids' tastes with nary a complaint. I would return without a care --- this place really gives Lucano a run for its money.
I think this is the best restaurant in Rochester. I never considered myself a strong lover of Italian food, but this place can change that attitude in one meal. Every single dish I've ever had here (which is now probably 25) is perfectly cooked, perfectly executed, and perfectly thought out to start. Delicious wine menu, too. Try the blood orange martini if you're not a wine drinker. House made ricotta is to die for on crusty, perfectly charred bread. My go-to meal is a seasonal salad and a side of the linguini with peppers-- my goal on this earth is to figure out how to replicate the depth of flavor in this sauce. Desserts are always bangin, too-- semifreddo, budino, etc. Mmmmm! Go to Rocco and you'll never want to spend your money anywhere else.
Simply the best. You will never have a letdown from Chef Mark at Rocco
Took a group of colleagues that travelled from different areas for a meal.  Found this quaint little Italian place on yelp and have to say it was great in every way. Attentive service, excellent eclectic Italian food from the owners family recipes. Appetizers to die for especially the beef carpacio, octopus and the fried risotto balls. Excellent cocktails and pizza. The entrees were exceptional especially the clam sauce and the shark special over greens and beans. You will not be disappointed if you go here and I am a snobby foodie.
Rocco gets it right. From the Italian brews to our attentive waitresses wonderful descriptions of the days specials I was impressed.  I will definitely be back.
One of our 3 favorites! Amazing food and service. We take all of our guests here, and everytime they are back in town they all can't wait to go back. LOVE IT!
This place was outstanding!  We especially loved the house made ricotta with charred bread and the pasta cooked in wine with braised beef.  Service was excellent and ambiance was lovely and not pretentious.  Good value!  We will be back again.
Mark Cupolo, of Max's Chophouse and Victor Grilling Co. fame, recently opened his dream restaurant WITH pizza oven.  The framed picture of Mario Batali (in a Wegmans hat) behind the bar, says it all about this restaurant.  The menu is Italian but not in a chain restaurant kind of way.  The menu is traditional in the sense that the items are representative of dishes you would find in Italy. The salads are perfectly dressed, not dripping in dressing, and only the freshest of ingredients are used.  My favorites include the pear, gorgonzola and grilled radicchio salad along with the roasted beet with orange, roasted pine nut and house made ricotta salad (YUM).  The salads are HUGE!  A daily zupa is offered (not to be missed) as well as meatball bruschetta and grilled octopus salsa verde.  In the pizza section of the menu, my favorite is the mushroom, fontina and white truffle oil pizza.  Others include a hearty "16" salami, meatball, sausage, mushroom and chili pizza along with a clam, pancetta and parsley pizza.  In the 'Piatti' section of the menu there are steak, chicken, pork and lamb dishes.  My favorite is the grilled leg of lamb with rosemary, beans and greens.  Side dishes are also offered like brick oven roasted potatoes and mushroom and fennel panzanella.  There is a full bar and a nicely priced wine list to choose from.  If you can, save room for desserts which include housemade ice cream and sorbet.  Rocco's is a neighborhood restaurant that represents a small taste of Italy right here in Rochester.  Thank you Mark for living your dream!
Very good food and service!
We went here for our anniversary. Simply amazing service and food. The only issue is the space but I feel if they try to fix it this restaurant might loose it value. Food was so good out of the world. I was blown away by the budino.
oh how I love this place... but go on a weeknight!!!
It's that simple and amazing food Italy is (apparently) famous for!  We went during the garlic festival and still this held true--nothing felt like it was trying too hard to be something other than just right.  Besides the below-mentioned crustiness issues, all the ingredients and flavors seemed really balanced.  We loved the eggplant crostata (sweet, cinnamon-laced and unctuous) and the ricotta with roasted garlic heads.  Even the caesar salad was in balance with just amazing crisp Romaine lettuce and flavorful dressing.  My sources inform me they also buy produce locally...but don't need to advertise as a locavore restaurant since that's just the Italian style of sourcing: local for in-season and available, imported what isn't (grissini, olive oil).  Vanilla semifreddo with blueberries and pistachios was superb, as was the summer wine punch.  They also pace the meal for you, so don't fight the leisurely meal.  It really enhanced things for us to not have a table groaning under too many plates at once.  Why not 5 stars? Pizza had a decent crust though I think it wasn't as Neopolitan as they describe (the eat-with-fork-and-knife kind).  And I'm sure this is the authentic side of things, but all the crostini and croutons were SO crunchy that I had trouble feeling dainty.  To be fair, since we were meatless, we only ordered small shared plates, salad and pizza so we probably did ourselves a disservice getting mostly bread crusts.  There are entrees with pasta and meat, but we didn't try them.  Finally, it was really noisy with a full restaurant, so conversation was tough (probably okay given the effort I was expending on crunching).
