The supermarket itself has everything we need- and then some. Especially happy with the prepared food section. Took the kids a few times for lunch - each one got what they wanted, no complaints. Not really cheaper than going to a resteraunt though  Got the shopping done too :)
On my continuing visits of all Wegmans I pass, I have now visited this one a few times.  Its easy if you are at the Outlet Mall already.  Getting into and out of the parking lot here is not easy, go to the entrance with the light, yes, you may wait, but at least you know it will change sometime.   Once in the parking lot the parking is OK.  There are many Ontario plates here, guess they come after visiting the mall as well.   This is a nice Wegmans, but it has super thin aisles.  Lots of stuff they are cramming into the space.  This results in many many shopping cart traffic jams.   They do not have breakfast bar here on weekends.  Their market café is not as expansive as some of the others, but that's fine by me.   The produce section has been good, if also not as expansive as some others in the area.  But they have carried what we were looking for so all good there. The baked goods offered some new choices, which is great.  Wegmans does a great job of catering to the different cleintele at each location. Thsi is a fine Wegmans.  I would shop here again.  But Id try to come early to avoid traffic cart jams.
If this was my first trip to the Wegmans sub shop it would be my last!!!! Dirty, flys everywhere, and the high school students making the subs cared more about their conversations than making my sub.  The girl making mine didn't even make it right and was clearly not happy when I said " aren't you going to toast it?" I've ordered from my own Wegmans thousands of times and a chicken finger sub is a chicken finger sub.  Apparently not here in Niagara Falls.   NEVER RETURNING HERE!!!!
Being new to the area, I was excited to see that there was a Wegman's close by. I've had Wegman's in other places I've lived and enjoy their meat selections and the club packs. Unfortunately, this Wegman's doesn't live up to my expectations. Don't get me wrong, it's still a nice store, but compared to other Wegman's I've been to, it feels cramped and hard to navigate. The produce selection is okay, but not great. And the selection of non-Wegman brand items is not good. The kicker for me was the last time my boyfriend did a food shopping run for me. They questioned his driver's license because it was out-of-state and proceeded to spend over five minutes taking it to the back to confirm he wasn't underage. I fully support the carding rules, but they shouldn't have to take his ID to the back of the store for over five minutes. And they could have at least rang up the rest of his items to save him time for when they found out that his ID was real. Instead, they just made him stand there for five minutes in line. He wanted to walk out. Overall, I like Wegman's - but not this one.
I am in trouble.  The only place in town that I can get my kitty beef liver with cheese pate and they do not have it.  Been to the other stores around and they do not have it either.  Will have to bribe her with a few extra treats.
I grew up in Niagara Falls and left the area in 2002.  Since then, I've lived in Baltimore, Pittsburgh, and Denver.  After being spoiled with a Wegman's within walking distance of my home growing up, the supermarkets in these other cities never quite lived up to my ideal. Well, until the Baltimore region started putting in Wegman's.  Then, I would happily drive 45 minutes one way to shop there once a month. I visit my parents a couple of times a year, and one of my first stops is always Wegman's.  I marvel at the beautiful produce and the bountiful selection, the pre-made foods section, the artisan breads, the variety of international foods, and, of course, all the home-town favorites I know and love, like Perry's ice cream and sponge candy!!! Moreover, they're always neat, clean and organized. On a recent trip, we bought a pumpkin layer cake to take to a friend's dinner party.  The pumpkin cake was nicely spiced and deliciously moist, while the whipped cream was airy and only lightly sweetened.  OMG - ambrosia!!! I've been praying to the supermarket gods that Wegman's decides to open a store in Denver someday.
Another good Weg's! Their layout is a little funky, different than what I'm used to, but same/similar content to other stores. A smaller store too. Very convenient location, as it's right down the street from the Fashion Outlets. We often stop there on our way home from the Outlets.
It was pretty funny to me that of all places to rant and rave about, my sister chose Wegman's, a grocery store. Almost as soon as I got off the plane from California she was planning our trip here. And it was actually very impressive. Huge lunch selection, wide variety of every day and organic foods, and very nice atmosphere. It was just like a Whole Foods though, so nothing I haven't seen before. Maybe a little bigger than Whole Foods.
Excellent grocery store with one of the best selections I've ever seen.  Nice bakery, huge fresh vegetable section and some nice choices in the dining area.  Decent vegetarian sections too.  Any new grocery store should check this place out to see how it's done right!
Wegman's is a one-stop grocery store that provides visitors to Niagara with all the necessities to enjoy their trip. I love the cafeteria that provides a wide range of food options - from hot items like pizza to their create your own salad bar.
CARROT CAKE AND DONUTS! - what a wonderful bakery Wegman's has.  The coconut donuts and carrot cake are delish!  Nice and moist and always fresh.
I lived in Niagara Falls now for over a year and I have to say that in a state that prides itself on subs just about as much as pizza, Wegman's makes the best I had since I moved up north.It seems a little silly to me to write a review about a grocery store but its not really the store that impressed me it was the deli. The sandwiches are under $10.00 and they will make them however you like em and holy are they BIG subs...but what really sold me was the bread,fresh baked and soft. Im telling you if anything sticks out to me "food wise" about moving to Western New York its Wegman's subs!
