My trips here were enjoyable (only 2, so far). I came with different groups of friends each time. Both times I was semi-confused on parking. On the side street HNB borders, there was a small slab big enough for 4 cars... there were 3 there when I drove. I wasn't sure if that spot was for me (Or customers of this place in particular), but I made it for me temporarily. Whoops? Upon walking in the first time we were greeted by a friendly hostess who led us to a seat. There were two of us. The atmosphere was quiet, nice, and overall very friendly. There was only 1 other table of customers. Our waitress came over and began to take our orders. We each got the same thing, the Cantonese Noodle & Pork buns. The pork bun was very good. They were made slightly different from how my family makes them, but I enjoyed those differences greatly. The pork was very juicy and tasted great. I loved it so much that I made a mental note to order them every time. The noodles came out shortly after, they were made well enough. I'd give them a 4/5. After our food was done we kinda just sat waiting around for our check, and after we got the check, another wait for it to be grabbed. I LOVED the service while we were eating, but the wait after we finished was a 'meh'. The second time was a bit different. I went there with a group of friends, 4 of us in total. Since I didn't drive this time, my friend parked on the street. We walked in and found seating rather quickly. The atmosphere was a bit more lively as there were more tables this time. I don't rate restaurants based on patrons, and I won't deduct points.. but it's worth pointing out. One of my friends is very poor in English and she will frequently substitute a word out for Cantonese if she doesn't know it in English. The people sitting next to us seemed offended by this and kept glaring over at our table every time she had to do it...not sure what to make of that, or if those types of customers are frequently there but it made us feel awkward enough to remember it. The service was great starting up, friendly, attentive, and helpful. I recommended the pork buns to all my friends, and we all got an order. I wasn't alone in loving them again, as all my friends agreed they tasted amazing. My friend also ordered spring rolls, which although I didn't try, she said tasted amazing and she was pleased. All of our meals came out and were good. I don't remember everything ordered, since we kinda all shared everything, but nothing on the table was bad by any means. Once the table next to us left, the atmosphere seemed as friendly as it did my first visit (even with it still being more crowded). This time the wait for the check was shorter, but, still kinda had to do the one-arm-cocked-awkwardly-with-2-fingers-up to get the check. Pros - +Great tasting food +Great atmosphere (usually?) +Nice staff +Good menu variety +Pork buns. +Great prices +Good amount of food Cons - -Parking (pretty sure it's mostly street and the spot I was in wasn't meant for me) -The wait for the check Overall : I would recommend people try this place at least once. I enjoyed my meals both times, as did all of my companions. I'd further recommend that everybody tries the Pork Buns. ...Unless if you're vegetarian... then you probably shouldn't try them.
I really, really want to love Han Noodle Bar, but I'm just not there yet. Being gluten free, it's hard to find a Chinese restaurant that can identify which items are gluten free, or can be made that way (they can provide a version of the menu with these indicated).  I really appreciate that, but I haven't been overwhelmed with the food or the service. I've enjoyed the dishes I've had (Meifun, HoFen, Fried rice, etc) but have found them a bit dry and bland.  Twice I've asked for a side of GF soy sauce at the start of my meal.  It seems the servers rely on the cook to provide the GF soy sauce, so I've never gone it until I was done (or not at all, once). In general the servers are nice but not very engaged or attentive. Overall, I wish there was more clarity about how the gluten-free items are made gluten free - it's unclear whether items are left out of the dishes (standard and easier, but leads to blander food), or are they substituted with GF options?.  I've asked, to no avail, and for a strict GF diner it can be hard being comfortable eating somewhere the servers don't have an intimate knowledge of the food.
Would recommend this restaurant to someone who likes good Chinese food and noodle dishes.  Han offers a lot of different types of dishes than your typical Chinese takeout.   My family ordered the beef tendon red pork hock and the pork and chicken steam buns.  All were great.  I will be definitely returning.
So the best part of my experience at Han was when I ordered the Singapore Meifun - and said to the waitress "I think I'll have the chicken"...and she replied "well, it actually comes with all those items listed" (chicken, pork, shrimp,egg) - what an awesome concoction and it was pretty amazing!  I also had the steamed stuffed buns with chicken which were delicious.   I look forward to going back at some point and trying the many other items on the menu.  The service was excellent, the food came out quick and its very, very affordable especially given the quality of the food. Oh - and yes, its BYOB - yay!  My friend and I brought a small mini bar of drinks which added immensely to the experience.
One of my favorite noodle places in Rochester. I love their beef tendon soup. Its great because they can make any dish spicy. Their steamed dumplings are also quite good. They make it from scratch, and you can tell because its very juicy!
It's extremely difficult to find a place in Rochester that serves Pork Belly in general. Usually you would have to go to Toronto or NYC /Boston Chinatown to find good pork belly. My favorite dish is the Pork Belly w/ Preserved Turnip. Hands down.  The other dishes are great and of course their infamous Pork Belly Buns are to die for. Spring rolls are fantastic.
I've been to Han Noodle Bar three times now and I can confidently say that I am a fan! As a college student I'm always looking for well-priced Asian food, and my two go-to spots these days are Han Noodle and Pho Duong Dong. The kitchen in Han is small, so only two or three chefs will be working at one time. Sometimes this can result in delays to your order. If you are in a rush, I would suggest calling and ordering your food ahead of time. The food can be pretty great. They have a large menu (maybe a bit too large--cutting down on menu options would both speed up time in the kitchen and allow the chefs to focus on quality) that offers appetizers, steamed bun, broth noodles, dry noodle, and stir fry. When you go to Han Noodle it is pretty much a necessity to order the steamed pork belly bun. If you're adverse to eating the fat of the pork, then I would opt out for the spicy chicken bun instead. I've never ordered the scallion pancake from Han, but for only $2 I'm sure that it would be a tasty appetizer. I'm still experimenting and trying to figure out which main course is the best. Last time I had the house stir fry and I thought it was unique and tasted pretty good. I've also ordered the five-spice beef broth noodle and that dish hit the spot on a frigidly cold evening. Overall, Han Noodle Bar leaves a nice impression on me. I feel lucky that I have decent Asian food right by my apartment. The owner (or who I assume is the owner) seems to be working every night that I come in. It's obvious that he is passionate about Han Noodle's success as a restaurant. Sometimes I wish the food served was a little more authentic, because it does seem a bit 'Americanized' for my taste. It's a nice added bonus that they have the cutest waitress in town. I will be back many times with my friends.
A solid three stars. The vegetable spring rolls ($3) were fresh and the steamed buns with the braised beef (2 for $4) were delicious. The beef hofen ($8) was a miss for me. The flat rice noodles were too mushy and the beef was very chewy. There are plenty of options on the menu to choose from which is great. Definitely worth a visit if you're looking for a decent meal that's dirt cheap.
I still love this place, our meal last night was delicious and yes, we each ordered our own pork belly buns.  I had delicious soup, hot & sour for $1.50, cheap!!  and we shared crab Rangoon, not my choice but I was starving and they arrived quickly. I was envious of my dining companions beef noodle dish, it was off the charts delicious. In fact he ate every bite...well I had a few bites too.  I ordered shredded pork and tofu and it was lighter and delicious as well. However, this place needs a deep clean.  It is filthy. The bathroom need to be DEEP cleaned and the entrance issue needs to be addressed.  They actually had poster board stapled to 2 x 4's and it was faded and had holes in it, really? Also, all the staff were either on their iPhones or computers, really?!? But, as we left the man at the front, on his computer paused and inquired as to how our meal was and I appreciate that. We will be back with hopes of a cleaner restaurant and bathroom.
Pork belly buns. We've been here several times, tried many main courses.  The best ones are pretty nice, very comforting bowls of noodles and broth, nothing that will knock your sock off with flavor.  But nice.  The lesser dishes are OK, but bland.  You'll find yourself loading up on the condiments if you order one of these. So, why all the return trips?  Pork belly buns.  They are magically delicious.  I have gone there and had nothing but the buns for dinner, since nothing else I've had there compares.  I rarely drive down Monroe ave without stopping in for an order or two.  Or three.   Sweet, savory, spicy, a little acidic, and with that amazing, incredibly luxurious pork belly texture.  I just talked myself into ditching work early to stop by for some.
I don't know what took me so long to get here!  Came with a friend on a Friday night -- we had to wait a bit (which she alleged had never happened to her before, which is possibly true?  The staff seemed very overwhelmed).  But we were ok with that.  We had brought our own bottle of wine and got to drink it out of teacups!  Adorbs. We shared the pork steamed buns (YUM) and the crab ragoon (SUPER YUM).  We each had a noodle dish, which was yummy and greasy, but sort of what I was expecting.  Dinner was super cheap (About $25 for two) and relatively quick to come to the table. I'll definitely be back!
I went to try this place at a very cold day while I was looking for some authentic Chinese food place. Both yelp and the Chinese student Association website in Rochester told me this is a place worth trying so I did. I ordered the beef brisket noodle soup and the braised pork bun. The beef brisket and soup were good but the noodle was mushy. To be honest, even the dry noodle stocked in my apartment has a better taste. Only wish the noodle could be more chewy. The bun has a nice flavor, but the pork has too much fat meat in side that I had to pick that piece out. There was only one waitress there and she wasn't very attentive. I caught her attention for a few times saying "excuse me". She met my eyesight and then just walked away to attend the other table. Ordered onion pancake and braised beef bun to go for my hubby. Both were average and didn't wow him. I'd still give it a four cuz the price is reasonable.
Han Noodle Bar is yummy, has a good noodle selection and very reasonably priced. A bunch of us had a little going away dinner a few nights ago. One of my friends offhandedly saw one of the waiters/cooks eating a slice of watermelon on the porch and said it looked good. Next thing we knew they brought us a bunch of slices. It was super nice of them.
Take-out experience left me wanting more...more food and not necessarily from here. While the Buddhist Delight was fine taste wise, the portion size was underwhelming and akin to an appetizer.  The worst?  They didn't include the rice.  Boo. Veggie dumplings seemed like a good idea, until the container was opened.  Six to an order, all very very small, and two without filling.  Almost felt like a slap in the face. The highlight were the steamed buns.  Delicate and well put together.  Can't say much else considering the bar hadn't been set high. Like a nice pair of buns won't save someone from a lack of personality, these buns weren't enough to save my disappointing experience.
Buns buns buns, buns, the spicy diced chicken buns would get 5 stars hands down. The mini cuttle fish was prepared well, not rubbery or tough but the szechuan peppercorn oil was one note, not really hot and spicy, no savory element, a bit boring. The dan dan mein had gravy that was oilier than I would have expected. The singapore meifun was flavorful. Nothing really stood out except those buns.
Han Noodle Bar is a great place--amazingly cheap, amazingly delicious. As everyone else has noted, the standout items are the steam buns, particularly the pork buns (the chicken buns are very tasty as well). Other very good appetizers are the steamed dumplings and the crispy tofu. If you like szechuan pepper corns, try the edamame. For main courses, the consistent winners are the zha jiang mein (known on the street as B13) and the black bean beef hofen. The stuff on the "popular Chinese" menu section is generally good but more run-of-the-mill, so I would recommend ordering from the other parts of the menu. But the really outstanding thing about Han is how inexpensive it is for the amount of food you get. An order of steam buns, an appetizer or two, and a shared main course is enough food for two people and will clock in at under $20. Han is by far the best cheap meal in Rochester.
Having lived in NY and San Francisco most of my adult life, I've developed a discriminating palate for Chinese food. Han Noodle isn't the most authentic or the best Chinese food I've ever had but everything here is solid. It's been my go-to Chinese takeout since moving to Rochester. Cumin lamb, wonton soup, spicy chicken buns, ja jang myun, spicy squid... They are all well prepared. Han Noodle Bar is perfect for when you're craving that comfort Chinese food.
I should have updated this one a long time ago. Pork belly buns are still amazing, dan dan mien has come a long way, and the service has been attentive and pleasant each time since my first visit.   Nice place to go and share a bunch of small plates.  Who doesn't want a plate full of tendon, a pile of cuttlefish and some preserved vegetables?
I came to Han Noodle Bar hungry, but knowing that I would be having dinner with my family two hours later. So, I decided to get the spicy chicken steamed buns (only $4). The pictures of the steam buns from previous reviews are misleading because I expected the buns to be much larger than they were. A lot of the pictures are close up so you can't tell the size difference. I would say that each bun is about the size of a deck of cards. This was really great for me because I was able to satisfy my hunger but not fill up too much before the dinner I would be having later. The food was good and the service was friendly. I'm looking forward to going there for a full meal!
Due to Monroe restaurants not being open during their stated hours, we stopped at Han Noodle Bar. I thought they would be a good choice since it would be a late lunch and I had a filling dinner planned. We checked the Yelp recommendations and ordered the pork belly buns, pan fried noodles, and steamed chicken dumplings. Here are my quick thoughts. Steamed chicken dumplings - the winner. 6 for $3, slightly spicy ground chicken filling. Pork belly buns - initially dry, but discovered the sauce was unevenly spread. It was tasty during the bun's last quarter, but the meat was lacking juices. Pan fried noodles - bland in taste and look. My friend enjoyed the noodles enough, but it was not appealing to me.
My go to place for Chinese food at lunch time. Great food, great variety, great prices! I usually order from their House Specials Menu, and of course, their legendary steamed buns. My only issue is that their pickled veggies are too sweet, but they do balance well against some of the saltier traditional dishes. My co-workers order the General Chicken, which according to them it's the best, and they order it every time we go!
First time eating here, was pleasantly surprised. Though to be fair I have pretty low expectations for Chinese food in this city (hater, I know). We started with the steamed pork belly buns, which were fatty and delicious. They are almost exactly like Taiwanese gua bao. For entrees I got the spicy diced chicken noodle soup, and my dining partner got the Dan Dan noodles. Flavors were nice, portions were nice. I wish the noodle soup came with more goodies (there was just the lightly breaded chicken, some green peppers, and the chili peppers which are inedible), but for 7 bucks I ain't complainin. Dan Dan noodles needed more cucumber and was a teensy heavy on the sauce. Overall though, a great meal. I'm happy and will return to try different dishes.
I like you Han Noodle Bar. You're cheap, and delicious. These are two of my favorite things. I have tried a bunch of the appetizers and enjoyed all of them. The buns are awesome! I have tried both the chicken and mushroom ones. I also really like the fried tofu, and the spring rolls. Pretty much every time I come here I get the lo mien. I generally would be a little more adventurous with my tastes, but it's just so good. I hate crappy take out lo mien generally, so the fact that this one is good makes me happy. I always ask for them to make it spicy and it adds a lot more flavor to the dish. Also the server is always very nice and helpful.
Table looked dirty when we sat down. Waiter took some time to bring our order. Honestly, the food was greasy, but I was too hungry to care. Don't have the sweet chili buns.. Tasted like they just bought bottled sweet chili and squirted it on boiled chicken and put it in a bun. Pork belly bun was most memorable. Da Jing moan, definitely aftertaste. Fish hotpot... Just tasted like cornstarch and soy sauce.
This is one place I've been meaning to check out but never found the right time. It finally worked out when the other places I planned to check out on Monroe were closed. I was hoping for a quick lunch but with service and cook time we were there for nearly an hour. They seemed to have a lot of take-out orders to fill. We ordered the pork belly buns, pan fried noodles, and steamed veggie dumplings. The meat inside the buns was delicious, but the buns were bland. The dumplings were good all around. I enjoyed the pan fried noodles but did not expect them to be completely crunchy. They tasted better after soaking up some of the sauce, and then better still as leftovers.
I'm not sure that what I just ate was actually chicken. It had no flavor and was floppy like a thick rubber band. Basically inedible. The Black Bean Chicken dish had approximately 10 black beans on the entire plate. Not at all what I was hoping for. It's incomprehensible that this is one of the most highly rated restaurants in the area. Chalk this one up as just another in a long line of Rochester restaurants that people love only because it's trendy and they like to be seen eating here. You can do better. Stop being hipster lemmings.
Summary: Han Noodle Bar is a restaurant that specializes in noodles (no surprise), and has a variety of broth and non broth dishes.  There are also non-noodle dishes too. Price: Relatively inexpensive for the amount of home made ingredients appear to be going into the dishes.  Main broth and noodle dishes are $7-10, and the steamed meat buns are $4 for an order of $2.  I never feel like I'm being ripped off. Taste: Everything I've tried so far is quite good.  Some more than others, but I've enjoyed it all.  My absolute favorite thing so far is the Spicy Diced Chicken Steamed Buns.  The flavor of the chicken is unique and delicious, and the consistency of the bun is just right.  The Roast Pork Broth Noodle with thin yellow noodles has been my favorite noodle dish so far.  The pork is delicious, and I'm not normally a pork person.  I've also tried the pork belly buns, Dan Dan Noodles, and Spicy Chicken Broth Noodles with Lo Mein.  I didn't really care for the Dan Dan, as other people mentioned, the aftertaste is odd.  But it's edible. Atmosphere: I don't really like Monroe Ave.  It's kind of busy, and everything is cramped.  That said, there is a parking lot here, shared with Dogtown, and the times I go, this works well.  The interior is really enjoyable to me for some reason; you can see the chef in the back making the dishes, and the tables are laid out in a friendly manner.  It's nice inside. Service: There is one waitress that works on a certain day that is like the nicest person ever.  It does sort of balance out though as this particular waitress doesn't refill water glasses as much, but whatever.  I haven't had any problems at all with the staff here.  In fact, the one Chinese guy that rang me out, which seems like he may be the owner, or a chef, is totally cool and enjoyable to talk to. Overall: I love it here.  It does so much right.  I give it a solid 4.5.   Why not a 5 you ask?: I've tried a handful of noodle dishes based on what sounds good from the menu, and some of them were different than what I was expecting.  The roast pork had large pieces of leafy vegetables, and the spicy chicken was named because of the chilis that are added to the broth and combined with green peppers.  The menu doesn't indicate any of this.  Thankfully, I like pretty much everything and haven't been disappointed, but I was surprised a couple times from what came out in my bowl.  It's probably my fault for not asking, I know, but most menus are a little more clearer as to what you'll actually be getting in your bowl.  That said, it's all still been delicious.
Food is ok, but why go here when SEA and Pho Viet are right down the road? A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant would have better food. A few good items don't exactly call for a four or a five, plus the service is sub-par. Don't waste your time.
This place is good, What I like about this place is that the place offers a good selection of variant chinese foods. So far I had duck skin buns, grill pork belly noodles, and beef chow fun. And it is good!!!!! I will love to come here more often
The food is probably 4 stars. We had the steamed pork buns, a beef brisket rice plate & a roasted duck noodle bowl. Prices are reasonable and servings are large enough to share. I have it just three stars because the service was slow. We ordered water to drink and never got refills. No one checked on us and we had to ask for the check and to-go boxes. If I'm in the area again, I might stop in. Not sure if we would purposefully go again though.
The food is probably 4 stars. We had the steamed pork buns, a beef brisket rice plate & a roasted duck noodle bowl. Prices are reasonable and servings are large enough to share. I have it just three stars because the service was slow. We ordered water to drink and never got refills. No one checked on us and we had to ask for the check and to-go boxes. If I'm in the area again, I might stop in. Not sure if we would purposefully go again though.
Han Noodle was the first place I tried pork belly buns in Rochester. My first tasting was in NYC and it's hard to compare when I was blown away by that place. The pork belly at Han's is flavorful and tasty with a slight crisp on the outside but disappointed by the bun itself. It didn't melt in my mouth like my first experience elsewhere.  It is soft but doughy . It is something I recommend others to try because it does taste good just know that their buns are not perfect. I would be interested to know if any other restaurants have this on their menu.
I can't lie - I love the pork dumplings, steamed buns, and tendon soup. Service is great, flavor sat rich and clean.
It was our first visit to Han and it was a good one. I am a advocate of simple, fresh and authentic taste, especially when it comes to Chinese food (Cantonese in particular). Afterall, this is a noodle/rice house so it only makes sense to order ourselves soup noodles and rice plates. As a treat, we added a side order of the braised pork buns that everyone online raves about. Let me just first say, this was the best young-chow fried rice that I've tasted for a long long time. Aside from places in Toronto, no one else comes close (that includes NYC). The portion wasn't small either. What a nice surprise that was. As the second order, the noodle soup with braised pork was served in a thin clear broth and egg noodles. Just the way we wanted it. Even though this noodle soup was tasty, I do have to say though that the Cantonese egg noodle was not as stringy,  chewy and snappy as it came to expect (according to my guest, it had a texture more towards ramien). Lastly, the braised pork buns were a bit more ordinary, not enough to call it a disappointment however. The buns were barely lukewarm and they didn't look like they came straight out of a steamer (they weren't dry per se). The meat however was very well seasoned and was everything we came to expect. It was perfectly cooked and the meat/fat ratio was just right. Perhaps it wasn't fair to be critical at all about any of our orders from Han, as this was still Upstate NY. The food was far better than most places that we have visited and it was definitely quality enough to bring us back. The fried rice alone deserved every bit of my 4 stars if not more. It was just that we expected its signature dish to be much more, based on cost and all the positive reviews.
At Han Noodle Bar, they cook they way they want to eat. For real, that's their slogan and rightfully so, the food is fresh and delicious. Han provides traditional Chinese food but with a flavorful twist. The space, which was Oasis Mediterranean Restaurant for years has been completely renovated and now looks very Ikea-esque. A large "noodle bar" greets you upon arrival along with a chalk board of the days specials.  The space is small but clean with wooden floors, tiny white furniture and white cups and bowls and nothing is out of place. Han is a Type A's dream come true! The staff is knowledgeable and friendly but don't ask to alter your order (sub chicken for shrimp or mushrooms for scallions). During my last visit the chef was kind enough to explain to me that by altering his dishes he would be altering the authenticity of the meal. Respectable. Not to worry, Han's menu is literally 4 pages of Chinese goodness! Han offers everything from traditional Chinese, to Clay pots, broth and non broth noodles, a whole section dedicated to vegetarians and even a kids menu. Han has it all. The best thing on the menu? BUNS. Buns are a steamed dough filled with meat or vegetables or both! I had encountered my first Bun at Fatty Cue in NYC years ago and was hoping they'd make their way to Rochester. The Buns at Han are so delicious that I usually take 2 to go for a late night snack or the next days lunch. Since I'm living in Vegetarian land, I've only had the braised Shitaki mushroom bun. If you want to spice it up add a shot of sriracha Sauce. Han Noodle Bar is one of my faves, a good stand by, it really never lets you down. If you're like me wine tastes good with everything and at Han there is no cork fee so bring a bottle (or three) and enjoy the view of a bustling Monroe Avenue while enjoying some bun.
Went here for lunch with a friend yesterday. Started with the scallion pancake and pork belly buns, both of which were very tasty. My friend had the wonton broth noodles. The wontons were delicious, definitely a step above typical takeout fare. The noodles were tasty, but the broth was lacking in flavor. Adding soy sauce helped, but "mild" is about the nicest way I can describe it. I got the spicy diced chicken broth noodles, which comes with thick white noodles that soaked up the spicy flavor of the broth nicely. The green bell peppers were well cooked: tender but not mushy. The chicken was so-so. It seemed to have been breaded, which ended up slightly soggy in the broth. I was not disappointed and we may go back, but I was hoping for more impressive broth noodles from a restaurant with "noodle bar" in the name.
My husband and I were interested in trying out this place.  We ordered the Braised Pork Belly stuffed steam bun, the Spicy Diced Chicken stuffed steam bun, B13 (Zha Jiang Mein), and B3 (Dan Dan Mein).  Out of all the items we ordered, I only liked picking out the spicy battered chicken bits out of the bun.  The pork belly was overly fatty and I didn't really care for the seasoning; the Zha Jiang Mein had a bland black bean sauce, while the Dan Dan Mein's sauce had a kick and tasted a tad bit better, but only when you're forced to choose between the two!  While the menu items were nicely priced (noodles were $7 and the pork buns were $4), and they gave you a sickening amount of noodles for a serving, we left being pretty disappointed.  I'm glad I got to try this place out, but was not a fan at all!
I have to give this place 4 stars for consistently making delicious pork steamed buns. I'm addicted, these are the best I've had around, and I will keep coming back for more. If you haven't ever tried them, please do yourself a favor and order them. Your life will be changed...
I absolutely love this place.  The staff is top notch, very friendly and they know their stuff! First off, I must admit, I am more of a takeout guy. You know, the traditional Chinese take out shtick. After enjoying many take out meals from Han Noodle, I decided to sit down with my friend one night and enjoy a sit down meal.  The waitress was always attentive, asking if water needed to be filled, etc etc. The service was great.  I was getting over a bad cold this night, so I opted to go for something soothing and warm.  Thankfully, they had a nice personal pot of jasmine tea at our table. YUMMY!  So great for a cold.   My friend ordered the Shredded pork/ roasted pork white stir fry noodle and some won ton soup as well. I ordered a quart sized Beef/Shrimp won ton soup (big bowl - broth stock is made in house - amazing) and 4 mini egg rolls (they recently changed the name to fresh spring roll - they were really tasty)  For me with a cold and feeling ill, this was a perfect sized meal and perfect for the irritated throat.  The bill was seriously no more than $14-$15 bucks. Items I have had in the past, are: Soft scrambled egg with beef or shrimp; Crispy pan fried noodle; Lomein and wonton I highly recommend sitting down and enjoying the place rather than take out if you must.  Getting to know the owners was great. The staff are great. if you are in and around the Monroe Ave. area (I live across the street down Oxford St.) give Han Noodle a try. What is truly different from most Chinese takeout/sit in places?  Most other places have your cookie cutter standard 'lo mein', 'shrimp and noodles' etc etc -- filled w/ more veggies than anything. So, if you are interested in getting bloated with veggies, then stick to the traditional Chinese places.   If you want the GOOD stuff like Chuanjiao pork/beef, Duck, Braised shiitake over seasonal  green, amazing pork dumplings and Braised tofu, go to HAN NOODLE BAR!!!
In California this place would have received 4 stars, but asian food in Rochester isn't quite as good as back home. All the food that I've had here is fantastic! Me and my bestie came here and he let me handle the order which made me nervous because he was visiting from out of town and I wanted to make sure he had a good first meal in Rochester. First we started with the cumin beef and pork belly buns.  Both were delicious.  The pork belly buns are so so so fantastic. I love the light and fluffy bun which the delicious meat on the inside. Then we had the lo mein and ginger scallion beef. Both were exceptional quality and really delicious. I would definitely order both of those again. If you can go when the weather is nice that is ideal because they have a cute little patio out front to sit at.
I'm happy to say I was wrong about Han, though I'm rounding my 3.5 star rating down to 3 because I recently got two desserts for takeout and they were just okay. We decided to try Han again last night. As you have probably read in my previous review, my last experience was lackluster, at best, and I walked away disappointed by a restaurant that had so much potential. I decided to give it a few months to improve and came back on a rainy Thursday night. I immediately took note of the decor changes. The old tables and chairs had become completely replaced by newer, more high-end versions, and there no longer existed the table in the corner where everyone faced the wall (or as I like to think of it, "the bad kids table"). I was impressed by the upgrade and I hoped the service was more attentive than last time. It was decent. Granted, there were only like five people in the whole restaurant and we didn't get our tea until AFTER we were done with our appetizers, but for the most part, all of our needs were met. We ordered the pork belly buns to start. They were as amazing as I remembered them and we placed another order immediately after finishing our first order. Recalling my disappointment with my broth noodles last time, I opted for the wok fried Cantonese roast pork noodle and my girlfriend got the veggie lo mein. Our dishes were both good, not great. The light coating of spiciness on my noodles was nice, but the roast pork itself was indistinguishable from the pork used in lo mein and fried rice in most restaurants in the city. The price was great though. $23 for two mains, two orders of delicious buns, and two pots of tea is a good deal. Afterward, I spoke with the owner and suggested that he should consider making a red bean dessert bun. He said he would experiment with it and see if it made sense. I think Han is headed in the right direction, but I'm still waiting for a few minor improvements that will allow me to give it a 4 or 5 star review.
My partner and I went to Han on a Sunday evening, and the previously mentioned lousy service was present, with only 1 woman (who looked like she would rather be anywhere else but there) giving service. She was attentive, but way overworked (as was the kitchen). Still, I have to give her credit for managing things single-handed. We started off with a special starter, 'five spice beef', which was, frankly, a bit underwhelming. It's a sort of smoky-marinated slice of very inexpensive beef (with a bit of gristle in it), which, due to being marinated, was rather easy to chew. Still, it was at best unremarkable. If I see it on the menu again, I won't order it. For main dishes, we ordered the pork belly with pickled turnips, and the Hot sour cilantro, basil shrimp and squid soup. The pork belly was a bit on the smoky side (the pork fat is left in for taste, those who complain should know...), but was rather tasty, albiet just a bit salty. Had I known how similar it was to the starter, I would've probably had a different starter. The soup was wonderful (although a bit messy, since the lo mein noodles were a bit glutinous-order it with thin noodles!), and was just spicy enough to be interesting, instead of blazing hot (like many Korean style soups are). This dish alone would make a great lunch. Also, a few days back, I had a simple pork with garlic sauce as a take-out lunch, and was very pleased with it (not your usual sugar-infused faux Chinese style, that's for sure!). I can likewise recommend it. Demerits must be mentioned for the lack of beer, and the rather plain green tea (next time, I'll try the jasmine tea), which, they have the balls to charge extra for! Also, the 'hipster crowd' there can be a bit annoying, too (note to the Morrisey-circa-1986-lookalike at the next table: I was into The Smiths before your parents had even finished puberty, and even Morrisey gave up on THAT look 20 years ago. Try doing something original, maybe?). I would probably give an overall rating of 3.5 stars (and will return soon!), but feel that because of other fairly harsh reviews, I'll round UP this time to help the average. They aren't perfect, but we need more places like this in town. There's far too much crap Chinese food locally.
Mmm, I love their pork belly or beef steamed buns, chili edamame, and scallion pancake as fair as appetizers go. It is a noodle bar so obviously that is their best dish, I love plain old vegetable lol mein. Also fairly priced.
Another favorite place of mine.   Good food and great prices.  I recommend this eatery!
Han, you're swell. You let us bring tons of wine and drink it up for free. You've got really sweet servers that give excellent service. Your food is super tasty and affordable. I loved the Chuanjiao beef with rice and spicy bean sauce, pepper, celery, and onion. Thanks for only charging $8 for that. It was tasty. I loved the pork buns ($4) too. YUM!   All my friends loved their food too. It was really nice of you to lower the lights when we sang Happy Birthday. It's little things like that will keep me coming back. See you soon, Han.
Always great food and friendly service. Suitable for any sort of diet that includes restrictions.
This place is awesome, every time I go in and try something new and it's better than the things i have had in the past.
The bun were great. We had the pork belly and spicy chicken. The pork belly were very good, but the chicken was also at least as good. it was a kind of crispy General Tso's with a Buffalo style sauce. Really the strength was in the bun itself. Stuff anything in there and it will taste good. But the pork belly is famous. We were in the restaurant for lunch and the person next to us ordered 3 servings as her lunch. Across the dining  room a fanatic yelled to the chef that they were "as good as ever!" As main courses, my wife got a beef soup and I got the Dan Dan Mein. Her soup was very good -- very fresh tasting and home cooked. ...like my Grandma used to make, except that she is a Polish Buffalonian. My Dan Dan Mein was weird. The waitress told me it had mouth numbing heat, which was actually literal. This dish had an odd chemical flavor and actually did make my whole mouth tingle and then became kind of numb. But it wasn't extremely hot.  I didn't really like it and can not recommend it.
I used to real like Hans noodle at the beginning few months. Then the portion starts to get smaller and smaller, rice is fine, but the meat and vegetable... The bun is still great, except once or twice,the standard seem fluctuating now that the restaurant is getting more popular and not worrying about not having customer. Another thing to keep in mind is, the rice noodle bowl which has chicken or duck in it... For me, an Asian, we are used to having tiny bones floating in the soup but for some Western Elderly people, they didn't expect it as we do. Twice, they chewed on bones without expecting it. Again, I might be too sensitive. But it's worth improving and be careful. I just hope Hans noodle can improve the portion, especially Singapore fried noodles and the meat/veggie on entree dishes.
Ordered 5 appetizers: steamed veggie dumplings, fried pork dumplings, veggie spring rolls (steamed), scallion pancakes, and cuttlefish. All delicious. The cumin lamb entree was very tasty but I would not recommend eating any of the hot red peppers unless you have a high tolerance for pain. Very tasty overall.
I'm trying really hard to like Han Noodle Bar, but it's just not doing it for me. Maybe my taste buds have been forever spoiled by Chinese food in Toronto.  With that said, Han Noodle Bar still remains an above average Chinese food option in Rochester. They have an expansive menu with many vegetarian friendly options. Most dishes are around $8, which makes the restaurant pocketbook friendly.  All my visits to the restaurant have been accompanied with friendly and attentive service. A friend ordered a dish that she didn't like. The waitress caught on to this immediately and  replaced the dish without even being asked. I've been to Han's twice now and i'm still looking for that one dish that will keep me coming back for more. So far I haven't found it yet. Like the other reviewers have said, the pork buns are amazing. They are on par with the ones I've had in NYC, including at Ippudo and Momofuku. However, all the other dishes I've tried have been just average. So far I have tried the Beef Ho Fun and the Mapo Tofu. Nothing memorable, in my opinion. The Ho Fun lacked what we call in Cantonese "wok hay", a smokey essence that is present in wok stir-fry dishes. The Mapo Tofu was more on the bland side and lacked the spiciness I am accustomed to in the dish. Next time i'll see if they can put some extra chili oil/spice into it. Although far from perfect, these two dishes were still very edible. I will be back to try their pork belly over preserved turnip.
I have eaten noodles from Bali to Singapore to Hong Kong all the way to a few in far flung places like Amsterdam and Stockholm and back. So when I tell you that Han Noodle Bar has some of the best food that I've had at any of these joints, understand I know from noodle joints.   The menu has a lot of variety and a wide array of foods you don't see unless you travel to the real deal chinese restaurants where there is no English on the menu in New York or San Francisco.  Their steamed buns were flawless. We tried the braised beef buns, which were savory, with just the smallest hint of sweet. Scallion pancakes were thin and crispy, not greasy.   Their egg drop soup is traditional excellence.  The Singapore noodles were perfectly prepared, nice and crispy around the edges, with great vegetables and chicken.  I tried the pork and pickled cabbage noodle bowl, which was so good because the pork wasn't tough from being overcooked. It was soft and balanced in a nice fresh broth against the pickled cabbage, which one should not knock until they try it. The service was prompt and attentive and courteous.  Parking wasn't too bad at lunch.   My only critique, for as good as this place is, is that they should get standard green tea/black tea leaves, and not put bags in the pot.  For all of the attention to detail in everything else that they do, that seemed a little too Lipton instant. Now I have to try Chinese food in Toronto. If Arvid Y. says that it tops this joint, then it is some of the best in the world out of the dozens and dozens I've dove into.
My husband and I tried Han Noodle Bar for the first time this past weekend and really enjoyed our meal. First off, it's a small and intimate space with very friendly service.  Our server was more than happy to describe each of their noodle options to me since I'm a total noodle novice which definitely helped in my decision making.   We started with an order of crispy and delicious crab rangoons.  Rangoons are pretty standard fare but these stood out as being exceptionally well prepared and not overly cream cheesey. They were served with a mango chili sauce which added to the tastiness. Next we split an order of the chicken buns which were amazing!  The buns themselves are like a super soft & pillowy silver dollar pancake folded over the tasty filling of your choice.  YUM!  I had no idea such a thing existed but now I'm sold on buns! I had the singapore noodles for my entree and ate everything on my plate!  Everything here was fresh and enjoyable and best of all inexpensive.  We will definitely be back.
The hubby and I ate here for dinner the other day. We had the spring roles, cuttle fish, and pork belly buns for starters. All were pretty good. We loved the buns, but the meat in them was a bit stingy. For our meals I had the singapore noodles and my husband had the duck noodles in the broth. The singapore noodles were pretty good, but again, there wasn't enough meat on it. There were only 2 baby shrimp on it and the shrimp is the only reason I got the plate. The duck in the noodles with broth was quite bland. My husband liked the duck at first because the skin was crispy, but that subsided as it soaked up the broth. Overall the flavors were good, some too bland, but we could move past that. We'd like to try more food here. We wish that they wouldn't be so stingy with the meat however. I gave it 4 stars because I couldn't give it 3 1/2.
The name doesn't really do this place justice. When my boyfriend and I first discovered this place, we were skeptic to go in. We were think it was a place that was a bar and served noodles. At the time, it didn't sound appealing. When our friend said she tried it and it was good, I just had to try it for myself. The menu had so many things that reminded me of asian food from back home. I was having a hard trouble of deciding what to try because I wanted to try everything! I decided to get the Beef Brisket, Tendon with daikon. Oooooo wee was it SUPER DELICIOUS! I finished every single bite. CLEANLINESS: Very clean. SIZE: A bit small, but if you go by yourself, you can sit at the bar. WAITER(S)/WAITRESS(ES): Very nice, friendly, and attentive. And I thought Chopsticks cleared my craving of bay area asian food, but this is just the icing on the cake. I am definitely going to keep going back until I've tried everything on the menu!
Han's is the best cheap Asian food in Rochester. It is also the best quick, good and cheap food in Rochester. Truly, Han's is the only place in Rochester that tempts me to spend money on food out of the house. The pork buns are really yummy and it's one of very few places that has some real Asian stuff I've never heard of. The duck is also very tasty.
During a Rochester day trip, we checked out the local Yelp reviews and found this gem for a mid day snack. We had 2 beverages, 2 spring rolls, a scallion pancake and 6 pcs of crab rangoon all for 10.52 including tax. Everything was delicious and everyone there was so friendly with smiles everywhere. The next t ime I'm in the area I'll besure to stop back for more!
I've never gotten food that I didn't like at Han. I have, however, had at times had issues with service. From a botched take out order to specials that didn't indicate clearly enough what was in the meal. I once ordered a dish that I was unaware was served cold and the waitress had an "oh well" attitude when I suggested they add that to the board it was listed on. The food is a 4 and the service is a 2, hence the 3 score.
I am impressed with their dishes and good/reasonable prices. I think this is the best Chinese food in Rochester.
I went here with a friend to grab dinner on a Sunday night. We weren't sure what to expect but were impressed. We had the cumin beef appetizer, which was amazing (especially given the $3 price tag). Both of our meals were hot, fresh, and very flavorful and at great prices. The service was friendly and the place was pretty busy for a Sunday evening. I would highly recommend this place. The ambiance is great, prices are great, food is great. I will be back!
I went with 4 other people and for appetizers we ordered crispy tofu, shitake steamed buns, and the spring rolls.  Everything was tasty but the shitake steamed buns were amazing!  We also ordered the mustard green and tofu noodles, garlic shrimp, clay pot fish, and singapore noodles.  Everyone loved their dishes and the portions were very generous.  I was happy they had a vegetable broth option for the noodles and for an extra dollar you could get extra veggies, which I did.  I am definitely going back.  This place is great :)
Food was awesome! Eat there and you won't be disappointed in the food!!!! Service was ok but I base my opinion on the food and will definitely be going back and recommend it to my coworkers.
Delicious, relatively inexpensive food, and friendly staff. To reiterate what everyone has already said: PORK BELLY BUNS. Even if you're not usually a pork person (not my favorite). They're melt-in-your-mouth incredible. Next time we'll dine in and bring a bottle of wine- they were kind enough to suggest that the last time we were there.  Great Rochester establishment. We'll keep coming back!
Always a great experience. Owner is great and makes my custom order perfect everytime. Dumplings are great and cucumber salad is great too. Would have given 5 stars but i can taste a seafood taste in my stir fry chicken dish. They should use 2 diff woks 1 for meat and one for seafood, or am i imaganing this slight taste? Great place Always a great experience. Owner is great and makes my custom order perfect everytime. Dumplings are great and cucumber salad is great too. Would have given 5 stars but i can taste a seafood taste in my stir fry chicken dish. They should use 2 diff woks 1 for meat and one for seafood, or am i imaganing this slight taste? Great place
Han may be my favorite place for Chinese food in Rochester. Their pork steamed buns are a must. I recommend ordering many dishes to share amongst a group. I've never been disappointed!
Inexpensive, fresh, quick and clean. Steamed buns, cumin beef, crispy tofu every time for me....but everything there is great.
One of my favorite restaurants. Great food, Great service, Great prices. You can go here multiple times and have DIFFERENT and GREAT food tastes every time. I've had just about everything on the menu. They have a great selection of dim sum appetizers that you'll have a hard time finding anyplace else around. I started on the pork buns but like the chicken steamed buns best. I prefer the broth noodle (pho type dishes) better than a bunch of the Vietnamese restaurants around. When I get the broth dishes, I always get the white thick noodles. My favorites are the Roasted Pork (A11) and Basil Cilantro (A9). My favorite dish is the dan dan mien (B3). It uses szechuan peppercorns in the sauce, which other reviewers have described as an 'odd' or 'weird' aftertaste. They have a floral lemon flavor that leaves your mouth tingly / fizzy. Kinda like leaving coke or pepsi in your mouth. Add some spices and I'm in heaven. Its a very unique flavor (not being pretentious or hipstery) that I haven't had outside china. If you like spicy, give your taste buds something new and original. I order mine with extra peppercorns. Great traditional chinese food as well. its a BYOB restaurant with a quiet atmosphere. Love this place.
Some months back I heard an emphatic recommendation for the Monroe location from a bartender. We have tried to call for take-out a couple times but could never get someone to answer. Last night we went for dinner and were very disappointed. The edamame had a freezer-burned taste that was not covered well by the dried pepper flakes. The other dim sum items were not very impressive, and the sauces that accompanied each one was poorly flavored. The egg-drop soup had a smokey, burned taste, and the vegetable-tofu noodle stir-fry was seasoned with salt and soy sauce. Service was lackluster and the atmosphere was unimpressive. With all that in mind, we were surprised that it has been in business for as long as it has, and drew quite a crowd of, apparently, regulars. Our preference is for fresher, herbal-seasoned fare like Flavors of Asia, and (although it's been a while) I recall Ming's Noodles being far superior.
Great food and service!
I always go here with my daughter and we always love the food!
First time here and for Rochester, not bad at all. I've been spoiled with amazing steamed buns, noodles and dumplings from other similar places but han is not far off. Not to mention the prices...awesome and large portions. The food was not at all pretentious and was clean and simple. I would definitely recommend this place and will be back.
Coconut water was listed as a "special" which intrigued me.  My curiosity paid off when the waitress bought over a whole trimmed coconut with a straw stuck in it and explained that when I was done with the drink, the chef would chop it in half so I could scoop out the meat of the coconut for dessert.  It was as awesome as it sounds. We started with a few quick appetizers: Crab Rangoon and Scallion Pancakes - Josh's favorites.  The Crab Rangoon were delightfully crispy and the dipping sauce has a kick to it that contrasts well with the creamy filling in the dumplings.   The Scallion Pancakes are delicately seasoned with very fresh ingredients. For dinner I ordered the Crispy Pan-fried Noodle.  It comes with a delightful assortment of meats and vegetables in a flavorful but not overpowering sauce over a bed of noodles.  It is excellent.  Josh ordered Salt and Pepper Squid.  The seasoned crispy coating wakes up your taste buds to the perfectly cooked squid.  Honestly - every bite is a joy - no rubber texture here.     These meals have good portions - leaving you well fed but not usually with leftovers.  I had leftovers today though since I wanted to save room for the coconut.  It was totally worth it and their leftovers usually warm up well.  Also, everything is VERY affordable. Other excellent dishes I've tried:  Anything with black bean sauce, pork belly buns, cumin beef, Singapore Mei Fun, different broth noodle soups (which always provide leftovers).
Veggie Spring Rolls were good, as was the Egg Drop soup, basics done well. Yes, the Yelps are right, the Braised Pork Belly Steamed Buns are delicious. Also tried (and recommend) the House Broth Noodles (A-4). Very good. The soups are great dishes for cooler weather! The Lo Mein and Beef Ho Fen also got thumbs up reviews. Although not within walking distance for me, the food is worth the drive. The atmosphere is very causal, the chairs and table make for an almost like a diner feel to the place, but don't let the down-scale appearance effect your your experience, close your eyes if need be, and enjoy tasty tasty food.
I came back here the other day and the food is still really good.  But I ran into the same issues other people have mentioned: the TERRIBLE SERVICE.  So, -1 star Han, sorry. My last time here I had the pork belly with my noodle soup, and it was incredible.  You know what's better than that?  Pork belly steamed buns!  UNBELIEVABLE.  Next time I'll just have 2 orders of these for my meal.  The crab rangoon and dumplings were okay.  I didn't think the scallion pancakes were worth it. For my main, I decided to see if this was really an authentic Chinese restaurant.  So, I ordered the "Beef Ho Fen" aka Beef chow fun aka a lot of other phonetic spellings.  Basically, it's a stir-fried dish with wide rice noodles, bean sprouts, and slices of beef that I've had numerous times (see unnamed pic by Chris L.).  In a word: awesome.  I'm glad to say that this is just like what I remember eating in NYC or Boston Chinatowns.  I thought the portion was a little small, but I'm a big eater. Enough with the good.  Now onto the terrible service.  Don't come here on the weekend unless you want to be ignored by your server.  I understand that Han Noodle Bar is busy and that the place is completely filled with only 2 servers.  But you should prioritize and at least take a table's order within 10-15 minutes of seating them.  Or perhaps one of the owners could even take our order?  My party was really annoyed when a group that came in after us had their order taken and food served to them before us.  What gives, Han?  I'm seriously thinking of only getting takeout because the food is great (props to the chef(s)!) but the service needs work.  Or, I'll just come on a weekday when it isn't as busy.
The food is excellent and low-priced, the staff is ridiculously kind and attentive, and everything is served hot and in a timely manner. My waitress suggested I bring a bottle of wine for them to cork next time, as they are BYOB.
Although the price appears to be cheaper than other Chinese restaurants, the portion is TINY!! I'm a petite Asian female and everytime I went there, I felt like I just had a kid's meal, but at an adult price! Whenever I dine out, I usually box the leftover - and it usually lasts me another meal. But in Han noodle, I cleaned my plate without leaving a tiny slice of carrot behind and emptied my tiny bowl of rice before I even finished half a plate of the stir-fry. The meal was utterly dissatisfying! After paying almost $20 (I ordered an appetiser plus a main course), I went home and immediately looked for what was in my refrigerator and then ate 4 chicken wings to feel better. There are restaurants that serve smaller portion of food, but the food they prepared has high quality. The food at Han noodle is really mediocre! (Fish fillets fell apart and just 'melted' in your mouth. I can tell it's from some very cheap frozen fish fillets packs). The overall experience is just not good :(:(, except that the waitress is friendly. (I don't know how they feed the big guys...unless they "tailor-made" the portion for each customer..)
Their steamed dumplings are fantastic. The first time I came here I had the crab rangoons... Too much cream cheese inside and the mixture didn't taste right. Upon my second arrival I tried then again and they were really good! So inconsistency issues... I wanted to try the eddemame but after ordering over 10 minutes after we found out they didn't have any. Wah wah. Effort spring rolls instead. They were just fine. Next we ordered dandan noodles and kung pao shrimp. The fan fan noodles seemed so mushy and the gravy sauce that was on them lacked so much flavor. I had to put a ton of soy sauce on them for them to even have any flavor. I was unimpressed. The king pao shrimp had good flavor. But the shrimp and the veggies seemed really soft again  I thought they would at least try to get some texture on them to get them a little bit crispy with the sauce. Appetizers are good. Entrees not so much. Our server was very nice. But she never came back to check on us and I had to hunt get down to grab to go boxes and the check. I've been serving for a living for over ten years... We were the only take in there.. Unexcusable.
As Raheleh K. mentioned, this is a 4-star place in Cali, but definitely a 5-star place in Rochester!! I. love. this. place.!!! I have been here numerous times and it has never failed me. Being Taiwanese, I craved for a noodle and small-dish restaurant. I was ecstatic when this place opened AND was good. Ok enough about me, on to the food. Pork dumpling - delicious! They make their own!! Crispy tofu curry sauce - It is as it says. Wasn't blown away, but was tasty. Scallion pancake, sour cream - small portion, but crispy and good. Never thought to dip it in sour cream (normally it's soy sauce), but it works! Steamed bun - I haven't seen this at any other Chinese restaurant in ROC. I had the Shiitaki and bamboo and love it. So tasty esp with the sauce! Beef noodle soup - very popular dish. very good. Roast duck soup (A10) - The duck was good, but I had a lot of bone with my duck. Don't know if it was just my particular cut, or if that's always the case. Other than that the broth and meat were both good. Dan dan mian (B3) - a dry (non-soup) noodle dish with a pork-based meat sauce. It is definitely spicy! If you like spicy, try this one out. Beef HoFein w/ youchai (B10) - Get it. It's sooo good!! They do a great job making this particular dish. It's similar to the beef pepper steak dish you might get any Chinese take-out place, but this is made with "he fun" noodles which are rectangular and has a similar thickness as linguine, scallions, and bean sprouts. Highly recommended! Ginger scallion oil, bamboo and shiitaki (B4) - I personally like this dish a lot, but it might be enough for some people. It's a dry noodle dish mixed in with the ginger scallion oil and then topped with more scallions, bamboo, and shiitaki mushrooms. If you want something a little lighter, get this. The shiitaki mushrooms and bamboo give this dish a nice flavor. I can't remember which rice dishes I've tried, but they've all been good. To give you an idea of the legitimacy of this place, whenever my parents (Taiwanese immigrants) came to visit they always went here to eat. Bottom line: If you want to try more authentic Chinese food GO HERE!! PS. I don't think they deliver anymore. But you can still order takeout.
went in with a big group a couple of weeks ago. service was ok considering that there was one server running around. the food was good- i had the 3 treasures rice plate (roast pork, duck, and soy sauce chicken) and i split pork belly buns with a friend. my dish was ok, i've had better roast pork. the duck and chicken were pretty good though. i really liked the pork belly buns- heard about its amazingness and can definitely vouch for it. reasonably priced and a wide variety- i will be returning :)
I love more traditional Chinese food.  It's healthy, delicious, and usually on the lighter side. That said, I was really excited to try Han Noodle after reading the reviews.  I found the appetizers to be very tasty.  The squid appetizer was particularly good. The noodles and the soups, on the other hand, were incredibly bland.  I understand that traditional Chinese food is more bland, but this was very very bland.  Even watery.   I had a duck noodle soup and the duck was way overcooked.  It was very chewy and tough.  I was not impressed.  The pork buns were the best thing on the menu. With that said, they should change the name to "Han's pork belly buns" rather than Han's Noodle Bar, because the noodles are just not that good.
Steamed buns saved this lunch, the shiitake filled buns were good. I also had the 5 spice beef, the beef tasted microwaved and smelled like steak-ums/ cafeteria beef. Noodles were good, broth was OK but the beef ruined it. I plan on giving it another go but I was really put off by the meat.
Horrible! I ordered a noodle dish there for take-out on my way to work. Upon opening up the container during my lunch break..i could not believe how incredibly oily and rancid it tasted! It was spoiled and there was oil everywhere! I would have returned it if i was not at work! Never again.
Our first visit to Han's: The pork belly steamed buns are AWESOME!  You get 2 for $4, which is a great deal...as mentioned in other reviews, you won't want to share!  The pork belly with preserved turnips was ok...very salty and seemed to be missing something...and the fat chunks from the pork belly are way too much to overlook...once taken out of the dish, we were left with about half edible portion. The service wasn't too great and upon check out, the waitress tried to keep $5 from my change, (I had left her a very nice tip at the table) which I really think was a bit shady and highly doubtful that it was just an accident.   The atmosphere is cozy, however it could use some updating and more ambiance.  I didn't find it as inviting as the Oasis Bistro that was there before it. That being said, I give them 3 stars for the steamed buns!
I LOVE their steamed buns with pork belly...DELICIOUS. Every time I've gone to HNB, I've had the courage to try new things because I haven't been disappointed yet. Great food, great service. If the pork buns were any cheaper, I'd be in there at least 2-3 times a week.
OMG the pork belly with preserved turnip is to die for. The steamed buns with pork belly are also terrific.
We were not sure what to expect, but were really really impressed. I cannot believe the prices - really affordable. The menu didn't really have great descriptions, but the server/cooks were very knowledgeable and full of good recommendations. The food was so fresh and delicious - we will be back again and again!
The service was fine, but the food was very disappointing. This was probably the worst chinese food i had in rochester (even worse than panda express in U or R campus!). And the broth was very bland, so were the chicken dishes. Overall, not worth going. Go to golden port instead.
How have I NOT reviewed this place yet? I've never actually sat down and eaten at Han Noodle. None of the restaurants on that strip of Monroe Avenue scream "ambiance" to me - they all herald a cry for take out (except for Acme and Mark's diner where I've shamelessly been unable to bridle my sit-down enthusiasm for beer-pizza-late-night-junk food). So I cannot comment on the service at Han. However, the take out service has always been prompt and friendly. The prices are very reasonable and the choices are more traditional - similar to street carts in Asia, which is great - than the typical American Chinese place. As we've spoken about, the pork belly buns hold a cherished place in my humble palate and very few single dishes in Rochester come close to creating that kind of happiness for me. I had a couple of them again last night and was relishing in their garlicky-sweet-crunchy-gooey-fatty-sticky brilliance. I've had buns like these before, but not in the United States. Not even in NYC or San Francisco. As for the rest of the menu, go with the stuff under "House Specials" as opposed to "Popular Chinese." The pork belly over preserved tunip is fabulous. I love the Mapo Tofu. The duck rice place and soy sauce chicken rice plates are delicious steals at $6 each! And my favorite childhood dish - crispy pan fried noodles. Even take-out it's good....
After hearing hype from friends I spontaneously stopped into Han noodle bar. The waitress was very sweet and attentive. I told her I wanted something w/broth noodles, seafood, yet spicy. She made a suggestion yellow crunchy noodles and seafood packaged separately. Got home hungry after long day....couldn't have been more bland and unimpressed. I am very disappointed. Lost interest immediately. My advice would be to specify u want flavor and substance, because this wasn't remotely what I had hoped. Can yelp "boring."
Very good food, fast service.  Try the steamed buns.
Authentic!!!!!!   5 stars for Rochester!   Quite a selection of authentic dishes.  The pork belly buns were delicious.  i wish the spicy chicken buns chicken were not fried.  the beef tendor noodle soup was nice, with huge portion of bok choi and beef tendon.  I love bok choi so this is definitely a plus.  the sichuan style spicy fish fillet (shui zhu yu ) was very authentic - the siganiture tingly-numbing spiciness of the Sichuan pepper - very spicy! :)
decent noodles. sometimes a little too salty. of the stir-fried liked the beef chow fun, beef ho fun, didn't like the Cantonese style or pan fried as much they need more flavor.  their beef brisket is excellent which is a tough dish to get right.
best chinese food i've had in rochester, also the only place i've seen here using schezuan peppercorns.  very reasonable prices too, only a couple bucks more per dish than crappy takeout!  i'll be back soon for sure...
My boyfriend and I were looking for some good Pho in rochester, and Monroe Ave is packed with great places for it! We ended up at Han noodle bar on Monroe and were very pleased with our meal! Our food was served quickly and was so fresh and delicious! We both had the spicy chicken noodle bowl, crab rangoons and scallion pancakes! AMAZING!
good food, love it!
They understand vegetarian food!! That is, they tell you what is in the broth and then offer a veggie nased alternative. Great dumplings, value, options, and service.
I went to Han for the first time two days ago to get some to-go for dinner. The owner (I believe) was very gracious and answered my questions about a few items I was unfamiliar with as I sat at their counter. Friday night around 8:30pm and the place was 1/3 full. Parking was easy with Dogtown and Han sharing a parking lot. I got the Singapore Mei Fen, which I have had elsewhere as Sing Chow Mei Fun (the online menu lists it as MeinFen). Thin rice noodles with very thin strips of pork and chicken, onions, scallions, and peppers. It was excellent, equal to or better than any I have had. The portion size was a little smaller than KJ's in Irondequoit (which we frequent) but it was also less expensive and I think more nicely prepared. I also got two fresh spring rolls for $3. They were not as skillfully rolled as others I have had and fell apart a bit at the first bite, but were fresh and tasty. The hoisin sauce was not as salty as I have had it elsewhere, and that seems to be standard at Han. Not a bad thing as I try to limit my sodium intake, but noteworthy as it seems to make their dishes not as flavorful until you add soy sauce. I liked the food and atmosphere well enough to take my wife back there last night for dinner. We got there around 6:15 and the place was about 2/3 full. Turns out it was Chinese New Year and we were fortunate to get there early, as by 7:30pm it was packed with a waiting line. The crowd, as someone mentioned, has a tendency towards borderline annoying 20-somethings seemingly bent on talking and laughing loud enough to make sure you hear them from across the tiny room, but everyone was in a good mood and I like a full restaurant. The lone server was a very sweet brunette whose name began with M. Though she was the only one there until well after it got packed (seems that they called someone in to help when it got unexpectedly busy), she never appeared flustered, nor did our service time suffer, and nothing was forgotten or mistaken. I was impressed enough with her to mention it to the owner (?) on the way out, and she earned her above-average tip. Hope she's there next time, as the bad service reviews could not possibly have had her for their server. We had two appetizers, neither of which were the pork buns (next time!). The Calamari Diced Shanghai Green had squid with onions, scallions and peppers in a very mild (too mild, imo) thin brown sauce. It was so bland I would not order it again, but the squid and veggies were very fresh and the squid tender, and we dug out all the diced veggies, polishing it off. We also had Chili Edamame, which is a very interesting (and delicious) twist on the standard. The deeper we dug into the pile of soybeans, the more chili powder and salt clung to the pods. At the end, I was trying NOT to scrape too much of the spicy coating from the pods as I popped the perfectly-done beans into my mouth, but I was licking my fingers and enjoying the burn. Yum! My wife had the XO squid /squid & shrimp/pork, which had a nice medium brown sauce and white rice. Add a little soy sauce and it was delicious. I had the Beef Black Bean, substituting silken tofu for the beef (they have ZERO problems substituting on the menu). It too needed soy sauce, which I usually don't do, but it was piled high with gently stir-fried tofu, and the veggies were extremely fresh. I would definitely order it again. Again, adding soy sauce was required. The menu has a lot of items I have never heard of (so much new stuff to try!), and whoever crabbed about getting charged for tea (we were charged a total of $2 for a Diet Coke and a pot of green tea - come on!) needs to take the overall very low prices into account and stop complaining. I think the meal, the service, and the prices were all quite excellent. The only reason it's not 5-star is because I prefer more flavorful dishes that don't need the added soy sauce.
Oh Han Noodle, how I love you! Then why did I only give it 4 stars and not 5? Because no one is perfect and then they stop trying! This a great little place I like to go to on weekends. This is a place where you can grab a good bite at a good price. It's not fancy but a good place to take your guy, girl or buddies and feel comfortable. I'd highly recommend the appetizers. Why? Because they cheap and really delicious! The food is always good and well made and I've never had an issue with food or the service. Especially for the prices. I'd highly recommend this place if you're on Monroe and haven't tried it yet!
The Good: The appetizers. There are so many good ones that we order several every time and still have to rotate thru them. The Bad: I think the service and food became a little less consistent after the second location opened in Fairport. Times Gone: 20 I Usually Order: Appetizers (Pork Belly Buns, Crab Rangoon, Scallion Pancakes), Salt and Pepper Squid.
Delish! Filling! Healthy! A+++ I had rice noodles with chicken and spicy miso. It was filling and great. Staff very pleasant and attentive. Diverse menu. Definitely will come back.
I have tried many different things on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. Some of my favorites are the crab rangoons, scallion pancakes ,spicy edamame, spicy diced chicken soup, and of course the noodles ! The noodles definitely have "the breathe of the wok" so if you're not into the charred taste ask for a little extra sauce to lighten the smoky flavor a bit. +
We got 2 noodle broths (pork belly and tendon) and also a Szechuan sauces covered beef tendon as can appetizer. The beef tendon appetizer was as delicious as any other I have ever had. Wish everything else went as well but it just went downhill from there. Service was quick to take your order but after that it was hard to even flag out the waitresses that were day dreaming and staring blankly out the door window. For the pork belly noodle broth, they used yellow ramen noodles which was overcooked (not just a little, but rather by WAY too much). It was probably done like 10 mins before they brought it out to us because it took them ~15 mins to bring out the broths. The pork was okay but nothing spectacular. Broth by itself was yummy! The tendon broth was pretty similar. Noodles this time was the thick white noodles almost like udon but not as thick. It was completely undercooked. Tasted pretty much like raw dough and as bland as can be. The soup itself was delicious. Tendons were okay but nothing I would recommend a friend. Not as tendon or flavorful as ones I have elsewhere. Food probably could've been all delicious had they taken care of the noodles. Portions are very good especially for the price. Service I can overlook. I just wish the noodles didn't taste like some chef went on a smoke break after placing one noodle in and then come back only to realize the first one was overcooked and he forgot the other order... Ended up screwing up both orders
I'm not used to the Check In feature on Yelp, but I'm at Han a lot. Like, it's kind of embarrassing how much I go to Han. I went earlier this evening with a friend with the intent of taking pictures of my food, but I was hungry. So yeah, sorry. Everything there is so good. Tonight my friend and I got the pan-fried pork dumplings, and they give my pork dumplings a run for their money.  I also got the beef brisket soup with wonton noodles instead of the thick white ones. My friend got the beef tendon soup. The soups are just so good. They are flavorful and filling and noodley (which is good, because I am a noodle head). The bill for the two of us was a whopping $21 and some change. The staff there is super nice and helpful. I really can't praise them enough. Seriously, try Han. You have nothing to lose and a potential favorite new spot to gain.
Second visit- the first being when they first opened. Pretty good! The place was packed which I was not expecting. Prices right around $7. Food came out pretty quick. There are no descriptions on the menu so unless you ask you might be taking a risk. I had the scallion beef which was loaded with sweet onions and scallions, which I loved, a large portion of beef strips. The beef was very tender, tasted like it had been fried in butter which made me wonder if I could get the sauce on the side next time. We also had the chicken lo mein which was devoured. Will definitely go back and try more.
It's a good Chinese place with some authentic dishes. Ironically the soup noodle is the weakest part: broth doesn't have the deep flavor as usually expected, and noodles are machine made and definitely not hand-drawn. Noodles feel a bit mushy. Try the spicy squid in appetizer ! Dumplings are also very good.
First time there for lunch today. good eats. Had the braised pork belly on steamed buns for $4. 2 to an order. they're not as good as the ones that my mum makes, but i might be slightly biased. :-) Also had the wonton noodle (in broth). noodles were well done. crunchy/springy. both was tasty without being overpowering. wontons were good too.
We tried Han's tonight. Excellent! Steamed pork buns were great. We also had Cumin Lamb, also excellent. And Mixed vegetable stir fry which was a big surprise. Not like Chinese stir fry. Give it a try even if you are vegetarian. We'll be back sooooooon!
