I agree with the previous view by Veronica S.  But she must have gotten a package that included the movie.  There is one observation deck with two levels and more informative signs.  This was by far the highlight of my trip to Niagara Falls.  There are two other tunnels you can walk down to get behind the falls.  You can't really see anything from back there but you definitely get a feel for the force of the falls!   If you're planning on taking photos your phone or camera will get wet.  You will want to have something under that poncho that will dry it for you so you can take more photos. Fortunately the water is not salty - I used the body side of my T-shirt and the photos came out great.  Don't walk past the view of the tunnels from while they were putting them in.  You could just imagine working in those tunnels in your oil coat and heavy boots. The "tour" is not much more than that but you can stay there as long as you like.  You can keep the rain poncho (souvenir!) or leave it and they will recycle the plastic.  Oh, as of today the price was $15.00 each adult.
This excursion was a waste of time in my opinion. You are really just paying to see the falls from an observation Deck that was a bit closer. Most customers seemed disappointed and angry, one old man said he " has had more fun watching a game of pinochle"  Super long wait, to get down and also to get back up. In my opinion, just go for the horn blower or maid of the mist cruise and save your money from journey behind the falls for the casino ;) I will say the Niagara parks staff throughout the falls tourist area were great and well trained.
The Journey Behind the Falls is a quick good experience.  The observation deck is surreal and the two tunnels where you can see the falls is very relaxing.  It is cold under there folks so under the rain coat that they provide for you - wear a sweater.
I seriously feel that the Journey Behind the Falls is a key tourist spot in Niagara. You go through a series of tunnels to literally go behind the falls. There is also an observation deck and this is probably the closest you will get to the Falls. Seeing the falls from this point of view sheds a whole new light in the enormity and power of this natural wonder. The views from the observation deck are breathtaking and nothing compares to it. Neither words nor pictures can describe how you feel when you are there. Yeah, I know you can see the falls perfectly fine from the streets, but believe me it is just totally different to see them from this view. CAUTION: I would NOT let your children run amok here. The rails separating you from the falls is clearly not enough protection. Just be careful folks!
The signs say, "Do not Climb over railings." Baa! I wonder if Grand Canyon has dopey signs like that, because the Niagara gorge seems like's it's almost as deep, and has 3 gajillion gallons of water going over it every second.  I went to a luncheon once where the speaker was the little boy who went over the Falls with no protection and lived. The food was awful. The boy is a legend. On this tour, you enter a long tunnel and there, at the end, you can hear it!, is Niagara Falls almost right on top of you.  Well literally I guess it is right on top of you. The thunder shakes my bones. The power is awesome and frightening.  I have been to Niagara Falls hundreds of times. In High School I worked in the Niagara Falls State Park picking up trash left by tourists and drunks--and there was a lot of both.  But every time I come, it's breathtaking.   Sadly, the Canadian v. USA  border is a lot like San Diego v. Tijuana, with the USA side being TJ.  I used to spend my dollars on the USA side, but no longer.   If you come to the Falls, you would be happy just stand there and look at it for days.  But if that doesn't suit you, this "behind the scenes" access is worth it.  Then have a Molson Canadian at the local pub!  p.s. Maid of the Mist gets 5 stars. She is the queen.
Worth going to as part of the package but nothing special on its own. The portals don't let you get close enough to see anything. The crowds were obnoxious and the tunnel smelled like moldy carpeting. You feel like you're in just a man made tunnel, not in a cave, and not behind anything special. A different perspective of the falls but not a must see.
If you want a good deal, buy the Niagara attraction ticket for $48 and get access to journey behind the falls, white water walk, fury, and maid of the mist. You won't complain about $ if you get this package. Anyways... the booth where i bought the attraction pass set up a time for us to visit this attraction. That is total BS. You don't need to make an appointment. She put me for 4:45, and i ended up getting there late!! Got there at 5 & didn't even have to wait in line with anyone! Didn't wait in the cattle line, went down the elevator alone, and walked down the tunnels just fine. This is a very short attraction, and the walls are lined with facts about how things were built, and about the falls. You can walk straight ahead to where you can see the side of the falls, and take your scenic pictures there, and get wet from the waterfall. You can also go down the stairs to get even closer to the falls. There is another section of the tunnel that you walk through, and basically that puts you directly behind the falls. There are 2 portals that you cal look through to basically see the back of the falls. Nothing special because when you look out, you can't see anything really, except the water.
We bought the Wonder Pass and this was included in the pass. Where to get the pass, other details...nothing was ever explained besides showing up at the Visitor Center by the falls. Staff was rude at that center when I was getting my passes. I had questions and she acted as though I should already know these things. You get to see the water up close, but it's the same as having someone hold a few water hoses at you. The tunnel has info on the walls about the history of the falls, but you can read those online or at the museum. I was expecting more; dissapointed. Your little ones might enjoy it but if it's just adults, don't go!
This was a lot of fun. While it doesn't take the place of going on the maid of the mist, it is a lot of fun to be down at a low level and see the power of the falls as it is hitting the bottom. The peepholes are great as well. It is an odd feeling to be "behind" the falls and underneath. This is a great expereince for all ages. The lines were fast and price reasonable. They give you a poncho to keep dry but you really don't get that wet. You can get some great pictures and they also take a souvinier picture for you that you can purchase at the end. It is $25 for 2 pics. When you are walking through the halls, they have pictures and information about the falls on the walls that are really informative and interesting for those of us that like history.   This was a great experience and one that is worth doing if you have a few hours to spend at the falls.
As a first timer to Canada AND Niagara Falls, I ventured on this tour ready to be easily wowed by the sights. It's hard to separate the review of the place from the sight of the Falls since they go hand in hand but I surely won't say anything negative about it like some of these other reviewers. Let's start with the fact that you are ACTUALLY walking underneath Niagara Falls. There's a few holes cut out in the rock to view Niagara Falls from BEHIND part of The Falls. I mean...how awesome is that!  What do you mean "all you see..."??? When I think "tour" I think guides leading you step by step but this tour is more self-guided when you get to the part that matters, which is the view. You get to learn fun facts along the way, which make it cool but I loved being able to explore the views/sights for myself and take the lovely pictures I did on my own. If you're from the area or have been to The Falls before, obviously I wouldn't recommend this as something to do on a date, but for a first timer, it's everything. If you're bored with the Falls then get in your car and keep it moving. One star off because (since a lot of it is self-exploratory) the lack of organization can be a bit troublesome when you have random groups of people that just want to stand in one spot for 20 minutes and force one launch into a round of semi-ignorant SCU' ME, SCU' MEs to get through.
Just went here with my boyfriend the other day.  While the title is a little misleading and you would think there's more of a journey behind the falls, there is really only 2 observation points and lot of informative signs in the tunnels you have to walk through to get anywhere.  The views are beautiful and you really do end up "behind the falls", it's not as extensive as you would think, but still definitely something I would check out as a tourist.  The 4D movie that comes included with the pass was fun too.  You definitely will get wet watching it, so make sure you don't wear a pair of shoes that will stay damp as you walk around in the cold all day.
I'm kinda surprised (sadly) that people are giving such negative reviews to Journey Behind the Falls! How often does one go to Niagara Falls?! This is absolutely something that everyone should do at least once in their lifetime. Granted, I was a wee bit disappointed after I saw the two caves that poke out from behind the actual Falls, because they're literally just two tunnels that you stand in and watch the stream of water pouring in front of you. It's kind-of just like a wall of white water. BUT, you begin to comprehend the sheer power of the water, from the sound of the falls - and it just fills you with the wonder and majestic-ness that is the Niagara Falls!! And then you walk out onto the viewing platform that's quite a ways down, so that you're looking up into the Falls - and this viewing point is FANTASTIC. So quit yer bitchin', and pony-up the $10 bucks or whatever it is, and enjoy the magic. Being down here really puts things into perspective, on just how small we humans really are in the scheme of things. Just stand out there and enjoy the wild, whipping, wind. And enjoy getting splashed with the water, and the overwhelming rumble of the water - because it's beautiful. Yes, you're going to get wet, so my tip for you is to bring/wear your flip-flops! They do give you a cheap poncho so that your clothes don't get too wet - but this is a LOT of water we're talking about here. Not just a little mist, you will get WET. So pack away your valuables (ie cameras and iPads). Also, you do go down in elevators that were built 125 years ago. They can't hold too many people, so there's usually a little line to come back up and no, there's no other way to get up. So hang out, read some of plaques, and just enjoy the moment. If you're only going to do two things while here: I'd suggest this one, and the Maid of the Mist. If you can only do one: do Maid of the Mist. The only thing I regret not doing was the sky wheel, which I have heard great things about. It's a FUN experience if you're open to it and enjoy it for what it is: an opportunity to view the falls from far down. And what it gives you is the opportunity to feel and hear and see the POWER of the beautiful Niagara Falls.
This sounds better than it is. There's an open and a roofed observation deck at the bottom of the Canadian side of Horseshoe Falls.  It's maybe 50 feet from the falls and a pretty neat viewpoint.  But you get as good a look from the top for free. Then you walk through tunnels in the rock to two view portals, maybe 10 feet by 8 feet, behind the falls.  All you see is a rush of water a few feet out the portals.  It's only cool because you know you've walked a third of the way around behind the falls.  Which is pretty cool, but the experience itself isn't much. The placards on the tunnel walls contain a lot of interesting info about the falls.  That was actually the best part. You get a better experience from Cave of the Winds on the U.S. side.  (No, there isn't a cave any more, but you get a lot more drenched and see a lot more.) One star off for customer service.  Four people in the ticket booth and only one working the line.
Have to say the idea is better then the experience.  Do the tunnels into the falls 1st because you don't get wet and won't be chilled.  Then do the deck so you don't get chilled.  At the end of the tunnels you hear more than you see, cool though.  On the deck you really get a different vantage point of the falls and soaked.  It's incredible how much water does fall down. All in all if you are going for the fuuuuullll experience do it.
Like most of the Niagara tourist attractions, it is overpriced and only if you purchased the attractions package is it worth stopping to take it in.  What is neat about this attraction is you can get upclose tot he falls and be prepared to get wet.  It has educational signage talking about the area and creation of the tunnels and lets you experience the power of Niagara. Save your money for a helicopter ride over the falls.
We found this a positive - although pricey - experience. What helped was going on a beautiful September afternoon. While nothing like Maid of the Mist - getting up close - you'll get some wonderful pictures while enjoying a Falls view from way down below. Walking thru the cavern you hear the Falls rumbling around you. As you venture on you come to 2 portals directly behind the Falls intensely showing the flowing water. Pretty cool... We experienced no time frame here staying as long as we liked enjoying the "down below" view that will be remembered for some time. Note: We found this to be more of an adult experience. Youngsters - while costing you more - might not appreciate this "journey" as much.
This was well worth the experience. The actual "behind the falls" is quite silly because it's just a mess of mist and white. The area where you can walk out, sort of beside the falls, rather than behind them, is an excellent close up view though! I suggest wearing a baseball cap (esp. for the ladies), it makes your poncho hood stay on easier.
I would definitely recommend skipping this attraction.  You go underground and into three different tunnels that take you close to an opening where you can see the waterfall about halfway down.  It sounds much more exciting than it is.  When you're in that tunnel, all you see is a wall of white water.  That's it...   The only redeeming quality is that you get to go out into an opening and have a better view of the waterfall.  However, there are plenty of views of the falls without this attraction, so even that doesn't make it worth it in the end.
Not as exciting as the Maid of the Mist, but still fun. The observation deck is the best part. Note of Advice: Wear your poncho!! You will get wet on this tour. The deck is like being in the worst hurricane ever experienced. The roar of the falls is deafening. The wind, the spray, the FURY is awesome. The caves and portals are not as exciting. A letdown compared to the deck. 2 portals take you out behind the falls. You see white water and a lot of it, violently thrashing down in front of you. Many of the portals have water damage and some cement is missing. You wonder how they will repair it and if it really is indeed safe. Also too many people in the WAY! Move PEOPLE! (Close Quarters)
While this attraction is on the must-see list of most people visiting Niagara Falls, it doesn't live up to its hype.  First, we waited in line to purchase timed tickets -- for 2 hours later.  Then, we waited in about a 30 minute wait once we arrived at our time. Basically, you go down an elevator to be next to the Falls... there is a tunnel that you walk through to see behind the falls.  It's not a hugely impressive sight since basically all you can see is rushing water, but it's alright.  Just then, when you think you've just paid $12 for a tunnel of nothingness, there is a set of stairs you can descend to get even closer to the Falls.  This part is a bit more exciting & great for taking photos of the Falls up close (as close as you can with all of the mist).... Generally, I was unimpressed & wil not return, but had to check it out because of all the hype.
This should be on everyone's list when planning to visit the falls. It takes you through some small tunnels to see "behind the falls". Ont the walls you will be able to read part of the history of the falls, and other facts on how all this was created. The best part is when, still down in the tunnels, you are able to get outside and get a closer look at the Canadian falls. It's an amazing view and experience. Great spot to take pictures and admire nature.
You have to fully understand what this attraction is to appreciate it.  The guides don't do a good job of explaining it.  You're in a muggy, stuffy elevator with other confused tourists. Your guide, a young teenage girl clearly tired from repeatedly explaining the attraction mumbles something about two peepholes and a lookout. She then tells you to get out, turn right and have a good time.  I had no idea what I was lining up to see.  To your right, there are two peepholes under the waterfall where you can lean against a rail and feel the awesome, awesome power of that waterfall.  That's it, that's the attraction - feeling the vibration of pounding water in your chest and the magnitude of the Falls thundering in your ears. After that you can walk through a dark, wet tunnel and then out into daylight on a patio right next to the horseshoe falls.  Here you get an up close and personal view of the horseshoe falls.  This attraction is designed to bring you up close with the waterfall.  Its not a thrill ride.  If you are looking for that you will be disappointed.  Its just the opportunity to get as close to that water as you can from a safe, secure distance.  But that in itself, is a pretty big thrill.
This is one of the only attractions open during the winter that allows you to get as close to the falls as possible.  Because the lower section is frozen in the winter, you get a bit of a discount on your ticket.  After buying your ticket, you are taken down in an elevator by an employee who describes how far down you are going and the set up of the viewing areas.   The top observation deck is enclosed on the sides with square holes looking out onto the falls and open in the front. I'm assuming on clear days, its quite an impressive view, but since it was snowing/raining/misting when we were there, we didn't see too much in the front.  The icicles were awesome, though.  Then, you can go to two different portals to look out onto the rushing water...or in our case, the frozen snow.  Huge stones of ice and some pretty cool ice formations are blocking the portals and probably won't unfreeze till May or so. Nice way to spend some time. When you finish up, you get to view the picture that they took of you "in front" of the falls. Ours was ruined since it was a summer scene and we had on wool hats, mittens, and heavy jackets.
I don't really want to do this Journey Behind the Falls Tour even before I have the tour.. and I definitely not going to recommend doing that.. Unless you are with people that cannot deal with the real thing boat tour... I just could not convince my guests, since they said they get sea sick on a small ferry... The sound of the fall is quite deafening.. and the water seems to be strong.... but I spent more time walking down to the viewing point then that's it?
The Journey Behind the Falls was kind of cool, but not near the awesomeness of the Maid of the Mist or the Cave of the Winds.  You take an elevator down through the rock, into man-made tunnels.  There are two tunnels that go out directly to "behind the falls," however, you really can't see anything.  The opening is gated off 10 or so feet back (for obvious reasons), and all you can really see when looking out the opening is a sheet of white.  The falls are so fast and powerful, that you really can't even tell that it's water you are looking at, and compared to the size of the Falls themselves, the opening was rather small.  It was pretty underwhelming. The best part of this tour, and where we spent most of our time, was the observation deck.  It is actually NEXT to the Falls, but gives another great, up-close view of the Falls. If you want to see it all, then take this tour, but if you don't want to spend the time or money, it's OK to pass up.  If I were to go back to Niagara Falls, I would do the Maid of the Mist and Cave of the Winds again in a heart beat, but not the Journey Behind the Falls.
Well worth doing and it is included with the adventurer pass. As everyone has said there is a great view of the falls from the viewing platform.
It was amazing, and the only reason it's not 5 stars is because it's a little disappointing, besides the observation decks.  The portholes were not nearly as awesome as I'd hoped they'd be (they take you literally right behind the falls, but it's not very large and you can't see anything anyway). The observation decks, though.  Whew!  That's the area where you definitely need your poncho.  You're right next to the falls, and getting splashed with all sorts of mist.  It's loud, just as loud as it is in the tunnels under the falls.  It's epic.
Really disappointing overall experience. 1) You pay a $11 per child & $20 per adult & are given a ticket with your entry time stamp which is really for immediate entry ---  way too many people in a small space. 2) You are funneled through a required photo op area w/green screen in order to entice you to spend more money at the exit on your souvenir photo. 3) You wait in cattle lines in an underground  holding area with your plastic garbage bag raincoats on. It is hot, crowded, and nothing to see but other folks being herded through. 4) You are packed into an elevator (really, no room to move) 5) You are released into a dark tunnel without clear direction. Ahead are two outdoor viewing areas near the base of horseshoe falls. It's a very interesting vantage point, and you really do need those raincoats --- if you can get through the crowds to the viewing rail. 6) You make your way back through oncoming groups (again, too many people, with poor crowd control and signage) to find the tunnel to "behind the falls". 7) You wait in that dark, wet, crowded tunnel until realizing you've been standing in line for far too long without any indication of when/where the end is. 8) You are packed back in the elevator and herded through the gift shop (naturally). This is not somewhere you want to be  if you have any tendencies towards claustrophobia. The management is interested in money --- getting as many people through as they can. Skip it in favor of the Maid of the Mist & a view (free) of the falls from above.
This is the most disappointing thing I've ever been to in my entire life. It's a complete rip off.  I got the end and said, I want my money back. $20 Entry to look through 3 windows. You go through some tunnels expecting to come out into a big reveal with the water pouring down a few metres away and instead you have to make do looking through 3 tiny windows at a torrent of water. Complete waste of time. Don't go.
I've done the Journey a few times.  My most recent time there was the very first weekend in April when it was still quite chilly, so take my three star review with this grain of salt.   Location: 4 out of 5 When you get to Niagara Falls, one of the things that you'll be inevitably sucked into doing is going to the Table Rock Welcome Center.  In that center, there are a variety of restaurants (Tim Hortons, Elements, etc.), souvenir and trinket shops, and of course, attractions.  The two main ones that you can access via the welcome center are Journey Behind the Falls and The Fury or Niagara Fury or something like that.   Price: 3 out of 5 Well - when I went that first weekend in April, the current special was 25 CAD for 3 attractions: Journey, Fury, and the Butterfly/Botanical Gardens.  I don't think any of the tickets have expiration dates, which can be useful if you live close by.  I had driven past the Botanical Gardens earlier that day, and didn't think it would be worth it to drive back.  Considering that we did two attractions, we still got a break with the package price.  Not a big one (1 - 2 CAD each), but it was still something.  And if I'm ever up there again, I can check out the gardens when the weather is nicer. Quality of Attraction Amenities: 2.5 out of 5 Sigh...too bad that there was still snow on the ground.  The lower plaza where you can actually go to walk around the falls was closed.  Instead, there were three "portals" open.  There are two off to the right that weren't worth seeing given the ice, and the main portal was nice, but the park district is doing some extensive remodeling, so it sort of looks like a clusterf*cks down there right now.  The good news was that because it was April, it wasn't crowded at all! Quality of Falls: 5 out of 5 Still love the Falls.  Yes, the area is a huge tourist trap now.  Yes, there are lots of theme parks, overpriced parking lots, fast food, "elegant food", casinos, themed restaurants, etc. etc. etc. but if you can just ignore that for a few moments, you'll realize that indeed - the Falls are quite beautiful.  It's not a quiet beauty like you would get at a slow waterfalls...it's a POWERFUL beauty where all you can hear is the sound of the water rushing past.   Ease of Navigation: 2.5 out of 5 As others have alluded to, you can get your package tickets in the main welcome center, and then you follow a series of escalators and walkways until you get to the actual attraction ticket office.  Walk straight in if you have the ticket already, and you'll be taken through a set of staircases, and then to a final elevator that takes you to the tunnels.  I would suppose that if one were unfamiliar with how things were laid out, or if one had difficulties following minimalist signage, it could be a problem.   Customer Service: 3 out of 5 Fine.  No one was pushy, aggressive, or "mean."  They were nice enough, but not overbearing.  Not entirely "helpful", but it's not like you really need help to walk around back there during this time of the year.  I think that if my memory serves me correct - when the lower plaza is open, it's helpful to have people out there helping out in case people fall down. Overall: 3 out of 5 in the early spring. Would probably be better in the summer months, but still worth a look in the spring, even with snow on the ground.
This is nice but it's kind of the geriatric way to see the falls.  It is somewhat of a backstage pass and if you aren't into the Maid of the Mist wetness nor the slickery boardwalk that is the Cave of Winds this might be a good option for you.  You can get pretty wet here and the nocho that they give you is seriously a must...I don't know how we kept so dry considering how wet that poncho was.   I didn't find the caves and portals that exciting personally.  You can get a better view of the falls from the topside than from them but the main platform is pretty cool.  I'd definitely recommend the Maid of the Mist or the Cave of Winds more if you are into that kind of extreme experience, but if you are a little older...have kids that are a bit younger or just plain don't feel like working for the view this is the way to go.
This was a really cool experience! It doesn't take the place of Maid of the Mist or Cave of the Winds - you should definitely do those attractions as well. This does offer unique photos of the underside of the falls from the viewing platform, and an even cooler experience of standing directly behind the falls. You really get a sense for how loud and powerful the Falls really are. Truly amazing, and you really don't even get very wet on this one.
This is a good place to stop if you happen to be on the CANADA side of Niagara Falls. They give you a rain poncho but NO SANDALS. Still a good experience because you get to see *behind* the HORSESHOE FALLS which is crazy water going in every direction. There's no way you can see thru it - it's water in chaos, literally. Looks like one big nasty storn. You walk thru tunnels and see out different portals. They have a main deck which is great. You will get wet!
What an expensive ripoff. Almost $20 a person to walk down a short tunnel to see pretty much nothing. You get just as good views from the top sidewalk for free.
This is a nice photo op place. It lets you get very close to the waterfall and gives great shots. On a sunny day, you can even get your picture with a rainbow. If you wait long enough, you can get your picture with the Maid of the Mist when it stops in the middle of the horseshoe. Just don't keep your camera out for long as it will get very wet and probably die on you. By the time you get to here, you probably saw a lot of the horseshoe falls so it gets difficult to be excited about it.
Meh...it was ok.  The two viewing areas in the tunnel were kind of a waste...the outdoor platform was the best part and even then, it was kind of a letdown.  Skip it and use the money for a second run on the Maid of the Mist.
We did this as part of the Adventure Pass.  It was cool to see the falls up close and personal.  If you only have time for one thing do the Maid of the Mist but if you have the time its worth the trip! Not good if you have trouble walking...the floor is very wet and the hall  to the portals in long.  There are steps to the patio to see the falls.
Loved this experience! A really great view of the Horseshoe Falls from Ontario, Canada. I was able to take a great panoramic picture from the deck. It is congested with tourists, but it's still a great experience. The two open chambers that let you see the action from behind the falls was breathtaking. My friends and I truly enjoyed the tour. Also, the little tidbits of history of the Falls are interesting.
This is the most amazing thing you can do at the falls. Make sure you go down on the landing. And read all of the plagues and pictures and captions, I saw so many people just rush themselves past all the history and background only to go see water then rush out... What a waste! Truly an inspiring place and a well oiled machine for the amount of people they get thru there everyday!
A nice alternative to the Maid of the Mist boat tour.  For $13.13 CAD, you can travel down below ground to get very close to the Falls.  Be prepared to get wet because it is windy and you'll get splashed from all the mist.  Unfortunately, the portals leave much to be desired.  While it's impressive to hear and see the power of the water falling, you can't see much else.
I'm not sure who said it, but life's a journey baby, so when you are in Niagara Falls pony up the cash, wrap yourself in a yellow garbage bag and start your mystical trip down some worn stairs and into a slippery dark tunnel with 100% humidity for a 2 second view of a lot of water.  Yes, the "behind the falls" tunnels are more than a little odd (how do we KNOW we are behind the falls and not in an elaborate hoax), but the exterior viewing platform is cool and you can stay as long as you can stand it (or your wife will let you).  Get and line and enjoy.
Went in the spring time so lower decks were closed for ice (there was none). Other than that it was ok. There were 3 portals to view from. One side and 2 behind the falls. Wasn't quite worth the price paid. Was interesting but like I said not worth price paid.
This is worth doing!  It is a lot of fun walking in the tunnels that go behind the falls, but it can get pretty crowded, so get there early!  The signs to find the entrance are horrible, but it is in the welcome center on the bottom level.  Even though you may have already purchased your tickets, you have to go in through the entry for ticket sales.  You'll probably only be down there for 10 minutes, and  you may get a little wet.
Okay, it's a little creepy back there.....  Not the most exciting tour, but it's still interesting enough.
I didn't find the Journey Behind the Falls to be all that entertaining. Granted, Niagara Falls is a bit lacking in legitimately interesting activities, so this might be something I'd suggest merely because of the lack of options. All you do is wait in a long line, walk through some tunnels underneath the falls, and look out a couple small openings at some water rushing by. The novelty is of being close to the fall, but really, the better views are to be had from the top and in the Maid of the Mist.
This attraction was worth the price of the ticket.  The view out of the passageway behind the falls was just a lot of water but the view from the lower platform right next to the falls was amazing - it really gives you a feeling of the size and power of the falls.
This tour was absolutely terrible!  There are two "holes" that you can see out of.  It took us a total of 10 minutes to complete the tour.  Not worth the wait and definitely not worth the money.
This was a good experience, I came here last June so I don't remember much. All I remember is walking through tunnels which kind of creeped me out. There were a lot of history signs (which I'm not interested in) but my boyfriend enjoyed it. There is this dock where you get to see the waterfall. Lucky us, we came at such a great time, we saw a gigantic rainbow! It was a miracle! That was the only great part. Oh remember to write/scratch on the big wall of rock on the dock to the left with another rock for good luck! My boyfriend and I wrote W (heart) T, If you still see it there let me know!
We went at the end of March which was still neat but we didn't get access to the lower level because it was still in winter mode despite the temperatures feeling like summer. Prices are reduced, though. There are three view points you wander around to look from linked by dark tunnels and some faded literature. You can see rainbows and get sprinkles from the fall. Real neat experience. They take your photo in the beginning but I wasn't interested. It's about a ten to twenty minute attraction.
Went on this off season, liked it. Nice to get close to the falls. Informative signs and staff eager to teach you amusing facts about the falls.
Pros: Two chambers behind the falls provides a great shield from the elements & deafening roar of rushing water. Cons: Congested with tourist.
The "portals" behind the water all looked the same-- white, loud, and underwhelming. The observation deck outside, near the water, was fun and different from the Maid of the Mist ride because you're much closer to the falls.
You can't visit Niagara Falls without doing the Journey Behind the Falls! It's the closest you can get to the Horseshoe Falls. Be sure to bring a waterproof camera for pictures! Anything else will get soaked & be ruined.
Of everything we did in Niagara Falls, this is the one thing I think I'd skip next time around.  For the price, it's just not worth it.  You walk through a damp tunnel and look out through an opening blasted in the rock - at water.  There isn't much to actually see.  The observation deck is the only thing that saves this from a 2 star review.  You're very close to the Falls, and you WILL get wet (even in that delightful poncho).  The floors are really slippery, so this isn't for people with mobility difficulties.
Should be done at least once.
This is one of those tours everyone should try at least once. I wouldn't do it again but I'm glad I went.
this was pretty cool. walking through the tunnels and looking behind the cascade of water.
Not much to see. Tunnels are pointless as there are 2 tiny holes which have railings from letting you get too close and the tunnels are so dark you can't even tell what you are looking at. Deck is okay but not as good as Cave of Winds, MAid of the Mist or even the view from above the Horseshoe Falls. The only good thing was I got cooled off on a hot day.
This was one of the two things we knew we wanted to do with our only day in Niagara.  We started out on the Hornblower, then walked over to Journey Behind the Falls.  More like wet tunnels, with a rumble in the background.  Until you get close.  Then you can FEEL the air ripple back and forth, like you're inside a giant bass speaker, and you know it's caused by the enormous amount of water that's flowing ahead of you.   The actual openings behind the falls are a little anticlimactic, as you can't get TOO close.  I guess that's a good thing, because if we got too close there could be an accident.  But you can see the rushing water just several feet away, and it's a great photo opportunity.  Our favorite place was actually the opening beside the falls, where you can see the falls from the side and below.  It's like taking a shower in the falls! Don't worry, you get a rain poncho - just hold on to it tight!  And don't pass up the informational posters on the way to the openings.  Some of the history is fascinating.
First, the bad...they have got to find a better way to do the time ticketing. They have big groups in each time bracket, so if you have a 3:40 ticket, unless you arrive just as that bracket is queuing, you may not actually see the Falls for another hour or more. There are four...yes, four...lines to wait in before you reach the tunnels. Once you get down there, though, it's a good take. It's not as good as the other 'get close to the Falls' attractions, but it's still worth doing. Two tunnels behind the Falls and a viewing plaza beside them. The behind views give a good idea of the Falls' pure power, and the plaza gives a very unique vantage point, as it's really the only spot where you get to see just how far the distance is between the water and the rocks on the way down (it's more than you might think). I suggest doing both, but if you're crunched for time or budgetarily and can only do one, then do Cave of the Winds on the US side. Better by far, and cheaper.
Nothing incredible, nothing horrible. Definitely not worth standing in line for, but the view was certainly interesting when you got down below. Don't expect to walk behind the water of the falls -- you're in a tunnel with a couple viewports and posters along the way.
Typical tourist attraction kitsch.  Not much substance. Nice to get close to the falls and see their power. Little wet but they give u a garbage bag raincoat.  Mainly went cuz my friend has never been.
Glad I did this.  I was able to get some good pictures there.  The problem, I had already done the Cave of the Winds.  This felt anti-climatic after that.  It wasn't bad, but there are just so many great things to do in Niagara, put this lower on your to do list.
This was honestly the worst part of my whole trip! So it is kind of neat how you get to go behind the falls but its not worth it. There's two peep holes where you can see that you are behind the falls, but all you see is a wall of water, but I mean what really can you expect... They try to make it seem better by putting up informative boards, but the problem with them is that they are along the walk way, and the tunnel barely fits two people side by side, so when you add in people wanting to read the boards, it just creates a huge congestion, and wasting your time... The only good part about it is that there is a part beside the falls where you can go outside right beside the falls, but its not worth it. Mine came with the Adventure Pass, but if it wasn't for that, I wouldn't have done it...
Maybe my expectations were too high, but I thought this was pretty pointless. This came with my wonder pass, but if I had to purchase it alone for full price, I probably would not suggest it. They take you down this tunnel to get a close up of the falls through these three peepholes. The tunnel was dark and creepy, not much of a view. Being down there does reiterate the fact that the water flow from Niagara is extremely powerful. Other than that, there's not much to really see. I rather appreciate the beauty of the falls from above. If this comes in a package bundle then go for it, but if you have to purchase the ticket for Behind the Falls at full price, I do not recommend.
