This was only $13 and get it a $2 cheaper with a voucher in the adventure pass. Only takes 20 mins or so but I thought it was worth it.
Unfortunately the ride is a bit short, and the view is nice but hard to say that it's worth the price/time.  But there's not much else to do after you see the falls, so...  It's nice, but if you skip it, you're not missing out on anything.  Naming this place a whirlpool is very generous.
Like most of the Niagara tourist attractions, this cable car ride is overpriced and only if you purchased the attractions package is it worth stopping to take it.  it is a 15 minute ride over the whirlpool and has some great photo ops but it is not very exciting nor is it educational about the area and what you are looking at. Save your money for the falls or a helicopter ride.
WARNING: The aerocar looks more exciting from a distance...not in it. Although the tickets range from $8-12.00, it's not a total waste. Go if you must but there's really no difference. But hey... It looks like a little island :) Feels like you've found a hidden gem tucked away from the main road.
I took my daughters on this and it was amazing. The views are spectacular and the car is fast and efficient. I was able to take pictures and video of some amazing views. The car itself is a red metal wonder as it flies along its cable and back. I recommend to all who want an amazing view to try this. Visited July 2012
Worth the 15min trip from to falls, this whirlpool is on steroids, very big and insane but beautiful. There are boat tours available that go to the tips of the whirlpool, these boats have a couple of thousand horsepower to be stronger and faster then the whirlpool.
We only did Maid of the Mist and the Aerocar when we were at the falls, and the Aerocar was just ok for me. I waver between 2 and 3 stars. When we went to buy tickets, the lady said she wasn't selling because it was windy and she wanted to wait to see what the operator thought about continuing. Ok, fine. We hung out and watched the rapids below. I went and stood by the ticket window to wait to see if there was going to be another ride or not. I waited and waited, and finally went to ask her. She said we were good to go. I was a little peeved because she was sitting there staring out and saw me sitting there, so why didn't she call me over when she found out that it was going to be ok? She wasn't working - she was just sitting there - so it would've been easy. We were lucky enough to be on a car with only 1 other couple, so we were allowed to move around and see from different angles. Honestly, the viewing deck here gets you pretty much the same view. The operator didn't even tell us anything about the history of the whirlpool below, how it was formed, etc. I was disappointed at this and asked him, and he told me. Paying over $10 for this experience, I expect to get some kind of narration. In any case, I wouldn't pay for it if I were you - being suspended is cool but it's short and you can get a good view and photo of the whirlpool from the observation deck.
I think we were expecting a little more excitement.  The only thing exciting about this is wondering what would happen if the cable broke.  I mean the view it kinda nice, but you aren't really that close to the water.  And it's fun watching the speed boats, but not really worth standing in the hot sun waiting your turn.
The only problem I had was that they would not let me bring my wife's barrel on the Aerocar...just kidding. Great view and open air experience as you ride the cable car over the river!
If you plan on taking pictures, dont stand in the middle section of the car!
Fun. Felt very safe on the 95-year-old car. The operator rotated the passengers so everyone could view both sides. Like everything else at Niagara Falls, it was a little overpriced.
Looked pretty cool for the view
quite an experience dangling in a car over the raging whirlpool.
worth once maybe. not much fun.
