So I'm pretty much a carnivore at heart and tend to run away from veggies/anything vegan, but Yelpers convinced me to give Voula's a try for lunch. And it was SO GOOD! I ordered the pizza special of the day which had no meat, but it was simply amazing. The Village Pizza is a flatbread with skordalia, vine tomato, red onion, feta, kaseri, and mozzarella. Took a baklava home as well! Great prices and such a cozy place inside. Probably not good for large parties unless you want to take up the entire space. Out of all the places I've tried in Rochester since I've arrived, Voula's is my favorite so far!
Ahhhhhhh, mmmmmmm, I'll give them another try. My bad for not knowing you could make a reservation,  that being said we were sat in a timely fashion. The service on the other hand rubbed me all sorts of wrong. There were a lot of apologies, as 1.5 people scurried around. Our water was never refilled, or offered to be. I suppose if I'm an owner operator who has friends/family in to my place to eat (which I would, and she has every right to) I would get an extra employee to cover the fact that I sat down with them and ate the whole time. As your patrons watched your table be attended to in a timely manner. Voulas also hit 2 of my pet peeves, (1) serving a plate of dip (generous dip) with a pitiful amount of bread. (2) providing only some silverware (no spoons). The food was very good though,  probably the best taziki I've ever had, I'm used to watery offerings. Dolmades Kafteri Skordalia Melitzanosalata (best) all delicious. The lentils and potatoes on our brunch dishes were very good, the eggs fried and scrambled eggs were overdone.
Really hi-quality healthly savory dishes! Flatbread Village Pizza of the day with Kafteri was delish. Gyro Plate was a great combination of fresh goodies. Roasted lemon potatoes were perfectly zesty. The tzatziki & papoutsaki were the best iv had. The deserts I took home were just as good. I did not see the frappes offered that I was looking forward to trying. I'd give this venue 5 stars for the food, but the service, although very friendly, wasn't efficient, and our party of 8 unexpectedly learned that we couldn't add our gratuity to our charge cards when we settled our bill which was pretty inconvenient.
The cutest of all cute. The end. Ok, not the end, but Voula's is really, really adorable. From the kitschy country-ish decor (even in the restroom!) to the gorgeous sweets, this place is ace. Breanna B and I split two late lunch dishes - the pizza of the day and Voula's sandwich. The Village Pizza: 4/5: Flat bread topped with skordalia, tomatoes, red onion, feta, mozzarella and kasseri cheese. It was toasty, flavorful, and delicious. Typically I'm not crazy about raw red onion but it worked beautifully with the other veggies and cheese. Plus, the pizza hosted a nice crisp to it due to the flat bread base. Voula's sandwich: 4/5: Who would have thought that a bunch of veggies betwixt pita could be so delightful? Voula did. Make sure you go with the kafteri spread - a magical feta, jalapeno, and roasted pepper spread. Tasty on all accounts, Voula. Thanks for the great lunch!
Great Food nice people will be back again soon !!!
Voula's is my favorite Saturday morning brunch in the city.  The staff is absolutely wonderful and they do everything they can to make their customers happy in what feels like it could be your grandmother's kitchen.  We're always warmly welcomed by Voula and her adorable, attentive, and hilarious staff. Voula's offers an awesome selection of all vegetarian options that are well balanced, healthy, and delicious.  I love the Monevasia Plate because it's a portion that I can actually manage to finish on my own, but if you're feeling really hungry, go for the Gythio Plate.  They are really great about substitutions and personalizing orders to meet dietary needs, and I have never had a meal I wasn't happy with. And the sweets!  Holy Goodness.  When you walk in, you'll see a beautiful display of handmade deliciousness made by Voula herself.  I just wanna die.  SO DELICIOUS.   Between the homey environment, the awesome food, and the great service, Voula has us coming back week after week.
Had a great experience at Voula's the other day after hearing some really good things about it from others. The outside is extremely unassuming, and walking in, I was surprised at how big and bright it was. We went on a Saturday morning around 11, and it was busy, but we were able to be seated right away. The place was kitschy, but in an endearing, not annoying way with mismatched plates and mugs with a variety of designs. Felt like grandma's house. The service was very good and everyone was extremely attentive. Definitely a fan of the menu. There was a very interesting hybrid of some Greek dishes with more classic brunch offerings. I got the Kafteri egg sandwich and it was good, but I was still a bit hungry by the end of my meal. My wife had the Gythio plate, which was definitely the winner of best dish at the table and luckily let me share some of the delicious potatoes that came on it. We also tried the melitzanosalata which was very good and not something I had ever had before. Overall, a great experience, I'll definitely be back to try some of the sweets!
Voula's catered a lunch at my office.  We had salad and pittas with dips and some sort of lasagne like dish (never got the name).  It was  all incredibly fresh and delicious.   Even the meat eaters didn't care that it was vegetarian because it was so good.   Will definitely be going back!
Once again, the food was fabulous and the place was adorable, and the people were wonderful. So why am I updating the review? Well there are few things I tried this time that deserve a mention. The Horatiki salad, it is the almost perfect salad. A balance of crispy flavorful vegetables, tart vinaigrette, and salty feta cheese that makes you look forward to eating a salad! The Papoustaki, it's a baked eggplant dish. The eggplant is cooked perfectly, soft on the inside, with a crispy skin. The "meat" (vegetarian) is a bit too strong with the cinnamon flavor, but the bechamel sauce it came with, and the tzatziki I added balanced that excess and made a delicious warming dish. The Vegetarian Gyro plate was a bit of a disappointment, the seitan was too dry to be enjoyable, although all the other items in the dish were wonderful. But we discovered something, if you soak the seitan on their house dressing, it absorbs the flavors and it becomes moist and delicious. So if you want to try it, ask for extra dressing to dip the seitan in! Then the dessert, do they ever go wrong on the dessert?! We had the Galaktoboureko and it's now on my list of great sweets that I love and can't pronounce! Try it with extra syrup on the side.
The cutest Greek bakery and best Greek in Rochester. The lentil soup is amazing along with the spanikopita and tirokafteri. There are also many options for vegetarian and gluten free diners. Everything is homemade, ambiance is great, and it is the perfect lunch spot. They do a brunch on Saturdays as well.
This place lives up to the hype! (I don't think I have ever said that before) Yes, yes, yes, those Lemon Potatoes are really really good, and if you don't finish them, take them home, they reheat well, if you over ordered. The Gythio plate, very good for those with a taste for lentils, and is gluten free. The Tria Nissa (3 eggs over easy with Feta and Oregano on flatbread) is yummy and really filling. They had a cinnamon toast/roll thing, the name of which I can't recall, and it is not on the standard menu, and wholly *#%!@ was it delicious. If I get the chance again I'll will just order two of those. the risk of overdose is worth it. Cash only, I do believe, so note that. If you get one of the few parking spaces off Monroe and right in front of the restaurant, your Karma is blessed. This place is a gem. Delicious food, super good service, and a cute and kinda funky little place.
Officially a regular (according to my Yelp check ins... that's legit, right?), I've tried most of the menu items and can say it's some of the most delicious eats around Rochester. I never get tired of my usual faves, but look forward to trying new items on the menu or sample the specials. Each dish is made with care and you can feel the love from Voula and her staff. It's usually my top choice for people visiting from out of town or those lunch meetings with former coworkers -- a place that impresses with it's kitschy decor and cozy vibe. Dish highlights: - Lagana bread is wonderful, perfect with their dips, used as the flatbread for the pizza and bread for the sandwiches. - Baklava is some of the best I've had -- homemade phyllo dough, walnuts, cinnamon-y sweet goodness and a hint of honey. Good cold or warmed up (bring it home and serve it up a la mode!) - Spanikopita is so fresh and delicious! The homemade phyllo dough makes the difference to a Greek standby dish. All the ingredients meld so well together for a perfect lunch delight. - Kafteri spread -- I yearn for this dip. I opt for it on Voula's sandwich if I'm getting lunch (goes great with the veggies - tomatoes, onion and cucumbers) and for breakfast, it's the spread on the Kafteri Egg Sandwich. A feta dip made with jalapeño infused oil and roasted red peppers. Scrumptious. I often buy some to go to tide me over between visits (I spread it on toast with a fried egg). - Anything made with lentils -- savory and warms your soul. A personal fave during the winter -- brunch: try the mamnavassia plate. - Flatbread pizza specials are always delicious -- crispy, often topped with feta, olive oil, red onions, tomatoes and one of their spreads. They post their specials on insta/FB/Twitter daily so that a good way to ignite cravings. - Lemon potatoes. Trust me, they're perfect. - The coffee is strong, keep it coming :) Whether or not Greek dishes are your thing, Voula's exceeds expectations with their homemade savory eats and sweet treats. A little love from Voula goes a long way and will keep you coming back for more.
Cute little bakery/restaurant tucked away off the street - you'll probably drive past it the first time! The inside decor is eclectic and very homey.  I really wanted to love it, but left hungry. It's great that Voula's indicates the gluten free options on the menu, but they are quite sparse.  For brunch my options were lentil soup (good) lemon potatoes (fine, but not that exciting), or yogurt with fruit.  Everyone else that wasn't GF seemed to like their food, but nobody was raving.   Service was so-so - not that friendly, and we had a hard time getting coffee refills.  Wouldn't be the first place I'd go back to in Rochester.
I have a new brunch favourite at Voula's - the Gythio plate with over easy eggs. The lentil soup is not your typical American lentil and ham soup. It is thinner and the lentils still have a chewy bite. Simply seasoned, they do not overwhelm the whole plate. The generous sprinkling of feta on top is the assertive and salty note the plate needs. I love that lemon potatoes are part of the Gytho plate. Voula's seems to have tweaked the lemon potatoes. The pieces are larger and are browned well, forming an amazing slightly crisp and lemony layer. Voula does not shy from the lemon and oregano. Her tweaks have made these (yes..I have to say it) the best lemon potatoes in Rochester. She has totally unseated Opa's version on my list. Last but not least, I am addicted to the Melomakarona cookies. They are located in the upper right hand corner of the dessert case usually. They look completely unassuming...just sitting in there, all brown and seemingly boring. You sort of feel bad for those cookies...sharing a case filled with smooth chocolate cakes and beautiful filo based pastries like baklava. So you get one Melomakarona cookie and bite into it with no expectations. Imagine a lightly sweet, thick, dense and moist graham cracker cookie soaked in a rosewater (maybe?) + honey syrup falling apart in your mouth. So freaking good. My friend and I got one to share at brunch today...and then 30 seconds later, I said "Uhm....yeah... I need more of those to go." These are the perfect coffee accompaniment. Or by themselves. By the half dozen. I can't wait to come back! Never change, Voula (especially now that your lemon potatoes are perfect)!
Like the comfort of one's home, it's a 'natural ' to linger at Voula's. And linger, we did over a 2 1/2 hr lunch.  Everything is homemade and appears so appealing that one can't help ordering more than one can  eat. However, leftovers can be a lovely treat, and serve as another meal. From appetizer to dessert, we were pleased with all. Voula and her staff are committed to bringing the 'best', in every way, to the table. One of my favorites.
These sorts of businesses make me rethink the idea of moving back to a small town some day. Voula's Greek Sweets is the definition of a mom and pop small business. Bootstrapping at its finest. The lovely young proprietor (blanking on her name, but I believe Voula is her grandmother) knew the matriarch of her family had something special on her hands by the way of her home cooking and decided to let everyone on Rochester have a taste. From unique spreads like the Kafteri (feta with jalapeño-infused olive oil and roasted red pepper) with rosemary lagana bread to baklava and pita style sandwiches, you can taste the love in the preparation. If you could hug the mismatching plates as they arrive on your table without staining your threads, you'd do it. I was there for lunch, but apparently the brunch scene is quite the hang. If I were a resident of this sleepy village, there's no doubt I'd be a regular.
Tzatziki. Ouzon soda. Augulemono soup. what more can one ask for? well, amazingly fresh pastries and very nice service are lagniappe! This place made me want to dance like orba the Greek, that's how happy it made me. too bad it is in another state, otherwise I would be a regular.
"The 1000th person to like this page wins lunch on us!!" I saw this on Voula's Facebook and stalked the page for the next 15 minutes. 997... 998... 999--click! Yes! A free lunch scored. This actually turned into a free brunch after I emailed Voula and expressed my desire (and more likely availability) to try out their Saturday brunch offerings. After driving by twice, I finally spotted Voula's tucked away on Monroe Ave. You really have to be looking for it! I walked in with my boyfriend, who made a beeline right for the sweets case. I walked to the table with our server, then over to meet him. What treats! We were already looking forward to desert. I knew the breads were something special, so I ordered the Kafteri Egg Sandwich (two eggs, kafteri sauce, fresh dill and parsley on lagana bread). The kafteri sauce was described to us as cream cheese, olive oil, and jalapenos. I'm not one for spicy things but I took my chances. And I'm glad I did. The flavor combo was superb and especially accented by the fresh herbs. I also got to sample the Ouzon soda. This anice-flavored beverage is made right here in Rochester and I might consider buying a case. Ouzon cocktails, anyone? After cleaning our plates, we shared an orange-flavored pastry with nuts, spices and syrup. Wow. Rich with flavors but not overly sweet. Perfect crispy exterior. I think I want to be best friends with Voula. She's young, sweet, adorable in her little dress and apron, AND makes all the baked goods herself. Yes, I think we'd get along quite well. I'm ok with making frequent visits to ensure this friendship evolves.
Don't be deceived by the name -- Voula's is so much more than great Greek desserts; it's also delicious lunches and breakfasts.  Everything is vegetarian and the menu has indicators for Vegan and Gluten Free. Atmosphere:  tucked away into the side of a building, Voula's is easy to miss, but the inside is so quaint and adorable you'll never forget it.  The name of the game is mismatch -- the tables, mugs, centerpieces all have such a happy, quirky uniqueness shared by their owner.  The walls are Caribbean Blue with white trim, evocative of the white buildings surrounded by sea on a Greek Isle.  So much love and such a big part of Voula's own personality is evident in the decor.  It's impossible not to fall in love with the restaurant (and her owner).   Food:  the food is, bluntly, amazing.  Get the dips, which are all pretty great, and come with bread, which is om-nom-nom-nom-nom.  The breads are some of the best I've ever had, and you can choose between rosemary, salt-and-pepper-and sesame (s-and-p was to die for).  On Tuesdays, Voula makes 12 calzones and they're gone when they're gone.  My advice is to high-tale it to Voula's next Tuesday -- this was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten! Dessert:  You can't go to Voula's and not be tempted by the dessert display.  We had a twisted-orange-baklava pastry (I cannot remember the name, but that will get you there) -- it was amazing.  Rich enough for two people to split one pastry. Ideal for:  a light meal or a snack with friends.  They'll be uber envious of your ability to always find the cutest little places to eat! What makes this restaurant such a find is Voula herself.  She greeted us, served us, and is so personable and sweet.  You will fall in love just like we did.
I was taken completely aback when I walked into Voula's. I'm not sure why, maybe because the parking was so cramped and it looked unassuming from the storefront. I totally expected it to be a small take-away place with a few tables and chairs functionally provided to sit and enjoy a snack. Instead, it was a heavenly-smelling cozy cafe complete with cute vintage and antique furniture (think tables and chairs that are artfully mismatched) and a lovely wooden mirror adorned with twinkling lights in the far corner. The mood was open and welcoming and the pastries on display immediately drew me in. Voula herself is young and vibrant and I'm certain there is not a better selection of Greek sweets in Rochester. The pastries taste even better than they look. I got the kariokes, a fudge chocolate bar infused with wonderful flavors of clove and walnuts and a version of baklava shaped like a pretzel with ground pistachio and gorgeous undertones of sweet orange. I've never had such flavorful Greek pastries before. Usually they're too sweet and doused in honey, but these stood out because they were packed with flavor and were able to shine beyond the healthy helpings of sugar. In addition to sweets, Voula's serves delicious vegetarian Greek lunches and brunch. Many of the dishes feature lagana, a flat Lenten Greek bread that makes pita bread look like dried toast. Light, garlicky, baked in olive oil, this bread could stand on its own without a single accompaniment, and it's for sale to take home by the counter. I could eat this bread all day. The spanikopita is fantastic as well, and I suspect they make their own phyllo dough. Voula's specials are always posted to the facebook page, and the menus are posted here on Yelp. I'm going to have to head back for Brunch one Saturday. This place is a gem. And gems are so much more endearing when they're lovely surprises. Voula's is warm, delicious, bright, airy and oh-so-reasonably priced. It's almost funny that it's located next to the Park Bench!
I love this place so much!!  I wish they were open for dinner.  The lentil soup, vegan spanikopita and lemon potatoes are my favorite menu items - yum!  What a gem.
I hate eating out for breakfast/brunch. I really do. Execution is usually lacking, the quality of the ingredients doesn't measure up to what I can easily do at home and the price is way to high for what you're getting. Despite my general reticence about the meal, I have to say that Voula's is slinging out dynamite brunch hidden in the middle of the Monroe/Goodman area and eating there made me truly happy. If you haven't made the trek over on a Saturday morning yet do it this weekend and enjoy some great hospitality and some kick-ass food. We split the kafteri egg sandwich, tria nissia and some lemon potatoes between the two of us and walked away completely satisfied. The kafteri was nicely tangy with a slight spice kick and a great egg condiment on the sandwich. Lagana is a chewy, flavorful flat bread that works really well with eggs and even though the sandwich concoction edged toward greasy it still felt wholesome. The tria nissia was so simple but completely delicious and really well seasoned. The feta and oregano were liberally applied to the perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs. Mixing with the lemon potatoes with the broken yolks and lagana chunks made for a hybrid hash that hit all the notes I love. The potatoes themselves had some char marks and were lemony without being overpowering and had plenty of salt even for me. Voula was serving us and came over a few times to chat even during a busy brunch service and was charming and welcoming and made us want to make this a regular stop off on the weekend. We walked away with some chocolate pastries to go since everything looked so perfect in the case. The kok was a pleasant version of a whoopie pie and the other two (kariokes and pouraki) had some flavors that either my fiancee or I didn't enjoy (relatively strong cloves or orange) but they were well made and had some delicious aspects as well. 100% good stuff and well worth dragging yourself out of the house on a weekend morning to enjoy top notch hospitality and food that you feel good about!
Brunch was pretty great here.  It wasn't your typical brunch menu, which was awesome, because sometimes you get tired of the same old omlettes-pancakes-frenchtoast menus.  Voula's offers, although a short, a very different menu for brunch.  Expect a lot of feta cheese to make appearances, as well as some really spectacular potatoes and some greek dips that I wouldn't expect to eat for brunch (but loved doing so nonetheless).  I'll be back again and I'll be sure to save some room for the yummy looking desserts.
Mmmmm mmmmm mmmm. I recently went to Voula's for their Saturday brunch. It's quite a distracting place with their Greek sweets, free samples, Ouzon soda, and Chickpea Vegan Quarterly zine. They have a small brunch menu, maybe listing 10 or so items. We ordered an Ouzon soda, Gythio plate, Kafteri egg sandwich, and the orange almond saligaria. The Ouzon was a four ingredient anise flavored delight. Once our plates arrived, we dove in. My dish was the Gythio and I particular liked the lentils and lemon potatoes. The bread was great for soaking up the remainder. We finished with the saligaria, stuffed with sesame seeds and Middle Eastern spices. I would definitely return for their sweets and probably the Ouzon. I sense Gin and Ouzon cocktails in my future.
I love sweets. I went to voula to try some greek sweets and it did not disappoint me. Most of their sweets are based on phyllo, with fresh, rich and delicious filling. But be careful, they are a little too sweet and you need a bottle of water to accompany with. The owners are very friendly and helpful. They are patient to explain every greek dessert to me. I have already planned my next visit this Saturday morning. Their Saturday brunch is really popular!
The best! Had the greek pizza. Love the Kok pastry. Sometimes I stop by just to pick up pastries to share with people at work. It's super cute inside and they are so friendly. I tell everyone I come across to try it.
Love the lemon potatoes! The gythio plate satisfied the skeptical resident carnivore...the lentil and feta with the egg was filling and satisfying. baklava was a little different than any I've had before, with and I really enjoyed it, lots of warm spice notes and not overly sweet, even better at home the next day. Everyone working so pleasant and welcoming.
I'm not a vegetarian and I have had lunch, brunch, pastries, spreads, and numerous specials at Voula's and can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here. She makes the best lentil soup, spanakopita, and orzo-stuffed peppers in town and you should definitely treat yo'self to the almond cookies with the powdered sugar or the orange saligaria (a variant of baklava with orange peel and spices) for dessert. The ambiance is great, food is delicious and reasonably priced, and the staff members are very friendly.
What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood Vouls's. So happy they are here! They have a diverse Greek menu to suit every sort of dietary desire. Personally vegan and couldn't be more pleased with Voula's versatility to accommodate me as well as my carnivore friends. The offering of in-house faux meat gyro stands out as an out of the ordinary offering. But the exceptional selection of home made fresh Greek offerings is many, including gluten-free and vegan sweets!
It's not my first to go there. The brunch is awesome as always. I ordered Monemvassia plate. It has cheese filled bread-like thing, tomato, egg and lentil soup. This is my favorite. My friend ordered egg sandwiches. It looked yummy too. All the dishes are vegetarian, maybe organic too. It looks so healthy. The atmosphere there is relaxing and friendly. Decoration is lovely. The only thing is that the brunch is only open on Saturday, not Sunday.
Just popped in for the 1st time after hearing about Voula's. All I have to say is YUM! We just grabbed a few sweets to go, but I can't wait to go back in for a meal!
One of my favorite lunch spots in the city. All the lunch options and sweets are Greek perfection. Voula keeps things simple and straightforward in the most wonderful way. My personal favorite us the horiatiki salad and lentil soup, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
There is always a variety of vegan baklava and it is always good. I also had vegan spanakopita, which I thought I'd never be able to enjoy after going vegan. The food has always been great and everyone is really friendly!
I yelped "lunch restaurants" in Rochester, NY and at the top of the list was Voula's Greek Sweets on Monroe Avenue. So my two sisters and I went there today and were very, very happy with everything. We shared three delicious "dips" and wonderful bread -- then each had a single entree. Very good. We felt like we were in someone's quaint dining room right off the kitchen complete with cool old tables and adorably mismatched chairs, and collectible glasses and plates... with a backdrop of soft Greek music. The food is great. The place is adorable. Oh, and the traditional Greek desserts are to die for! What a treat! Can't wait to go again. Best thing? Everything was super fresh! Service was WONDERFUL, too. Yum yum. I meant to take photos to post, but got too caught up in the food! Next time!!!
I'm not too much of a sweets person, so this wasn't on the top of my list of places to check out, but when I saw they served lunch and breakfast I knew I had to stop in. I had the Gythio plate for breakfast this weekend-- scrambled eggs covered with lentils, lagana bread, lemon potatoes. Wow. This kind of breakfast is right up my alley. I was really happy with breakfast, but then the desert display case started calling my name. I know I just said I am not much of sweets person, but I do love  baklava. So I went over to pick out a piece and then I saw just so many gorgeous desserts. Anyway I was lured in by another desert, too, and I ended up taking that home. I forget what the second desert was called, but I think it started with a k and it was a half circle dipped in chocolate. It was like a dense chocolate cake with nuts, orange peel and spices. It was amazing, I highly recommend it. One thing I really appreciate about Greek desserts is that they tend to have more complex flavors and there is never frosting on things. Maybe I am a sweets-person after all, just not American sweets? A lagana bread round made it home with us, too. I have never had this type of bread before. It's like if focaccia bread and a flat bread had a delicious baby together. The bread is doused in olive oil and speckled with little herbs. I am sure this would have been great right out of the bag but we cut the round into toaster appropriate sized pieces and it was great. The lagana bread alone is enough reason to stop by on the way home from work. Definitely going to try to make it back for another breakfast-- there were several other menu items that I know have to be awesome. I wish they opened earlier on Saturday and were open on Sunday, too.
I sampled some of Voula's spreads at an event last year, grabbed a menu, and went into the shop the following day to see what it was all about.  I love everything I've tasted there.  It's a perfect place to dine or get take-out for a vegetarian like me.  When I do get take-out, I make sure to get the Kafteri spread which comes with Lagana bread.  I almost find myself stocking up on things for the week when I visit there.  I recommend liking Voula's Greek Sweets on Facebook so you can see her daily specials.  Fridays she has Vegan Spanakopita which I love, and I also like to order the Horiatiki Salad with feta.  For dessert I recommend the Saligaria.
Delicious Greek food. Provides Vegan options too! I've had the lemon potatoes and vegan spanikopita with a vegan pastry for dessert. The restaurant is small, but cute and Voula is very sweet and usually comes to greet customers.
Love.  Fresh, homemade delicious Greek food.  Today I had the Tyropita and the soup special.  I restrained myself from getting dessert because I wanted to be awake for the drive back to Buffalo, but wow the pastry cabinet looked good.  I hope I have more work assignments in Rochester so I have an excuse to come try more of the menu.
Voula's is an amazing little place hidden away off Monroe. They have their own parking lot which is great when you don't have time to hunt down a spot and their food is amazing! The décor is warm and welcoming, urging you to relax and enjoy your coffee. And Voula herself is there with a warm smile and say hello to the customers, truly one of the most beautiful restaurateurs in Rochester.   I recently met up with a bunch of fellow Yelpers to try out Voula's Saturday brunch, everyone was very pleased with what they ordered and I am sure many of them will go into details on their own reviews SO I will try to stick with mine. I uploaded a picture of their Dessert Display and I am just glad I didn't see it till I was in line to pay my check. I don't have a huge sweet tooth but Wow! I ordered the Gythio (Ethio) Plate that came with Scrambled eggs topped with a thick lentil soup and feta cheese, lemon potatoes and warm Lagana Bread. Where to start?! This meal was an AWESOME way to kick off your Saturday. I burned it off on a long walk but I know others had plans to go to parks and to go garden. Brunch here is also a way to go out and enjoy some yummy food without the Sunday crowds. Eggs where fluffy and the lentils and feta definitely lent it a unique taste and a unique texture. I know what you're thinking "lentil's for breakfast?" BUT IT WORKED!! Having the eggs scrambled was good but someone else ordered them over easy and that sounds much better! The warm Laguna bread was good, it was thick without sitting in your stomach like a brick and I can just imagine it sponging up warm yellow yolks! The coffee was definitely good as well, well made, if not as strong as I like. My cup was kept filled and our server was awesome, very much a sweat heart. Last and best for me were the Lemon Potatoes. Apparently they are a fairly standard Greek fare that some how I had not tried till just a few weeks ago. My first order came from Jays Diner and they were good, if not as freshly made. Voula's,, like everything else, were amazing. A nice crispness to compliment the softness of the cooked potato, the lemon flavor is unusual for our western pallet but if you give it a chance I think most people would enjoy them as much as I did. As for the sweets, the looked amazing and my sweet tooth is small and dull. I did try a coffee cookie and that was very fresh, crisp and sweet without being a tooth ache. It would go exceedingly well with, you guessed it, coffee. It was the last thing I tasted along with my final sip of coffee and it was a lovely way to end our brunch. Whether it's Saturday for Brunch or any other time, go give Voul'as a chance. If you like Mediterranean food you will not walk away unsatisfied.
Voula's is one of my favorite Rochester restaurants. I love introducing friends to it and witnessing their great enjoyment when they walk in and take in their surroundings and experience the food. From the fresh ingredients to the friendly vibe, I know what to expect when I go and I always leave satisfied.
Lovely homey little place with artfully msmatched decor. At 10:30 on Saturday, there was no wait, and we had the entire place to ourselves.  We ordered tria nissia which was three over easy eggs sprinkled liberally with wonderful feta over fresh lagana bread.  The bread was nicely crisp and warm outside and soft inside.  We also shared lemon potatoes which had some outer crispness, but soft and very lemony inside.  Really great breakfast.  The space really is inviting and makes you feel at home.  Service was attentive, very fast, and prices were reasonable.  Of course we had to take home a sampling of pastries as well.  Spoke briefly to the owner Voula who was warm and unpretentious.   She artfully wrapped up our pastries and sent us on our way.  We will surely be back for more.  Great experience
Love this place. I go there at least once a week for lunch. Everything I have had is really good. I went again today and had the large greek salad and Kafteri spread. The brunch on the weekend is great too.
I frequent a wine, cheese, dessert and chocolate bar with my wife thats sells Voula's cranberry saligaria, kataifi, and baklava. We have eaten all of these things and loved them so we decided to go to the source and see what other deliciousness there was to be had. We chose the "chocolate layer cake", because we were told that it was layered, moist, and sweet while not overly rich. Instead it was dry, chalky, not at all layered, and kind of bitter. We are willing to give this place a second chance, but won't be trying the chocolate cake again soon(ever). I think we will stick to the Fillo pastries. #disappointed
Fresh healthy food. Got the vegan gyro platter. They could be slightly more generous with the fake meat but overall I was pleased. Desserts are a bit pricey but they are pretty laborous to make and ingredients can be expensive--if you want a cheap dessert, get a donut!
Stopped by the first time today to try it out after moving back to Rochester.  We loaded up on sweets (none of which I could pronounce).  Everything was delicious and the baklava was better than most I've had.  Voula and the rest of the staff are great.  We will be back!
I first found out about this restaurant through the owner of Peppermint. She urged me to walk down to Voula's and I'm so glad I did! The food was DELISH. I had the vegan spanakopita & took the Baklava home for dessert. Since then I have been back multiple times and never been disappointed. The food is always fresh, tasty & the owner is very sweet.
If you like Greek sweets, or you're a vegetarian, you simply must try Voula's Greek Sweets. Voula is charming and attentive, and clearly takes alot of pride in her food and pastry offerings, as well as the service in her restaurant. The saligaria, a pastry similar to baklavah and made with candied orange peel, is simply divine. The lentil soup and greek salad make for a great lunch, and who can resist a pastry to go?
After reading all the other reviews, I was tempted to try this place out, and I am happy to say I was not disappointed. This place will surprise you. The place itself, right next to Park Bench pub, is nondescript from the outside, but has plenty of character inside. It's like a little dining room, and aesthetically very pleasing. The desserts on display definitely help. On my first visit here, I tried the vegan Baklava, and rice pudding, both of which were special. Encouraged, I returned for lunch the next day with a friend. We started off with the kafteri spread, served with delicious toasted Lagana wedges, which are like pitas, but way fresher. They are also sprinkled with the right amount of black pepper which ensures they are not bland. For lunch, my friend had the Stuffed pepper, which was stuffed with orzo, zucchini and other tasty things I cannot recollect. I myself had the Voula's sandwich, with the kafteri bread and absolutely loved it. It was a perfect lunch, and I look forward to returning here many more times. Voula herself is friendly and vibrant, and was happy to make recommendations and help us in our choices.
So fresh and flavorful savories. Yes you can have a full meal here, but it requires you to order a few different types of dishes--you will want to.  Get the skordalia and papoutsaki!  They don't advertise as such, but this restaurant is meatless!
