Maggie is also a great stylist for straight hair. Mine is very thin and strait as a string. Maggie has a good eye to look at someone's face and figure out the best style for them. Like others, I no longer live in the Buffalo area, but I return there regularly to visit family. I always make an appointment to see Maggie while I'm home. I think the price of a hair cut is extremely reasonable. The cuts and color treatment that Maggie gives me last for several months. It's definitely worth the price. I especially like the stylish yet un-snotty attitude at Refinery. Everyone there is great.
I can't say enough good things about my experience at The Refinery.  My hair was colored by Michele and cut by Maggie.  It turned out exactly as I was hoping, to a T.  Both Michele and Maggie took the time to meet with me before they started working on my hair- to discuss what I would like, what my hair is like, and how I would want to wear it.  I cut my hair from long to collarbone length, and got an ombre from my natural brown to blonde. My hair came out beautifully and natural looking- perfect color with no visible color lines, and the cut was exactly what I was looking for: easy and beachy. Everything apart from the hair experience was equally great: the décor, the ladies helping in the salon- really everything and everyone was positive and comfortable. While the price was a bit steep compared to what I normally pay, I truly believe it was worth every penny to get exactly what I wanted in such a nice atmosphere.  I would readily recommend The Refinery to any of my friends or family- it's honestly an amazing place where you will get exactly what you want!! Glad to have The Refinery in the neighborhood!
I met Maggie at Bumble & Bumble in NY (where I live), and she is AMAZING. I now come back to Buffalo (where my parents live) to get my hair cut. I notice that lots of people are referencing that Maggie used to work at another salon in Buffalo before stepping out on her own. Everyone is missing that she was originally a senior stylist at BUMBLE AND BUMBLE in NYC. Yes, Maggie is a hair wizard with her skilled razor cuts. My fiance is even willing to pay NYC B&B prices for her work*. She does magic. She is also an amazing person and I am so happy that she has opened her own salon. The Refinery is a beautiful space and I have had great experiences there so far. My entire family are now clients at The Refinery, and they're all satisfied customers (and they look great!!). I can't wait for Maggie to do my hair for my wedding in October! I am always so excited and happy to see her. Five star styling + a five star personality = The Refinery. *No, she does not charge NYC prices in Buffalo. Prices are very reasonable!
Maggie Ryan. That's all you need to know if you have curly hair. If you aren't in love with your curls, stop fighting with them and go see Maggie. She is totally the curl whisperer! When I first started seeing Maggie (formerly at Chez Ann), she took time to understand my hair woes and she knew exactly what I needed - the right cut and TIME. For me, it was letting my hair grow past the trouble spot so that it could really develop the curl/ringlets that I now love. I see Maggie every 6 months or so instead of every 6 weeks with my previous stylist. She could double her price ($60) and it would still be a bargain because of the saved visits. I can't give this shop enough love.  Once you go there, you will completely understand.  People stop me on the street or in the ladies room and ask me where I get my hair done and what products I use (none). My hair is that amazing and it's all thanks to Maggie. If you have curly hair, you need to get yourself an appointment. :-)
Hertel Ave has recently been upgraded with the addition of The Refinery.  Located at 77 Saranac Ave, this charming and fashionable salon stands apart from other hair salons and day spas in the area.  The Refinery rises above the rest not only because of the stunning decor with large, rich mirrors and sparkling chandeliers, but also because of the incredible talent that is housed within this place. The Refinery was opened by Maggie Ryan and Michele Huntington who previously worked at Chez Ann.  I really feel that both of these women were put on this earth to enhance the beauty of men and women.  Over the past six years, I have never had a bad haircut or color from either of them.  Their ability to refine the color, style and health of hair makes them the perfect team.  As I previously mentioned in my review of Chez Ann, they transformed the mop atop my head from a true disaster to a style that is chic, manageable, shiny and beautiful.  After all these years, I still feel lucky to have found them! During my first visit to The Refinery, I explained to Michele that I wanted my color to look richer while still keeping some lightness throughout my hair for the summer.  Even though this was a really crappy and vague description, Michele still knew exactly what to do and delivered an end result that was better than what I was envisioning.  Maggie was also kind enough to trim my bangs free of charge, which really polished off my new 'do. While the prices are not the lowest (especially for someone like me who has three times more hair than a normal person), paying the extra few bucks is absolutely worth it. For $90 (before tip), I walked out of the salon feeling sexier and sassier than I have in a long time. Priceless. Random yet important notes: Street parking is easy on Saranac. Good, current music is constantly playing.  Nail services do not seem to be offered just yet. Facial waxing is available. Be sure to visit The Refinery if you're in the mood to turn some heads!
Went to see Maggie today for a hair cut and color touch up--she is an absolute goddess. I have very curly hair and had a bad hair cut, and came in with a few ideas of what I wanted and she knew exactly what to do. She gave me an incredible amount of her time and really takes pride in what she does. It's a little more than I have been paying for a cut, but 200% worth it. I would recommend her to anyone with curly hair, or anyone who just wants a stylist who listens and has attention to detail. Everyone at the salon was engaged in all the patrons care and satisfaction. 10/10, I will be returning for sure
I had a great experience at The Refinery. Having moved to Buffalo from Brooklyn recently, I was on the hunt for a new salon. So glad I came across this place. I went to see Michele to get my hair highlighted (using the balayage method). With very minimal instructions, Michele got the colour just right. I wanted something lighter for the summer and she delivered. In addition, everyone at the salon was so welcoming and nice. And the price was absolutely great. Will be venturing back for a haircut at the end of the summer.
Wonderful new hair salon right off Hertel Ave. Super cool space; large mirrors, exposed tin ceiling, nice lighting. All of the stylists are really bubbly and friendly. I just got a simple trim but it made the world of difference. I'll definitely be coming back.
I'll just say this........ I fly to Buffalo from NYC just to get my hair cut and colored by Grace. She is THAT amazing!!! I love her. The entire salon is lovely, too. A very fun, friendly bunch with eclectic style and great vision for each client.
The ladies at The Refinery are masters of their work - they know hair period. Maggie is a maestro with curly hair - she trained in NYC and is simply, a wizard with scissors. I have unruly, dry curly hair and my first cut with Maggie made me fall in love with my hair. I'm also blessed with a round face and I never thought I could wear bangs fashionably - Maggie made it happen! What impressed me most about the cut was how beautiful it grew out - no uneven layers, no awkward transition between cuts. I go 6 months between cuts now. Moreover, she was kind enough to show me how to style my hair and gave me tips on fun little up-dos. Shell does my color and though I'm a pansy about putting too many harsh chemicals in my hair, she works *very* patiently with me to get the results I want. My first color didn't take well and I went back several weeks later - she did it all over again with perfect results and unexpectedly, without charging me! A little side note for those who may find this helpful - I had initially met them at their previous work location (Chez Ann downtown). They were the first in the business that I came across that never pushed products - I was always told what was going into my hair (serum, gloss, etc), but only when I asked for names, did they state that they carried the brand and was available if I was so inclined. I'm continually impressed by their talent, professionalism and warm, welcoming demeanor. Worth every penny spent. They have a customer for as long as I'm in Buffalo!
I decided to make an appointment bc this salon is in my neighborhood and I am very happy to contribute to Hertel business's. I have been seeing the same stylist since I moved to Buffalo, so this was a pretty big deal for me!  I am not from here and do not know very many people so I went in to the appointment with no recommendation or common acquaintances. I walked in and was greeted by literally everyone!  They were all genuinely warm and inviting.  I was instantly comfortable.   The salon itself is very cool inside.  Each station has these gigantic floor mirrors that are just awesome.  They have these gorgeous feminine chandeliers that mix perfectly with the rest of the decor.   Anyway, the salon is beautiful.  The most important thing was the cut and color.  Michelle colored my hair and I don't know how she did it, but she just got me!  I was able to explain what I wanted.  I could tell she was listening and not just waiting to talk. Basically she did a wonderful job and I love my color!  We did a subtle  ombré!  Think what you see on Pintrest... She did it!!! Maggie gave me a great cut!  She kept my long hair long but took off the dead ends.  She took one look at the way my hair was hanging and she knew what my issue was and she knew how to fix it.  I had great convos with both of these women.  You can tell they are just cool chicks and they love what they do!  This is my new salon and I would recommend it!
Master color artist, Michelle Huntington and Master Hair stylist, Maggie Ryan, have opened up an incredible salon on 77 Saranac Avenue, off of Hertel Avenue; The Refinery Salon. Former stylists of Chez Ann Salon, this duo will work their magic and make your hair look and feel incredible! This salon is not only filled with some of the most talented hair stylists in Buffalo, but it has been remodeled and decorated beautifully! I went to them last week after not seeing them for about three years...I had Maggie cut my hair all with a razor then Michelle color corrected my hair. Let me tell you, they do a beyond an amazing job! Their professionalism, integrity, and honesty to clients is just a bonus. The Refinery Salon is exactly what I have been looking for in a salon for a very long time. Everyone is down to earth, all the stylists are highly educated, and have a love for what they do.  They specialize  in all cutting styles and will color your hair exactly the way you want  it! I it is a great family and friend atmosphere and I will absolutely return, along with refer anyone who asks me about my beautiful hair done by none other than Maggie Ryan and Michelle Huntington at The Refinery Salon!
