Just passing through town for a wedding and looking for a place to have a good beer after the reception and before returning to our motel.  Thanks to Yelp and smart phones that know your location, this was an easy 10 minute drive from the reception. Whomever on Yelp said Awesome beer selection on tap did not speak with forked tongue.  Twenty beers, 19 of which I'd drink - never touch that "lite" stuff. I can't say anything about the food since we didn't try any, but good beer at low prices ($3.50 - $4 /pint), a good live jazz group (Ultra Vibe), and free admission is more than we could have asked for. And grungy, hippy ambience is certainly an accurate description.  Check this place out if you're in town. For the record, I had a Rogue Chocolate Stout and my wife had a Downtown Brown from the Lost Coast Brewery.
Every week after a tiring kickboxing class my friends and I would throw all the hard work down the drain and come here and enjoy their glorious wraps.  I use to get a thai wrap with a peanut dressing which was delicious and the chips on the side were tasty w/ some fresh salsa.  They have very good coffee and lots of beer (I am not a beer fan so I don't know anything about their selection) They have tons of homemade desserts and cookies - I had the carrot cake once and I enjoyed it thoroughly.   You order at the counter up front , pay, and then they bring it out to you.   It was always pretty quick.  They also always seemed to have some form of entertainment - some nights they had music, I also think they had a game night... it was definitely a nice place but it was never too busy.  Another place I did'nt find until my senior year at SUNY otherwise I would have been more of a regular.
I have yet to eat here, so this is based solely on the beer, coffee, and general ambience. Good vibes, quirky, ecletic decor, helpful staff, great selection of beer with great prices (3.50 for a pint?  whaaaaat!), and free wifi.  What's not to love? Maybe next time I'll try some of the food- but from the looks of everyone else's finished plates-  I suspect it's damn good.
The ambiance here is a chill, laid-back... hippy coffee house? vibe. Their coffee/lattes are always delicious. Sandwiches are all so yummy. especially the foccacia melt... it's like a healthy pizza that doesnt taste healthy.. for dessert, try the chocolate confusion. It's a cake made with 3 layers; chocolate cake, chocolate mousse, and a brownie as the bottom. was wondering why it was called chocolate confusion and realized it's a chocolate dessert that clearly has an identity crisis.. But so delicious
Coffee is okay (I'm a coffee snob admittedly), atmosphere is great, and the owner is very nice.  Great selection of beer.  The food used to suck years ago, but last few times I went it was VERY good!  The service is friendly.  I gave it three stars instead of four because every time I have gone it's the customers who put me off.  They are university students who have little tie to the town and thus their attitudes shows.  The owner has tried his best to bring a good vibe to the area, and I would give him five stars, as he has succeeded.  He has increased the music scene greatly.   Note: by student I mean undergrads, you'll find the grad students are far enough from high school to not act cliquish.
Cybercafe definitely provides a great service to us poor students who can't afford internet in our apartments. I lived around the corner for two years and would stop in once in awhile for coffee, a bite and some net. Honestly, I can't say that anything ever really excited me about this place, as much as other people adore it. Decor is too far towards the shabby end of shabby chic. The food is fine, but I could easily do most of it myself at home - possibly with more successful results. The coffee is also only fine. Plenty of nice options if you're veg. If you like beer, then they have an awesome selection. But I'm not a veg and not really a beer fan either... ehhh you get the picture. We just didn't really ever completely click, me and Cybercafe. Still, it's a nice place to have around.
Live music, small cover charge. A great selection of bands every week. Fresh wraps, sandwiches, soups, chili~many vegan and vegetarian choices. A great selection of beer. Small selection of wine. Living room style area, table and chair areas as well. Desserts are locally made. I enjoy the Cyber West Cafe to meet with friends and have good conversation and a bite to eat. I also like it here because it's one cafe where there isn't a TV blasting sports!
Cyber Cafe is one of my absolute favorite places to have lunch in Binghamton. The menu has plenty of vegetarian choices, many of which can be made vegan; and some really amazing desserts, including a delicious vegan chocolate cake, and excellent cheesecakes. The beer selection is great and they offer a sampler with small portions of several different beers, which I enjoy immensely. There are also plenty of non-alcoholic beverages, including lattes and italian sodas. There's plenty of room to spread out study materials, or to play games, which are available behind the counter if you just ask.
I forgot how great their food is. I've eaten here so many times over the years, but for some reason, there has been a span of about six years since my previous meal there. Ah, but lunch there earlier this week rekindled my love of their menu! While I am NOT in love with the rolling floors and shabby interior, their food is seriously flavorful and satisfying! I was far too full from my lunch to consider dessert, but one glance at the dessert case reminded me of how great their desserts had always been! Guess I'll have to pay a visit strictly for some sweets! btw, it's also a great place to meet for coffee on a first date. I did so last year in the midst of a summer downpour and thus commenced the most wonderful relationship with the greatest love of my life ; ) (yes, my love for him has surpassed even the best of lemon meringue pies, Oak's Inn's shrimp scampi and Thai Thai's Massaman Shrimp.)
This place is a great coffee shop.  Live music!  Chess club!  Good, high quality food at reasonable prices!  (Though its more expensive than others in the area, its still cheaper than NYC). This place is great and one of the few things I miss about Binghamton.
Lots to like: PLACE: This is a cafe style restaurant/bar hybrid (no waitresses, you order at the counter and they bring your food out to your table.  Decor is very low-end artsy...a fairly run down establishment which somehow works in its favor.  The Cyber also has a stage for musicians, and this place is probably the most prolific venue for local (and usually free) music.  This place defines the word CASUAL. FOOD:  A fairly static menu of salads, wraps and sandwiches.  Many are delicious and well priced, but nothing remotely considered fine dining.  Daily specials add to the variety. BEER:  They have one of the greatest varieties of draft beer (after the Ale House and Food & Fire) in the area.  Mostly American craft beers which change periodically.  They update their Facebook page beer list which is nice.  Prices are reasonable, and they do pitchers as well (one pitcher = cost of three pints = a nice savings.)  They also do wine, but no liquor. SERVICE:  This place only has counter service, but all the employees are universally friendly and genial. MUSIC:  As I said, very music oriented with local bands playing almost nightly (mostly folk and dead-head variety, but by no means limited to same). NAME:  CyberCafe?  Really?  Yes, they serve coffee and have WiFi, but the word Cyber does NOT convey the feel of this place in any way.  I guess they opened sometimes in the 1990's when that sounded like a cool modern name. OVERALL:  I love this place and go there often,  Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere, interesting clientele, and GREAT BEER.
An oasis of cool in a pretty uncool city (yeah, I'm a native). Their monday night team trivia is the best around, you can even be a 1 person team if you're just getting started, and the prize is a gift card (for free food and drinks next time). Jeff, the owner, is very friendly and the baristas are funny and knowledgeable (whenever I order a beer, I ask "what's new and good?" and have never been disappointed). The food is great, something for everyone, and the desserts are incredible. There's an area for chess behind the stage, and board games to the side, so it's a fun place to just hang out with a friend and enjoy a couple drinks, whether it be beer, coffee, or freshly squeezed lemonade. The live music is typically very good, and the house band "monkeys typing" always have a lot of fun thursday nights. Stop in-- you won't be disappointed.
This is such an amazing little spot! Whether you're looking for drinks, a meal, or just a fun night out in Binghamton, this is pretty much as good as it gets. Amazing vegan and vegetarian options abound, as do fun and funky twists on old favorites that are all cleverly named (the "Wrap of Khan" is a particularly amusing example). Whole in the Wall hummus and pesto are also available, which is a great bonus. As for entertainment, the music is always fun. Thursday evenings usually feature Monkeys Typing, an excellent Grateful Dead cover band. There are tons of little nooks and crannies to discover inside the building. The upstairs offers smaller rooms for groups to meet in, while the downstairs and back patio are cozy and comfortable as well. There are lots of good beers and unusual tea and coffee drinks (the Octopus is a particular favorite- coffee with eight shots of espresso! Not for the faint of heart!). Overall, this is just a really nice and relaxed place to come with a big group or a close friend for a memorable evening out.
Ah, Cyber Cafe!  Located in a main area of Binghamton, this place is so great - the welcoming atmosphere, low-key, hip music, comfy seating areas and impressive selection of coffees, teas and food makes it a popular spot. I used to grab coffee and a scone here. . . Cyber Cafe is a great place.  A fantastic hangout for one and all.
The food here is soo good. Plus, there is usually some sort of live music & it makes for a great atmosphere to hang with friends or do some studying.
I've been coming to the Cyber Cafe for over a decade. There is usually great live music every weekend- you really can't go wrong. Wanna play chess? There are tables set up in the back for just that. How about a game of pool? Give the nice people at the front your license and take their balls upstairs. This place  is great because there are rooms throughout, decorated like someone had a party at the salvation army- it's down to earth and there are plenty of lounge areas to just chill with friends....play trivia, sketch, share a pitcher, or just bullshit with strangers. It's great. My only suggestion is that they consider putting in another ladies room. Don't get me wrong...I make some of my best gal pals waiting in line but I'm just sayin'..... If you've never been, absolutely worth a look-see.
Great chocolate chip cookies. The iced coffee is pretty good too! I've also had the soup-and-salad combo which makes for a great, filling meal on a chilly evening. The summer veggie soup is especially good, with a definite kick to it! The free wifi is a bonus.
Eh, I'm not the biggest fan. They have a fantastic beer selection, and good food, but I just can't get with the atmosphere. I appreciate the semi-grungy, earthy feel, but there's a fine line between that and dirty (i.e. the bathrooms). And it kind of feels like this place is constantly under some kind of renovation that never seems to get done. I'd recommend it if you're not as weird as I am about these things.
Love the atmosphere, friendly service and friendly environment.  Usually indulge on the chicken sinclair, fisherman's wharf or rabbi's nightmare.  Great selection of beer and awesome beer sampler deals.  Priced around $8 for the sandwiches which are served with a small salad and a choice of about 8 salad dressings.  Great place to sit and lounge around.  Also a big fan of the Ms. Pacman, donkey kong, frogger arcade machine in the back.
They have an awesome beer selection on tap. A bit pricey for some ($10 for a pint of raging bitch). The food is usually good. Try the California wrap, fresh and very delicious. The vegetarian egg rolls are crisp and flavorful and come with a great dipping sauce. Definitely recommend this place. It's eclectic and a nice place to do work (free wifi!)
Cyber Cafe West is a real local treasure. When I went there last night, I was a little cautious because it didn't look welcoming from the outside. But boy, was I in for a surprise! I had the Vulcan (a veggie burger) and it was absolutely delicious. In fact, I think that was the best veggie burger I've had so far! I also really liked the ambience - there was relaxing, live music playing... the type that makes you feel like you're at home. The music also gave life and character to the atmosphere, something that many restaurants lack these days. I'd definitely recommend this place to a friend.
You can tell a lot about a place by the graffiti on their bathroom wall. That said, Cyber Cafe West shares these gems: "live and let live" "you are beautiful right here right now" "you are never alone" Talk about warm, friendly, and welcoming. I ventured to Cyber Cafe West while on a Buffalo-bound roundtrip, thanks to my fellow yelper's stellar reviews. Needless to say, I wasn't disappointed. The food was affordable and tasty, the crowd was friendly, and we even got to listen to a live band as we munched on our late night dinner. But mostly importantly, I had the BEST CAPPUCCINO EVER here. And yes, the caps are completely necessary. Every time I think about ordering any type of coffee, I now think of the excellence that is the Oreo cappuccino, and how nothing will ever compare to its greatness. I here vow, that whenever I take a roadtrip that will bring me in relative proximity to Binghamton, I will be stopping by Cyber Cafe.
One of my favorite places to go in Binghamton not only for their food but for their beer and entertainment. There is always something going on at Cyber. For instance, every Thursday night the owner and his band play cover songs of bands like the Dead. They are amazing! Also there is a trivia night and frequent band guests. Their food is pretty yummy. They have many veggie options too. If you are a veggie, try the Vulcan. The whole place has tons of character and is a great place to just sit back and relax. They even have big comfy couches and a room of games. Check it out!
I don't live in Binghamton anymore, but my friends who do recently moved to an apartment a stone's throw from here, so I had the joy of getting to visit again.  My only regret is that at the time of my last visit, I was briefly off coffee, and didn't get a chance to sample any of their delicious coffee menu.  The food's not half-bad either, which doesn't sound like high praise, I realize, but I don't usually come for the food.  There's live music and trivia, though I usually go upstairs to hang out on the furniture that's been there as long as I can remember.  A+ for ambiance, and what I love about the Cyber is that your group can usually get a room more or less to yourself and no one will bother you.  I've never had a bad time here.
The hippie-est in all the land. This place has couches that I'm pretty sure came from grandmothers across Broome county, but it's unique and artsy. The food isn't nearly as good as it was when I first came into Binghamton four years ago, but it offers a nice selection and an even nicer beer selection. There's live music worth checking out on Thursday and Friday nights, and chili needing to be tried.
I discovered this place for the first time tonight when looking for local live music. They had a regional fiddle player tonight, Lissa Schneckenburger, who was an excellent musician, and my girlfriend and I really wanted to go (we recently realized through being members of an online music rating community, Fanzillo.com, that we like folk music). Anyway, Cyber Cafe was very cozy, very friendly staff, and technically, the stage/sound was very well done. The food was tasty, they had a lot of original choices on the menu, and the beer and wine selection was also very good. Overall, a great place to see live music or to just hang out. It seemed like they also had some other areas to sit and have a cup of coffee, so you could go anytime during the day. Will definitely be back again to check out other new artists! Everyone should check it out.
A nice local hangout for the alternative crowd, people who would rather hear each other talk over a cup of coffee than cram into a noisy bar.  Their Monday night trivia is IMPOSSIBLE but always fun to try.  And with plenty of vegetarian options, the food is abundant and high quality.  I've become obsessed with their pizza quesadilla, served with hot sauce and cool ranch sauce for dipping.  The veggie chili is amazing.  Their desserts are SO delicious!  Try everything on the drink menu - from the raspberry lemonade to the white-hot chocolate "Casper".
CyberCafe West is a cafe style restaurant/bar. The place is a slightly run down establishment with its own personality touch on decoration which somehow works in its favor. Along with a list of fairly priced salads, wraps, sandwiches, and snacks, the joint also provides a variety of draft beers and wines for customers to indulge. The CyberCafe also has a stage for musicians, and the place is probably the most prolific venue for local (and usually free) music. I definitely recommend this place for a casual night hanging out with friends. It has a very creative back yard with water fountain and some retired playground chairs. Perfect for summer time!! And also for food wise, try their chocolate cake, not that triple chocolaty cake, just the chocolate cake, it was DELICIOUS!!!!
I rarely give five stars these days but this place deserves it -- great decor, amazing and eclectic and healthful food (try mushu chicken wrap and pumpkin latte), inexpensive (~$7/wrap), chill servers (educated me on what "fracking" means), good music (Serius folk station), outdoor patio (including a stone ladder in the back and amazing murals in the parking lot), and probably wi-fi service (contrary to what the name indicates, the place is huge and cyber service is not their only specialty)
I was going to write "great food!" but then i thought back on all my cyber cafe visits and i realized i have never ever had anything to eat there that i didn't enjoy. the prices may be more than your usual binghamton diner/cafe but the food is SO SO SO much better and you can tell everything is fresh. My favorites would be the coconut curry soup (it's a good day when this is on the specials board) or the veggie alfredo lasagna. but seriously, you can't go wrong. and a great deal of vegetarian options which is a nice change of pace compared to the usual binghamton restaurants. they also have some board games, and PhotoHunt!!!! a good deal of seating and live music (most nights)/trivia. i guess the only two things i can think of to make it even better is more dishes with tofu and chill with the jam bands.
Cyber Cafe West is a great hangout place, especially for college students. I absolutely adore all of their coffee drinks, and the chai latte is amazing! Also, the hummus is very good. The bands that play there tend to get old, but the atmosphere is very relaxed. I would not recommend trying to study here at night-it's so loud you can barely hear what your friends are saying right next to you. During the day it's much quieter.
If I ever need to meet someone, the Cyber Cafe West is my choice location. Almost everyone knows where it is, and for a good reason. Their great food and excellent vibe keeps people like me coming back for more. I love how they keep tabs! Their cookies are ginormous too.
Didn't play my reggae request for me but its still pretty chill has a binghamton feel to it ...over all a chill place
Get the BCC Melt oh my gawwwwd. Their trivia is much more competitive than Lost Dog's.  But their trivia master is very funny. The style of the place is great, couches, live music.  Pretty good selection of good beers.
Good desserts, nice place to hang out and have a cup of coffee, work on reading, etc. Student-friendly.
Variety is worth checking out. Coffees and Outstanding Beer Selection with more taps coming at you than many bars. Creative Veg and Dairy entrees here reminiscent of a spot on the South Side. Special live music events real frequently, mainly toward week's end. Don't expect atmosphere but enjoy substance. No real competition. Belmar Lounge is across Main St. Whirlwind trip here? Can easily hit each venue, or others, in one night. Evening is not bad but, Nighttime is the Righttime here. Lawrence Weinzimer
If you are going to Cyber Cafe West for beer, for the Monday night team trivia, to see a band, for a cup of coffee, or for dessert, I highly recommend it. The place has a great, relaxed atmosphere, probably the best beer selection in the Binghamton area with all sorts of great rotating tap options (Ommegang Chocolate Indulgence, Dogfish Head Midas Touch, Great Divide Titan to name a few great ones I've had over the years).  The desserts are really tasty and they make a nice cup of coffee. I am not terribly fond of their other food at all, however. They offer a wide array of wraps and sandwiches. Their chicken has an off-putting taste I don't care for. I definitely recommend going to Cyber West....just eat the main course before you go.
I can't speak for the coffee or the beer on tap since I only came for dinner with my friend. However, I was disappointed with this restaurant. We came an hour before close and were told that we were only allowed to order cold wraps because the grill was already off and they were very pushy to get us to leave once we finished eating. Overall, the food was ok but I did enjoy the unique feel and set-up of the place
I hang out here while waiting in between classes. They have a really yummy chai tea. I wish the prices weren't so steep, but it doesn't really keep me from going back. I really like this place.
I've been to the Cyber West Cafe plenty of times. They usually have a local band at night. The house band is a Grateful Dead cover band but the other bands can have different twists to them. Some are good some are not so good, but it is always a fun time with free Wifi and a good section of coffee and about 15 microbrews on tap. It is actually a great place to go if you are with some people that like to drink and with people that don't because it offers choices for all. I've only eaten there a few times but the food has been good and they have many vegetarian options. Even though they have a lot of beer on tap, there is no bar. You walk up tp the counter and grab your beer before heading back to one of the eclectic seating areas (Depending on the phase of Jupiter or the alignment of the moon, or something like that they sometimes have waitress service). The place appears to be a bit run down (OK, it more than appears tat way), but I think that is part of its charm. If everything were new and fancy, the Cyber Cafe West wouldn't work.
Took a friend for dinner last Friday.Her first time. Great service , wonderful salad and sandwich. I'll be back in a month. I've been a fan since my oldest was at college there. Now when ever I'm in the area I go. Now they'll know at the next Odyssey of the Mind State finals next year as well!
cyber cafe has great food, and a great beer selection.  they have random, locally distributed beers, smaller business beers, for example magic hat #9 or flying dog.  they also have a sampler special where you can try 6 8ox glasses for like, 8 bucks
Great food and staff plus the only place left in this cultural wasteland to see out of town music acts.
When living in Binghamton while in grad school this was my second home. Eclectic selection of homemade appetizers, sandwiches, salads, soups, and deserts - all organic, very vegetarian/ vegan friendly. 22 beers on tap and 9 or 10 wines to choose from and their coffee is delicious. Chill atmosphere if you want to relax but there's always something going on: team trivia on Mondays, open mike or karaoke on Tuesdays and live music Wed-Sat, including the house (jam) band Intermission on Thursdays. Some of the bigger acts on weekends attract a cover charge but I never saw it more than $10, $5 was more common and most shows are free. Stop in, grab a local beer, nosh on some veggie chili and catch a show when you're in town, you won't be disappointed.
A:  Eclectic, laid back, artistic - creative juices inducing kind of place.  Good to study, meditate, drink coffee and forget that outside the front door is Main Street Binghamton.  I feel like I am in a college town coffee shop - Ithaca, Charlottesville, Blacksburg, Roanoke, Richmond.  You get it? B:  Affordable.  Desserts are pricier than I would expect in comparison to the rest of the menu.   C:  I usually get a coffee - drink it too fast and then order an Italian cream soda or vice versa.  Two drink girl when I go here.  I think the coffee concoctions are better than (gasp)  St*b$.  Heehee.  This last visit we tried the vegetarian chili with side salad and the nachos.  the chili is worth the trip back.  Most things vegged - you gotta wonder if you are gonna have to hunt for your next meal or throw salt on it to make cardboard palatable...but every now and then you get a veg dish and it makes you think you can give up bacon and come to the green side - this comes close; but oinky calls and I can't turn my back.  The chili is chunky, flavorful, memorable and you want to dunk stuff in it like corn bread, corn chips, your fingers...yeah...mmmm.
Great place all around.  Good food and beer selection.  Amazing chocolate chip cookies.  Nice place to go during the day if you need some lunch, a coffee and wifi.
Beer if you can afford it. Service sucks, people suck, generally not a chill place to hang out. They suck!!!
I came here with a friend for a light dinner. I ordered a side salad and sweet potato fries. The fries were good, the sauces were quite interesting. I had a wasabi/ranch based sauce, which was spicy. The fries had a tangy sauce but I wish the fries were HOT. For some reason it was not when I got them. My friend and I ordered a cookie for dessert. The cookies are HUGE and we were able to get it warmed up. Delicious. If I come back, I will probably just get a cappuccino because I hear that is their speciality. There was a live band playing that was cool.
Great lunch! We had a group of 7, fast service delicious food and friendly staff! We has the Vulcan burger, veggie chili, California club, blt wrap and more and it was all delicious. Staff was attentive, and friendly and we would come back. My family is NOT easy to please and everyone was happy! Added bonus: bathroom graffiti was hilarious!
Ordered the sweet potato fries which were delicious. The nachos were nothing special, not recommended. I also tried the fisherman wharf sandwich, which I highly recommend to try if you love tuna! Must also save some room in your stomach to try their cheesecake! However, please do not order the lemonade unless you like a sour drink. I recommend their Oreo latte, which is a better choice for a drink.
This was one of the first cafes I frequented as a university student. It was a terrific atmosphere to hang out with friends. Bring your laptop and relax with a cup of hot chocolate or tea. They made the first cup of coffee I ever liked and I hate coffee. Lacing the drink with a healthy dose of chocolate had a lot to do with it. You could also play pool upstairs. Great spot to go to to just get out of the house when winter was finally loosening it's grip on the town too. Very cozy! Though not small by an means. It could have been someone's bohemian living room.
Food was pretty good, but the guy who waited on me was a bit of a d!*k.  I ordered nachos without cheese - and he just made a face, questioned my order, and then kinda made jokes about it.  Psst... not everyone wants cheese. Price was a bit more steep than I would've liked, but I expected that from the area. Eh. Wouldn't go back if I were in the area.
I think the description of two stars "Meh, I've experienced better" is the perfect way to describe my thoughts on Cyber Cafe West.  We had lunch here during a weekend in upstate NY because one of the people we were visiting said it was amazing.  I am writing this review strictly based on our lunchtime experience, it does sound (and look) like it would be more fun to visit as a bar, not a restaurant. The beer selection did look impressive, but as this was a midday stop before some more driving we didn't partake.  My husband and I placed our order together.  I got a BBQ chicken wrap and he went for a burger.  My food arrived about 10 minutes before his.  The wrap was pretty good, but hard to eat so I ended up just unwrapping it and picking out the meat with a fork.  He said his burger was OK. The decor was random pieces of art and definitely a bit weird.  I also thought it was bizarre that the ladies room was basically just a corner of one of the dining areas that a wall had been built around.  I don't think I'll be back.
A Binghamton staple! I got caught by surprise at first because the food Cyber Cafe West dishes out is close to NYC quality. Great sandwiches and very nice staff. Highly recommend: Chicken Sinclair sandwich + Sweet Potato Fries for appetizers. The beer sampler is also worth trying out. They have a a wide selection of draft beers that you can choose from!
The place looks a little sketchy from the outside. Not sure why. But walking in, its quite cool. It has a hippee/granola/college feel to it.   We just popped in for coffee, but I was really impressed by the sandwich lunch menu and their selection of beers on tap. They have a lot of music events, which I will have to check out. I also really liked their furniture, which consisted of big victorian chairs of dramatic colors that were a little worn. (And no, I will not use the phrase "Shabby Chique". Whoever came up with that needs to be shot.)
These guys have the BEST sweet potato fries in existence.  Their sandwiches also kick ass, I've had the rabbi's nightmare (pulled pork with cheese) as well as a few others and they all pack a flavorful punch.  Also try their chocolate chip cookies. Occasional live music+events in evenings are always a nice plus.  tl;dr GET THE SWEET POTATO FRIES.
The hippie contingency at Bing is waning but Cyber Cafe carries the torch.  Enjoy one of their 22 (!!) beers on tap or some republic of tea tea, or one of their enormous cookies (the size of your head)... they even have some vegan desserts.  The laidback owner of this place is big on indie music and offers free or cheap music shows many nights.  My boyfriend and I spent hours talking here when we first started going out (awww), usually in the room upstairs decorated to look like a night sky.  Regrettably, that room doesn't seem to be open anymore, but they are constantly rotating and changing the decor upstairs with random furniture rescued from certain death. Cool: they just discovered a secret room downstairs-- a speakeasy from Prohibition times.  Old kegs and everything.
I recently spent half a day in Cybercafe West, coming in from out of town. I don't usually like coffee shops all that much and it takes a lot to impress me, but this place did. I just loved the grungy hippy ambience, and the sofas were oh so comfy. The people were friendly and laid back. I had a pulled pork wrap and sweet potato fries, which were both just as good as you could have gotten at any sit-down restaurant. I'm not a coffee or tea person, but the drink I had, the huckleberry lemonade, was delicious. This was a great place for an out-of-towner to relax and enjoy the day.
Cyber Cafe is one of my favorite places to eat in Binghamton. The staff always bear a smile and make you feel welcome, while the atmosphere is cool, very funky and laid back. They also have live music and trivia pretty frequently, which is always fun. The offerings on the menu aren't wildly diverse, as they provide your typical cold and hot sandwich selections, salads, wraps, burgers and sides, so don't come here looking for a fancy 4 course meal. I suppose, if you really wanted to, you can have a 4 course meal if you order a soup, salad, sandwich and dessert, but each serving is quite hefty and you'd be walking out 10 pounds heavier. With that being said, everything on the menu is really tasty! I've had various salads, wraps and sandwiches here, and I've never been disappointed. The dressings that they have are awesome, and my favorite thing on the menu has to be the Vulcan veggie burger. It's perfectly flavored, doesn't fall apart and I've never had a better veggie burger so far! You also can't go wrong with the sweet potato waffle fries. The desserts here are homemade, and finally, they have a number of different beers on tap; while the prices are higher compared to other bars in Binghamton, it's always worth it to try a different beer and expand your beer horizons.
My girlfriend and I frequent Cyber West as often as possible. The food is always fresh and the service is always excellent. They have an amazing selection (and well priced) of drinks including beer, lemonades, teas, and coffees. The wraps are excellent... my girlfriends favorite is the california wrap, and my favorite item on the menu has to be the vegetarian chili. The items are served with tortilla chips and a couple slices of Gouda, which add an excellent smokey touch to any meal. This is an amazing place and I highly recommend it.
I had been told over and over to check out Cyber West Cafe, so I finally checked out what it was about. My friend and I went for a light dinner before taking part in the Monday Night Trivia. I forget the name of the wrap that I got but it was the one with the BBQ pulled pork inside. The wrap was very good from a flavor standpoint, however it was very messy to try to eat. Probably would have been smarter to use a knife and fork. The assorted cheese pieces were a nice touch and an interesting alternative to chips. The trivia was a lot of fun as well. The format is that you wager the points you expect to have by the final round for the last question. The rounds consist of five questions and you write down the answers on a card and turn it in each round. There were only two of us against teams of six to ten so we were just happy we didn't come in last. Overall it was very fun, and free so if you're not doing anything on a Monday night go check it out. Of course the beer selection is good as well at average prices.
I have been to Cyber Cafe West many times. It is, by far, my favorite cafe in Binghamton. Some people dislike the decor and how "thrown together at the last second" it seems. I happen to love it. It lacks pretension and feels cozy and comfortable. In most places I would be a little bugged if my table kept rocking back and forth or if the light was dim, but not at Cyber Cafe. I simply love the decor and the feeling it gives you. (I will agree with a previous reviewer about the bathrooms. They are not the most pleasant!) I love when bands play at Cyber Cafe too. The mix of people in attendance are all over the place in terms of age and background. It is just a very diverse group of people enjoying music. I saw an amazing band there last year called The Big Takeover (from New Paltz). The mix of the decor of the place and the Reggae/Ska tunes the band was playing was completely amazing. I even got up from my meal with a friend to dance around. As I stated before, the atmosphere is AMAZINGLY comfortable. Now that I have gone on about the decor, it is time to share my opinion on the food. This place loves vegetarians and vegans. They have a ton of different options for you regardless of your diet. I always get a Hummus Wrap with Fresh Squeezed Lemonade and a Veggie Chill. I have never been disappointed with my meal! The veggies in the Hummus Wrap are always fresh and the Hummus they use is from Whole in the Wall and it tastes great! The lemonade is always perfect too. It isn't too sweet or too sour :) The Veggie Chili is another favorite. It has tons of great veggies and beans in it and you can top it with cheese! All the meals come with a side of Tortilla Chips and a little wedge of Smoked Gouda cheese. When I went today I didn't get the cheese wedge, but I have always received it in the past. Come for lunch! They have a new $5 lunch special menu featuring my favorite Hummus Wrap. I can't wait to return!
After a long flight from San Francisco to Binghamton, my sister suggested Cyber Cafe West.   I loved this place.  The staff was friendly, the food was great, and there was music in the back. I would highly recommend the chicken parmesan wrap.  I was a little skeptical of the idea of a chicken parmesan sandwich in a wrap but the chicken was excellent, the cheese was flavorful, and the sauce was delicious.
I was able to stop here when passing by Binghamton  on a road trip and it was the perfect place for a respite from the road. Creative and well made food, excellent beer selection, and lots of funky art and rooms all around. We hung out on the back deck with a few of the board games they had around; always great when a place has some board games. It was a Sunday, so there was no music, but they had a nice sized stage (for cafe) that looks like it would be excellent for checking out local music.   Couldn't have asked for a better place to revive one's spirits before continuing the journey.
