Shout out to my alma mater and a step closer to my 2013 100th review at the same time. Why not? I actually can't say much about Bing. I majored in computer engineering and I hung out in the lab like, the whole time. Its the same same group of guys in the lab all four years. We got fat together, we failed experiments together, we analyzed fourier transforms and plotted karnaugh maps. We watched porn together. Actually you guys did... I watched anime. I loved: - late night visits to Dennys - Chinese grad students who are unfairly good at pingpong. - All my major courses. Especially the ones that I almost failed. I would have not known the taste of my own tears. - Free buses to everywhere. I didn't own a car but still survived. Much love. - College drama. Wait for my novel for that one. - The student union that approved my club spending so I could provide redbulls for all (GO club what what?) I hated: - All my friends who transferred to Cornell. Sure pay an extra 20k/yr for your liberal arts degree. *spit* - The comp sci students who flooded my office hours during finals week. - Nasty ass food everywhere (except Dennys) - The Chinese American Student Union, mostly made out of frats and had less to do with Chinese culture than General Tso's chicken. Seriously I'd rather join the Taiwanese Student Association. - Shitty graduation requirements. If I didn't need to take art history my GPA would have been intact. Anyways its what you make out of college. Bing usually has a down vibe because everyone is complaining how they should have gotten into [ivy league] if [some HS bullshit] didn't happen or how their parents aren't rich. No idea why I wrote this much. If you're reading Yelp to help you decide college you should re-think other things in life. edit: I heard its a lot more competitive now that the economy is at a low and people want more 'value.' Ill generalize it.... Binghamton is known for the highest placement into the big 4 accounting firms. Stony and Buffalo are better known for Engineering but when it comes to job offers, I honestly think we don't lose out. If you want to go into defense engineering, Bing is the way to go.
A scandal at Binghamton University. The Arabic program announced the termination of Prof. Michael Abd-Elmessih's contract at Binghamton University after 1 year as a Visiting Assistant Professor. This happened even though he had been recruited with the explicit reassurances from key members of his program, and/or others within the University who spoke to him (in person or over the telephone) when he was being recruited, that if he proved himself an effective instructor, his 1-yr. contract would be converted to a 3-yr. contract, since he was replacing another Visiting Assistant Professor who resigned the last year of his 3-yr. contract that was renewable. This is quite unprincipled, whatever alibis the University cares to present; and especially because Prof. Abd-Elmessih gave up opportunities elsewhere. More important, he demonstrated his effectiveness in teaching a difficult language to over 80 students at the levels requiring the most skill, the most patience, and the most hard work--101-102. Prof. Abd-Elmessih is one of the rare professors who teaches Arabic in a serious but enjoyable way so that all of his students are always the best, learn fast, and actually love the language. Students believe that the decision not to renew his contract for 3 yrs. was taken against him by the Interim Undergrad Director for AY 2013-2014 after Prof. Abd-Elmessih refused to listen when he was told "not to help the Jewish and Muslim students with their Arabic Program, as they are learning Arabic in order to be future spies against the Arab countries." Prof. Abd-Elmessih's 3 sections of Arabic each had around 27 students, which is a huge number of students interested in learning the Arabic language. He enlarged the program, one of reasons why the Chair of his department promised him a renewal of his contract, which turned out to be a false promise. The Labor Relation Office and the Human Rights Association of New York State have a law suit against the University, which it is hoped will bring necessary reform to policies and practices at Binghamton University with many changes in the University personnel.
I still feel rating colleges on Yelp is a little weird. But what the hey! Unlike restaurants, rating colleges is a lot more subjective and based on personal experience. My experience at Binghamton was pretty terrible. And for a good two years after I transferred out of Binghamton I spoke very negatively of Binghamton to all people, saying "it's a horrible school, you should never go there!" But, four years later, I've come to realize it just wasn't right for me. Many of my friends went and loved it. And while I do have cautions for prospective college shoppers, I want to preface this with... it was not right for me, but it may be right for you. Do you believe in omens? The day I visited Binghamton, I fell asleep at the wheel 10 miles outside Vestal. My car went down an embankment. Thankfully my dad, me, and the car (after a $300 repair from a hick who asked if I crapped my pants) were okay. But after that whole experience and after feeling awful for falling asleep at the wheel, my dad suggested we still see the school anyway, with the hick's borrowed car. Due to our ordeal, we missed the tour, and the admission's office was not able to give us a new one. So we walked around aimlessly, my back in pain. I was immediately struck by two things: the sky was a dull gray, and the campus was very, very ugly. The buildings were mostly slate concrete, and the 14-story library tower stared down at us like Big Brother. Frankly, I was far from impressed, and I told my dad I would never go there. But as acceptance letters rolled in, the only other colleges I was accepted to besides Binghamton were way too expensive, so Binghamton bound I went. My biggest mistake is that I did not go into Binghamton with a positive attitude. I tried to let that all pass me by, but I did not try hard enough. And I found myself complaining within the first week. My complaints after 3 semesters and leaving: - The city of Binghamton is a dump, and the surrounding area of strip malls is not quite nice either. Nothing is really in walking distance from the university, requiring either a car, cab, or awful bus service to go anywhere outside the college. - Class sizes are big and impersonal. Though this is common amongst large colleges. - The sky is gray 95% of the time. - Many of the professors I met did not seem to care much about their jobs, or were ineffective teachers. - I couldn't even major in what I wanted to major in anyway. - The food was atrocious. - I had trouble making new friends, though this was in large part due to my own insecurities. I was happy to have had a new start when I transferred. - ShortLine buses to New York are scary. - Binghamton accents sound ridiculous. Myow myow myow. What gains it two stars: - I knew many people who were happy there. - Academically, it is said to be the strongest and most selective of the SUNYs. - The Nature Preserve is GREAT. I discovered this way too late. It saved me my last semester. - As dangerous as the city is, I never felt unsafe on campus, ever. - They make a valiant and noticeable attempt to bring more events and fun to campus. - The a cappella scene is huge (but maybe too huge?) - There are lots of opportunities for you... just not for me. I think more than anything, I should have listened to my gut. Sometimes vibes rub you the right or wrong way for a reason. But if Binghamton gives you good vibes, go for it!
This review is solely on the lemon squares at the School of Management graduation ceremony.  I'm sure Binghamton University is a good university and all but what sets this university apart from other universities in my mind was the lemon squares at the graduation ceremony.   The irony is that most amateur eaters didn't even touch the lemon squares because they thought the squares were cornbread.  I fault these amateurs of a lack of graduation eating experience; I mean, come on, who serves cornbread at a graduation ceremony? My family, full of professional eaters, knew better and decided to try the squares even if we were also initially uncertain if it was corn bread or some other dessert.   The lemon squares were delicious as we grabbed them by the handful.  The squares were flavorful but not too sweet and certainly worth the $400 airfare to Binghamton.   I would highly recommend Binghamton University.
Love my alma mater, but not so happy with all the construction. I went back for alumni weekend this year and the large parts of the old and new union were closed as well as some major walkways around campus. Aside from that it was great to share the memories of the fun times we had at Binghamton University with my friends, professors and colleagues. Binghamton is a place where you learn, grow and make friendships that last a life time.
I'm an undergrad with one year left at Bing. Not sure anyone reads college reviews on Yelp but I'll leave one anyway. I could not be happier with my decision to go to Binghamton. Just some background - I applied to five schools and was accepted to all five (Albany, Syracuse, Hobart and William Smith, RIT, and Bing). Syracuse was my top choice and my parents basically had to drag me kicking and screaming to even look at bing but I knew the minute I got on campus this is where I wanted to be. There is a slight culture here of complainers who "hate" bing because they aren't at Cornell or whatever other private school they applied to (money issues, didn't get accepted, etc). I included my other schools just to prove that I could have gone elsewhere but didn't. If you choose to spend four years complaining about this place that is your own fault and you have ruined your own college experience. The classes here are AMAZING. I never once had a TA teach a class, even during large freshman intro classes. This is really rare especially at research universities. I have never had a professor that was unwilling to help me. There are countless resources here to help you succeed - tutors, test prep, the career development center, writing center, alumni network, etc. Once again, if you choose not to use these resources it is your own fault. One of my biggest pet peeves is the student who whines that there is nothing to do here. This is probably also the student complaining about not being at Cornell. I have found plenty to do around here and I've found my three years here a lot of fun so far. I'm not a big party person so I generally avoid places like The Rat (college student bar, freshman can get in here) or frat parties. There are other places to have fun if you, like me, aren't into this scene. Also, if you're willing to try and explore, there are a ton of great restaurants - Thai Thai Cuisine, Tully's, Lost Dog Cafe, and Burger Mondays for example. Overall, I'm glad I decided on Binghamton over Syracuse. I'm saving lots of money and since I'll need an advanced degree for the field I'm going into, I can now afford a private university for this endeavor since I didn't go to one for my liberal arts degree. Remember, if you're advancing past your four year degree no one will be looking at where you got your undergrad. On the other hand, Binghamton is an exceptional school with a great reputation and you couldn't find a better public school in this area to get your bachelors degree. This place looks great on a resume.
I didn't attend SUNY's BU, only visited to attend my cousin's graduation.  It is a very secluded school and they were quite organized in the way they ran their multiple graduations throughout the day (appropriately changing the signs at the correct time so that it reads correctly for the next incoming group, parking staff, signage etc).  It was quite well-executed.   In terms of Binghamton University as a school location though, it is quite secluded here and there isn't a lot happening outside of the university.  The dining options are quite limited and not diverse.   Not my preferred type of place, but it is suitable for those seeking solace and quiet.
The Bachelors program here will prepare you not just for professional endeavors, but also to powerfully conquer the everyday real world. My Masters from NYU was mostly a simple matter a few years after doing well here - years ago. You must be brilliant to be admitted and survive here. Check out the vid on u tube entitled, 'The Premier Public University.' when you get the chance.  Binghamton University is one of the few institutions I am genuinely, personally proud of. President Stenger is making substantial, appreciable strides. The shorter commendations don't require belaboring. Yes, BU's the best of the best.
As far as public schools go in the Northeast you are going to be hard-pressed to find a better one than this one. The professors care about the students, the academic can be rigorous, and students are challenged to integrate their living and learning experiences in a meaningful way. I went here for my Bachelor's degree and I would highly recommend it to anyone else!
i love this campus. SUNY is catching up compared to private school. Very nice ambience.
Great school, great classes. Not so good surrounding area; it wasn't exactly paradise, but hey, I survived. As do many others. I loved every professor I had. My only problem with some of the classes was that they were sometimes far too large to get to know teachers on a more personal level. But they really care about their students and that's what matters. I couldn't have asked for a better college experience.
School filled pretentious rich kids and momma's boys. Just run around saying how Binghamton sucks and they belong at Cornell. Well quit wasting mommy and daddy's money and go! We give our town to these disrespectful punks for 9 months a year, and what do we get in return? Coke, E, Heroin and what ever else from down state, Did I mention that a student Murdered his Professor on campus? To the respectful BU students (I have met a few) Thank you and Enjoy our nice LITTLE city. To the rest of you if we wanted it to be in Long Island Or Brooklyn we would have moved there...... So quit crying, its not China YOU picked this school!
Rated one of the premier public universities in the Northeast, Binghamton's diverse & bustling campus makes for a great college experience.  Those who say they don't like it, have not lived it.
