Good food that is very reasonably priced. There can be a bit of a wait on the weekends,  and they don't take reservations for parties smaller than six. So if you have a time constraint, you might want to try another place. Otherwise, grab a drink and hang out at the bar while you wait. The food has a "Rochester-theme" which is kind of fun. The salads are named after parks (Powdermill, Durand, etc.), the burgers are named after Rochester celebrities (Fagan, Wiig, etc.), and the wood fired pizzas are named after businesses (Kodak, Bausch & Lomb).
The food here is fantastic!  The burgers are huge and unique combinations. The rosemary fries are incredible. Found out tonight that the Brie appetizer was taken off the menu - very disappointed as this was the best appetizer on the menu. Hopefully they bring it back soon.
In the Village Gate you will find The Gate House. I came here with a girlfriend just to share a bite to eat. We didn't want to go anywhere super pricy because we weren't super hungry. The atmosphere is very clean and the restaurant is chic. The outside dining is highly recommended on a beautiful night because the lights are pretty. Our server didn't pay much attention to us. We weren't in a "rush" per-say but we weren't planning on camping out either. Our server took her sweet time. The food was great, no burgers for us! We ordered pizza and it had Cajun blackened steak, asparagus, blue cheese, onions and cheese on it- so out of this world! Yummy! I forgot the name of this pizza but it's named after a street in Rochester, like all of the other pizzas they sell here! I will probably come back eventually to try new things! We wanted to leave after it got dark though because of the MOSQUITOS!!
Stopped by for a quick dinner around 6 - it was pretty busy, so we took seats at the bar instead of waiting for 20 minutes. I didn't get to try the sweet potato fries, but I will next time! Ordered the South Wedge and it was super yummy! The balsamic reduction was a nice touch and it was the kind of pizza I like with a thinner crust. Great, friendly service with the bartenders refilling our water frequently.
Excellent burger. I got something with avocado and bacon and the combination was really good. I got pasta salad on the side, which I really wasn't a fan of. It tasted kind of weird. I tried some of my friend's fries and they seemed good. The restaurant has nice decor. The place was packed at lunchtime, so we had to wait a while to be seated. We were also really crammed at our table. Burgers are kind of pricey. I probably won't be back, but I wouldn't discourage anyone from giving this place a try. I had a good experience here.
I came here on an early Saturday to get my grub on.  I was so happy to find that the Bloody Mary was served with Bacon as an option.  Bacon?  Say what?  You mean I can drink my sweet nectar of life with the tasty crispy slice of all that is heavenly?  Don't mind if I do.  They also had bleu cheese stuffed olives which totally went with the bacon. For lunch I ordered the Ratatouille topped with Ahi Tuna.  I highly recommend it!  This is a very tasty dish.  One of the best ratatouille dishes I've had.  The combination of the ahi tuna makes this my fave dish here and do not want to try anything else!  I had the side of fries with my dish as suggested by the waiter.  I kinda wished I went with another side.  But who cares, it was all about the dish! One time I ordered it with the Asian pasta salad.  Going forward, this is my go to every time.  I really need to try their pizza since I've heard good things about it.  But as soon as I step in through those glass door, I think about the lovely presentation and the savory ratatouille and all intentions of trying the pizza evaporate.
I recently came here for a lunch and did not leave disappointed. There were 3 of us and we called ahead to make reservations but we were told the restaurant only makes reservations if your party is 6 or larger. We were slightly disappointed by figured it would be okay if we had a short wait time. The day we were to go out to lunch we called about 25 minutes ahead of time and they said they would take our reservation so I am unsure as to what the requirements are of making reservations. We were seated as soon as we got there and handed our menus. Our waitress came over promptly for us to order our drinks. We weren't sure about our meals so it took a little longer to decide but the waitress was patient in giving us the right amount of time to pick out what we want. I wound us ordering the Kodak pizza. While we were waiting for our food we noticed that the restaurant got very full. I am assuming that the reason our food was a little slow to get to us was because so many people came at once. Once we got our food, I was not disappointed. This tastes of my pizza were awesome. It had just the right amount of everything that nothing was overpowering and I could have every ingredient in every bite. My only negative is that the crust was a little too done on the outside but other than that it was delicious. I ate the entire pizza and wished I had more. It is the best pizza I have had at a sit down restaurant in a while. There is indoor and outdoor seating and I would have loved to sit outside and hope to return so I can sit outside. The inside was very cold and it was so incredibly loud. I felt like I couldn't have a conversation with the people I was at lunch with. Hopefully when you are sitting outside, it isn't as loud. Overall, I was impressed and I would love to come again to try other things but certainly for the pizza.
I was in from out of town on business, and found there are not a lot of places open in Rochester on a Sunday night!  The Gate House is one of the few, and the food and service were good! I had the salad that was on special, and it was good, but I'm not sure it warranted the $15 price tag.   It was described as mixed greens, with shrimp, cucumbers, avocado, and edible flowers.  Everything was good, but the salad was very heavy on the greens, which were fresh and tasty, and came with only 3 shrimp, and a few tiny pieces of avocado and cucumber.  I'm not sure the flowers were actually included, but no big deal there.   For $15 I'd expect maybe around 5 or 6 shrimp, and a decent amount of the other ingredients.   The mozzarella stuffed breadsticks that came with the salad were good. They do have a good selection of beers on tap including some local choices, which is always great!   I'm thinking the burgers and sweet potato fries are the way to go here based on other reviews and what I saw coming out of the kitchen, but I was opting to try to eat a bit healthier today.   Again, the salad was good, but just a little pricey for what it was.
Top 5 favorite restaurants! This is my favorite place to eat when I am not sure where to eat. Price point is great Ambiance is perfect The appetizers, I love the bacon wrapped dates, are perfectly cooked every-time The pizzas are amazing, they have choices for anyone's palate. Keep it traditional or switch it up with a unique spin on pizza. Burgers and salad are both great too! Just all around a great establishment, with impeccable service too!
*BRUNCH REVIEW* A friend and I wanted to try the Gate House for brunch, but after skimming their very limited menu we opted for the regular lunch menu instead. After much debate I chose the The Pandora burger (sautéed jalapeños, avocado, pepperjack cheese, sriracha mayo) and I added an egg on top, to make it more breakfasty :) Normally the kitchen won't do this after breakfast hours but we were still within the brunch timeframe, so they accommodated us. I'm really thankful for that because holy COW was it the most delicious and satisfying meal. Finger-licking, lip-smacking fries, too. As for drinks, I was really impressed! I expected the standard mimosa or bloody option, but Gate House offers an array of cocktails that you don't typically see during brunch. I can't recall the name of mine but it was strong, well crafted, and delicious. Small but nice outdoor seating- highly recommend if you can snag a table. Service was great, and the prices are fair. I'd absolutely return for brunch.
So disappointed in my fav restaurant.  Prices went up and quality went down.  Waitresses/waiters are still friendly and attentive. Prices will probably decrease our visits.  $13 for a burger is quite much.
My friend loves burgers. What can I say? I just don't. So I got something with avocados and can't even remember how it tastes. Also, I wonder why sweet potato fries cool down so fast.. God I miss in-n-out. Good family place.
Went there twice and both times the food was great. I had the same meal both times because i loved it so much. Their lamb burger and sweet potato fries are out of the world!!! Sooo delish! I am giving it a 4 because the service isnt hreat. The first time we waited 40 monutes over the expected wait time!!! Outrageous!
I regret to say I've only been here twice. It's a very pleasant spot. Plenty of seating. Fresh foods. And excellent service! Take your time with the menu -- if only I could try them all!
The ambiance is casual but definitely nice and a good date location. I would say the burgers are so-so - I was not especially impressed by the The Gramm or The Wegman (which is the lamb burger). They recently brought back the brunch menu - only available Sundays from 11:30am to 4pm - and I went with a group of friends after Easter Sunday service. We went at around noon and were seated quickly. My friends who ordered the banana foster french toast loved it. I had the breakfast pizza and it was good except that the eggs were NOT runny like we were told. The waitress specifically asked to make sure we would be okay with runny eggs but when the pizza came out, the yolk was cooked all the way through. Our table ordered 2 of the breakfast pizzas and they both had this issue. How unfortunate as I love my eggs runny. Lastly, the sweet potato fries were amazing. Thick cut. Not a huge fan of the honey myself but good nonetheless.
Love a good burger and a cold beer to wash it down!  We sat in a booth table and ordered our summer ales. We started by ordering a side of garlic rosemary fries as our appetizer. They were delicious and had just the right amount of flavor without being over-garlicky.  I had a turkey burger with melted Brie, Granny Smith apple, and cranberry mustard. It tasted like thanksgiving on a burger! My fiancé got the buffalo burger with bacon which was juicy and full of flavor. The food was great and it the gate house had a nice chill and casual atmosphere.
Great burgers and pizzas at an affordable price for dinner. Fast and friendly waitress too. Organic and earth friendly business make this place a new favorite. Great place for a casual date.
This is one of the more difficult reviews I've had to write. We definitely enjoyed our experience and will certainly return. The hummus and baba ganoush were delicious; our pizza was tasty and made with fresh ingredients; and our sons' burgers and fries were well above average (thin cut fries cooked perfectly in what was clearly fresh fryer oil, chargrilled burger on a nice roll). But this place is just odd! The decor doesn't match the menu; the layout and colors are random for the cuisine; and the servers were attentive but bordering on hipster indifferent. But like I said, definitely enjoyed ourselves and will be back. If you want good food prepared well at a reasonable price (and a nice collection of local craft beers) you can't go wrong. Oh and heck yeah parking sucks!
The Gate House is situated in the Neighborhood of the Arts, within the Village Gate. Just seeing "Village Gate" should make you think about the difficult parking. The parking does blow, but nothing that should deter you from coming here. The atmosphere is very cute and the service is very good. The place is almost immaculate each time I have come here. I really have no complaints. I would give it five stars if I have tried more of their menu options, but I feel like since I always get the same thing, it'd be cheating! I am extremely happy with the Caesar  salad, and my mother loves the gluten free options they offer. My dad said the burger he had was very tasty. Please, for the love of god, if you go here, DO NOT SKIP THE SWEET POTATO FRIES. These sweet potato fries are made from heaven itself and dropped off in the kitchen of The Gate House on special delivery. Thick, salty, and covered with a generous amount of honey...good grief words cannot express the fantastic feeling of seeing a plate of them being placed in front of me. Check out The Gate House for a nice lunch or dinner! I doubt you'll be disappointed.
I am such a fan of the Gatehouse.  They have delicious options for vegetarians like me, and non veg options that sound awesome.  They once had a pizza on the menu called "The Park Ave" and even though they removed it, they are still able to make it for me which I love.  Everyone I know that gets their buffalo chicken fingers is wow'd by them.  And their garlic rosemary fries, mmmmm!  Do I sound like a fatty yet?  Ok, I'll continue with my review anyways. When I'm in a "let's be sorta healthy" mood I get their asparagus, beet and goat cheese salad.  The balsamic reduction drizzled on the dish makes you want to lick it right off of the plate. They did do away with brunch, which I miss a lot because they had Huevos Rancheros prepared just how I like it and now they serve that dish along with brunch at their sister restaurant Espada and it's not the same, but Rochester has a lot of brunch options so I'm doing just fine finding another place to dine.
The Gate House is another one of those iconic Rochester restaurants.  I've been going to it since the early 2000s and cannot get enough of it.  Their burgers are succulent, their fries (potato or sweet potato) are house cut and fried to perfection, their appetizers are great, and even their entrees are great if you're not looking for a burger! Although maybe once or twice out of 30+ visits I've had an overcooked burger, it's an extreme rarity in my mind.  The flavors that come through are excellent across all types of the burgers, and it's worth every penny.  I would however recommend NOT removing or adding items to the burger when you order it - if you remove one element, it's just not the same.  Take it as is on the menu, and you'll be enjoying a food explosion in your mouth.  If you remove some of the items, it just won't be as good. Some of my favorites I usually order: The Wiig - It's a salmon burger with fresh avocado and really delicious asian aioli.  Great with the black and tan onion rings. The burger with whole grain mustard sauce with balsamic and arugula (I forget its name, but it's so delicious!) Seared Ahi Tuna appetizer Buffalo-style Chicken Tenders (homemade!) Things to stay away from: The Wegman - I've had some bad experiences with the lamb burger here, the most common issue being dryness Their pizzas - The pizzas are good for what they are, but I don't think they're the best in Rochester.  If you're looking for a great pizza, there are definitely better places.  The Gate House is all about their burgers, apps, and entrees All in all, I love going here.  The chefs really know what they're doing, they really seem to think through the menu to find the best combinations, and then they deliver 90%+ of the time.  Two thumbs up!
Stopped by The Gate House for lunch on my way home from skiing with friends yesterday.  WOW - our lunch was sooo good I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu! We started by splitting the baked spinach and goat cheese dip.  Everyone loved it and it was a great portion for the four of us.  I ordered a mimosa and it was perfect with the right amount of champagne to OJ ratio.  For lunch I had the Duffy burger with sweet potato fries.  The burger was cooked perfectly and just what I needed after a long day of skiing!  Everyone at the table was drooling over the sweet potato fries...... they were more like a dessert.  I asked the waitress what was on them because they were so good..... honey, cayenne pepper and brown sugar!!!!! Yummy! The restaurant is a great place to go if you want excellent food with a more casual vibe.  Can't wait to go back!
we're just visiting from California, but this place tops my list of tasty farm to table fare at a great price. we had the nicoise salad which was delicious and beautifully presented, and the tortilla soup. all very nice!
The Gate House was an accidental find by one of my colleagues on a business trip. It was slightly hard to find because it is nestled in a large building, but it was worth the trip.   My colleagues and I ordered an array of different dishes-pizzas, salads, bonless buffalo wings- and all of us left satisfied. I personally had the boneless buffalo wings, and I liked that the sauce contained red pepper seeds instead of just the traditional buffalo sauce. The "wings" were also not over breaded, which gave the dish a more gourmet feel.   It is also worth mentioning that many of my colleagues ordered multiple apple ciders. I did not try it, but it looked good and contained pieces of pulp, which always catches my eye and serves as a mark of quality.
It was a nice hidden place, but really loud , can be relaxing if your with the rite person otherwise it's kinda clostophobic with a lot of people there
I love this place for lunch or a casual diner. Most recently we sat at the bar and were impressed with bartending staff. they were interactive and professional. The food was great, as usual, and they have a lot of unique items that make each trip special. I'd highly recommend the Gate House over the other restaurants in the Village Gate area. It's nice wholesome food at a decent price with great service. You'll probably need reservations on a busy night and the outdoor area is great when the weather provides just the right amount of warmth and sunlight.
Staff is good, and the food is great, especially on Sunday for brunch.  I've eaten here over 20 times in the past 2 years, and in my opinion you need to try the brunch burger (if a Sunday) or the seared tuna on ratatouille (if you like that kind of thing - I prefer mine blackened). Both are delicious. Make reservations if you plan on eating there between 5 and 8. The place packs quickly.
Lunch at The Gate House, sounds glamorous huh?  I had a burger and fries.... compared to the food truck at "The Daily Refresher" it was like substituting bologna for Kobe Beef.  The burger was just alright,  not anything to get excited over but due to their limited lunch menu (burger, salad, pizza or overdone recipes).  They should really take advice from Chef Gordon Ramsey "simple fresh ingredients, cooked with little fuss".  The dish starts out good but then they throw in that extra bit of what the ____ that makes you go.."maybe I'll just have a burger". The staff was great, that's why they got the extra star. The best part of the meal was dessert strawberry cheesecake.  Just one question, why is there raspberry sauce on this cake?  The pastry chef couldn't make a strawberry puree? There was a boiled apple with cheese and berry compote..... yeah I sort of gagged when the waitress mentioned it, she couldn't hold back her laughter. All in all an ok meal.  Nothing to jump around about, the tables were a little too close to our booth the group next to us acted as if they wanted to join in our conversation. Lol. I would go back for the dessert but not the meal.  So far the Refresher gets my vote for  best burger for the price.
You'll find the Gate House within the Village Gate shopping center--one of the restaurants surrounding the outdoor eating area, at the back of it, away from the street area. The Gate House offers a sort of hip, grounded vibe through earth tones and indirect booth lighting concealed beneath attractive green grass (artificial) planters. The restaurant attracts a diverse crowd (which still filled the place on a late Sunday evening--we had about a 25 minute wait). The culinary emphasis seems to be on freshness, creative deliciousness, and presentation, all for a fairly reasonable price. A couple examples: the Steak Sandwich comes high with a ciabatta roll and thick, tender beef (actually eating the sandwich was overwhelming due to the ciabatta roll's size--we sliced away a good bit of it, but the presentation was great), along with our chosen side of coleslaw--delicious, with a hearty taste. The small plates menu may entice you to combine several to create your own entree; e.g., plates of eggplant fries are delivered with piping hot marinara sauce and basil threads. The fries are so delicious that our table was divided about the sauce--half loved it and half preferred the fries alone. The bacon wrapped dates with a sliver of manchego cheese are perfectly prepared: the thick slice of meat wraps a touch of saltiness into the sweet moist dates. The Gate House knows how to put together great dessert offerings, too. Our table particularly liked the berry lemon mascarpone cake--moist and dense.
Just ate AT the restaurant...meh. Service was warm and friendly and of course, the sweet potato fries were spot on. Ordered the regular Hamburger.  Yes, plain hamburger, no cheese. Nothing against cheese, I love me some cheese.  But really wanted untainted and unadulterated meat.  Was in the mood. Unfortunately, the patty (ordered medium again) was lacking in flavor and substance.  It was thin and at times, I forgot I was eating a hamburger.  Actually, looked like a veggie patty you find in the freezer section (perhaps I was profiled due to my thick rimmed glasses and argyle sweater as one of those meatless liberal types). Next time - pizza.  Alternatively, two orders of sweet potato fries.  Option B sounds far more appealing.
I went there recently for a late weekend lunch. The place was not packed since it was around 3:00 PM, I sat on the bar area and had a burger, onion rings, and a Stout. It was the perfect late lunch for someone who just had coffee in the morning. The burger I had was the Pandora, it had fried jalapenos, pepperjack cheese, avocado slices and Sriracha mayo. It was cooked to medium, the way I asked for and the combination of the juicy meat and spicy toppings really worked. The onion rings where crispy and salty, really good balance for the burger. After the burger and onion rings, I was still peckish, and had a small salad. The veggies were crunchy and the dressing was tasty, but it was a tad over dressed. Otherwise it was a really good way to add a healthy side to my unhealthy lunch! I have not tried their pizzas, and their appetizers have been OK, in my previous experience. But sometimes you just want a burger and a beer, and they do that really well!
My most recent visit to the Gate House was lunch with my mom and sister. My sister ordered their special sandwich ($13), a chicken breast with red peppers, spinach, and some other spiffy stuff. My mom went with the Cobb salad and added chicken ($9 for the salad and $5 for chicken). I was torn between the turkey burger with cranberry mustard sauce ($8) and the salmon burger ($12). Our server bragged the salmon patty was very large but in a way that suggested that was her pick of the two. I went with the salmon because I had a large enough appetite. Maybe she was trying to warn *against* the salmon burger because it was awful. The flavor was fine, or at least not bad, but the patty was like a salmon cake smushed together so tightly that no moisture remained. It was thick and substantial but soooooo dry. The drizzle of sauce (I think it was teriyaki based mayo) was on one side only and really had no chance. The bun hindered things further. It was dry and almost stale but not like it was old, it was stale as though it was supposed to be stale...perhaps it was toasted? For 5 seconds? Halfway through I took off the non-sauced bread and just got my hands dirty. My side of pasta salad was horrible. Repulsive. I took one bite and nearly spit it out. It was salty or vinegary or a bad combination of both. There were a couple kalamata olives with the spiral noodles and I'm guessing that was the inspiration of flavoring but whoa did they overdo it. I couldn't even bring myself to ask my olive-loving mom to try it. My sister had a similar experience with her sandwich, ditching the bread early on and creating a salad out of things. She commented the chicken was dry. Her side of fruit was colorful and she seemed pleased with it. My mom enjoyed her salad, as well as cheesy bread sticks (bread sticks that have a sliver of melted cheese tucked in like a hotdog in a bun). Really, though, it's bad if you screw up a Cobb salad. The added chicken was an insufficient amount for the size of the salad as well as the $5 charge. My son's sweet potato fries were tasty and the portion was large enough for all to share, so at least there was that. Oh, but I later discovered the plastic straw cup he was given had a closed up straw. Poor kid was trying to drink out of it the whole time and not getting a thing.
Last week a girlfriend and I went for dinner.  Simply amazing!  It was just the two of us we ate "family style".  I regret not writing a review earlier now I'm forgetting the names  of our food.  We split eggplant fries, a basic salad we added goat cheese to, a traditional cheeseburger and a chicken pesto pizza and lava cake for dessert.  Everything was prepared perfectly .  The service prompt and friendly .  I can't wait to go back.
FINALLY got to go here after living in the city for almost two years! It smells delicious every time I walk by and it lived up to my sensory expectations :) my burger was cooked perfectly, my drink was unique and delicious, and my fries were pretty good...though it felt just like eating McDonald's fries with rosemary and garlic seasoning. There is always a wait on the weekend, which is why it took so long for me to finally be able to go, but that's because it's worth it! I'll definitely be back sometime.
If Applebee's didn't have a multimillion dollar corporation behind it, it would be just like this. A bit boring but it works. Also, if you are trying to be healthy and get the grilled veggies as a side, be prepared to be underwhelmed.
Delicious dinner location. Really fun menu with great options I ordered the Original Sin Hard Cider and The Wegman - a "Lamb Burger with Feta and Mint Relish." I got some black and tan onion rings on the side too. Nom nom nom. The lamb burger was REALLY tasty, and I'd definitely recommend it. The mint relish hit the spot (so fresh!). I'd order this again in the heartbeat...except there are so many other delicious items on the menu! :) My friend ordered the pizza special of the night, which included kalamata olives and spiced lamb meatballs, among a couple other ingredients. The pizza was big for a single person, so he offered me a slice. Soooooooo good. All-in-all? My friend and I were really delighted with this place. We were seated right away and our server was a total sweetheart. Our food was quick to arrive at the table. Prices are certainly reasonable too. My friend and I were even marveling at the monstrous pile of sweet potato fries that some people were getting. I'm not even a big sweet potato fan, but the fries were huge and looked crispy and delicious. Hell, they even have a "Peanut Butter, Banana, and Nutella Sandwich on Whole Wheat Bread" on the Kids Menu. I'm not a kid, but that sounds like it'd hit the spot too! Mmmm...so much deliciousness. :)
Great accommodations for Vegan options today. .. our best experience there in a long time. Thank you to our server for running to the kitchen to ask several questions to avoid the sesame in the entire meal.
Friendly and knowledgable staff. Pizzas are made well, but the burger was slightly flavorless. My friend and I shared a Duffy burger expecting a mixture of our favorite flavors in a burger, but it fell short. The party was not well seasoned and just lacking complexity. The pizza, we got the Monroe ave. plain and simple. Made to order, thin, crispy crust and tomato sauce is nice. Overall good place to go for dinner. Nice beer, wine and cocktail list.
New favorite go-to dinner spot! Great neighborhood, lots of parking, great prices, and GREAT FOOD! There are lots of vegetarian options too, which I always appreciate. Its also a great place for first dates-nice, but not too nice, and won't break the bank!
Good things: selection and diversity of burgers and pizzas.  Location.  Atmosphere.  Prices are reasonable.  I liked the lamb burger with mint sauce! Bad things: service has been very slow on all 3 occasions I've been here.  While the burger selection and toppings are really good, the actual quality/mouth-wateringness of the burgers themselves isn't quite as good.   And what's the deal with them being around for a while now, and still having signs all over that say grand opening?  Just weird.
Finally went to the Gate House. I have a friend that works there and I've been wanting to go for several months. Burgers and pizza? I was ready. Again, it's nice to go with another person because you share food and try more. We got the lamb burger with mint and feta, the xerox pizza, and the dessert special, a bacon jam and ricotta filled cookie with bourbon whipped cream and vanilla ice cream. I'm sure everyone knows what the Gate House offers, but they advertise quality gourmet burgers and wood-fired pizzas at affordable prices. They certainly deliver. Their well crafted, good tasting food did not damage my wallet. The lamb burger closely resembled a favorite dish, yet in burger form. You could really taste the juiciness of the lamb and slight mint. The xerox was fun to eat. This pizza has many ingredients, but it works because of how they're placed. Some crispy chicken here, a little ricotta there, some hidden arugula. My main negative would be the rosemary garlic fries. They featured too much slightly burnt garlic and not enough rosemary.
Wow! I went here for the first time and I was very impressed, mostly with the food. I ordered a burger since this is what their claim to fame is, I was not disappointed. The Wease Burger made this entire dinner worth it. My friend also convinced me to share a plate of sweet potato fries, I am not a fan of sweet potatoes, but this dish converted me. I am looking forward to going back, the sparkling margarita has me curious. The bar is where this place only gets four stars. The beer selection was admirable. The wine selection was only meh. This place is pretty crowded on the weekends, but my friends and I were able to belly up to the bar.  The bar backs right up to some booths so it is tight, and the servers were pushing into us as they walked by without even saying excuse me. I work at a restaurant with a similar layout, and understand the frustration of customers standing in the way of traffic. But, I normally wait until I have said excuse me plenty of times with the customer continuously standing in the way before I begin ramming into them with no warning. Although the restaurant already has limited seating, I would consider removing the booths out of the bar area.
Working in Village Gate, I have had the chance to eat here several times within the past few weeks. Unfortunately I have yet to have a pleasant experience. While the service is friendly, it can be a bit slow at times. I'm not sure if this is a mix-up between the kitchen and the front of the house but it can be frustrating if you are on lunch break. The food on the other hand is basically just meh. I've had a few meals here and can't honestly remember anything worth mentioning. The BBQ burger was strangely undercooked and overcooked at the same time,(wait, what?) and the parmesan rosemary fries didn't taste of rosemary or parmesan. I'm sure I'll find myself here on lunch break again in the future and I hope the food consistency improves.
The seared ahi tuna over ratatouille was a delicious and mostly healthy dinner option. The server claimed it was a 6oz portion for the small plate version but I am fairly certain I got about 3-4oz. I also got a side of garlic rosemary fries, assuming it was a single portion similar to what they give you with the sandwiches/burgers. But it was at least 2.5x as much. Thankfully, my friends were more than happy to help me out. I will continue to explore the small plates section on my subsequent visits. Maybe that's where the best options are.
I don't understand why people go nuts for this place.  We recently popped in at 4:30 on a Saturday, and just 15-20 minutes after we sat down the hostess was telling people it would be an hour wait for dinner.  That blows my mind.  It's just pizza and burgers people!  The food is ok, but it's not mind-blowing and it's a bit overpriced. My veggie burger was ok (the bun was disproportionately huge and dense) and my boyfriend's "Gate plate" was dry and underwhelming.  He had to put half a bottle of hot sauce on it to make it edible.
We popped in last Saturday and just beat the rush. We were seated at a table outside per our request. It's a great perch for people watching, but you always have the inconsiderate smokers that light up on the sidewalk near people trying to eat. The beer selection isn't overly large but is quite good... not just IPA's, they actually have a good variety. My wife got a Cobb salad, and it was huge. I got the Gate Plate, and it was amazing! I love their crispy shoe string fries, and the mac salad seemed more like an antipasti. The waitstaff were excellent, very professional and friendly. Definitely will be back!!!
The Gate House is on point, always! This was my second visit, and once again I left overly full & happy. My party and I had about a thirty minute wait, but that's expected even at 430 on a Saturday night. We had a friendly & prompt waitress who was sweet as pie. Since I had their black & tan onion rings on my mind ALL day I had to order them as my side...I went with the Gramm burger (avocado, red onion, bacon & some special sauce), others ordered the chicken pot pie (AMAZING comfort food, deliciously spiced with herbs) and the Margherita pizza. Everyone was very satisfied with their meals & happy we once again chose the Gate House! If you're looking for some comfort food in your life, this is your spot!
Something has changed for sure. While I still do make trips to Gate House, I can't say their burger is as mind blowing as I used to think it was. There's something amiss with the patty and the bun. From what I recall in my past visits the patty used to be a bit thicker and the meat was more tender. It's not a total loss though, it's still tasty, but just slightly changed from the previous version. Also, the bun is a bit thinner and dry. It would make a huge difference if the bun was buttered and toasted on a grill top. That would complete the package. In it's current state it's simply bland, especially when paired with the multitude of toppings that make these burgers so special. I still opt for the Pandora for a little spicy kick. That Sriracha mayo is just perfection. I also recently sampled their goat cheese mac. That I recommend! It was wonderfully cheesy and slightly browned on top. The goat cheese flavor is subtle, but enough to make it gourmet, and the fact that they use radiatori pasta is the best. They have so many nooks for the cheese to melt into. The portion is huge and also comes with a side salad, which makes for a worthwhile $14 charge as I had enough for two leftover meals. I chose the house salad for my side. It comes in a square dish and is packed to the brim so the lettuce will fall out the sides, but I suppose it looks cute. Anyway, the dressing makes this salad. It's a homemade vinaigrette, which is a touch spicy and packed with herby flavor and lots of acidity. I focused on eating that up, which is why I probably had so much pasta leftover. I think overall I do enjoy Gate House as my encounters with the hostess, servers and bartenders have been met with smiles and attentiveness. However, the updates and minor changes to the menu with a slight decrease in quality really makes for a frown face moment as I truly did love how they were before the change. It's usually packed with a wait here on most nights so they have a solid following. I'll be back, but likely not a regular for the burger anymore as I once was, more so for that mac & cheese. Please don't change that. FYI: They only accept reservations for parties of 6 or more.
This place is great. It's one of my lunch mainstays. I've tried a bunch of stuff here; the burgers, pizzas, salads... everything is good. I'm a big fan of the fact that they serve food with sriracha mayo. Note that it gets very busy around lunchtime, so plan ahead and expect to wait a bit for your food to come out. If you're patient, it's always worth it.
I haven't had a bad experience here yet. Their burgers are named for local celebs and have a lot of local flair. The Douglass is an homage to local favorite Nick Tahou's Garbage Plate with meat hot sauce, American cheese, mustard and onions. I'm a particular fan of the Hoffman (Cajun spice, caramelized onions and blue cheese) and the Wease (Manchego cheese, roasted garlic, roasted tomatoes and a balsamic drizzle). Garlic rosemary fries are the truth! I really miss their brunch, which moved over to Espada (for space), which haven't tried it since the move.
My dining experience was amazing. The service was fast, very friendly, and very knowledgable. The menu, mostly pizza and burger varieties, was inspired and the ingredients were fresh. I got the Duffy cooked medium. Perfectly cooked and dressed. My daughter got a pizza and it was perfectly cooked. I will say we lucked out as we came early enough to beat the crowd. If I had any critique it would be this place gets too busy on the weekends. Good for them though. The garlic rosemary fries were a great choice. And the beer selection left little to be desired. One of the best restaurants in a city spoiled by its culinary treasures.
Every time I've been the food has been amazing. I will say that there is one table close to the kitchen that is horrible to sit at. The high traffic of staff lead to MANY unapologetic bumps by staff for my friend and all we heard was noise form the kitchen. With that being said... All other times I've been there the ambiance and service were great. The food is consistently great. I can't imagine a 2 top brings them that much more revenue that it's worth it. No one should suffer through that seating. Get rid of that awful little spot and the place is perfect.  I sat at the bar once and the service was so good I was amazed. Good bar service in Rochester is RARE to say the least. The gate house is a Rochester gem.
Hmmm... I went here twice because this was rated the best burgers in Rochester. And I love a cheeseburger. However, just NO. First of all, the burger was just meh and nondescript. The meat was under-seasoned and there was nothing special about it. The Kobe beef (much bragged about the servers) tasted exactly like the regular beef, which should say something about the chefs' treatment of the materials. Essentially they took uber expensive beef and made it into patties. Also, for a $14 plate of food I do not want microwaved bacon. After that I will never return. Seriously - MICROWAVE bacon! If you are billing yourself as best burgers in Rochester, it better taste a lot more fresh and amazing than McDonald's.
This place is great! Here's something to note though - the wait can get pretty long on the weekends, and they DO NOT accept reservations on Friday and Saturday nights unless you have a party of 6 or more. We waited about an hour for a table this past Friday. I love the setting at this place - really comfortable and the whole wall of windows is nice. That being said, because the entire wall is windows, it can get pretty COLD in here, especially if you are sitting in one of the corners. We all had to wear jackets and scarves the whole time, granted it was about 5 degrees outside and it's tough to heat the whole place up to 72ish. The food was amazing though. I loved the spinach and artichoke dip, as well as the soup special, which was carrot and tahini. The pizza was pretty good, though a tad greasy for my taste. I did like it though. I'll definitely come back here!
Full disclosure: I was a waitress here for about year. But this means I ate a lot of the food! The Gate House is great local stop owned by a husband and wife. It's perfect for a date, small group, or a large event in their party room. I have a stand-out favorite dish in each menu category: Appetizer: Zweigle's White Hots - wrapped in puff pastry and served with a spicy grain mustard and sweet onion relish. A great Rochester food item with a twist. Salad: The Highland Park - greens, berries, almonds, goat cheese and balsamic vinaigrette. Served with a cheese-filled breadstick and edible flower. Refreshing and great in the summer when the berries are in season. Burger: The Gramm -  avocado, bacon, red onion, American cheese and avocado ranch dressing. I skip the onion and substitute cheddar cheese. Pizza: The Park Ave. - this one is no longer listed on their website but had a hummus base, roasted veggies, and goat cheese. Wonder if they still have it... Side: Sweet Potato Fries - thick cut, fried, topped with a cinnamon/sugar/cayenne mixture and drizzled with honey. Maybe the best thing at the restaurant. For dessert, the Tuscan Tiramisu (made in-house). They used to have a really good brunch (my favorite dish was the Filet Mignon Hash) but have now moved that over to their new restaurant, Espada, in the same building. Have yet to try that.
EDIT: Best Burger I have had in a long time. Wes and the staff at The Gate House redid my order from yesterday at lunch today and nailed it. I will absolutely return. thanks You had one job, make me a burger the way I ordered it. Obviously with one star I am really not happy. Since it is next to impossible to get a table at lunch here, or find parking during the day, at Village Gate, I decided to see what all the fuss was about and just order a Cheeseburger to go, easy right, this is a burger and pizza place. I was very confident after reading all the glowing reviews that they could handle a cheeseburger with  ketchup, mustard, pickles onions and lettuce. First the girl answering the phone hung up on me and I had to call back. Then I get there, they apologize again for hanging up on me. I say it happens no worries, As I get back to the office they call and tell me that they mistakenly gave me a salad. So I drive, back, I ask them, somewhat jokingly if they are sure this is my order. I see the box, has my order written on it. They say yes of course. I rush back to the office to eat and find that it IS a burger, with cheese and no other condiments. So now I have a cold, dry, boring cheeseburger from "The best burger place in Rochester"? To their credit, Wes the manager was very apologetic and has offered to make it up to me. I am assuming that if the owner / Executive Chef's being taken away from her kitchen duties with Espada  this kinda of thing would not happen.
I have about 13 days a year that I crave an insanely delicious, juicy burger. ... Well, I crave a burger 365 days a year, but give in 13 of those days. "They" have said wonderful things about Gate House. But you and I both know- sometimes They are sometimes totally full of sh*t. I thought I'd give this House of Gate a whirl. Let's DO THIS. Menu design is weird. Why are the appetizers combined with entrees on the bottom left? WTF. I never thought I'd comment  (or care) about menu design but this was a silly idea. Silly, I say. Our waiter, however, was all business (in a good way). We decided on the burger of the day (provolone, crispy onion rings and garlic aioli- $12) and garlic fries as our side (I love getting to pick my own side!) cooked medium (JUST LIKE WE ASKED!). We also got The Manhattan Square Salad ($8.5) which spinach, some apples, BACON, and a few pieces of avocado. It was lightly dressed with a honey sherry vinaigrette. The salad was delicious and refreshing. Our service was excellent. The food was great. I'm not always in the mood to spend $12 on a burger but when my burger craving is at its strongest, I may run over to Gate House.
Want to impress a Western New Yorker? Memorize the names of every item on the Gate House menu, then casually mention one in any conversation. For example, say something like, "How about that Wease?   Bam, you're in! People from Rochester are some of the proudest folks that you will come across. Don't you dare insult Wegmans or try to correct someone who says pop instead of soda. I can't wait to take my girlfriend and her family to The Gate House! As proud people from the 585, I will receive serious praise for my sensitivity toward their culture. Every salad, pizza, and burger is named after a landmark or famous Western New Yorker. Not to mention, it's good. My time at the Gate House was spent alone at the bar, but I noticed the popularity of this restaurant from my stool. They don't take reservations;  groups be ready to chill at the bar or in that mini-mall hallway. Although they specialize in pizza and burgers, I had the Manhattan Square Salad with spinach, apples, bacon, and avocado. The salad add ons go beyond grilled chicken. Invite some seared ahi tuna, falafel, or Buffalo chicken tenders onto your salad for $5.   You must promise me one thing...  Please save room for dessert. For five minutes, the bartender disappeared and left everyone hanging at the bar in order to personally make me a peanut butter, Nutella, and banana sundae (see picture). I could've called it a night after the salad, but that would've been way to healthy of me. If you can stand the wait, there's a great meal in store for your group.
Been here a few times - great burgers, great beer selection. Has a chill, diner kind of atmosphere with a nice long bar in a good location. Usually ample parking, but you may have to park in the Village Gate Apartment lots on busy weekend nights.
I've been to The Gate House several times for both lunch and dinner.  I love the Caeser salad.  It's tough to find a restaurant that serves good, authentic caeser dressing (hint: the more anchovy flavor, the better!) and The Gate House gets it right.  I also love the bits of pasta through the salad.  The pizzas are great as well and sometimes its tough to choose one because they're all great!  I also appreciate the good beer selection on draught.   I can't wait to try Espada since I know it has the same owner.  I'm sure that will be delish too - stay tuned!
LOVE this place!!! Pizza is perfect.  Baked to just the right char and optimally topped.   Bruschetta "two ways" is awesome.  The bread is sliced thin and toasted so that it's crunchy on the edges and soft in the middle.  Hard to do, and they nailed it.  The two ways thing refers to the tomato topping.  Two slices have honey roasted cherry tomatoes and the other two slices have fresh diced tomatoes.  Both were delicious. Staff is wonderful!  If you are lucky enough to be waited on by Shannon, go buy a lottery ticket because it's your special day.  She is an outstanding person. Restaurant has a great vibe with 3 seating areas.  Outside, dining room, and bar. If I lived locally, I'd be here every week!
I took a large party to The Gate House on a Saturday night.  I had reservations for 10, then had to switch them day of to 13, and the staff at the restaurant was accommodating, which I greatly appreciated.   So many different meals were ordered and the general consensus was very good food.  Here are some interesting takeaways--- I personally split a Gramm burger and an Auditorium pizza with my wife.  The Gramm has bacon, avocado, a standard cheese (can't remember), and avocado ranch dressing (along with lettuce, tomato, red onion.  I was very happy with this burger.  I asked for it medium- which it was, no problem. The patty was juicy and flavorful, the avocado ranch was the star- added lots to the burger.  Overall this is a 4 out of 5 dish. Sweet potato fries.  Standard- they come dusted in brown sugar, cinnamon, and drizzled with honey.  You can also get them plain.  If you like sweet things- get these, no questions asked.  This was the HIT of the table.  Wow- these were good.  A friend of mine got the garlic rosemary fries.  While there was extra flavor on them, almost not enough to constitute calling them something different.  I figure- lay on more flavor and make a statement.  Great ideas in both of these fry-variations. The Auditorium pizza was by far my personal favorite dish.  It is a basil pesto base with mozz, goat cheese, roasted red peppers, and grilled chicken.  The flavors here were outstanding. The pesto shined through as it should, but the real kicker here was the goat cheese.  Much much more creamy than I ever would have predicted with a nice smooth flavor.  Often it gets a reputation of being pretty funky- nope, creamy creamy.  Chicken was the decent protein that tied it all together.  The crust...  The actual crust- the part that you hold on to with no toppings, was good.  A mild flavor and a good chew.  But, the middle portion was very soft.  It wasn't underdone or doughy- no problems there, but it needed maybe a little more firmness to it.  I don't want it charred but...  These are seriously small picky things because the flavors on this were OUTSTANDING.  My favorite thing on the menu to this point. Others in my group got the Strong Marg pizza, which is a standard and is a can't miss dish.   The setting in Village Gate is really cool.  I think it's actually a nice spot to spend an evening with the windows looking out into the square.  Some complain about the "mini-mall" setting, I actually think it is cool.   Fairly priced- great food.  Go get it!
A really neat spot in village gate as Gate House satisfies the desire for gourmet burgers, pizzas, and entrees. To start the Mediterranean plate has a variation of all my favorites like falafel, tabouli, hummus, & grilled veggies. A salute to Rochester's finest the burgers & pizzas are named after local icons. You really can't go wrong as there is something for everyone. Also get a side of the awesome sweet potatoe fries too! Though they are very sweet and remind me of a mix between a churro & a potato wedge. Check it out a cool atmosphere and they are into renewable energy if that's your thing too.
A wonderful surprise
Yummy sweet potato wedges (these crystalized sugar babies have spunk compared to other restaurants) paired with lamb burger topped with cucumbers, lettuce, tomato! I heart this!
Although we waited about 40 minutes for a table ( it was a Saturday night), the Gate House was an excellent choice for dinner. We all had burger. My burger had applewood bacon, BBQ sauce & cheddar on it. It was cooked perfectly and the bun was soft and fresh. I also had the black and tan onion rings. I highly recommend them. My wife and daughter both enjoyed their burgers, my wife raved about the ice tea. The staff is young, energetic and friendly. Why, you ask do they get a 3 star if I loved it so much? $8 for a pint of Dales Pale Ale... Even for a great IPA, that's way steep.
I have to decrease my rating a bit. A few years ago I really looked forward to going here, now I go begrudgingly. I'm not sure if the burgers changed or what, but they actual patties themselves are NOT good. They are sort of dense and texture-less, probably frozen. The toppings are creative, but that can't compensate for when the star-of-the-show-patty is pretty sorry.
The Gate House has delicious food, great service, and a wonderful ambience, and that makes it one of my favorite Rochester restaurants. Without a doubt, The Duffy is what convinced me. (First off, as a Rochester native, I love that all of the dishes have a regional reference!) Applewood smoked bacon, BBQ sauce, and cheddar atop a burger--cooked to your preference--and a great bun. Don't even think about ordering the regular fries with this; the garlic rosemary fries are amazing and you'll find yourself wishing you had more. Neapolitan-style pizza isn't very common in Western New York, but The Gate House does a pretty good job. Go for the Strong Margherita for something a touch more traditional, or the Park Ave for a hummus, goat cheese, and grilled veggie pizza. You won't be disappointed either way. My preferred appetizer at The Gate House is definitely the eggplant fries, which are crunchy and piping hot. I recently came here for brunch for the first time, and thoroughly enjoyed it. Note that the brunch menu changes relatively frequently, so don't trust what's posted on the website. I ordered the huevos rancheros; while not authentic, they were hearty and tasty with a nice spin on a classic. I was a little disappointed in the asiago grits. They needed some more creaminess to them (they were fluffy, almost like couscous clumped together), and with no black pepper, they were bland. Strangely, they also had minced parsley, which added an interesting freshness that I wouldn't normally expect from grits. (That all being said, I can't judge The Gate House for less-than-stellar grits since I should know better than to expect authentic grits north of the Mason-Dixon.) We overstayed our brunch table by a considerable amount, but the staff was more than gracious and allowed us to stay put. The service here is great and my coffee never got below the halfway mark, thanks to the attentive waitstaff.
Had a chicken sandwich and the chicken tasted like rubber.  It seemed like they used frozen chicken and did not defrost it first.
We've been to The Gate House numerous times and have never had a bad experience.  The service is always attentive even when they're super busy. Their menu has a nice mix of selections. The atmosphere is cozy and warm. The one drawback is that the place is quite small. That being said, be prepared for a wait during the dinner hour. I've waited as long as 45 minutes for a table. I was sad to hear they no longer serve Sunday brunch. We really liked their brunch menu but their regular menu keeps us coming back.
It's been a few months, but my experience with this place was anything but impressive. The waitstaff was generally surly and incompetent (serving me 5 minutes after my partner was served), and was nowhere to be found otherwise. I had a garbage plate burger, and the hot sauce on it was awful! My partner had a pizza, and it was overcooked and greasy. As if that wasn't bad enough, the overwhelming noise from all the 20-somethings getting tanked up on beer at the bar made conversation nearly impossible. One thing I thought was odd and/or pretentious was the option they had for 'upgrading' your burger to one with Kobe beef (all for a mere $8 addition). I could not imagine WHY anybody would do such a thing. Kobe beef is supposed to be lean, and you need fat to make a burger juicy. People who've chosen this option have reported to me that all they got for their $8 was a hockey-puck for a burger. I haven't tried this (and never will), but just a word of advice for those tempted to do so.
While the gourmet burgers and thin crusted pizzas were told to be exemplary, I did not enjoy my experience here. Made a reservation and had our table given away on two occasions which pushed our wait time to almost an hour and a half without being given prior notice (hostess admitted to this later right before we were seated). Ended up taking an outdoor patio table in order to be seated quicker. Ordered a bottle of Malbec to start out then the Wease which consisted of horseradish sauce and Gouda cheese. The burger was not out of this world as raved by reviews and friends and especially after dealing with such poor attention before even sitting down, it would have been hard to recommend this place to anyone. One positive, however, was the location, hidden away in a warehouse district with several hip restaurants and bars. It will be a while when or if I ever return to this place though.
After wanting to try this place for a while, I was finally able to make it here a few weeks ago.  I met up with a few of my friends here on a Saturday night.  There was only a short wait and by the time we decided and ordered pre-dinner drinks it was time to be seated.   I have to admit that ordering was quite the ordeal, between the 3 people in my party and all of the tempting choices on the menu it took us a while to finally settle on what we wanted.  I forget the exact name of the burger I chose (all of the burgers are named after different Rochester celebrities or icons), but the important thing is that it was a lamb burger with topped/cooked with feta cheese.  I will admit that this was probably only my second time ever having lamb, but I was in the mood for something different from my normal bacon cheeseburger.  The burger was excellent, it was moist and wasn't overpowered by the feta.  I had an order of the regular fries, but the others in my party had the rosemary garlic fries which I tried and was sorry that I didn't order myself.   The prices were a little on the high side for burgers I thought, but you're paying in part for the ambiance and overall experience. I enjoyed everything about my meal here, and will definitely return to try out some of the other items on the menu.
I had my first disappointment here the other evening.  I wasn't that the burger wasn't great, it was.  It was just that the combination I had (and darn it if I can't remember it now), didn't hit.   But generally, their meals are superb.  Simple pizza and burgers.  I love the barbecue and Applewood bacon burger though it will clog your arteries up for about two weeks.  The place has become much more popular in the past year and expect a wait on weekends.  We were there on a weeknight and stil ate at the bar to avoid a half hour wait for a table for 5. I will concur with Benjamin's note from 6/26, however, that they are poor in handling reservations.  We've had large groups bumped before as well.  You really need to be insistent with the hostess to the point of being rude.  It shouldn't be that way, but they need to get their front end of the house in order.  I'd probably give 3 1/2 starts instead of 4 if I could taking Benjamin's comments into account as how they dovetail with my own on the seating issue. But I do need to take issue with Brian T.  Village Gate always has been kind of funky and downtrodden and that's the appeal.  Anyone that tries to refer to this area as upscale, needs a reality check.  Salena's and California Rollin' as upscale?  What about the secondhand close shops and gaming stores.  Take a second look Brian T.
I hate sending food back. Stresses me out, and I know it makes the server feel bad as well. It's not their fault. They're simply there to take care of the customer. So, when I sent my burger (and sweet potato fries) back tonight, I felt awful Despite that, I'm still changing my rating for the Gate House to two stars based on  recent visits. I'm not down with the changes they're making to long-standing menu items. Up until now, if you asked me where my favorite place was to get a burger, I'd have said the Gate House. Tried 'em all. My fave was the Hoffman. You'll see a picture of what the Hoffman *used* to look like in the pics for the Gate House (taken by me). Those days are long gone... the last two times I ordered it it was served (first) on a ciabatta roll and (secondly) on a brioche roll. The roll they HAD been using for many years was either a Martucsciello roll or something very similar. The rolls they are using now do not have the same freshness and are not even heated up. My suspicion is that the newer rolls are cheaper and, not being a Martusciello style roll, keep longer.  Which, I guess, suits the restaurant's bottom line. For folks who don't care about "unami, " a roll is a roll. Prior to this recent change, I'd say that you could get that  "pleasant savory taste" at the Gate House. Depending on the burger you order, this may or may not make a difference.  As the saying goes, YMMV. I hope they didn't mess up the rest of the menu items!
They occupy the best spot in the Village Gate.  The entire dining area has a courtyard view of the complex.   Pizza was good, but not great.  Topping were fine, but the crust could be a little more crisp.  It was certainly better than most in Rochester.  Their mini burger dish, was a little misleading.  I would expect mini burgers with fries and macaroni to be a few sliders with a side of fries and mac salad.  The girlfriend basically got a fancy garbage plate.. two beef patties, fries, and mac salad all on top of each other.  Needless to say it wasn't very appetizing to look at, but didn't taste all that bad (at least I didn't think so).   3 stars for the location and good casual food, but the location really does lend itself to higher-end food.
I would have it four stars if it was not for its bad services. The food there was not bad. The waiter waiting on our table didn't looked friendly at all. He didn't give us a single smile. Listen to me, I'm not that difficult customer. I would give it a two star review just because he didn't smile. It was what happened after. I didn't pay for this meal. It was a friend's treat. There were three of us, she paid for all of us.  It was about $45 in total without tax.  That friend usually tips by doubling whatever tax is. So usually 16%. It wasn't a bad tip given that we didn't get any warm services. However, the restaurant charged us $2.5 tax while it should be $3.6 given the tax rate is 8%. My friend didn't notice at that time so she tipped twice tax. And she forgot to take back her credit card. After paying, we were chatting a little bit at the table. And we heard a loud pia sound and came with the sound my friend's card that was plunking from the air. It was the waiter that plunked it onto our table without saying anything. My friends were annoyed and wondering where the attitude came from. She complained to me and showed me the receipt. It was that time that we found they did tax wrong, which lead to the supposed 16% tips turning to be under 10%. It was an honest mistake, and it was the restaurant fault at the first place. To be honest, I totally understand where the waiter's attitude came from.  He lives on the tips. After seeing the under tipped tip, shouldn't his first reaction be what I did wrong and maybe he could have asked us. In this way, he would be nice and we would find our mistakes and be totally willing to add more tips. Everybody would be happy.
Walk in with an appetite and a sense of humor, and this place is a gold mine. The food is excellent, and that's what the four star rating is for, let's just state that from the beginning. So I made a reservation about a week ahead of time, estimated my party to be 8-10, & upon finding out the final # was 11, called the afternoon of to update it. Here's the thing: if the guy on the phone had said look, we're a small place we have limited space, too many parties tonight, can't do it- fine. In that case you go somewhere else, it's one meal of your life, no big deal. But he didn't say that, and he didn't say no problem either. He gathered together all the strength of his affected hipster attitude and proceeded to keep me on the phone for several minutes too long basically whining about how hard it would be, but MAYBE he can make it work. Ohhhh my god, I don't care. Make it work or don't, or as Yoda would say: Do or do not, there is no try. And frankly, I think you should look up the definition of hard when you're done figuring out that incredibly challenging floor plan you've got there. Life is hard, death and sickness and childbirth and reading in the dark are all hard. Putting a chair in between other chairs at a table (which is what they ended up doing)... that gets filed under "not hard". Did I mention it was a Monday night? Not Saturday, Monday; the red-headed step child of days. Anyway, I guess it was fine because I didn't get a call all day, so on to dinner we went. While we're waiting for the last few people to arrive we get drinks, I'm usually a beer girl but it was my birthday so I decided to get a cocktail. Ordered a delicious-sounding strawberry cucumber mojito, the girl makes it quickly, comes back & deposits in front of me... well, it was a mess. Chunks everywhere, and a nice big straw to suck it all up. Since I'd ordered a beverage and not a snack, I decided to ask if she could make it liquid again. I asked if she could possibly strain it, at which point she said in her best Paris Hilton impression: "well it's a muddled drink." Yes, it says that on the menu and the chunks of pith stuck in the back of my throat tell me as much, but thank you for letting me know, again. She did strain it though, and replaced the standard straw with a tiny sip straw that didn't reach the bottom of the glass, in what I assume was punishment. I like baby straws, joke's on her. The point, though, is that muddled or not, that drink, as well as the other muddled ones my friends got, were gross and undrinkable. I didn't feel the need to share with her that I'm a bartender. Or that over the course of the last ten years I've muddled somewhere around 20,000 drinks. I also didn't tell her that the purpose of muddling it's to release oils and flavors from the ingredients, which (with the exception of strawberries, which must be squished into a nice paste before being STRAINED) takes a delicate hand; pulverizing generally makes it bitter, not better. I didn't mention that she's supposed to be a bartender, not a lawnmower, shredding things left & right. And i didn't say that no one in their right mind wants to spend the night chewing their way through their $8 drink. I didn't say these things because stating the obvious in a condescending voice is considered rude. But i guess rude is what they're going for, or at least something between lazy and whiny, because that's what I got that night. Oh well, like I said, the food was great, the server was fine, and we all had a good laugh at the confused, stuck up and awkwardly incapable staff.
The Gate House is located in the upscale Village Gate, a multiple use artsy series of buildings.  I came out on a late Wednesday night, and didn't need reservations, walked in and was seated.  A swanky, upscale feel for burgers and pizza, but I liked it.   The large winding bar led into the open air kitchen and their wood fire pizza oven.  We got some of their seasonal beer, but wasn't all that impressed.  We got the spinach, goat cheese and artichoke dip to start and was disappointed with the overwhelming amount of spinach in comparison to the other two ingredients.  Too much, far too much.   My friend got a pizza and I got the The Geiger burger.  I was stuck between getting the garlic rosemary fries or the sautéed veggies.  Definitely happy with my veggies selection!  A good mix of the few different types.  I didn't get as much heat from the jalapenos that I was looking for, and the avocado portion was decent.  My friend said he enjoy his pizza, I didn't try it though.  All in all, an alright experience, thankfully we didn't have to wait for a table, wouldn't have been too happy.
The Gate House is a new addition to Village Gate that specializes in gourmet burgers and pizza, all of which are named after Rochester public figures.  I've been here for dinner twice and was very happy with both meals. The decor is clean and relaxing, and the service is friendly. The sample bruschetta that they gave us was a nice touch, but this might have just been a "Welcome to our new restaurant!" bonus.   The first time that I went, I got the Kodak pizza (Italian sausage and roasted peppers)--very good! The crust was thin and crispy, just how I like it. My boyfriend got a lamb burger with feta and mint relish and enjoyed it. For dessert we tried a brownie sundae with strawberries, and it was delicious. When I returned, I tried the Chyna burger: teriyaki sauce and grilled pineapple.  It was delicious!  I loved the rosemary garlic fries. I think the prices are pretty reasonable for "fancy" burgers and pizzas, and the location is great. Big windows look out onto the courtyard of Village Gate, and it was nice to watch the snow from the inside :)
Ordered from there twice in the last 3 days while working at the theatre down the street.  The first time I had the seared ahi tuna and it was ok.   I like my Tuna with wasabi and soy better but the dish was still prepared very well.  The mix of veggies it was served over were very good.  The 2nd time I had a burger that was amazing.  Great all around nothing to complain about!  Fresh bun, fresh veggies sautéed on top.  Rosemary garlic fries were delicious as well. Pizzas looked very good and if I'm ever here for work again ill be eating at this place every time.
Mrs. Bellyman decided to spend a couple of days visiting her in-laws with Little Belly. No, Bellyman wasn't in trouble! Deciding doing dishes was not on Bellyman's to-do list while the Misses was out of town, Bellyman decided to bring food to Bellyman. Village Gate Square is one of Bellyman's favorite places to go in Rochester. There's a great comic book store there, with a large variety of geek-related paraphernalia. A collectibles shop that always turns up some interesting finds. A book shop that sells the dustiest, coolest books you'll find...etc, etc. Bellyman went over to wander around, but the one thing Bellyman does not like about Village Gate: weird hours. Bellyman arrived at 5:45, only to find most stores closed or closing. So, Bellyman decided to just get some dinner and go drown his sorrows at home. Belly Family has been wanting to try the Gate House Cafe for a while, so Bellyman decided to do it himself. Bellyman got the Strong Margherita Pizza and an order of Rosemary & Garlic Fries. The pizza was good, although Bellyman isn't sure it was worth $10 for such a small pizza (about a 12 incher). But, it had good flavor, and was enjoyable the next morning for breakfast as well (the mark of a truly good pizza is how it fares for breakfast when cold). The fries were REALLY good, and you get a LOT for that price. They even managed to stay crispy despite Bellyman's 15 minute ride home. Verdict: All in all, Bellyman approves of the food. The price leaves much for Bellyman to desire. It will go on Bellyman's list of places to get a good, Neapolitan-style pizza, though!
Great pizza, pretty good burgers! I recommend this place as a decent, low to middle price place to grab food with people. American fare, decent beer selection as well. It's one of my regular spots to grab dinner.
Fabulous for Vegetarians!  I just LOVE the options of burgers you can create using their delicious veggie burger!  It is a very crative menu and the atmosphere is fun and full of energy!  It is a great place to go for an evening out on the town with friends.
I dined at The Gate House for the first time recently and was very impressed.  My husband and I eat out often and have our go-to favorites for lunch (Sinbad's or Magnolia Cafe) and dinner (Two Vine, Good Luck, Lento, or either of the earlier two places!) but we were looking for something new and different.  The Gate House did not disappoint! The vibe and decor is hip and modern, without seeming over the top.  The menu is at once casual and exciting.  An array of salads, pizzas, and burgers on their menu (the burgers are all named for Rochester landmarks or well known people in the area) assures that even the pickiest eater in your group will find a favorite. We started with the seared ahi tuna served with house made ratatouille (which was so good I asked if they could figure out a way to charge me for a full to-go container of just the ratatouille!  Sadly, they informed me they don't make enough in a day to sell it on it's own; hopefully this will change soon!). Then, I enjoyed a bowl of their homemade mediterranean vegetable soup with italian sausage.  So fresh and clean - every vegetable in the soup tasted so fresh....mmmmm!  Last but certainly not least was an order of eggplant "fries".  These are a must have!  Cut fresh at the restaurant, lightly panko breaded eggplant sticks are lightly fried, tossed with grated asiago and fresh basil and served with home made (see the theme - everything is fresh and made in house!!!) marinara sauce for dipping.  My husband enjoyed one of their thin crust pizzas, covered in local fresh vegetables, cheeses, and herbs.  Deeeeelicious! Service was attentive and friendly (not overly so, as some places can be) and the food was phenomenal.  We will be back soon and I hope you will too!
Good food. Good service. Good beer. What more could you ask for? I've been there a couple of times now and its consistently good. The burgers are delicious. Garlic rosemary fries are excellent. Tried the black and tan onions tonight. A good twist on a fried onion. Our server was very friendly (and she was cute). The pizzas are also good but thats based on a single slice of a cheese Burger pizza. Until they do me wrong, I will continue to eat there
reservations almost required, but they only take them for 4 or more people.   But I don;t mind waiting when the food is so good, and the bar usually has room and the staff is super friendly and accommodating.  Burgers are one of the best in Rochester; and LOVE the garlic rosemary fries.  The theme is so cute naming the pizza, burgers, and salads after famous people and places from Rochester.  I've had burgers and pizza, but no salad yet, but they do look delicious and huge, so it will definitely pass for a whole meal.  One of My Faves of Rochester!
I have been to this place a few times now. They have a good selection of specialty pizzas and burgers, but I'm not sure they quite live up to their ingredient lists. Both times, I've had bites of the pizza with the prosciutto and smoked mozzarella (I think that was it). It was pretty good. The crust was a little soggy though. I prefer Veneto's pizzas. I've also tried their salads, which were drenched and soggy - not very fresh tasting. I will probably go back for a burger craving, because there are a lot of options (kobe beef? yay! although i wonder what the point of making a burger with it is. oh well.). They have a decent wine and beer list. I wouldn't recommend just dropping in on a fri or sat night though, as it gets busy, and the waiting area is small. Otherwise, it's not a bad place to hang out.
Went on a weeknite and got seated right away.  Our server came over took our drink orders and told us the specials.  We decided on burgers.  Our food was delivered quickly, hot and to our specifications.  The Hoffman burger was perfect with blue cheese and carmalized onions divine!  Hubby's Pandora burger with a nice kick was throughly enjoyed. We each tried different potato's the herb garlic could have used more seasoning and the sweet potato fries were perfect.  All in all a very nice deal with tip, two glasses of wine under $45.00.
Great place for a burger, salad or pizza. I've had almost everything on the menu, and it has all been great. Haven't had dessert there yet though, maybe next time! I love their garlic rosemary fries. Friendly staff, trendy atmosphere in the Village Gate.
This was my first time here and I can say that it is a decent place to eat, but nothing too special. The prices and atmosphere will probably bring me back, but I feel that the burger reviews on here are a little exaggerated.
A real favorite. Consistently wonderful gourmet burgers and friendly service. A cozy place with a great vibe.
Cute little pizzeria. Me and my boyfriend had some pizza - which was tasty. What left an impression though, is the sweet potato fries. The best in the world - im sure of it. TRY THEM NOW! So delish. Will always go back just for those.
Myself and 4 girlfriends went here for dinner. I have been here many times before. Good food and good atmosphere, hence me going back with 4 friends.We had drinks, ate , paid the bill and were talking for about 20 minutes. The manager came over to the table and asked us to leave because someone else had reservations and needed the table. Really? That is a bad business practice , not to mention  super tacky.  Come on Gatehouse you can do better than that.
After seeing some less than stellar reviews about "puck like" burgers and substandard rolls, I was a bit apprehensive about heading back to the Gate House, but we took a gamble last week, and I'm happy to report that my burger was nothing short of stellar, once again.  The Gramm burger customized with sliced jalapenos had perfect hand formed medium rare beef, excellent doneness and texture, great smoothness from the avocado, spice from the jalapeno slices, and crunch from the bacon, and the roll was fresh and complimented the burger well.  Sweet potato wedge fries were once again top notch, with drizzled honey and sea salt, and the black and tan onion rings were great as well.  We sat at the bar and were waited on by Ashley, who was super friendly and on top of the draft and wine refills as we neared the bottom of our glasses.  By 9, the dinner crowd had waned considerably and we were eating within 15 minutes of sitting down.  A highly enjoyable experience all around.  All I can guess about others having sub standard burgers is perhaps they ran out of fresh ground beef and had to substitute frozen patties in a pinch.  No clue, I just know I've had a run of three great burgers my last three visits, so I will continue to favor the Gate House for its great food, good draft selection, and relatively close proximity to my hood.
Service was great, bartender was very friendly and gave us samples of a couple drinks.  Our server was attentive and food was excellent.  I would definitely recommend them as a place to go in Rochester.
Good food especially the sweet potato fries, but Extremely noisy. It would also be helpful if they allowed reservations.
Ate here this past weekend on Saturday night with the lady and a few friends. We arrived around 7:30 because we figured there would be a wait and we wanted to catch a Village Idiots show afterwards. I can't suggest those guys enough! Go see some great improv for $5 a person! Back on to Gate House. We were told there would be a 40 minute wait and it ended up being closer to 70 minutes. Now, it isn't the end of the world but for our friends who had never eaten here before, hardly a great first impression. Once we got in and sat down we all began to drool over the menus, the food looked amazing as always. The lady and I got an appetizer of the chicken fingers with the blue cheese fondue. Now I had had this once before and it came out over done, this time they got it perfect! The warm creamy fondue worked really well with the panko breaded chicken. For dinner  two of got burgers which were good as usual, the rosemary garlic fries seemed a little unseasoned but still good. They were the Hoffman and the Golisano, I later regretted getting a burger. One person got the woodfired mac and goat cheese. This was probably the worst  dish we got for 2 reasons. One the salad that came with it wasn't brought out before the mac and cheese. I'm sure the server just forgot and brought it out with the food and she only had a few bites of it because she wanted to get it out of the way. The mac and cheese tasted ok, looked great but was luke warm to cold. I'm sure it was the first thing done, all they do is put some mac and cheese in a bowl and slide it in the pizza over after all. She refused to ask for a new bowl though. My girl friend got a pizza, The Xerox. The pizza was good, actually it was fantastic and I wish I had ordered that vs my burger. The only down side was it had the same chicken on it as came with our appetizer and there was like 6 medium sized pieces. I would rather had some grilled chicken on it and more smaller pieces spread out. The decor is nice as always, the view of the courtyard is nice, especially with all the snow when your warm inside. The plates of food looked nice without being pretension. The staff were ok. I mentioned how the host staff were less then perfect. I don't expect laser accuracy but waiting 30 minutes longer than we were quotes is also not acceptable in my opinion. Our server started off just about good but went down hill. He was friendly but seemed a bit slow versus service I have had here in the past. He forgot the salad that came with the Mac and Cheese and should probably have noticed the oven roast mac and cheese plate was cold when he put it on the tray to bring it out to us. Also as soon as we had the food we asked for the bills since we didn't want to miss the 9:30 improv show. After we had paid and he gave us boxes he was just gone. No more drink refills, he didn't check back to make sure everything was still ok or anything like that. It was just a little disappointing. Not something I would expect from the Gate House, something I would expect at Dennys say. All in all a little below the mark for what I expect from you Gate House. Apparently the owners also own the new Brazilian Grill at Village Gate called Espada. While we were waiting we did check out their menu and at $30 a person, we aren't rushing to try it out and it looked slow for a Saturday night. I didn't even know they were open yet.  A great way to spend time when waiting for your table is to explore Village gate, check out the other restaurants and there is some great modern art you can check out on the second floor.
My first date with my boyfriend was to The Gate House. Since then it has always had a special place in my heart. I love the simple, contemporary decor, and the outdoor seating is a definite plus. The location of the restaurant is very artsy and quiet. The staff is attentive and they all seem to have a quirky sense of humor that makes every customer feel special. Definitely start with a drink at the bar because their cocktails are absolutely delightful. Now, the food - they're all upscale versions of comfort food (lots of gourmet burgers). My favorite is the sweet potato fries and the Gate House Plate (the most simple, classic, upscale garbage plate I have ever eaten). I enjoy the low key atmosphere and recommend this place highly
I went to The Gate House last night with my friend. Had the side caesar salad and the MAG pizza. Both were delicious. Our waitress was great as well. Have eaten here many times and will continue to do so.
Pizza was excellent (we had the MAG). Delicious eggplant fries and Portuguese linguica appetizers. Service was attentive and great.
Underwhelming. The burger was decent  but unremarkable for a place that claims to specialize in burgers (and pizza). Acceptable onion rings. A garbage plate misleadingly billed as a slider appetizer. Watery fountain drinks. Attentive service, but noticeably so (stop walking by my table looking at me like that!) Excellent cheesecake.
Love it!! Must go if you like burgers !
Great burgers, reasonably priced, good pizza, slightly upscale interior. A solid choice, especially for a date.
I had a friend tell me about The Gate House, and she really loves it, which is maybe why I'm let down. I thought that the food was pretty good, but not anything spectacular. We tried an assortment of pizzas, all which are thin crusts and named after places in Rochester. Interesting flavors, but nothing "out of this world." I thought that the salads were okay-- a little too much dressing and not really many creative toppings. However, the sweet potato fries and hot apple cider were both extremely good. I probably would not go back here, just because there are so many other great little places in Rochester that I would prefer to go to instead. However, it could be a completely different experience with ordering burgers instead of pizza, because I hear that the burgers are very good.
I have only been here once about a year ago and I was impressed.  Never got to check out the pizza but I did try one of the burgers and it was delicious.  Very cute interior and I loved the location.  The Menu was very clever with its item names.
Both the burgers and the pizza are delicious! The Kobe beef is good but I didn't notice that much of a difference, however you can substitute the Kobe beef for regular beef on any of the burgers on the menu. The Rosemary garlic french fries were also delicious.
Stopped by for the first time with my dad last night, as I was visiting home for the weekend.  He's been there before and said it was pretty solid.  He liked the wood-fired pizza element of the place.  (He lived in Italy for a short while and his radar is always on for a good wood-burning oven. ) Anyway. I wanted a burger and saw the reviews here and we decided to give it a go.  I got the "Duffy"  (yes I know, boring BBQ bacon cheeseburger) with rosemary garlic fries and it was delicious.  It was big but not so big and thick that I had no choice but to cut it in half and take the rest home.  I was hungry so I finished it!  The fries were yummy, no doubt garlick-y and rosemary dusted, but they use shoestring fries!  Immediate buzz kill.   Shoestrings get cold so fast...I don't like them.  They made the plate look cheap. Surely you can do better than that! Service wise, and this is really why the place didn't get more stars...we walked in and were immediately greeted (brownie points for that), but we waited and waited for someone to initially acknowledge us at the table.   As soon as the one server came by to grab our beer order, the other one came over too.  Sadly the second server to ask us about our drinks was the server that was going to get our business.  His name was Rocco and I didn't like him.  His "tableside manner" sucked.   I've worked in restaurants before (seriously.  I have; and I'm not usually critical of the wait staff because I've BEEN THERE).  Large, busy, often-short-staffed restaurants much like they were last evening.  I know there's only two of you working the floor, and you each have a big table you're working, but please, Please, PLEASE don't just drop off whatever you have to and keep walking.  A veritable rolling stop at the table so you can go on to the next group.  Ugh.  Super huge turn off.  Sorry ROCCO, but you can't forget about the little two-tops...I probably would have stayed for another beer or dessert, but you were just way too busy for me.     I'll give this place another shot, only because the menu looks intriguing for a Rochester joint, but next time I might be dining at the bar....
Excellent food here! Had several different kinds of their wood fire pizzas and they were all very unique and we'll made. I haven't had the burger yet but I hear from everyone that it's amazing! Their veggie sampler platter was great, a real value. Always friendly wait staff. All of my friends love the place. You may wait a while if it is a busy night though, they have limited seating! And they are not the cheapest in town, but you get what you pay for! Can't wait to try their new place!
Great original food with local names and personality.
Love the burgers here. My order of medium rare definitely leaned more to rare, but I actually like that preparation too so no problem. The meat was well seasoned, juicy, and flavorful. Onion rings also very good. Great cocktails...and unique. For those who prefer beer, they have some decent offerings as well. My daughter had a chocolate milkshake which was huge and she loved it to the last drop. We enjoyed our chocolate cake for dessert (which I actually shared with my 2 kids...with plenty to go around). The menu is "focused", some may argue limited. I appreciate an establishment that sticks to a select group of offerings and does them well, rather than a 10 page menu of mediocrity. I guess i wish they offered more appetizers, but I was plenty sated with my main.All the adults and all of the kids enjoyed their meals thoroughly, which is a rarity in my house. Service was friendly and very efficient as well on our visit. It was busy but we only had a 10 minute wait for a nice table which was very reasonable. I liked the casual, comfortable atmosphere...slightly loud I suppose, but not to a bothersome level. Open on Sunday, which is a very good thing in these parts ;)
I have been back 3 times now and have never had a bad meal.  Simply put, it's excellent food, reasonable prices, and a great atmosphere.
Great place for date night or a night out with friends.Food is the best. The employees and owners go out of there way to make yo feel at home.YOU ROCK!
A great place to take family & friends. Menu items are crowd-pleasers (named for people & places in rochester) each with a delightful gourmet twist. The eggplant fries were crispy and light, salad francoise came topped with perfectly seared tuna, delicious dressing and green beans. Others in the party enjoyed the burgers, for which the gatehouse is known. The wine list was well-priced and diverse. Tiramisu was delicious. Add exceptional service to a unique, modern atmosphere and you have the perfect evening out! Ask for Ryan : )
Love this place!! The first time I went it was with a few friends and we were actually on our way to California Rollin', but saw the Gate House Cafe and decided to give it a whirl. The food was delicious and our waiter was hilarious. FOOD: The burgers are a nice size and the rosemary garlic fries (shoe string type) are pretty tasty. I recommended this place to a friend and she recently went and told me all the burgers on the menu can be substituted with a veggie burger which she said was delicious. We had their "gate plate" which is just a fancy garbage plate. It was good, but with all the other options on the menu I will opt for something else next time. I had the butternut squash lasagna as an entree and it was AMAZING. Other stuff: It is a little pricer (most expensive entree $15), but nothing outrageous and definitely affordable for a casual night out with friends or a date. They do have a bar with flat screens and their dining area is cozy, but not crowded. It has a modern/clean feel and is well decorated. It might be difficult fitting parties larger than 8 as walk-ins, but their website says they are opening up a private room soon. The location of the restaurant isn't visible off the street, but just park in the parking lot and you'll see it behind the main building facing the street. I have gone to this place a couple times (most recently on 12/22) and have loved it every time! I have also recommended it to several friends and they have all come back with positive reviews and experiences. If you enjoy Pomodoro definitely give this place a try. The exec chef here used to be the exec chef at Pomodoro. Compliments to the chef!
People don't come to Rochester for its dining experience, so this was hard for me to rate.  In comparison to cuisine from other parts of the country, this restaurant would be considered very average.  However, I thought as far as restaurants go in the area, it has a great vibe, offers good food and a great wait staff.  Unfortunately, I can't give it a higher rating b/c it would then throw my other ratings off.
Good food, but a little pricey. Split a burger, pizza & 2 lemonades w/Venessa for lunch. Total = $29 before tax and tip.
I went here with my family, (there were four of us) for dinner. I can really only vouch for the burgers, which were absolutely fantastic. The taste was only matched by the atmosphere. Our waitress was engaging, and happy to serve us, and everyone inside was having a great time.
Excellent food!  Great service!  Strongly recommended
In a city that suffers from a dearth of decent dining options, The Gate House stands out. Usually places that offer burgers with a ton of different topping options, as The Gate House does, do so in order to mask poor quality meat. That is not even remotely the case here: their burgers are fresh, handmade, and you can certainly taste it. Highly recommended.
Great place! My boyfriend and I tried this because of friend recommendations, and we were not let down!  The Black & Tan Onion Rings are to die for.  We both got burgers because the pizza oven was broken - both juicy and very tasty.  Only reason I'm giving this 4 stars is the alcohol was overpriced. Great atmosphere and service - highly recommended!
Best burgers in Rochester. Great to sit down with a few people or a large group.
Brought the family out last night for dinner. Well worth the wait (good to see business is well). Had probably one of the best burgers in Rochester ever had. Spend a lot of time recently in Chicago which has exceptional food establishments, the Gate House burgers rank right up there with the ones we have had in Chicago. My wife being a spice fanatic had the spicy wood fire wings and is still talking about how good they are. Great service with a friendly staff. Food done right.
4 out of the 5 times I've been here I have walked to my car saying the same thing. "Wow thats the best burger I've ever had."  Only once was my burger over done, and I always get it medium rare so the cook must have checked out that day.  Other than that the Geiger has never let me down.  Only downside is that every time I go it takes at least 15 minutes to figure out what burger I want to try, too many great burgers to choose.  Fries are awesome.  Garlic fries are even better.  Great location, good atmosphere.  I've noticed it being more busy for lunch than dinner, but thats probably because its priced for a lunch, $9 a burger.  Highly recommend....
I visited the Gate House last night for date night, and I came away more impressed than previous commenters. The ambiance is quite lovely. I got kind of an outdoor, deck feel with all the wood slats and row of grass. The booth was very cushy. The seat bottom was so thick that my feet didn't touch the ground (not unusual for this self-described midge). Our server was prompt and attentive. He didn't hover at all, and was quick to check on us to see how the food was. We honestly didn't wait more than ten minutes for our salads, which, on first glance didn't seem too large. However, about ten minutes of eating revealed me only being about half done. My date also commented on how deceptively large the salads are. I almost didn't have the heart to stop eating it when the pizza arrived. I am honestly puzzled by those that didn't enjoy the pizza. I loved it. Then again, I love Neapolitan-style pizza. Rochester pizzerias have a penchant for thick, involved crusts, and that's just really not my thing. The pizza sauce was delicious in and of itself. I like my pizza and/or pasta sauces that are tomato-based to actually taste like tomatoes. I'm not looking for anything that tastes like a thicker, spiced ketchup. Disgusting. The Gate House sauce reminded me so much of my very favorite pizza of all time from my childhood. I caught myself reminiscing in the middle of my dinner. A just right amount of basil made the pizza extremely scrumptious. Even my date loved it, and he usually likes pizza like Guida's (ick). I thoroughly enjoyed dinner. It wasn't too loud, the food was just right, the server was just attentive enough. Gate House is definitely a must for me now.
I recently went to the Gate House for the 1st time, on my husband's birthday. I was a little upset when I got there because someone had forgotten to write down our reservation and there were a lot of people waiting for tables. Fortunately, the hostess got us a table within 5 minutes. Our server was really very nice, walked us through the specials and had our drinks to us quite quickly. The place was fun, the food was wonderful, and they came and very discreetly sang a nice "Happy Birthday" to my husband with our dessert. I can't wait to go again!
The menu items are all Rochester-themed. The Strasenburgh pizza is my go-to meal when I'm at the Gate House. The pizza can be ordered with (red) or without sauce (white). I personally love both. This pizza has caramelized onions and chorizo sausage on top. Fantastic flavor! The Black & Tan onion rings are truly the best I have ever tasted. The Caesar salad has radiatore noodles on top; but it's not weird, it's really delicious. The amaretto sours and strawberry mimosas are my favorite drinks here. Seriously, every item I have tried, I've been a fan of. If you want to go on the weekend or a Friday, 5:30 is the best time to go if you can make it. Not busy, and great service.
The jalapeno Burger is to die for! very good casual-gourmet, which is so hard to find.
Garlic rosemary French fries!  Yum.  Pandora burger.  Yum.  Great pizza.  Last Sunday was a Gate House salad w seared ahi tuna / perfect!  The Durand Nicoise.  Good service, nice bar, and comfortable even if you're 'solo'.  Just a tad slow on the serving.  I've been here dozens of times, and maybe 1 out of 5 it's slow or a little 'short' on personality (servers).  I've ordered take out a few times and even with large orders they did not screw up.  A+++  OH!  Just a heads up, on Sunday they only do this 'brunch' thing until evening - so, don't go if you're looking forward to something that's a fav on the regular menu - the server wouldn't budge when I wanted something else not on the brunch menu - ah well.  The owners are opening Espada brazilian next door soon. May 5, 2012
OMG the burgers are good. Nice atmosphere, decent beer selection (not great but OK) and great location. Has some outdoor seating. Service is quick and friendly. Great for lunch breaks and dinner.
Great food and a unique experience. My wife and I sat at the bar while waiting for our table. The staff was great and you could watch them cook with the open fire place. The food was great.
I love the ambient atmosphere and the efficiency of the servers. The food was very good, and I look forward to going again.
A generally steady choice for a casual dinner, and occasionally a standout. The reason for only 4 stars was service. We had no reservation but were seated promptly and our table was watered, then nothing. Eventually asked a waitress to send over whoever was working our table; nothing. Finally asked hostess, 5 minutes later had service. Offered to buy us our drinks, which was a generous apology for being slow. Meal was excellent; a burger, and salmon w/calliflower. Good choices for wine and beer. We should come more often, willing to chalk up service to a stumble on the waitstaff's part.
Food is delicious and I like the variety + ambiance.
I've been Gate House quite a bit, but my recent experience made me want to write a review. The wait staff seem to be increasingly pretentious as time goes on. Last night I had to get up and help myself to silverware because no one brought us any with our meal. Hmm. Not sure if it's worth it.
Came here earlier today for brunch. The brunch menu is pretty solid, a good variety but short. I went for the egg scramble with chorizo and my sister went for the huevos rancheros. My meal was the egg scramble, a side of fruit, garlic bread, and a choice of a side item. I chose the asiago grits because I have never really had grits before and they were pretty tasty. But the moral of the story is there was a LOT of food. I'm not really one to care much for quantity but It was a lot. The scramble was really tasty and the french bread toast it came with was delicious. My sister really enjoyed her food as well. The service was fantastic; attentive but not annoying. Right when we sat down the server warned us that 2 large partys had just ordered so our food may be a little slow. I really appreciated her honesty upfront, but it turned out the food wasn't even really that slow. They had a really interesting drink on the menu which was a bloody mary that featured bacon infused vodka. We tried to order it but turns out they were all out of the bacon infused vodka. I was really pleased with the overall experience and I will absolutely be back again for lunch.
Met up with 2 friends that I had not seen in awhile....however, the place is so LOUD that it is really hard to hear the person taking across the table.  Also, I ordered a 'well done' hamburger, it came very, very rare....red!  The waitress did take it back and returned it equally underdone.  I requested a take home box and bed it to my dog.  Very disappointing meal.
As a frequent consumer of sweet potato fries, I have to say that theirs are the best I've EVER had. They are thick, sprinkled with sugar, and drizzled with honey. AMAZING.
I want to say that the Gate House is a wonderful place to get a terrific hamburger or Pizza. They have a great bar and their employees are the best. I have been going here now for a couple of years and find I am never disappointed. They treat their employees like family and their customers like family too. They have the best hamburgers in all of Rochester. I just love this place and hope if you are reading this revue you will give it a try and agree with me.
i come here periodically and i always leave satisfied. had the gate plate and i finished it! take your rochester/garbage plate, dress it and kick it up a notch and you have a tasty, hearty meal. goes great with the magic hat number 9.
We have been several times and always have a hard time choosing between one of the yummy hamburgers or one of the equally yummy pizzas.
Order the sweet potato fries!  I have never had a bad meal here and the staff is extremely attentive.  Great selection and the burgers are outstanding.  I have taken friends here on numerous occasions!
Pretty good food, and very good prices.  The service was not very good though.
