Probably the most overrated restaurant in Binghamton. I have been there four time, the staff can either be very nice or very uppity. The restaurant it's self is pretty cool, painted and decorated nicely. Music is always playing, and it's just a bit too loud most of the time. I don't think they have a television, which in my opinion is very nice. Now for the food, I ordered a sage crusted chicken sandwich with asparagus. Which would have been really good but they had overcooked it. Same thing happened with a tune sandwich, the tuna was dry and overcooked.
Great atmosphere, really sets itself apart from other restaurants in the area. Pricing is a little on the high side. I highly recommend, along with everyone else, the rigatoni alla vodka. The pineapple red curry is also very well done and I highly recommend that if you like spicy foods. For drinks, I think it's called the one fish two fish, although I can't find it on the meny.
I see this place got a lot of great reviews. I'm guessing these reviewers don't get out much? I experienced an artsy cafe that gives you diner quality food. Sounds great on the menu until it comes out to your table. Veggies soggy, bottom of plate drenched with water. Maybe I'm being harder on them because of the high expectations I had from all the great reviews? Maybe different cook when I was there? All I can do is review from my experience. Wasn't impressed.
Great little place in downtown Binghamton. Good soups, salads, sandwiches, etc. Artsy atmosphere.
This is a great place for somewhat eclectic atmosphere and vegetarian-friendly options with an attentive wait staff and local flair.   Binghamton isn't exactly a culinary hot-spot, and I was on work travel and looking for a decent lunch place. Both times I was here most tables were filled by friends, lovers, and families- always a good sign.   On the recommendation of yelp and the wait staff I ordered the small Rigatoni alla vodka with tofu- the small was more than enough for me and a side salad with the mango dressing.  I enjoyed the dressing,   I found the tofu  on the rigatoni dish too overgrossly fried. I came back for a berry, grilled chicken, and brie sandwich.  The bread on the sandwich was very meh (tasted like it came out of the bag) and the assembly of the ingredients seemed uninspired.  The mac and cheese side was OVERWHELMINGLY huge compared to the sandwich. Both times I had the mambo molten chocolate cake for dessert-- delicious!
Awesome atmosphere, great staff, phenomenal fun food. Great gluten free options.
My favorite restaurant in Bing! Delicious, non-traditional food (in a good way) and a city-like atmosphere.
Great food and great staff.  First visit and I was impressed!  Many organic and gluten free options. The food was far better than I thought it would be.
I lived right around the corner from this place and so have gone here a few times, each time, trying something different. First, the desserts are not anything exceptional. Secondly, I went the second time at around 8 o' clock and the rice on my Chana Masala was really undercooked and hard. Despite my rants, the Rigatoni Ala Vodka was exactly what I expected and was really tasty. The environment is nice because of the small town restaurant vibe that does something fun. The people maintain a unison vibe of we're all different but are for the most part, very nice. (The lady that I complained to about the undercooked rice glares at me.)
Cool place. Bartender woman is unapproachable, but the rest of the staff was really nice. Sarah the server has a great personality. The shrimp soup rocked. Chihuahua salad was meh.
Great place with interesting menu. Little pricey but portions are large. Gone twice and will go again
A predictable hometown favorite,  but I have to say, if it were anywhere but Binghamton it wouldn't be anything special.
Ok long overdue review. I went here today for lunch with mother. As vegetarians so refreshing to see so many tasty options! I ordered the voodoo tofu sandwich, tofu was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. My mom had the portabello sandwich again yummy! A little of NYC in binghamton, check it out!
Nothing beats the Lost Dog for a good lunch or dinner downtown. The atmosphere is nice, with very high ceilings and an interesting decor, and the food is reliably good. I never have a wait for a table, nearly always get a parking spot nearby, and the service is friendly and prompt.
One of the best restaurants in Binghamton, in my opinion. It's a little expensive for my college budget which is why my friends and I go only for special occasions. I have never ordered something here I didn't like. The atmosphere is great, the staff is friendly, and location is super convenient. My only problem is that they change their menu often and something you wanted to try at one time may not be on the menu when you return. I'm still waiting for them to put their paella back on the menu so I can try it.
We had lunch there on a cold and blustery Binghamton winter day. How nice to sit in this lovely cafe and have a warm soup and a great tasting lunch! The food was great, especially considering the reasonable pricing! We had the chicken marsala special, which tasted as it should. This place has a very nice and creative interior, like you usually find it in big cities like NY or SF. The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive. You might have to wait a bit to get seated, though, the place was packed (with good reason!). Enjoy!
Ordered the Texas Cheese Steak for lunch because it sounded amazing and it certainly lived up to expectations. Loved the blueberry iced too.
I think everybody loves Lost Dog-- for good reason. It's the place I am most likely to take out of town guests and the place I go when I need to feel like I'm someplace cooler than Binghamton. Mostly, the service is very good and the food is consistently delicious. Suits every pocketbook. I love, love the sweet potato fries and chocolate mambo dessert is heavenly! (ask for it with vanilla ice cream instead of banana). Salads are interesting & fresh, entrees are delicious, and the place has a nice vibe. They even do catering. What more can you ask for? Right-- great coffee, too.
We found this spot after a long day of driving from Toronto.  No desire to head all the way to New York City, so we stopped in Binghamton and came across this gem.  In the middle of what seemed like a deserted downtown area was this fantastic environment with great food and friendly service.  Their pasta dishes were more than enough to fill you up, and the bartender makes a mean martini!  Would definitely recomment this spot to anyone coming near Binghamton.
we stopped in for a late dinner--good choice! food was good--i had a veggie burger and the beau had the grass fed burger. both flavorful and satisfying. the sweet potato fries were quite delish, and the mac and cheese was pretty good, too! (it could've used a teeny bit more salt though.) since it was the weekend, it was packed and a bit loud. the lighting is a bit dimmer and the walls are red, adding to the shadowy feeling. overall, the ambiance was eclectic but lively. i'd like to try them out during the weekday to get a contrasting feel. our server was incredibly nice, and the food came out fairly quickly. whether you're looking for a space to hang out with friends or just to eat, the food won't fail you!
i was just okay with the food when i went for a sit-down dinner, but on another occasion I sat at the bar and ordered drinks plus appetizer/tapas and it was delicious.  Drinks are delish.  Fun atmosphere.  Wish it was open later.
The Berry and Brie Chicken sandwich was outstanding and the PMS brownie sundae... divine. Very cool place with amazing food!
This is a fantastic gem.. Kind of reminds me of something you'd find in the Village in manhattan.. Very eclectic and fun.. Food's slightly on the pricy side but worth every penny..
Food and service are consistently great.  Tasty meat, gluten free and vegetarian options make this a place for just about anyone.  Nice drink menu.  Great for a date night or larger groups.  Live music weekly.   Unique decor.   Casual, cool atmosphere.
My husband and I love this place.  We often have to drive from NYC to Rochester and this is a great place to stop and have a bite on the way.  It is easy to get to from the highway and doesn't take you too far out of your way, plus the food is terrific.  It has way more character than any chain restaurant you would be tempted to stop at.   The menu is varied and has a good selection of gluten-free items (vegan as well, if that's your thing).  I had the "Greek Chicken" last time and it was quite good; I am a big fan of anything with lemon and feta in it.  The "Avocado Goat Cheese Dip" appetizer is also delicious - I would highly recommend it - kind of a different take on guacamole.
As for the comment about not taking anyone over 30 to Lost Dog, boy are you behind the times.  Lots of over 30 people patronize Lost Dog all the time, including myself.  For its great healthy food, variety, style and ambience. Am about to reserve their Violet Room now for an event. And I totally love supporting a woman owned establishment that's tops and brings up the atmosphere in Bingo.
great food (mushroom ravioli is my favorite), intimate ambiance, sometimes live music, good location, lost dog is pretty great
This is the type of cafe you'd expect to find in NYC or a quaint small town. It's got great decor, friendly/hipster staff, and delicious food for a reasonable price. BU students & locals alike are big fans of this spot. There is usually a wait (for lunch or for dinner!) so be sure to make a reservation if you can.
The Lost Dog gets over on the fact that Binghamton is so boring and devoid of decent food options. Some of the bartenders are on point and make very good drinks. But the cooking in inconsistent - who wants to eat asparagus-cakes with uncooked dough in the middle? yuck... (sigh) I don't know - I just think that the quality is very mediocre at best, and the more they keep trying to "formalize" the appearance, the food becomes simultaneously less edible and less desirable. They need to decide on what type of cuisine they want to focus on, and then try doing that - and well. The best thing they've got are their desserts. The wait staff for the most part are mistakenly elitist about something...and it's really a turn off. I wouldn't be surprised if they're serving seafood from the Gulf...not feeling it. And not being open on Sunday is just stupid...in a one horse town like this...Great place to have a drink and use wifi - if you can stand them trying to push things down your throat just to "rent" your chair.
I've been going here occasionally for 15 years...and has progeressively gotten worse each time...its not very original menu (think Olive Garden-ish )has seen few changes over the years with even fewer improvements...many menu look as though frozen or premade, with little care...fyi unless you like poorly executed and obscenely loud jazz stay away when they have live musicians
Went for lunch with a friend. The sandwiches were delish ! My friend had the homemade mac ' n cheese & said it was great . Definitely will return , maybe later in the day to experience their new lounge .
Absolutely love this place!! Awesome lunches and great dinners. One of my favorite spots for lunch. Their pastas and sandwiches are so yummy.  I love their selection of teas, coffees, and even great espresso. Their wine list is reasonable and delicious, with some wine discount specials during the week too! As a special note, they easily accommodate dietary restrictions, and include if the dish is gluten free or vegan noted right on their menu.  Plus they try to source locally, which is a huge plus!
We stopped through Binghamton on a road trip and looked up a local place to grab lunch. What a find! We came back through again on the way back. Everything was tasty and we almost wanted to tell them they could charge far more for their sandwiches (but let's not spoil it just yet...) Advice: if there are two of you, get two different sandwiches to share so you don't have to stress over choosing just one. You'll be happier for it.
The only reason I give 4 instead of 5; I didn't try much of the food! Really impressive (and delicious) cocktails. Specifically, the 'Moonwalk' (sparkling wine, chambord, and ROSE WATER?!) and the 'Fig Martini' (muddled figs, apple cider, vodka, and TAWNY PORT?!) Again; impressive. Extremely cute and funky decor; fun, comfortable, inviting vibe. My new favorite bar in Bing.
The only reason I'm giving this joint 4 stairs is strictly because it is one of the better restaurants in the Binghamton area. I can always come here and know that I'll be leaving with a satisfied stomach and somewhat good waitressing service. The last time I came here, we were told to wait around 45 minutes but were seated after waiting 20 minutes or so, which isn't bad at all! Our server was efficient and nice which is always great. I got one of the sandwiches, don't remember which one but it had the philly steak in it. It tasted awesome! Always get the sweet potato fries as a side (never disappoints). We finished our meal off by odering the chocolate lava cake as dessert and it tasted sooo good. I will definitely be returning sometime soon but maybe not during rush hour because I have been told that people usually have to wait an hour to be seated.
Unique but delicious food options, awesome atmosphere, and great music. Doesn't get better than this!
Love this place! i have been here a few times. Definitely something I'd recommend to anyone in the area. Rigatoni a la Vodka : good but a little odd.. not your average a la vodka flavor, but enjoyable. Last time i went, (today), i had the BLT Panini- if youre going to get BLT anywhere- get it here. the bacon is perfectly crispy, good balance of everything, and the garlic mayo is a great touch. loved it. the mac and cheese side was nothing to write home about, but if you like mild cheese on pasta with black pepper, try it. i wasnt a fan. im sticking to the sweet potato fries from now on- THOSE are good! so good. tried the geisha dessert- it was definitely unique. its worth a try.
This place is cute quirky (not annoying quirky) and our waiter was super attentive and friendly despite being unsure of the beers on tap and the soup of the day. The spin art dip (which is an annoying quirky name spinach artichoke dip) was tasty but for $6.95 the portion is quite small. The rigatoni a la vodka was decent, but nothing to write home about,and the $4 add-on chicken was ultra dry. The Geisha dessert - fried cheesecake - was also just ok, not very flavorful and a little over doughy. It seems like they're not sure if they are a coffee shop, a bar with specialty drinks, a sandwich shop, or a restaurant serving apps, entrees, and desserts.
I really liked the downtown conversion feel to this place. When I asked the host for a nice table he walked me to what I would call the worst table and said this is where I'm putting you, dropped the menus and kept walking without breaking his step. The food was great. Three of us all loved the coconut shrimp app. All of our entrees were so big none ate more than half. Pasta alla vodka was ok.  I had a chipotle pasta with black beans and cheese.  I loved it. Wife had a steak special - blackened rib steak.  I loved that too. We were to full for dessert but the menu had for things I wanted. I really enjoyed the raspberry lemonade. Price for the three, no booze, no dessert, with tip 100.00.  I would go again.
After reading all the glowing reviews on here I needed to check out Lost Dog for myself on my first trip to Binghamton. We LOVED it. My husband said it was one of the top sandwiches he has ever had. Family friendly as the atmosphere was casual and loud. Great children's menu with healthy options, and even soymilk!! He got a chicken sandwich with roasted veggies and smoked Gouda. I got the Wagyu beef burger. We both got the mac and cheese which was AMAZING. Dessert was great too - carrot cake, and a deep fried cheesecake which was surprisingly light and crunchy. So yum. Def will be back whenever we are in the area again.
Very good.  I had grass fed burger - it was cooked perfectly to my order (M-R).  French fries were great.  My one companion had Chicken Caesar - came in a huge bowl (helpful for mixing) and she finished it all (she said it the was first time she ever finished an entree salad).   My other companion ordered off the menu (grilled cheese) which was pathetic (small white bread slices, ONE slice of cheese; maybe her punishment for off-menu) but again she said fries were great.  We all shared the Geisha dessert - deep fried cheesecake bites with dipping sauces.  The chocolate sauce tasted like Hershey's Syrup but the raspberry sauce was excellent.
I have to give this place 5 stars in my opinion. The lost dog has amazing food and nice service. The environment was welcoming with contemporary decor. The food was the best part of the experience for me. Aside from the price because the food was a bit pricey everything that I ordered came out perfect. I would defiantly go again, and have already encouraged some friends  to check it out.
Delicious meals, great vegetarian options that are good enough for the omnivores to crave too. Ziti with vodka sauce is really good. Their coffees are really delicious, but I usually booze it up when I'm here. My favorite thing about Lost Dog is the martini selection :-)! The swedish fish and smarties are delicious. You get one martini glass and then a shaker with enough for 1-2 more drinks inside, which is nice. Many drinks come with their namesake candy too, which appeals to me greatly. I want to try their s'more martini with toasted marshmellow right on the top- it looks delicious!  Their new bar is really huge and a welcome open, trendy space with room for any group of friends looking to kick back. The decor is really funky, pretty and trendy. The parking is terrible, we usually have to walk at least a block away (which I guess we're spoiled in this area with typically closer parking). I suppose you could park at Boscovs during the day too, but that would still be a walk. It's worth it despite the parking issues I always have when I go.
A quick walk from the Doubletree Hotel. Not going to lie I was very skeptical about eating here and was not really dazzled with the menu. I could not decide what I was going to have until the waiter was ready to take my order. My mind was made up that I was going to have the Reward (seared turkey, bacon and jack cheese on french bread). Just at that second I turned my head and saw the specials, instantaneously I changed my mind. The Mango habanero pulled pork with slaw on a bun had me hook, line and sinker. I was so looking forward to my lunch now. This sandwich was awesome, the spice and the sweet combo was perfect. I inhaled my sandwich. The pork was succulent, and the heat was just where it needed to be.  My only regret is that I will probably never be in the area again to have this delicious sandwich.  It was that good, if it a special when you come here I highly recommend you order it.
The linguine with artichokes and spinach was not great.  The olives and red sauce overpower the pasta and are way too salty.  The ahi tuna burger was good..music was cool and had a good vibe.
Wow! Stopped in while driving by Binghamton because of other reviews... Lost Dog Cafe is definitely a destination for locals and travelers alike!! Salads were fresh, the balsamic dressing was a contender for some if the BEST we have ever had!! Sandwich options are plentiful and equally delicious. We almost didn't get dessert, but were curious about the "Geisha"... we were so glad we tried it. Crispy, coated with cinnamon and sugar with a cream cheese filling, this dessert is amazing!! We will definitely come back the next time we are in the area!!
I found this restaurant on Yelp pretty quickly. It was open so we thought, why not. WE ARE SO HAPPY WE DID. We are truly convinced anything this place makes is out of this world. We had sandwiches and salads mainly but wow. Not your average sandwich, pretty awesome. Everything is very fresh and cooked to perfection. I had the quinoa salad and was so impressed they didn't use a bunch of oil or anything on the salad or veggies. Just plain and simple- how it should be! Thank you lost dog, WE WILL BE BACK ASAP!!!!!! Oh! and the sweet potato fries are unlike any you have ever tasted.
Great local spot.  Creative, healthy menu with a cool spin. Lots of locally sourced ingredients. Great beers.  Loved the BLT and cheese steak.  Nice staff and vibe.   Def will be back again.
OK, but not exceptional. I got the Ricky Ricardo with French Fries, which was supposed to be shredded pork; instead, got mostly thickly sliced ham with some pork chunks which were edible, but not particularly good. French Fries were very good. Prices were reasonable. Waitress was very friendly and attentive. Other customers' meals looked more appetizing than mine, so perhaps I just got a clunker. I would repeat, and try something else next time.
The atmosphere was cool, but the food was crappy. I had a burger,  it was soggy and the beead was atale. The artwork everywhere was a redeeming factor,  and the service was nice, but that didn't make up for the gross food.
The other Yelp reviews about Lost Dog Cafe are pretty spot on.  The positives include very fresh ingredients.  The soup and salad I had all used fresh vegetables (not frozen) and prepared just right.  The place has a hip vibe (there's a separate lounge behind the restaurant).  I would visit again if I'm back in Binghamton.
One of Binghamton's most popular options, and for a few good reasons. The first is that its location puts it pretty close to just about everything. No matter where you are in Binghamton, Lost Dog is a pretty viable option. It's also viable for almost any wallet size - the price is very reasonable when you consider the quality of the food. Now the menu can be pretty out-there, it's a very creative place. However, it does have a good mix of the down-to-earth and the new age and exciting. It also caters to most dietary restrictions. Most importantly (for me at least), the food tastes great - and dessert is not to be missed out on, even if the dessert menu's a little shorter than I hoped it would be. My only gripe would be the acoustics. The atmosphere is great (artistic and tasteful decor, a clean and friendly place), but every time I've been by, the place was LOUD. Admittedly, I'd normally visit at either dinner hour or at the point when many patrons have had a few drinks, but I found the sound to be a bit overwhelming.
In a larger city, this would be a three star restaurant, but giving it a bump up since it's one of the better places in Binghamton. They have a really diverse menu that I appreciate since it allows friends with different tastes to get dishes that they will all enjoy. They have your standard burgers and sandwiches, but my favorite item I've gotten here so far is the greek chicken. The serving size for that particular dish was pretty large, but was still able to finish it since I was really hungry. Their chocolate desserts are pretty solid as well.  Good place to go with friends or visiting parents.
Always forget to try this when in town and finally remembered. Glad I did. Fun atmosphere, nice space. They make Italian sodas, which I love (pricey tho $3.50 for a squirt of syrup in club soda) We Had shrimp special w sriracha and Thai peanut drizzle, and bacon jam tenderloin - both good portions and quality, very tasty. I plan to go again and try more. The red mango curry sounds divine.
Started off with a great top shelf margarita, nice! Bartenders pick..., split pea soup, yummy! Just creamy enough add a but of salt and pepper, spot on. Side salad good, not big on garbonza beans but dressing was good ranch is made in house. Now for the main course, chicken bayaou is a penne pasta with a medley of peppers cook with the crisp still there and a cheesy Alfredo sauce. Seasoned great and is enough for two... Great prices and a great bar staff, very attentive. A lot of vegan and gluten free options this is a good place to make the norm.
Hands down, one of the best restaurants Binghamton has to offer. First off, it really is great atmosphere. Whether you're looking to sit down for a few hours to get some work done or hang in the lounge on a Friday night, the restaurant offers something for everyone.  The food is always delicious and fresh. I also have tried some of their drinks and they are always very yummy. Definitely would recommend this restaurant. I
Was in Binghamton randomly one weekend and looking for a place to eat. It can be disappointing coming from NYC and trying to find decent food in smaller cities. This place was great, though. I had the grass-fed burger with an awesome Mac and Cheese side. My companion had the prefixe for restaurant week. Everything was really solid. Then, we left a credit card and were out of town by the time we realized. Lost Dog management was very friendly and put the card in the mail for us right away. So, 3.5 stars for the food 4 for the ambiance but the service bumps it up to 5.
Pretty cool place was an interesting menu. Not what I was expecting in this neighborhood and very conveniently located across the street from the downtown DoubleTree. Unfortunately, my grass fed burger ordered medium came out more well done than a hockey puck, which is a shame for a nice grade of meat. The service was great and I'd happily give them another try some day if I'm in town, but I might scale down my temperature preference to account for overcooking... Good beer selection as well.
Came in because it is across the street from my hotel.  Sitting at the bar my glass of Cabernet Sauvignon is way warmer than it should be.  Ordered the Rigatoni A La Vodka with shrimp.  According to the barkeep this is their most popular dish.  The shrimp would have been way better if they were grilled and I couldn't help but taste fake cheese in the vodka sauce.  As in the Cheetos cheese flavor.  It wasn't overbearing but enough to turn me off. The bartender was nice enough, the atmosphere is fine and dandy and it's close enough to my hotel I might come back on my next trip.  However, I'll likely stick to beer and stay away from the vodka sauce.
It's hard finding good food when your driving on the highway. This was a quick stop off the highway... and we're so glad we stopped! Fresh ingredients and a nice variety of food options - including gluten-free, vegetarian, and vegan items. Kobe burger was good (despite being a little overlooked for my tastes), Cajun Ahi tuna sandwich was great, and sweet potato fries were AMAZING. Will be back next time we're passing through!
We stopped here for lunch and wish we were local so we could return! Cute, bohemian atmosphere, cheap drinks, great modern American food. The menu is a good mix of classic lunch fare like burgers and more inventive stuff like seared Tuna sandwiches. My Cuban sandwich was the best I've had in years and the coconut milk seafood bisque was a standout. My only criticism was the service: very sweet server but she did forget so many items that my party of three basically ate one after the other.
Loved it here. Gluten free options galore! Organic! Vegetarian! And for meat eaters there's delectable choices for you too. I had the curry vegetables with mango and rice. Delicious! I can't wait to return!
I will be back, will gleefully recommend to anyone who finds themselves in Binghampton, and will make a tradition of eating at Lost Dog Cafe on my annual trek thru NY state. This is a lively, artsy restaurant/cafe/tea house/lounge/bar. There's artwork all over the walls and they have indie music playing. Think Broken Bells Pandora station. I came here just in time for dinner service. My party ordered a berry baked brie appetizer, and for dinner the lost dog salad (basic greens, tomatoes, onions, garbanzo beans and carrots) with garlic ranch dressing, and their classic rigatoni dish. I'm reluctant to give a 4, 3.5 feels more like it. We had two standard dishes, but even for their simplicity, they came out promptly and weren't screwed up AKA we cleared our plates. I am giving the benefit of the doubt. BTW, the rigatoni wasss really good! Creamy, rich sauce with cayenne pepper kick. Best part? All of this was ~$40 with tip. We also ordered two loose hot teas. Yes, they serve loose tea here! ...but the waiter seemed unaware of intended brewing times when asked so I was left a little unimpressed. Why offer loose tea but take no heed of brewing time and temperature??? It's worth mentioning they distinguish between vegan, gluten free and organic food options here. The space is huge and they have 20+ tables, plus a counter and from what I could collect a lounge somewhere. Deep red, purple and blue-painted walls with a menagerie of custom wall decal art and framed paintings. The decor was tactful despite being funky and creative. There's limited street parking around the facility, but there's a large parking garage across the street. Make sure you look out for Lost Dog customer-only spots on the first level and regardless make sure you get your parking stub validated for free parking!
Ever since my freshman year of college, I've wanted to try Lost Dog. My friends hyped it up, so I really wanted to see for myself if it was as good as they said it were. And they were right. I love the Rigatoni Ala Vodka. The portion was pretty big and it was delicious! Definitely one of the best that I've had. I can't really say much about the service since I don't really remember. I guess if I don't remember, it means that it wasn't horrible nor outstanding. The wait time here can be brutal, but it's definitely worth the wait! I will definitely come here again in the near future.
Rigatoni Alla Vodka is INCREDIBLE!! Absolutely one of the best I've ever had.  I wish I could talk about more dishes from Lost Dog, but I always order this because it's so hard not to!!  It's perfection on a plate.  The sweet potato fried are also delicious!! I love the hipster vibe and quirky decor.  Everything is so colorful, yet the lights are pretty dim so it's not too overwhelming.  It makes for a really enjoyable atmosphere on a fun night out! The only reason it lost a star is because they don't take reservations.  This gets inconvenient during the weekends when the wait gets really long.  Good news?  There's an awesome cocktail lounge owned by Lost Dog right next door.  It has great drinks and a great place to hang out!  Though if your just looking to get food, I suggest off hours and weekdays.
I'm so torn on Lost Dog. I've been going here for a long time, and I have a soft spot for it. The ambiance is great, and when I have out of town guests I like the bring them here, because of that. A+ for that. The cocktails are wonderful and offer something for everyone. My biggest issue is with the food. It's not that it's bad, or that I don't like it, I always just feel like something is missing or off. The rigatoni ala vodka is wonderful, and my go to dish. Every time I've gotten something else though, I've never been 100% happy. I went to Restaurant Week this week and had a decent experience. I've been before (during RW and regular times) and had horrific service. When I go here, I make a point of going early, to avoid the crowd and wait that I know they have. Therefore being swamped can't really be an excuse for bad service. The waitress I had the other night was great - I didn't catch her name, but I usually see her there and hope I get seated in her section because I know she'll do a great job. So yeah, service can be hit or miss depending on who you have as a server and when you go. The food I got during RW was the artichoke/spinach dip for an app, grilled mahi with gazpacho salsa over rice, and flourless chocolate torte. The app was good, but it could have been a little warmer. The mahi was a good concept, and for the most part I liked it. But, little things made it not work as well as it could. The fish was slightly on the overcooked side. The gazpacho salsa was a good idea, but I think it would be killer if it was made in the summer time, when tomatoes are in season and more flavorful. This just lacked a little oomph, and the tomatoes were a bit watery and mealy. The rice was also a little bit watery. So overall, it was good and I liked it, but little adjustments or tweaks would make it outstanding. The torte was good and the perfect size to add a sweet touch to the end of the meal. I wish I could rate this a little higher, and maybe I'll adjust my rating in the future. I don't know, maybe I'm being too hard on them, but I just think they have the potential to do better.
Delicious food.  I had the cheese steak!  So good! Appetizer was served almost immediately after ordering it!  Friendly service, short wait even on a Friday night, and lots of gluten free menu options.  A great experience I highly recommend to anyone.
Sure, there are wacky menu options.  Sure, it is a popular local place, and maybe it is even one of the better places in the area.  But great food this isn't, unless we caught them on a bad night. My kids ordered a steak medium rare to split.  It wasn't.  It also wasn't seasoned.  It kind of tasted like salmon.  Not sure how they did that... My wife liked her food, but she's happy with almost any vegetarian food, so she can't be trusted.  I tried her salad (can't remember exactly what it was), and it was decent, but not something I'd go out of my way for. My dish was so forgettable that I did just that. The atmosphere was nice, though we were seated in kind of a bad location.  Service was OK. Best of all, our car was still there when we left.  Normally I try to avoid parking in garages that smell like urine, but there didn't seem to be other options nearby.   Yelp, please let me rate things as 2.5 stars -- this place is perfectly average.
Awesome eclectic atmosphere and super good food and drinks! They had a little trouble accommodating our growing (6 then 7 then 8 person) party but we know we were being the picky ones, not them.  If I'm ever back in the area ill def be back for the Brie and Berry sandwich - sooo good!
Cute place! Definitely make sure to hit up the lounge in the back. They have some of the most fun drinks I've ever seen. I ordered that 1 Fish 2 Fish- blue raspberry martini with Swedish fish floating in it! Loved it! The restaurant has great food and they were able to accommodate our large party. If you're ever in Binghamton, NY definitely hit up Lost Dog.
Lost Dog Cafe is one of my all-time favorite places in Binghamton. Every time I got I get something different and am never disappointed. The service is usually great and I love the atmosphere. I wish I could remember specifics of something I ate there for a better review but it's been almost a year since I went last but next time I am in Binghamton I'd definitely go back!
Um delicious. Went with friends who had the pasta, a cheese steak, and the greek chicken.  All were very good.  Drinks from the bar/lounge area are crazy good as well.   Just be warned you can have to wait for a table at times.
The dinner was well prepared and cooked. The choices were funky and everything sounded good. Service was consistent and he was easy to get yet did not hover. All over great meal. Casual atmosphere. Dinners were $13-20. A bit less for sandwiches.
I've been living in Binghamton for almost 6 years now and being a total foodie, I've had my fair share of local eateries. I've accumulated a list of top 5 favorite restaurants in Binghamton and on this list is Lost Dog. Lost Dog is the restaurant I would bring my family and visiting friends to; it has good service, good atmosphere and most importantly, great food. Some of my favorite entrees are the Ahi Tuna Burger, Rigatoni Ala Vodka (Old School), Greek Chicken, and the Parmesan Sage Crusted Chicken. Another specialty of theirs is the alcoholic drinks. In the back of the restaurant there is a lounge where people can socialize and have a good time. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone for any sort of occasion.
Always get great food here. I love that they had loose tea and a great place to come and get on my computer or come with a friend. I need to come here more often. The drink menu is awesome too.
A few years ago we were visiting a friend in Binghampton and when he asked if we'd like to go out to eat, he said "well, there's like one place that you would like" and brought us here. Fast forward 4 years and i find myself in Binghampton again, this time heading to a bridal shower. I would have completely forgotten this little gem had it not been for that shower - and all the memories came flooding back in! The decor is the quintessence of eclectic and the images of that lost little dog everywhere just crack me up. I don't remember my meal from 4 years ago but i do remember liking it, and the food we had at the shower was fantastic - which i think says more than a dinner, because banquet food is always, always, always worse than real food. The event room in the back was really cute and bright and the staff was super friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place for anyone throwing a small-ish event in the area, because they did a fabulous job.
The atmosphere is great.  Location is convenient to the Doubletree right across Water St.  We went on a Thursday night about 9pm early October and were immediately seated.  I have been there on a weekend and had to wait. Drinks were tasty, but the food, meh.  I had a special with pork loin roast over pureed yams.  Yams were great, but the pork was a little dry.  My husband tried the Cajun Beans and Greens.  Very disappointing.  The added chicken rubbery and tasteless.  The broccoli was frozen not fresh. Go for the drinks, bar atmosphere, and people-watching, not the food.
Great atmosphere and food If you're looking for a great spot for a date in downtown Binghamton this should be your #1 choice. The food is excellent, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is perfect for a date, lunch, or dinner. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu but definitely try the sweet potato fries on the side of whatever you end up getting. Sandwiches are great for lunch and the penne a la vodka is great for dinner. They have a few specialty drinks and each of them that I have tried have been good. Don't pass this place up.
The first place I visit in Binghamton and it's a home run. The Lost Dog Cafe is an awesome place.  It's got a great layout and a fantastic bar staff.  The menu is improvisational, daring and their food execution is stellar. Sitting at the bar, I noticed day of the dead dolls, buddhas and glowing bulbs as the decorations.  I sipped The Lost Dog hoppy pale ale made by Southern Tier just for them.  Life was good. For dinner I had the Sag Paneer (that's how they spelled it).  It was not traditional but very tasty.  My mouth detected a lingering burn from spices used.  I would have liked more pieces of paneer and some naan but those are minor complaints. We ended up going back the next day for lunch (we were in town for a wedding)  This time I had their falafel sandwich (with fresh tomatoes, cucumbers and tzatziki sauce on pita)  So delicious.  I went with the side of sweet potato fries which were the best I've ever had.  Someone in that kitchen sold their soul to make them that crispy. It's like this place was plucked from South Philadelphia and dropped in Binghamton. Oh, and I bought a t-shirt.  Yeah, I'm that guy.
Oh Lost Dog...I used to visit you when we were both totally naive young kids - back when you were in that garage on Main Street and I was still in high school.  We took our first steps towards sexual maturity together - you moved into that hip renovated space on Water Street and I turned 18.  We went through our mid 1990's/edgy/hipster phase together as you became a trendy hot spot and I went off to college - I visited as often as I could.   But now, how many years later, I have grown and matured and travelled and experienced and you...well...haven't.  You are still hanging out with the same people that you went to high school with, the same hairstyle, the same clothes...Oh, you've grown up a little, you are drinking age now with your full bar and happy hour specials.  You recognize class and from time to time have some great live music (truly - Ayana Del Valle's performances are not to be missed).   I'm sure I'll still see you from time to time - like when I'm in town and Antonio's is closed - but we won't have much to say to each other and I will leave feeling unsatisified, a little nostalgic and knowing that despite some fond memories I have moved on.
I have SUCH mixed feelings about this place - because my experiences have been so inconsistent.  I am torn between 2 and 4 stars because sometimes, their food is just perfect and better than you expect.  Their desserts are also very good (this has been consistent). But other times, they give you a COLD burger bun and call it ciabatta (and they stick by this, I tried to send it back).  There are little flies hanging around, and everything is just bleh. While other times, the food and the entire restaurant come alive. I do not find myself ever really craving their food or even desserts.. Lost dog, you confuse me.
as if this place needs another stellar review... but i'm leaving one! been here a bunch already and have yet to be disappointed. lost dog means to me: burger + lost dog ale + carrot cake. can't guarantee anything if you stray from this magical equation for dinner success, but it has yet to fail me! bon appetite!
Everything was amazing from start to finish!! Great drinks, quality food, and excellent service. Atmosphere is also amazing!! Definitely recommend!! You won't be disappointed.
An urbanites paradise in downtown Binghamton. Funky decor (interesting art, chinese lanterns, abstractly painted tables). Unique menu items (, Rasberry iced tea,  BBQ pulled chicken sandwhich - AWESOME!) This restaurant is emblematic of the type of place every downtown wants. The type that is rare in smaller urban areas, and that should be fully supported by the community. I've been there twice, for lunch and dinner. Both were amazing. Highly recommend the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. The chicken Muffullata wasa tasty, but doesn't hold a candle to anything coming out of New Orleans. Sweet potato fries are great. Glad to see Guiness on the drink menu.   Needless to say, I definitely plan on making Lost Dog Cafe a regular stop on the restaurant circuit. Check it out. You'll love it. -----------Update 9.22.07-------------------- Been in Binghamton for nine months now. I can safely say that The Lost Dog Cafe is my favorite restaurant in the area. I wouldn't say that it has the best food in all of binghamton, but it has the best casual dining experience in my opinion.
I went here with my girlfriend. This place is quaint in the heart of downtown Binghamton. It's a cool spot to come when they have deals during restaurant week. But if you are planning to do this, plan to wait. The place always seems to be crowded.  However, the food is really good here. I got the rigatoni alla vodka. I thoroughly enjoyed my dish and have since been back and had it again. My girlfriend ordered the deconstructed chicken pot pie which she also really liked. The place during restaurant week has good deals, so I am not exactly sure if it would be considered pricey or not. That said, it is well worth it. Service was fine. I like the Lost Dog Cafe.
Lost Dog Cafe in Binghamton, please forgive me, my apologies for my long absence! I've been to the LDC in Ithaca several times in the last two years and I am not enamored with it.   Alas, I met a friend for dinner at the LDC in Bingo last night and rekindled my love with the Lost Dog!   I ordered the Cous Cous and Grilled Veggie salad with grilled chicken and the mango ginger vinaigrette.  It was a fantastic melding of fresh, earthy flavors.  As I sipped my after dinner coffee, I had a bite of my gal pal's carrot cake...gluten free, dairy free carrot cake heaven!   Lost Dog, we have reunited!  I can't believe I was away for so long!
Oh Lost Dog how I love (and miss) you. While I went to BU, Lost Dog was my go-to restaurant for an amazing meal. Now that I live in Syracuse, I frequently find myself yearning for Lost Dog's cozy atmosphere and unbeatable food. The sun-dried tomato dip is always great and whenever I went, someone in the group had to get the rigatoni ala vodka (try it "old school" with cayenne). Maybe it's because I went to dinner here so much but Lost Dog just has an indescribable homeyness for me that I haven't found anywhere else. I think the world would be a better place if there were more restaurants like Lost Dog...
The Lost Dog is a favorite among locals, students and visitors alike. Seriously, I don't think I've ever heard anyone say anything negative about this place. Except for my mom. She thinks the decor is cheesy. I think it gives the place character. I don't really know how to explain the menu, because the restaurant really has a lot of variety in terms of cuisine. However, you will not be disappointed with anything, and I mean ANYTHING, that you order. If you order any of the "ethnic" type of dishes, you can be rest assured that you will still enjoy the taste, since the flavors aren't shockingly overwhelming and instead, are generally easy on the palette. I've been to this restaurant quite a number of times, and I've gotten something different every time. That being said, I always look forward to my meals here and don't think twice when someone suggests going there. This place is truly a gem and it never disappoints! TIP: Ask for the chef specials of the day, if they are not given to you when you order. The specials are usually a one day special, but they are ALWAYS a hit!
A funky, quirky atmosphere, friendly service and great food.  I have never had a bad meal here.  Especially good, in my opinion, are the rigatoni alla vodka and wagyu burger.
I have been coming here since they opened. Just a wonderful place to be. Always innovative , unique,  fun and changing. Perfect for a lite lunch Try the Shroom burgerless burger. Portobello  pepper jack cheese, olive oil relish, garlic mayo and lettuce on a just perfect not to heavy hard roll. Try Lunch homemade Mac N cheese when you are in need of comfort!!! Awesome evening service...live entertainment  on weekends, bar lounge, great staff and a menu that appeals to many life styles and taste buds alike. Fun drinks at the bar. Organic and health conscious. Voodoo tofu... Mashed jalapeño sweet potatoes Sautéed mixed veggies & organic greens with almonds and goat cheese Vodka penne All 5 stars
Before heading home after a trip to Finger Lakes, I had to drop by Binghamton and oh how the downtown changed! So we went here for lunch and it was overall okay. I had the steak sandwich which was okay and G had the Penne in vodka sauce which was good but not the best. The service was great but the food wasn't anything outstanding. I was disappointed with the coffee for it reminded me of Starbuck coffee and I am not a fan of it...couldn't even finish it. Which becomes a double disappointment - I read their story behind the Lost Dog cafe...
Great place for lunch or dinner. Slacker bohemian vibe. I immediately feel like a hipster when I walk in the place. Great coffee and desserts and the Rigatoni ala Vodka is to die for. The menu is not incredibly diverse but they have many options that appeal to vegans and vegetarians, so it's an excellent place for those of that persuasion. Beer tap selection is mediocre but passable. Lost Dog is what I'd call a versatile place. You can go there for coffee, hang out at the bar and have a drink, go there for a nice dinner with a large group of friends, or have a really nice dinner with your significant other for a special occasion. Highly recommended.
This place has a cool interior, I love how they've decorated it! The staff (minus our waiter) was friendly and prompt. Our waiter, let's call him Tag, was grumpy and insisted my ID (from Indiana) was a fake because there's a sticker on it. When I told him it was not and I was 27 he replied with, "I'm 32, but I know the law" and then proceeded to bring me the wrong drink anyway and not card my husband. It was weird. Waiter unpleasantness aside, get the salmon! The corn and black bean succotash is tits, as is the sweet potato mash. If you're not a fan of jalapenos, no worries, they're more of an accent to the potatoes. The food was really good. We went back with my parents at a later date and didn't have Tag as our waiter but a seriously peppy and friendly chick who was prompt and capable. Visit this place, you won't be disappointed! (Just be prepared to have multiple IDs if you're unlucky enough to score Tag as your waiter...)
I frequented this restaurant more times than I can remember during college.The atmosphere is eclectic and refreshing. The only problem I ever encountered was the lack of parking in the area, especially with the popularity of this place. The menu is extensive but not so much that it's overwhelming, which I find very frustrating about many restaurants these days.  I also like that they have gluten free and vegan options on the menu that are clearly labeled.  The Voodoo Ahi tuna sandwich with mac and cheese on the side was the single greatest meal I ever ate in Binghamton. If you get nothing else at the Lost Dog Cafe, seriously-try the mac and cheese. You won't regret it. The molten chocolate lava cake is divine, and the coffee drinks are also delicious. Other dishes my friends recommended/I dabbled in occasionally: -Bangkok Shrimp-seriously good appetizer, sauce is perfectly balanced between sweet and just a hint of spicy -Rigatoni Alla Vodka -Parmesan Sage-crusted Chicken sandwich -Amore pasta
Props to a co-worker of mine for recommending this place! I didn't even know it was there until he turned me onto it. I caught a late lunch with co-workers here and now have a new Binghamton favorite! The food is terrific! No one at the table had complaints. We all shared the Avocado Goat Cheese dip for an appetizer. Dude, I didn't even know that you can make Avocado Goat Cheese dip, LOL! Where was I? It was wonderful and kind of reminded me of guacamole, but much tastier. For my meal, I had the Chicken Muffalletta with Sweet Potato Fries. Perfection! The garlic mayo on the sandwich I think gives it that extra punch. I had the herbal iced tea which was really good and I didn't need to sweeten it in any way. It's great just as it comes out. The decor of the place is awesome. I love the big Chihuahua painting in the back, very adorable. I didn't get to work the bar, but from the patrons sitting there, they seemed to be enjoying everything. I look forward to my next Binghamton trip and will be back at Lost Dog asap!
Great food and service. I had penne ala Vodka.  Huge plate of food.  Definitely try it.
Lost Dog, Lost Dog, Lost Dog! I loved this place when I was in Binghamton, and so did all of my friends.  It was a hip, fun hangout, and the food was good and not overpriced at all.  My roommate was the only person I ever met who despised this place, and it wasn't for the ambiance - she just disliked the food.  But then again, my roommate was an extraordinarily picky eater.  She was a very wonderful person, but she subsisted on gnocchi, won tons  - fried, never boiled - and potato knishes during college, so maybe it wasn't any wonder that she didn't like Lost Dog very much. My college friends and I used any excuse we possibly could to come here. ("It's Friday/Saturday/raining/April in Binghamton?  Let's go to Lost Dog!")  N.B.: April in Binghamton is never to be confused with April in Paris.  April in Binghamton just means it's raining.  Again. I remember loving the rigatoni alla vodka at Lost Dog.  Lost Dog is the reason I became addicted to that stuff.  I'd never had it before I ordered it there. The salads were good, and many people I knew loved the vegetarian dishes.  They are a very vegetarian friendly joint, perhaps even more so since there are few vegetarian joints that grace the Binghamton dining scene.  The variety and quality of the dishes are quite good, and I always left full and impressed.   It's worth noting that the lunch menu differs from the dinner menu (at least it did when I was a patron), and is more soup-and-sandwich than actual entrees.  Also I was sad to read, via a previous reviewer, that Lost Dog has gotten rid of the couches.  The couches were great!  They added a fun ambiance to the restaurant and were a perfect spot to wait for your table when the restaurant was crowded, which it always was on the weekends. If I ever make it back upstate - Binghamton or Ithaca, because Lost Dog has an outpost high above Cayuga's waters - I'll swing by Lost Dog.  No trip to the Southern Tier is complete without a stop at Lost Dog.  There aren't that many quality dining options in this part of the state, and Lost Dog really delivers to those people looking for a warm, friendly, well-prepared meal.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I've been here with my husband and found it was really nice place to sit and have a drink / date with him. It's light and airy and relaxed. It feels a lot like some places we used to go to in the city. I've also been with friends and had something to eat (the food is amazing), I especially like their artichoke dip. AND I've been in here just me and my 3 yr old son. The comfy chairs and tables around the windows were perfect for us to sit down at whilst he played with his toy cars and I enjoyed a quick drink and an unwind on the way home from a long day out. Great food, good beer & guiness, great atmosphere. I would definately recommend the lost dog. I've never been on a night when they have music there but friends of mine have been and have recommended that I should go with them next time so I'm thinking thats good too.
Positives: atmosphere is unique compared to most restaurants in Binghamton. Tons of people around you, and the decoration reminds me of one of my favorite NYC bars : cubbyhole. Negatives: you can't get enough of their food!!!! The wait it nuts!!!!!! I tried the rice with scallops which was amazing. Rightly seasoned and not a completely overwhelming amount of food. My friend had curry which looked really good too (sadly I didn't try any but she looked really pleased). I've been to their lounge a couple of times for jazz band and open mic. The beer selection includes a lot of IPAS and Lost Dog's own signature beer which is ridiculously good!!!! They also have vegan/vegetarian options!!! After I visited lost dog, I turned into a lost dog!
Restaurant Week, yum yum. Long wait but the lounge was a nice spot to chill. Great wait service, delicious food. Really large portions - I ate half my entree and took the rest home. I tried or had the baked Brie, sundried tomato spread, the Chana masala, the rigatoni a la vodka, the salmon, the pumpkin cheesecake, and the flour less chocolate torte. Everything is amazing. Returned for lunch during restaurant week in April 2014 and had another great meal, though not as fabulous as the last couple times I've visited. For an app I had the salad which was great and a taste of my friend's tomato pepper soup which was good but a little too red-peppery tasting. I got the fish tacos for my entree; they were great but the tortillas were really bland and boring, just plain white tortillas that weren't toasted or anything. I tried the pulled pork as well which was downright epic, wish is gotten that instead. Dessert was the best part - chocolate cinnamon cake. I also had a bite of the Oreo stuffed brownie which was a brownie-cookie-Oreo concoction, pretty good.
What a nice little surprise!  I was moseying around Binghamton on business and headed toward their local "brew-pub" (which was closed on the night I went), and came across this little gem a few steps away. This little gem had a plethora of vegan and vegetarian options to satisfy any pallet.  The decor was trendy with almost a diner-ish twist. The service was overly accommodating and friendly. I can't wait to go back when there on business again!
Hands down the best restaurant in Binghamton. Food: De-ricious. Service: Shweet. Come here.
I revisited the Lost Dog this past weekend for dinner with my wife. It was the first time I had been there to eat in years. Man, did I enjoy it. We started with the Baked Brie and Apple Chutney appetizer. Very tasty. We then both had the Parmesan Sage Crusted  Chicken sandwich. The sandwich has grilled asparagus, sun dried tomatoes,  and smoked Gouda. I honestly could not believe how deliciously it was. I also try the Black and Tan. The make it using Yuengling   and Guinness and it was pretty good. I really enjoyed my visit there. The service was good and I really enjoy the atmosphere there. My only negative of the night was that the men's room was out of paper towels! I look forward to going back and trying some of their entrees.
Driving through up-state New York this place was a big, positive surprise. Salads and lunch entrees were very good.   And dessert (flourless chocolate cake) was fantastic.  Highly recommended.
The first and third wednesday of each month they have a jazz jam where local musicians can play with the "Miles Ahead" jazz group.  The Lost Dog has other musical events as well.   lostdogcafe.net/binghamt… The food is pretty good too.  I've gotten the voodoo ahi chicken sandwich, which has a kick to it.  The size of the chicken breast was a little thin but this was made up in flavor.  With this meal I got a side salad, which had fresh romaine lettuce, cucumber, tomato, and onions.  I've also gotten the Israeli couscous salad.  This is one of the few places you could get a nice veggie hippie dish.  It was really good, and contained eggplant, zucchini, scallions on a bed of mesclun lettuce.  Yum.   I've gotten the raspberry lemonade which is sweet and wonderful.  The hot chocolate's good too,  very rich.  They have a fried cheesecake dessert which is good for obvious reasons.
Amazing.  I ordered the Voodoo Ahi Tuna sandwich with a side salad and was blown away.  The best part of the meal?  The lime-chili dressing.  Seriously, I was blown away.  Prices are really quite fair, but comparable to what someone might pay in Manhattan.  I wonder if the Lost Dog Cafe is considered expensive as far as Binghamton is concerned? My dining companions ordered the steak sandwich and fresh mozza ravioli, which was on special.  Although I didn't try the steak sandwich, it looked and smelled delicious, though I'm sure it's through the roof on calories.  The ravioli was out of sight, with spinach and a creamy sauce that blended a number of rich flavors. But it was freezing inside.  With as much as they're charging, you'd think they could afford to turn the heat on.
More of an artsy upscale restaurant than a "cafe".   Decor and atmosphere is outstanding, with a high ceiling-ed brick interior nicely decorated with quality local artwork.   Interesting lighting  and choice of materials throughout make it really one of the nicest looking restaurants in town.   This place manages to be both "upscale" and "casual" at the same time. Food is delicious and highly varied - something for all tastes.   They have a small bar in the restaurant, serving interesting wines and drinks.  While they have a small number of craft beer offerings, unfortunately I think they could have done better in that department, considering the artistic attention to detail in all other areas (food, decor, wine, artwork, service, etc).  They actually run the 'Lost Dog Cocktail Lounge' across the hallway, which has an excellent beer selection, but I don't think you can order those beers for your table in the restaurant. A little pricey, and sometimes the food offerings are a little too eclectic for my tastes, but still a very nice place to spend with a friend for lunch or dinner.
One of the few places in town I can eat with my dietary restrictions. Love the atmosphere and the 'Glass Corset Martini' !
The lost dog cafe- me gusta mucho. First off their menu is totally killer for any health nut. Vegetarian, vegan and I think even organic dishes are offered. The smoked ravioli was an amazing idea and uber delicious. My only criticism would be that they were too many sliced olives left on the plate-I can over look that in the comparison to the big picture. Another negative was that we had to wait an hour for a table. But given the factors: Saturday night, popular place in Bing, Binghamton alumni week, I can dismiss the wait. I recommend this place to anyone, the menu is definitely fit for any eater's palate. OH and another plus: the wait staff is super helpful and very sweet.
Great place to go if you want to focus on talking with your fellow patrons. There are no TV's and they were dropping hit after hit  on the background music. Very nice wine list and some good craft brews on tap. The food was good. I had a couple of the soups here during my visit and they were all great. Place was very Gluten/Vegetarian/Vegan friendly with ample offerings for all dietary preferences. There dessert menu was killer as well. We got the Good PMS and although I have never experiences actual PMS I can imagine I would want it to be like this...
My favorite hang out place when there was nothing to do at night in college town Binghamton.  I love the coffee/lounge/dessert/dinner atmosphere.  Binghamton definitely lacks a hangout place like this one.   I had good memories here!
I was greeted by the hostess with a frown on her face as she tried to seat me at the very end in a close to empty dining room (just opened) by a window with the sun gleaming in. I quickly noted that I wanted a seat which wasn't in the sun. The response was "no problem". So far, the hip atmosphere makes up for the LACK of friendliness. I ordered the chix brie sandwich w/ a side mac that was just put on the table... Very good. NICE place for the area & reasonably priced. Seems to be a good popular lunch place with the locals. I'm giving this place three stars based on service, food quality, and price..  four if they greeted me better.
Very chic looking restaurant, with an interesting and wide ranging menu.  The food is good, but not great.  The staff friendly, but slow. It seems to get crowded on the weekend with young hipsters.  A fun place to grab a drink or a bite.
Found this place on Yelp while traveling through NY State. Very lucky to have stumbled upon it! We had to wait for about 20 minutes for a table for four, but the lounge area was great so we hardly minded the wait. Food was delish! I recommend the baked brie appetizer! I also had the Black Jack Cheese Steak which was cooked to perfection and so good! Other people in my party also enjoyed the Voo Doo Tuna sandwich and the Amore dinner. I really enjoyed the Mashed Jalapeno Sweet Potato as my side!
The service is incredible, first of all. Countless times, friends and I have tried to take pictures, for example, and our waitress would run up and ask to take a picture for us. It's a simple action, but it makes a huge difference. The staff is quick and friendly. They're just awesome. I should probably stop talking about the staff. The food is amazing. The parmesan crusted chicken sandwich is amazing. Penne a la vodka is their most famous and once you try, you'll know why. Basically, you can't go wrong with your order. Try the brie as an appetizer! I haven't had drinks yet there, but I've heard the drinks are great. Also, the whole place's decorations are great and unique!
Stopped here for lunch on our way to Ontario.  It was a bit of a detour from I-81, but well worth it, considering that the only other options closer to the interstate are your typical fast-food fare.   The sandwiches were very gourmet, offering ingredients like sun-dried tomatoes, roasted red peppers, olive relish, garlic mayo, gouda, and chopped asparagus spears soaked in balsamic vinegar.  In a word, delicious.  Regrettably no one in our party substituted their side for the sweet potato fries (+$0.75), but the mac and cheese was tasty. That said, the wait between ordering our food and receiving it was over a half hour,  less than ideal for motorists looking to make check-in. Also, the famed Rigatoni Alla Vodka was a bit salty for our tastes (and we love a little extra salt), while the steak sandwich (name escapes me) was very much on the bland side. The decor was interesting to say the least but charming, and the prices were reasonable.  If you're in the neighborhood, I definitely recommend a meal at the Lost Dog Cafe.
Still waiting for a table. Told me wait time was one hour and twenty minutes.  Has been two hours and not seated yet and hostess tells me no tables are available while people who came in after my party are seated and no one has reservations.
This is my favorite restaurant in Binghamton and its my go to for the weekend. I recommend coming to eat here for lunch or dinner because the food is cooked perfectly. They have an exquisite menu and have vegan and gluten free options as well. You also have to order a dessert! If you are too full by the end of dinner I would take the dessert to go, its worth it. The atmosphere also makes the experience even better with its artsy vibe and ambiance. The staff is friendly and the bar serves good drinks. The only downside is that they don't take reservations and its really hard to get seated during the weekend. There is usually a long wait but only because everyone knows that the Lost Dog is the place to be. I think they should expand to another location.
If you are female, just go here and be sex in the city. The food is all good, prices are moderate, atmosphere is airy. I just really can't stomach being in there. It was created by 3 artistic females, and it's not hard to tell. No hard feelings. We just can't be seen together from this point on.
In Binghamton for work and found this delightful little spot on Yelp. This is my third time and I'll definitely be back. Fresh, yummy well prepared food, lots of options for GF, vegans and vegetarians and meat lovers will be thrilled too. Don't miss the Gobsmacked cocktail - it's wonderful.
I give Lost Dog 5 stars because of the quality for where it is.  In a small town that does not offer many choices, Lost Dog has done a great job and offering a hip setting with pretty inventive cooking. Come here for people watching and the coffee, relax on their couches.  But if you get hungry, get a table and try the Chicken Muffaletta sandwich or one of their pasta dishes.  Baskets of fries are big so make sure you sure.
Vegan friendly!  Almost everything on the menu can be converted....I had a couscous salad with portabella mushrooms, amazing!  Even on a Wednesday at 3pm the place is hoppin'!   Only con I have is the service - a little slow, but worth the waiting!
Been to Binghamton several times and I wish I had known about this place from the beginning! Great relaxed atmosphere, nice downtown location, the server was excellent and the food is the best I've had so far! Everyone should definitely check this place out, even if it's just for a chai and some conversation. We ordered the chicken lemongrass potstickers, so yummy with the sesame dipping sauce. I also got the Thai Tofu which I wish had had a little more seasoning on it, but it's tofu, so it's to be expected. The pesto pasta was delicious as well. It's impossible to resist their delicious desserts, and the hardest part was picking just one! The PMS brownie had just the right amount of ice cream and nuts on it - mmmmmmmmmm! I will definitely come back to the Lost Dog next time I have the chance, and I recommend it to everyone else I know that is going to be visiting there. Support the Lost Dog!
Errr... in my opinion, Lost Dog is more of a 2.5 star experience, but I rounded up because it is one of the nicer places in good ol' Bingo. The food is good, but nothing to really remember. The desserts I have had (tiramisu and some brownie thing) were sub-par. Service is mediocre. However, it has really nice ambiance for Binghamton.
Not impressed.  I keep hearing great things about the food but have yet to experience a meal better than "meh.. it's alright" here.   The decor is cute, the waitstaff are nice and attentive, but the food just isn't good.   Frankly, I just don't get what all the hype is about (the beer selection is awful to mediocre to make matters worse.)
Oh no!  Raved about this place to my Dad and told him the pulled pork sandwich was to die for.  He came in while visiting my sister at Binghamton in March and was told that they were out of the pulled pork!  Obviously disappointed my Dad brushed it off and told the waitress he would be back at the end of April and will come back for the sandwich!  So a month goes by and we decide to take a detour and hit up the Lost Dog Cafe for some pulled pork.  We waited 45 minutes for a table on a Saturday night which was fine, busy means they're doing something right!  We sat down and were presented menus but the sandwich had been taken off!  Why take off such a delicious menu item.  This was their signature dish in my opinion, I know many others felt this way too!  We ended up leaving because that's the only reason we came in....kind of disappointing.....
This is my go to place in Binghamton...a bright spot in a gloomy town. The atmosphere alone makes this restaurant worth the visit. The wait staff is top notch, food is great, drinks are strong. They are willing to make most dishes as a vegetarian dish...so great to find in a small town. I loved the squash soup. It was great and flavorful. Their portions are huge, and the entrée salads are all great. The hummus appetizer is enough for dinner. My son is a huge fan of their steaks...they do a great job according to him. For dessert...creme brûlée...just do it!
In the area on business, but hate the chain restaurants. This is a great place if you enjoy vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, or organic meals. Although the menu options are fairly limited I still had a really hard time deciding what to get cause nearly all the options sounded quite appealing. Service was fast, prices reasonable, food was tasty. If I'm back in the area I'll likely stop back in Lost Dog Cafe!
Outstanding! Had a gluten free dinner, but Lost Dog has a great selection for GF, Vegan, or "regular" eaters. Great service from the front door to the wait staff and on! I visit every time I'm in the Binghamton area.
I just moved from Ithaca to Binghamton, and was entirely delighted that they had a Lost Dog cafe. The one in Ithaca closed down, and I was so sad when it did. Their food is outstanding. I don't like seafood, but their tuna sandwich is amazing. I don't like asparagus, but their herb crusted chicken sandwich is my favorite thing on the menu. Not only do they have good handy foods, but i highly recommend their pasta dishes. No matter what the meal, I usually leave with that warm, delicious happy feeling in my belly, and rosie cheeks if we get a bottle of wine. Beware of he desserts! They will make you want to try one of everything. As far as drinks go, they have a great selection of beers, liqueurs, and hot drinks for the nippy weather. They have good wine to go with your excellent meal too. Aside from the menu, the decor and atmosphere is colorful and energetic, but intimate. I've been there for several science cabarets and other group gatherings, and find it perfect for an entertaining educational experience. Everyone is usually friendly and responsive. I absolutely love Lost Dog, and highly endorse it to anyone who wants a cozy, energetic place to get a good sit-down meal with friends or special someone. A great place for date night that wont break the bank. Thank you Lost Dog. You're one of my very favorites
Fantastic food selection...great ambiance and really nice serving staff. We will definitely visit again.
Nice casual place! Great for meeting friends and grabbing a drink
On my way to Elmira, passing thru looking for lunch. Found this cool spot. Very funky interior excellent food and staff. Ahi Tuna Sandwich was perfectly done. Dinner menu looked interesting so I will keep it on the radar.
Food is good, drinks/cocktails are great! Lost dog is kind of the place to go in downtown Binghamton. I recommend going here because its a fun little place, with very good drinks/cocktails. The food however varies from time. I have gone and it was great and other times I went and it was just ok. Go to Lost Dog Cafe if you are looking for fun and drinks, but be prepared that the food is not always great. Still the staff is very friendly and very thing is timely. Also, it is a much better choice than a bunch of the restaurants in the area.
One of my favorite places in all of Binghamton.  Sooooo good.  Never let down. I had the cheesesteak with a side of Mac and cheese yesterday and it was really to die for.  Very good. No complains at all.
Great vibe inside. I got the Jalepino white bean soup and it was great. Got their special rock fish salad and it was weak...after talking to the bartender it seems like more of a drinking place than a place to eat...maybe I just picked a bad menu item. I'll give it a second chance next time I am in the area.
We go to Lost Dog every time that I'm in Binghamton. I always get the rigatoni a la vodka with shrimp and it's amazing! They have a larger and a smaller plate option, and the small is definitely enough. The prices are very fair and service is good. Their desserts are amazing also. They have really good fried cheesecake as well as a delicious chocolate dessert. I wouldn't get the creme brulee though, it was too sweet for me. There's always a long wait for a table, especially on weekend nights. So, make sure to call ahead.
This place is worth checking out.  I really like the building.   On the first Tuesday of every month they have something called the Science Cabaret whch seems interesting.  There is a decent seelction of beer too.
Excellent mixed drinks.  The special cream soda was exceptional.  Hummus was good, but the shrimp tempura was even better.  And the Rigatoni ala Vodka was so delicious and filling I didn't have room for desert.  They have a ton of vegetarian and gluten free options to fit pretty much everyone's pallet.
Lost Dog is amazing. There are ton of veggie options and their is a tremendous variety in their dishes. From Italian to Asian to Indian, it is all wonderful. The rigatoni alla vodka is to die for. Try it old schools style with some chili powder. They also have a wonderful tea selection. My only complaint is that it is a little pricey for dinner. Lunch is much more reasonable though. We always go here for special occasions.
Driving on our way up to Cooperstown NY on route 81, faced with the prospect of the golden arches of doom or chain pancake houses for lunch, we ventured into downtown Binghamton after finding this place on the ipad. Thank you Verizon. 2 minutes off the highway, and well worth it. Unusual & creative sandwiches, homemade soups, AWESOME sweet potato fries, veggie options. Apparently they have music and entertainment at night, and looks like a hangout for the abundant hipster/hippie/earthy element of central NY and the nearby SUNY college.  Could use a few more local beer choices, but can't complain too much, we were driving anyway, and Ommegang brewery was only an hour away.  Good local alternative for road food.
EHHHHHH.. i mean it's cool to have something slightly diff than all the chains around here but i feel like this place tries so hard and falls miserably short. the service is never anything above satisfactory, the food isn't always well prepared, and what the hell is the point of having that bar if you don't serve alcohol!? BOO! the only good thing i can say about this place is that they have one really great dessert...it's like sliced up deep fried pieces of blintzes with caramel sauce and ice-cream? it was a while ago.. might be forgetting or adding an ingredient... but it's the only thing keeping this at 2 stars.
Best food in Binghamton
Love the Lost Dog, it helped me live in the Binghamton area for 8 years...great mix of people...and great food.  Rigatoni Al A vodka was my favorite.  Glad they are expanding...best of luck and I will stop in next time I am up that way.
Lost Dog Cafe is definitely a gem in Binghamton. Every Binghamton college student needs to dine here before they graduate. I try to come here at least twice a month. Everything I've ordered here has been satisfying. The wait here when crowded is usually about 15 minutes but it's definitely worth the wait. The sandwiches especially the Cuban is succulent! Dessert here is decent, the lava cake is always a safe bet! The price is good for the quality of the food.
On a college tour through Penn and stopped for dinner seeing the good reviews and I can certainly can see why! Delicious food! I had a chicken sandwich and my friends had two specials, scallops and a soup. They both loved them. The atmosphere is nice and service was wonderful. Food came out very fast!  I would strongly recommend saving room for desert. The "Good PMS ( perfect mexican Sunday)" was out of this world an so was the carrot cake.  If you are ever in the area check this little gem out! You will not be disappointed!
excellent food! i hold my food to a high standard (much to the disappointment of my roommate) and don't like to eat at a lot of places in binghamton, but the lost dog blew me away! the butter nut squash ravioli was fantastic, as was the curry and the amore! the service was great, a bit of a wait but completely worth it. the decoration is pretty awesome, and its the BEST place for a date, mood lighting and all. they have live music too! go when theres jazz though, not folk!
Awesome atmosphere and good food. Many vegan and gluten free options - the vegan deserts were especially delicious!
My family and I had a wonderful meal at the Lost Dog Cafe over the holidays.  Our server was great, and our meals were excellent.  The Shrimp Adobo dish was a hit, as well as the butternut squash ravioli which was on special the night we were there.  What a great find!
::SIGH::: I think I was living in a bubble until my senior year at SUNY because this is yet ANOTHER place I didn't know about until my senior year.    One of the best restaurants in the area.  I remember for an appetizer we use to get a spinach and cheese dip which was sooo tasty and they had a lot of pastas, sandwiches salads, meat dishes.... I can't remember anything imparticular but there were never any complaints when we came here... better then the usual Applebee's, TGIFridays, and Olive Garden.  Service was always friendly and relatively quick.
The drinks are good - I love their herbal iced tea, and they have a good beer list. The desserts are amazing, especially "the Geisha", a portion of fried cheesecake bites with caramel, raspberry, and chocolate dipping sauces. But I find the entrees to be very hit-or-miss. I had one of the most disappointing caesar salads of my life there. The pasta dishes are generally better than the salads. Worth checking out, especially if you're looking for a vegetarian-friendly place.
I really liked the way everything is presented. The iced tea was made fresh and it was soo good. Lots of veggie options too, but I'm a fan of meat :}
Gluten Free options in Binghamton!?!  Why yes, they do at Lost Dog Cafe.  Overall....I think they over charge for all of their beverages, so they get docked a star for that.  I really like the feel of the place.
Had a great lunch at the dog. They make a great regular cheese burger there. They care about what they are doing in this place and it shows. Thank you.
The food here is AMAZING.  I can usually not afford anything more than an appetizer, which changes frequently.  One time I hit the jackpot, and had these fried ravioli with a cool creamy dill sauce - Amazing.  Just out of this world.  Their entrees, if you don't mind spending money, are always outstanding too, and it's probably the coolest-looking restaurant in Binghamton if you're judging interior decor, hands-down (now that Buffy's Burritos is no more, another restaurant for whom I mourn - those tacos were the best I've ever had).
Can you say penne ala vodka -- maybe they say rigatoni but its the only thing I order -- yuuuuummmmmmm!
I came in here yesterday with my aunt who was convinced I would adore this place, which I did!  I take off one star due to the incredibly slow service, though it was lunchtime on a Saturday.  I ordered a salad (it was the special, can't help you) and the green roiboos tea.  Both were delicious, though I think if I ever get a chance to go back I'll definitely go for the Red Bush tea.  I hope to visit here again when I am back in the area.
Definitely my favorite place to eat in Binghamton. A few good vegan options. I usually get the asparagus cakes, an appetizer but almost filling enough on its own. Great selection of drinks and teas, and on Mondays they have a nice discount on bottles of wine. Sometimes there is live music, like jazz or salsa, and that's kind of cool. Overall, this is always the first place I suggest when eating in Binghamton.
I am a little hard to impress especially when it comes to this city. Dying economy and poor citizens... Last place I want to be is anywhere near a cafe in this city, but I was satisfied with my meal. It wasn't first choice, but I am happy went there. I ordered the crispy crusted Parmesan chicken with Mac and cheese. While the Mac and cheese was a little too seasoned for my liking I actually enjoyed my sandwich. Next time I want to try the raspberry and Brie chicken sandwich.
I crave the the Blackened Chicken Salad on a regular basis. This place is trendy and fun. They recently expanded the lounge section near the bar and host live music a few weeknights a month. They don't take reservations, but it's worth the wait.
Overrated. The service is lousy and it's always packed inside that you usually wait 15-30 minutes. I went with a friend during their restaurant week and the pasta was so salty we couldn't even eat it.
Food is solid here. You should definitely get one of the sandwiches here. It's a great place to grab tea or coffee and sit down and study. It has this eccentric, sorta hippie vibe. There's lots of space to chat with a brunch of your friends.
Worth the trip from the thruway! Fantastic food and service. You MUST try the Rigatoni alla Vodka. The shrimp was plump and perfectly cooked - on a Thursday afternoon for lunch! You must try the Lost Dog!
Good food.  The atmosphere is unique and different compared to all other restaurants in the area.  They are always keeping up the decor with the time of year.  Wait staff is friendly.  Service can be slow during lunch or dinner prime times.  The always have really good specials and the types of food are unique for the area.
Lost Dog is a kind of restaurant you'd find in the East Village in Manhattan or Williamsburg, Brooklyn. It's kind of a yuppie restaurant with a small but tasty menu. Their burgers and entrees are tasty. I had out of towners come visit me in Binghamton. One was raised in the South and the other was from Oregon. They each had different kinds of burgers but they both raved about it even after they left. It was a great choice and has a menu that fits palates from all across America.
Service is great, great atmosphere too! Food is really good. My wife and I had the homemade Mac and cheese, as well as the BBQ brisket soup and the chicken and orzo soup! Great stuff!
Regarding the chana masala: it is pretty abysmal. It tastes nothing like authentic chana masala and is too lemony. Also very watery and just bad. Regarding the service: Pretty decent but nothing to write home about. The best thing about this place are it's sweet potato fries and mac and cheese. Overall, Lost Dog is REALLY overrated.
My wife and I stopped in late afternoon for lunch on a Saturday. It was relatively busy but not overly crowded. After looking up the menu online beforehand we were looking forward to trying the baked brie appetizer but discovered it is only available weekday evenings. Despite this initial disappointment our lunches were excellent. We both had the grass fed Kobe burgers ordered medium with cheddar cheese. The burgers were cooked to perfection and quite delicious, and the sweet potato fries were also very good. The service was attentive and friendly.
I've been to Lost Dog several times now and while I enjoy the ambiance everything else about the place is consistently disappointing. Today, even though I've had bad experiences before, I went for lunch with a friend. As usual, the wait staff was inattentive, slow and overall poor. The server (who I've had before and was terrible) messed up a drink order to start: one Pepsi one diet Pepsi. She brought the drinks but forgot straws. She even caught it, said she'd bring some but never did. Did I mention it took almost 10 minutes to even get the drinks? The restaurant wasn't very busy either. We eventually ran out of patience and got our own straws. She came back another 10 minutes after dropping off our drinks to take our order. We had to ask what the soup of the day was and if there were specials. She paused and read them out of her notes. Taking our order was half ok but she managed to tell me I couldn't order a side salad at lunch - but how come since I've had them before? The food, as always, is hit or miss. Today was more hit than miss (Greek chicken and Chicken Fajita). As we were on our last bite she finally came over to check on us after she disappeared for almost 15 minutes. Just one disappointed after another as usual with Lost Dog. They really need to get on their wait staff to make it a half decent dining experience. Perhaps I'm being overly critical - but I've had several years of server experience myself and I wouldn't have kept my job if I was as poor of a server as that.
I always have a great time when I go to the Lost Dog.  Just thinking about the sweet potato fries makes me salivate.  My boyfriend, who is a connoisseur of macaroni and cheese, absolutely raved about theirs.  I usually get a sandwich when I go - sometimes they're great, sometimes just okay but always interesting.  As a tea lover, I'm thankful for their more than expanded tea selection.   Mmm.  I'll be thinking about those sweet potato fries for a while.
Whenever my boyfriend and I are in Binghamton, we try to stop by here. We've never had a bad experience with the food and we get seated right away. I can't say much about the menu because it seems to be a bit different every time we go. This is not necessarily a bad thing because we have yet to be disappointed with our selections. They have a great drinks selection in my opinion--both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. Sometimes they have live music, so if you're looking for a quiet atmosphere then this might not be the place during those nights. I'm still in my 20s so this place doesn't make me uncomfortable, but I can picture it being too hip for my taste in the future.
The food at Lost Dog is always great, my only gripes are it's a little pricey and it kind of gives off a hipster vibe, and when I say that it's not awful, it's just a little bit of a downfall because its not the type of place I would take my parents, or really anyone over the age of thirty, simply because i think that they would feel out of place. As far as a place for me and my friends to go hang out for a casual meal it's great and I would definitely recommend it
The food is yummy, but the atmosphere is the reason why I love this place.  It's casual, but also stylish, in an old-fashioned, hippyish way.  They serve a good selection of beers and cocktails, and have live music sometimes.  Excellent for a date or an evening with friends.  Take your parents if they enjoyed the 1970s... they'll like the decor.
I've been here many times in the past decade. There was a definite down period when it seemed like they had trouble keeping up both the Binghamton and Ithaca locations, but in the past few years the Binghamton restaurant has gotten better again. If you or one of your dining companions has food restrictions (allergies, gluten free, vegan, etc) this is the first place in town that I'd recommend. The menu is what I'd call "American eclectic" -- it takes inspiration from a number of places (Europe, Asia, the Americas) but while the option are varied, nothing is so authentic as to scare off someone new to a cuisine. I like coming in in the off hours (it does get quite crowded for this town at peak times) and trying the special, and the tapas menu is fun for summer afternoons. There's certainly a "hipster" feel to the place, but overall it's fairly nonjudgmental. The atmosphere is a bit funkadelic, but again it's not going to scare people off. Staff are generally nice but sometimes clearly overwhelmed. I've never had a problem with service but I'm fairly easygoing. It's not a place to go for a major formal celebration, but it's a place to bring visiting parents, friends, or to have a birthday dinner with friends or to just have a night out. The most recent time I went, I ordered the cheese/avocado dip, the baked brie tapas, and the quinoa salad. Everything was satisfying; the dressing that the server recommended for the salad worked well, and everything came out quickly and at the appropriate temperature. These days, it's a reliable place to go to, especially if you've got a group of people who can't agree on a single restaurant.
I had gone here many times due to the unique look, good service, and the best hamburgers in town.  I think they changed the hamburger meat, though, and it is now very subpar.  I chalked it up to a bad night as the numerous other times I went like I said the hamburgers were the best in town, however,  in random conversation with a close friend he brought up the same topic that has me a little worried.  I hope it's not a cost cutting move as I'm sure people would pay more for the previous product.
I have a strict vegan diet with a lot of allergies, so I was very happy that Lost Dog Cafe was accomodating with allowing me to substitute quinoa for rice. They did charge me extra, which is a little bit annoying, but quinoa is usually a little more expensive than rice. The food was very good, generous portions. Their prices are a bit high, but the food is good quality and the atmosphere is great. I would go again if I were in the area.
I think this is the best place to grab a fancified bite in Binghamton.  The food is good and the space is very nice -- open, airy, with a loft feel and funky decor.  The lighting is perfect.  You'd swear you were in Berkeley, but I wish the prices were more like Binghamton.  I keep telling them their burger is more expensive than many of the burgers in Berkeley, but, that said, it is also every bit as good.  They have great coffee drinks, and allow budding artists to use their space to show their work.  Really great owners who care more about serving good food and being a part of the community than making money.  Diversity is appreciated here, so it is a very welcoming space.
I went here just recently with my friend and ordered the Edamame Dumplings. I asked that they put no oil in it and they had absolutely no problem with that. Even though everything was steamed, the sake ginger soy sauce gave all the flavor the dish needed on top of the already very fresh and flavorful veggies. I guess you really just have to specify what you want here explicitly and you will get it. We had a very friendly server too. She knew I was vegan so when she brought the bread she also brought me some vegan and gluten free rice crackers. My opinion of Lost Dog has definitely changed for the better! :)
This place is always a good idea and it's such a shame that I stared going here my senior year at BU.  Anyway, you absolutely can't go wrong with any of their specials or pasta dishes, or desserts for that matter.  In my experience I can probably count on one hand the number of times I had to wait for a table but that doesn't mean it can't happen. It's a really cute place, and I can definitely say I miss it.  Enjoy!
Great local eatery! Had the Koby steak and cheese sandwich. It was excellent. Many gluten free and vegan dishes and options to make entrees gluten free.
The Cajun beans and greens dinner was just average. The brown rice was underdone. Under-salted by far. But the loose leaf tea was a nice surprise.
I'd never been to Binghamton before and our hosts from the university took us here. I had the recommended rigatoni (good, if saucy) and the sweet potato fries (average). Funky vibe, nice wait staff.
This place is known for students at the University as a popular place to go to grab a bite. I came here with a group of friends for someone's birthday and overall it's an OK experience. The atmosphere is okay, and the people claim the restaurants vibe is similar to west village cafe junkies. In a way it's similar, but it definitely is way different from the cafes I've been to in the city. The service is okay, and like many others, it charges an 18% gratuity towards groups of 6 and more. The food is okay, but the prices are definitely pricey and not worth it for an upstate cafe compared to the city. Service is okay, but wouldn't come back again unless it's for a special event. I'm better off saving my money for something more authentic in the city.
Delicious!  At first glance, the portions seemed small, but I realized that the plate was just large.  The mac 'n cheese is amazing!
