We were on our way to Ithaca and decided to stop by in Binghamton. We read some reviews and decided to try this place. Well the location is not necessarily posh but.... The good is DAMN good. I have never had such food in US in last 14 years. The owner is so soft spoken and welcoming. Surprisingly they have home made - tawa roti. It is nearly impossible to find tawa roti in US except home. You have to try their daal and roti- it's amazing!!! We tried paneer matar as well and it's really really good. On our way back we stopped again and ate onion bhaji, malai kofta (super soft), daal, roti and chai. If you are ever passing by this place you have to try this places for it's food. I have never had such good food.
Me and my family were passing through this town and found this place on yelp. The service was good. They made it fresh to the order and addressed all my requests. If you are looking for some Indian food, it's worth trying. Nothing bad about this place.
OMG the garlic naan [$2.49]! Thank you Yelpers for recommending it. Piping hot and delicious. I had the Palak Paneer [$13] (like tofu with spinach sauce) and it was offered mild, medium, or hot. I like some heat and medium was just right. Neat selection of cold drinks in the case too. Got it To Go and was ready at 15 minutes like they said. Plenty of food for 2 meals.
Pulled off 81N to eat here. Chicken Korma and eggplant to die for! Needs better ambience. But if I lived here I would order take out once a week.
Truly superb Indian food. The garlic naan is incredible, especially when dipped in curry. Also had the lamb korma and mixed vegetables. Everything comes with rice and is so tasty!! Make sure to ask for your dishes to be less spicy - thank goodness we did or our mouths would have burned right off, ha.
This was one of the best Indian food we have had, and we are from the New York/New Jersey area. The service was amazing, we were provided with extra condiments and good sized portions of food. The goat curry was AMAZING. On our way back from a trip, we decided to let Yelp tell us which was the best Indian restaurant in town. If ever we are back in this area, we will definitely be back. Thank you for your hospitality and great food. Have a happy and healthy New Year!
We were staying in the area and thought some Indian food would hit the spot. Plenty of great choices back home in Chicago, so our standards are a little high... We read the reviews and gave them a call. Our table was ready and waiting with a pitcher of water : ) . The place is not fancy, so if you"re looking for atmosphere, order carry out. Our waiter was fantastic (and patient); his recommendations were excellent. The chicken tikka was worth the trip ; ) and the lamb vindaloo the most tender we"ve had. Iif you"re a light eater, the lentil soup with rice is a meal in itself. Amazing that the spiciness of vindaloo and soup were prepared to our liking! Would frequent this place often if we lived in the area. The owner is friendly and eager to please his customers.
I am updating my review because I now use their website to place on-line orders. This service is pretty limited in Binghamton, NY and I had a bad experience with a chain restaurant that has on-line ordering but the Taj is always READY on time with on-line orders. They have also started making homemade naan which is delicious- had the garlic variety and it was good even to the most Italian of palates! I added the star because it is consistently delicious and the on-line ordering is so convenient!
On the way to Toronto we got of the highway to have a lunch in a local place. After consulting yelp, we decided to stop by in this place. The food was fresh and delicious, the service was nice and pleasant. We highly recommend this place.
A tiny little place with amazing food and excellent customer service. We ordered take out and while we were waiting, the owner talked to us about the different ways of eating Indian food and gave us extra sauces to try. Our food was excellent - we had lamb tikka, chicken tikka masala, and paneer (cheese) tikka masala... All perfect in my opinion. Our group also had the homemade naan - plain, garlic, and onion. The owner takes great care of the little things - a separate menu just for vegetarians.. Double bagging the curries so they would not spill in our travels.. Very thoughtful in my opinion. I will definitely be visiting them again.
Absolutely delicious. The service was wonderful. The curry dishes were authentic. Everything is very fresh (esp. The naan and mango lessi). Would definitely come back to try more dishes!!!
i was assured that the (boneless) chicken byriani would be as fresh and authentic as that served in the Motherland... and I was not disappointed. delicious meal and huge portions- easily two feasts OR a feast for two! a very warm family runs this restaurant which only adds to the value. i'll def be back for more eats (especially a lassi... my true test)
I haven't had the gyros yet, but I can attest to the curries. I get an instant tongasm from everything that I eat here. So far, I've had the beef samosas, gulab jamun, lamb biryani, goat biryani. lamb curry, and chicken curry. Sauces provided include raita (yogurt), korma, [curry], and dahi chutney. The man that works behind the counter is extremely polite and I'm usually chatting with him until my order is ready. They do accept credit cards but there is a .50 cents charge if the bill is less than $10.
First time I went to Taj I was with a bunch of classmates doing a project. The food looked delicious, lots of things to choose from. The place was very small and pleasant. I'm in love with their falafels tho... Really really good! If you wanna go to a date or something casual I do not recommend this place.
I ordered the chicken tikka masala curry over rice and the baklava. I'd had baklava before, but never masala. I'm a little bit of a coward when it comes to trying new food, but luckily they offered online ordering via GrubHub so I didn't actually have to talk to *anyone* (oh, the beauty of the internet!). They said delivery would take about an hour; they had it to us in about 20 minutes. Simple and quick, and the food was delicious. Well done. If I'm ever passing through NY again, I will certainly drop by Taj's.
I've been here twice already. The lamb gyro is amazing! Huge portion for a great price. The meat is great and the pita is fresh and soft. I tried a chicken curry recently, which was excellent. However, I believe it is way overpriced for the amount you receive.
Did not taste fresh to me. I wish they make things out of scratch. It is what it is.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. the biriyani is  to die for, the round kababs are savory and the dessert is just wow. The owner is wonderful,informative and very curteous. He can honestly tell you what is good (all of it) and provide tips and what to accompany it with. So glad we checked out this place. I am craving for more of their food. BEST FOOD OUTSIDE OF NYC. The expensive place has great decor and very expensive watered down food. This is the real experience.
Taj's Indian food is amazing.  Their chicken tikka masala is unbelievable, and every time I order I want to try other things, but I have to get that.  The lamb vindaloo was pretty good too, and they have a great selection of naan.
Authentic ! I love their Goat curry and desert, especially the rice pudding is awesome which was suggested by the courteous manger. Plus their Garlic Naan is my favorite! yes, Garlic Naan, real garlic on the top! U can not miss this restaurant!
Pretty much the only delivery INdian food in Binghamton, so we gave it a go.  Overall, not awful, but not good either.  Definitely not worth the heinous prices.  Ay de mi!  The critically acclaimed Gyros were very filling, yet also really messy and mediocre taste.  The naan was less than satisfactory but he Mango Lassi was good - just not as thick as one would expect.  Delivery was timely and efficient, although they do charge $4.  In summary it's a great venue to burn your money if you don't have a fireplace.
Taj is a locally owned, inexpensive, newly decorated, Indian-Pakistani restaurant in Binghamton, NY.  The quality of the food was quite good and the service was pleasant with the cook coming out to ask about our preferences concerning how the food should be prepared.  The naan was delicious.  The palak pakora was somewhat different from what I am accustomed to, but was quite tasty.  The nargisi kofta curry was novel to us, unusually seasoned, and most enjoyable. The place is BYOB.
My friend told me their gyros were great and the owner overheard and immediately offered me a sample of the gyro meat after claiming, "I have the best gyros". They are big and tasty. The best I have had in Binghamton. I live around the corner and come when I need a quick meal. I have never had anything else here because I love the gyros, so I cannot attest to the rest of the menu.
Very good service and very courteous .the tea was great and food decent
