This review is for the beer and general atmosphere only, as I have not tried the food. Water Street was extremely busy when we went in, but they were handling it gracefully, so I must point out that the staff seems adept at running a bustling place. This is good news for those seeking refreshment during a busy period. You won't be ignored! The beers I tried were all very well-done and delicious. Particular standouts were the Bavarian Weiss and Maibock, which are two of my favorite styles and not easily found at local craft breweries. The Dopplebock is also very good, so you will be pleased with this brewery if you like stronger flavor profiles. Even if you like it lighter, there are things here to interest you. One thing of note is that this does seem to be a hangout for the drunken masses later at night and there were several people in the bar acting like clowns. The noise level got pretty high the later it got. So, if you're looking for a quiet evening out, it might be best to avoid this place at least on a Friday or Saturday night.
Went here for a quick bite to eat. You order your food from the far end of the bar, and the cashier hands you a device that pages you when your food is ready. We ordered hamburgers and when he didn't ask me my temperature i figured they were coming out medium well. That would have been fine with the wife but when our device went off and they were medium rare. I could see her disappointment. I was more than happy, the wife not so much. I took hers back up and the cooked it to her liking.  The staff was courteous and very accommodating.  The fries were delicious and crispy. The burger and the brew to wash it down hit the spot. They do growlers to go which is always nice. I like to do samplers and then chose which beer I want in the growler for future consumption. If ever in the area I would hit them up again. I just need to start bringing my growlers when I travel because I always like to try the local brews.
Nice location across from Boscovs. Friendly and cool atmosphere. Simple menu (pub fare) at very reasonable prices. Had the Bavarian style wheat - mild, sweet and smooth. Kid friendly as well: penne or pbj for just $3 - can't beat that. House made New England clam chowder was one of the best I've had! My 8 year old was stealing mine! They say their coleslaw is the best in NY but I found it just ok. Fresh but otherwise not special.
I had a really nice time here, the two times I have been. The food is consistently good, and the beers are good, too. The place is usually very crowded, but that just indicates that it's a good place to go! I wish they had a bigger space.
My kind of place. I know you're real busy and need to find a good pub fast, so::: 1. Locally owned. 2. Locally brewed (right here!) Try the pale ale! 3. Good food. I had a fantastic burger. 4. Reasonably priced. 5. Friendly people. 6. Relaxed atmosphere. 7. Clean. And... oh... very important!!! The beer is really good!
One of my favorite places to eat in Binghamton. Their food is fresh and made with care. They have plenty of excellent vegetarian options - my current favorite is their Tempeh Spiedies, which are full of flavor. I've had burgers there before too, which were perfectly cooked. Everyone is super friendly there, and once you get the hang of their system (order at the bar whenever you are ready, and your food will be brought to you) you will appreciate the relaxed yet attentive staff.
what a road trip gem! why go to some silly franchise when you can get poutine, burgers, microbrew beer flights, and meet the locals. They also have veggie options. A nice spacious place. 2 thumbs up!
I don't think I can adequately express how much I love this place! The food is consistently good. I generally get a bacon cheeseburger with extra-crispy fries, which is always satisfying. I'm sometimes tempted away from my standard by one of the specials. There was recently an absolutely delicious venison burger on the menu. The Chefs Choice is a recurring feature: you decide if you want a black bean burger, chicken, or a traditional hamburger, the chef decides everything else. Last time I ended up with a buffalo chicken sandwich with bleu and cheddar cheeses, and avocado. SO GOOD. And then there's the beer. I like trying new styles, and Water Street consistently changes their offerings. I always enjoy the weizenbock and weissbier, but I've also liked the fall and winter seasonals. I still do flights on a regular basis so that I can try new things being offered. Service here is always wonderful. The bartenders are friendly and efficient, and I always get the sense that they enjoy their job. The ladies down at the service counter are also friendly. And the owners, John and Michelle, take time to chat with the customers. I like chatting with my fellow patrons, the music is generally good and often diverse (On a recent Saturday night, there was a lot of metal. A few weeks earlier on a Saturday afternoon, Ani DiFranco). The place is always decorated with seasonally-appropriate lights, which add a fun touch. For the holidays, there was a Festivus pole as well as a Christmas tree. I prefer to sit at the bar, because I often go alone. If you're looking have a conversation with friends, a table is probably better. Overall, I highly recommend Water Street. It's my favorite place in Binghamton!
Great place -- nice pub decor, I was a little surprised that they didn't have table service but I didn't mind ordering at the counter and picking up my food.  The homemade pretzels were out of this world great (only available on Sundays, so I got lucky), and all 3 of us had great salads/burgers.  Lots of beer choices, and friendly staff.  I was surprised that they close the kitchen at 6pm on Sunday (an hour before the posted closing time, we just barely got there under the wire), so be careful, that's earlyl!
Highly recommend this place. Friendly bartender great brews. The brew meister is on the right path.
a glass of saison and the california wrap (salmon and veggies with their homemade dressing). my buddy got the burger. really tasty grub, chill vibe, nice servers, comfortable bar seating... me gusta mucho. gotta come back to try more dishes and beers!
I don't know how many other places in Binghamton brew their own beer. I'd guess there are some, but Water Street Brewing is doing a very good job of it. They only have 4 or 5 beers at any one time but I actually like the limit. So many other brewpubs I've been to always have mostly commercial brews with only a couple of their own brew. I have tried their India Pale Ale and an English ale, the exact style of which I can't remember. Both were excellent. I typically don't like pale ales as I am not a fan of hoppy beers but this one was nicely balanced, not overly bitter. The English ale also was very good. Rich and smooth and the right amount of "thick". The place itself has a great decor, very industrial looking with exposed ducting and pipes as well as all the brewing equipment. There are some nice small tables and as others have said you place your order and then get a pager for when it is ready. I don't mind this system, makes the place feel nice and casual. Overall I'm a fan, the beer is good, the burger I had was a standard bar burger, and the ambiance is something I haven't found elsewhere.
It took us two tries, but we finally got here.  It's worth it for the beer. It took us two tries because we couldn't figure out how to get a seat.  The first time it was very crowded and I couldn't find the host table.  Turns out there isn't one.  You find an empty table and grab it.  Then you go to the counter and order your food.  They give you a buzzer that goes off when your food is ready.  "Like Panera Bread."  We then ordered the beer separately at the bar.  This is explained on the menus at the tables.  That doesn't help if the tables are full, so I'm explaining it here.  You're welcome. I had the Dark English Mild, and my wife had the IPA.  We both enjoyed them.  We look forward to going back and trying others.  I'm especially looking forward to trying the Dunkelweizen.  The food we had was good but nothing special.  They get three stars as as a restaurant, and five stars because they brew their own beer.  Hence, four stars. It's great that Binghamton has finally joined the 1990s.  This whole brewpub thing might just take off...
Great environment, great beer, not so great entrees. My first experience was during restaurant week which might have been a mistake because they were more packed than they've ever been (as we were informed by one of the servers). Burgers were over cooked and Cajun fries were way too seasoned. The pork shanks were awesome, though! A must try. As a college student I really appreciate a cool place like this. Reminds me of Ithaca's college town. Will definitely be going back to support WSBC, but will probably stick with a beer and an appetizer and plan on eating dinner elsewhere.
I want to support this business because I think it's such a great addition to Binghamton. I really want to go to a brew pub every once in a while when I'm in town. So I'm not going to hold it to my out of towner standard - that's good and bad. The good: This place is a beautiful space. It's huge by any standards, and gleamingly clean. The service is friendly, fast and helpful. The portions are Binghamton huge and the food is tasty if simple. Vegetarian options are definitely appreciated. Parking is crazy easy around here and it's nice how open the restaurant is to the street. The beer: It's fresh and good, though I would of course like to see a little more variety. Like another reviewer said this is Binghamton and they have to play to local tastes, but they don't get past the blond/lager/stout basics. I really love ales and there's so many interesting varieties - maybe a couple beers in bottles could round out the selection? I ordered a beer flight my first time and it was a great value and a great way to try them all. I look forward to trying some seasonal brews. The bad: The seating situation is awkward. The first time I went it was empty so I sat at the bar. I ordered from the bartender and my food came right to me like a normal restaurant. The second time I walked into a crowded restaurant and had no idea what to do. Even a sign would help this situation.   All in all a great start. I hope you guys all the best.
The place is outstanding, as follows: BEER:  World class.  The IPA is of the English variety.  In other words, very well balanced between malt and hops, not over the top like so many American IPA's.  The Belgian Dubbel is also top notch.  Restrained use of darker malts make this a complex and tasty dubbel that doesn't loose itself in overuse of roasted malts like many dubbels do.  The Dunkelweizen and Hefeweizen are also appreciated.  It's amazing how much better these styles taste when well-made and brewery fresh.  Pricing is a normally $5 for an Imperial pint, which is very reasonable.    They have a limited wine list of local and international wines as well, by the glass or carafe. There are usually between five and eight different style of beer to choose from. Also, they have growlers to go. FOOD:  The finest "gastropub" level.  Their menu has good variety, and I've yet to have something that is not fresh and delicious.  The cranberry mayo turkey sandwich is outstanding.  They have an interesting and delicious daily special, and they announce everything on Facebook on a daily basis.  I've been there so many times just because I was drooling over their Facebook page.  Prices are very reasonable for the food quality and quantity, and they always have ludicrously low priced "noshes" for those who aren't too hungry. SERVICE:  As good as it gets.  They've had a consistent rotation of bartenders who are ALWAYS friendly and engaging.  The owners (John and Michelle) are almost always around, and love to interact with their customers,  Ask John to show you around his brewery.  Food and beer service in the brewpub uses the "English" pub model...you order and pick up yourself at the bar.  If you're not sitting at the bar, they give you a buzzer to take back to your table with you.  Whenever they are not busy, the bartenders end up coming out and serving the tables personally anyway. AMBIANCE:  I love it, but some people don't.  A classic old brick building on the outside.  A modern, minimalist brewpub on the inside.  A somewhat "industrial" feel with high ceilings, a modern painted wood bar, and little artwork on the walls. Classic Rock posters have been appearing lately, and add some interest and color.  Not nick-knacky like many places.  The place used to be kind of loud with conversation echoing in the large single room interior, but they added sound absorbing panels to the walls and now it is fine. OVERALL:  A wonderful place with owners who are constantly working to tweak and improve the place.  This is a gastropub where the food is as important and well made as the beer.
Food is typical pub fare but they locally source a lot of their products which is a definite plus. The beer is of the British style but is always well balanced and appropriately priced. There is always a good buzz and ambiance and I've never left disappointed.
Connoisseurs of Beer and Wine will have a very hard time finding fault with Water Street Brewing. Been here several times, each time at Happy Hour / Dinner Hour. Crowd generally appears established, rather congenial. Chalkboard above the bar lists the current selections with specific gravity of the water - in both American and British units - the ABV, and other indices. Had the Thousand Year Porter, the Hefeweizen, Belgian Dubbel, American Bitters. The half-dozen casks are in a row inside WSBC. Each variety is fresher, purer and ostensibly healthier than the imported bottles which sit in warehouses. No joke: WSBC could be life-changing. The average drinker could easily shift from the common '40,' 12- or 18- pack to appreciate a new world of choices with a better crowd. Can't decide? Try a 4 Beer Flight or a 3 Wine Flight - pony glass sampling. Michele and the staff know how to personably cater to all in a polished way. Had dinner B4 arriving, but dining selections seem better than many to most brewpubs in NYC, Philadelphia or Wilmington DE, that I've recently been to. Get 'Barley Bites' as a remembrance to your pets.   Directly across from Boscov"s. Local and Intercity buses are 2 short blocks away. Combine moderation and quality to make drinking a special occasion each time. Lawrence Weinzimer
All the beers hubby and I sampled were tasty. We both especially enjoyed the Hellcat Brown Ale. Nice set up.
i went here twice a few years back when they were pretty new and was pretty underwhelmed. i tried a couple beers and i did not like how they tasted at all, and the menu was pretty weak back then too. the first time i had a pulled pork sandwich and the 2nd time a turkey sandwich. they were both just ok, not worth the price they were charging. both of those items aren't on the menu anymore (i think there's a turkey wrap though, just not a sandwich). the potato salad i got with it was pretty good though. i just recently went back and tried a flight of beer along with some food and i feel like the beer has gotten a lot better. the menu has also expanded as well, but unfortunately it needs a little improvement. i started with pretzels and jalapeno cheddar hush puppies. the pretzels were good, but judging by pictures i saw on their facebook i thought they were going to be bigger. the hush puppies were a let down. no cheddar flavor at all came though and there was too much jalapeno in it. i could handle the heat but the flavor was just a little overwhelming, and they didn't get the texture right either, a little overdone on the outside and a few of em still had raw batter in the center. the burger i got had the same issues. they didn't ask how i wanted it cooked when i ordered, but i didn't realize it until 5 to 10 minutes after i sat down. when i got it it looked well done, but then the inside was red. i'm not a fan of rare meat. i don't get it though, with the inside that red it was still pretty dried out. maybe they had a new cook, i dunno, but i doubt i'll ever order a burger from them again. the bacon on it was good but the bbq sauce seemed pretty generic, and the bread was nothing special either. i also upgraded my fries to poutine. i've been wanting to try poutine for a while, this was my first time. the fries were good, as was the cheese, but i feel the gravy could have been more flavorful. it's a mushroom gravy, which i understand them doing to cater to vegetarians, but the flavor just wasn't there for me. the decor was decent and the service was very friendly. i'd go back again but it will probably be a while, over all for the brewpub experience i feel like Galaxy does it just a little bit better.
I've been spoiled living in Northern California the past 24 years and its plethora (dang did I really use that word?) of great brew pubs.  1st one I ever went to was Sierra Nevada in Chico back in 1988. I've always wondered if Binghamton would or could support a microbrewery.  I've thought too many people have Bud Light taste and wouldn't fork out the dinero for a pint of good beer.  Well, I was wrong.  Went with my brother for a few brews on a Thursday around 6:30 and the place was packed.  We snagged the last two chairs at the bar and ordered a few cold ones.  The beer was quite good and the bartender was informative and a good conversationalist.  If you're tending bar you need to kibbitz with the patrons, plain and simple.  I forget his name but, he mentioned he used to work at Ommegang when he attended SUNY Oneonta. Didn't get any food so, not sure how that rates.   Good beer, good location, friendly staff.  I'm glad to see people willing to open restaurants and watering holes in the downtown area.  The area appears to be changing for the better.  Will definitely go back when I'm visiting Binghamton.
I was one of the first customers on opening day and still a big fan! Always good choices of beer and I love the beer flight sampler. My fav is still the Hefeweizen and the Poutine is better than I've ever had in Canada! So glad it's always on the menu I have to get it every time!! A must try! I really like how they use local ingredients and put thought into their specials depending on the season. The service is always friendly and I feel like a regular when we visit. I don't mind ordering and picking up instead of getting waited on since everything comes out of the kitchen quick and hot.  I also enjoy the fact that it's not filled with college students getting hammered and I can enjoy my time talking to friends and enjoying my time. Good Job Water Street Brewing Co. Be back soon!
Consistently great bar food, great space, friendly service.  I'm a little saddened that I went to the bar and asked the bartender for the two least hoppy beers (the bitter and the blonde) and they both tasted of stronger hops than Dogfishhead's 60 minute IPA.  Granted, I do like my beer to be a bit on the maltier side, but my boyfriend loves hops and couldn't finish his beer because of how overwhelming it was (I think he had the Rye).  Good selection of wine though, and the other positives are enough to keep me coming back!  Who knows, maybe next time I'm in you'll have a stout or a porter! EDIT: I went back when they had a porter on tap.  It was excellent.  Changing my review from 3 to 4.  Thanks guys!
I read the reviews and saw they had an interesting menu for restaurant week so thought I would give this place a try while I am in the area for work. First I recommend eating at the bar since you have to order there anyway. Not a fan of their seating/ordering process or lack there of. I got Pumpkin Soup for a starter. It wasn't like any soup I have ever had...more like the consistency of pumpkin pie filling and it was luke warm. Thankfully the flavor was pretty good. Next I had the chicken special. I had a few bites from the breast which tasted good but then I cut into the drumstick....completely raw!! I don't mean pink...totally uncooked whatsoever. Gross.  Okay so everyone occasionally has problems like this but when I sent it back they re-cooked the same piece of chicken and put it back on the same plate with the same veggies...all contaminated from the raw chicken.  What I don't get is how both the cook and then the waitress both thought this was okay. Any way sent it back AGAIN ...got a totally new entree.  Tasted okay...not great. To top things off, they ran out of the dessert I wanted which was included with the special that night. :( I hope my experience was an exception to the rule.
Went here for restaurant week, loved the atmosphere and the beer.  Their restaurant week menu was fantastic. .. pumpkin mac n' cheese, who knew that could be such a hit?  The sweet potato burrito was bland though. All and all a great place to relax with friends and enjoy some quality beer and good snacks.
Travelers Beware! If you are fan of brew pubs (all over the USA) that serve great beer and food, you will be disappointed. After reading many reviews along our route, my husband and I chose to stop here for dinner. It's obviously popular with locals. We found it to be extremely noisy, with mediocre beer and food (my salad was interspersed with slimy lettuce). Maybe when they grow up....
This place is great... as another reviewer said, it is something sorely needed in Binghamton. I almost wonder if Binghamton is ready for it though (as evidenced by the guy ahead of me who just could figure out why he couldn't get a pukeweiser). The food is very good if a touch pricey. They have a very good selection of wines, including some from Black Bear Winery! But really its the beer that is the reason to come here. It $5 a pint... they plan to sell growlers too once they can get the new fermenter in place and keep up with the current demand. I tried the Dunkelweizen... and it was fantastic. I have had a few since I moved back from Germany but none have been worth drinking. This one could well have been imported from Germany! It is smoky without too much residue. The taste is light and refreshing with just a little hops. My wife had the blonde ale. It was much too citrusy for my tastes. The initial mouthfull was ok... light with a little crispness to it, but the aftertaste was akin to drinking unsweetened grapefruit juice. The decore was rather spartan with a very hipster feel to it. They were playing a cool jazz track but it was very loud. It was very hard to hear my wife sitting in the chair next to me.
I've been here twice now and I had great experiences both times. First I'd like to say this establishment is something downtown Binghamton sorely needed. A place for young professionals, couples, older families, and respectable students to socialize at and have a drink or two. Great atmosphere; clean, hip, lively. On a Saturday night it was crowded but it was still possible to get a seat or table if you waited a few minutes. I've only tried the hefeweizen which is light and refreshing. I've never tried the food but it looks pretty good. Their menu is a little narrow but that's probably because they're focusing more on the beer at this point. I'm so glad this place exists. It's a great alternative to the tired, one-dimensional downtown bar scene.
Decent beers, but nothing special. Got the pork shanks and chips and salsa. Pork shanks were really good. I wouldn't waste your time with the chips and salsa.
The Oatmeal Stout, and Thousand Year Porters are my favorite! The Bartenders are very friendly and easy to talk to, the cooks know what they're doing, great owners, and great location.
Very Welcome Addition to Binghamton.  There is usually three or four beers available.   My favorites have been the Hefeweizen and the Dark Mild.  The brewer owner is choosing not to aggressively hop his beers. The food menu is simple with a special each day. The burger is a standout and comes with bacon and cheese at not extra cost.  Friendly bartenders too!
If I had known it was self serve I would have been mentally prepared. Party of 6 and we all left our coats on the whole time. All food was completely mediocre. Who doesn't toast a burger bun?? Ice cold buns. Homemade black bean burger ok but completely fell apart. So all self serve... Do we tip? Way too confusing. Had a flight of beer most tasted watered down. Will not go back. Tried to support local but will try galaxy next time
Simple standard menu.  Simplicity done well.  The daily special usually rocks!!  The chicken potpie was sublime tonight
Great start for a place only one open one week. A bit chaotic but the beer was great, the people were friendly and it's a cool space. Got served very fast despite the pre-concert crowd. Lots of potential.
Went here yesterday afternoon for lunch after visiting one of the local historic sites.First and foremost- I must address the issue that others have complained about- the ordering system. It's British style- meaning there's no hostess/waitress/waiter, etc. You have to order at the bar. My girlfriend and I were here early enough so we just grabbed seats at the bar. Service was fast, but it wasn't busy, so I can't say how it would be otherwise.      We ordered beers- I had the Porter and my gf had the Hefeweizen. Both were very good, especially the Hef. The food menu is small- typical pub fare- burgers, wraps, sandwiches. I had a turkey sandwich on wheat toast with cranberry mayo. It was delicious. Also had cajun fries which were very good also. My honey got a wrap and fries too and she was very pleased.    Oh yeah- I even got a bag of barley bites( dog treats) to take home to my Boxer. They are a Christmas gift, so I'm not sure if she likes them yet. I'm told that the treats are also made on premises- cool!  Oops, almost forgot. I ordered the homemade soft pretzels for an appetizer. I couldn't eat everything at once, so I took them home with me. They were very good- even when reheated.   The place is small but clean. I really hope it does well since after driving around town for a while it's apparent that this area is depressed- bigtime!! I would definitely return to Water Street to try some of their other beers and food.
Stopped here for a quick Sunday lunch. Food was good and served pretty quickly. The menu included several vegetarian and vegan options.  Farro salad was very simple but good, and a bargain at $2. Portions were not immense, which was also nice. Good blonde pale ale on tap, and nice to see several NY wines offered by the glass. Glad we decided to spend the extra time to trek downtown to find it.
I've only been here twice, but I've been impressed both times. The beers I've tried were outstanding, and the restaurant itself is very nice inside. I forget what sandwich I had, but I thought it was pretty tasty. I don't have a whole lot to say about this place yet, but I had a good time there, and it is very exciting to see places like this opening up in Binghamton.
