Little Venice. Just that name brings back ALOT of memories for me, both good and bad in this little hidden joint in Binghamton. As I visited my grandmother here every summer since i was around four, this has always been our place to go. I thorougly and greatly enjoyed thier homemade pasta with their amazing sauce which, tastes fresh and buttery just how I like it! Besides the pasta, there was the incredible pizza. As I type this review now, I want to run out to my wagon and drive all the way down to Binghamton as I swear the smell is creeping it's way out of the doors and into my home at this very second. They bring out an entire pizza, with plates and a spatula so you can easily select the slice you want or desire. Be cautious of the sizes of it though, a large pizza will most likely have you feeling full in the first ten minutes. As this should be a perfect score, I have to complain at how dark the inside is even at daytime. I admire the decorations and the styling but when I enter, it is hard to see where the tables are but my eyes adujsted quickly so it shouldn't be that much of a problem. If you grew up in BInghamton, chances are you are going to like this place alot more than if you didn't, but this is still a great place to check out; just make sure you don't slip by it when you are trying to locate it.
The food here is okay. Nothing really stands out to me. I tried their famous spaghetti and meatlogs, but it wasn't really anything too exciting. I also tried their Chicken Parmesan, and didn't really enjoy it either. The chicken was way too dry. As for the salads that come with the entrees, they're just... sad. Yeah, all the food is handmade, but that doesn't really mean it's the best Italian food out there. The service is nothing special and mediocre at best. Our waitress was jus MIA for most of the time that we were there. I would maybe come again to give them another chance, but it'll probably be when someone drags me here.
I came here because of a birthday coupon for a free lunch or 10 dollars off dinner. With the pretty good reviews, I had higher expectations. I grew up in an Italian American neighborhood in NYC and I must admit that this place was not good in my opinion. The bread was tasteless. My soup tasted like it came out of a progresso soup can. The salad was uninspiring. My veal cutlet was nothing special. Broccoli on the side was not fresh produce but came from a bag of frozen veggies. My partner's pasta tasted ok and I like that it is homemade, but the pasta was thick and inconsistent. I've had fresh homemade pasta before and I guess I expected better quality from a place that specializes in it.
Will someone please bring me a full order of manicotti right now?!?! I love Little Venice. Been going here for years. I've tried several different items from here and loved each one. My mother recommended the pizza once. Which too my surprise was damn good! I'm pretty sure u could put their sauce on anything from a sneaker to a tree branch and it would be amazing. Little Venice is awesome.
If this is the best this poor, sad, little city has to offer its an even sadder city then. Super unfriendly. Walked in were ignored. Dining room dingy dark stuck in late 60s - so was menu. Just awful.
Incredible dinner for 12 before Lexie and Dan's wedding. So many good food choices and such good service in a nice venue. Enjoyed the great meal (scallops and pasta for me), the great bread we can't get in TX and the chance to talk with my brothers from all over the US. Little Venice has been here for about 50 years and the reason is the consistent quality. They do it right every night. Come out and enjoy this landmark institution. And leave a bit of room for the super chocolate spumoni or gelato!
Little Venice is such a unique experience!   We hosted a graduation dinner there this past weekend the food as always was excellent!   Lasagna is the best!  The homemade pasta is to die for the only thing is some people in our party did not like the sweetnest of the sauce but the marina was great
The kitsch is amazing. The food is ok. Recommended for visitors to Upstate NY looking for local flavor. I grew up eating this food. Of all the Italian restaurants in Binghamton, this is the only one my family ever ordered from. I never actually ate in the restaurant until I was an adult and it blew my mind. The decor in the back room is absolutely amazing. Incredible. Should be preserved for history. I love it so much I forgive the food, which is just ok, occasionally terrible. Cold, gummy old spaghetti at an Italian landmark? Come on! Even the two times that happened was too much. And in 2013 I expect more real vegetables in a salad than iceberg lettuce (they still sell that stuff?) - even in a place like this. But I've only been disappointed a couple times, and usually it's super dependable and tastes like my childhood.
My college roommate is from Johnson City, and she would always bring back containers of Little Venice sauce after school breaks (the sell it frozen by the pint and quart). I loved it. Their sauce is classic Italian, but also so unique that I've never had anything else that came close. When I finally got to go the the restaurant I was not disappointed. You can get homemade spaghetti with their famous sauce for about $10. The pasta is perfect and really does taste fresh and homemade, and the sauce is even more amazing in the restaurant. They are also famous for their meat logs....basically log shaped meatballs. While they are good, I've never been a big meatball fan and I usually just go with the basic sauce. One of my favorite Italian meals is eggplants parm and Little Venice does a great job with this as well. Thinly sliced eggplant that has more of a batter than a breading on it, covered in their amazing sauce and baked with cheese on top. With a side of homemade pasta it is a perfect meal...and I always go home with at least half leftover (it's great cold out of the takeout box too). The meal starts with a salad and I really love their Italian dressing...and I like all the sweet and hot peppers on top. As for wine they serve Red Cat by the glass or carafe  (a finger lakes wine staple). Red Cat was my first favorite wine, and although it may taste a little sweet to me now, it brings me back and I love that they offer it and support the local wineries. The reason I hold back on the fifth star at Little Venice is that the service the last time we were there was a little interesting. Our actual waitress was great, but it was Saturday night and they were quite busy and we couldn't even find the hostess to put our name in because she was busing tables...it was just a little too disorganized for such a busy evening. My second issue was with our appetizer. We ordered calamari and I found it to taste like something your would buy frozen from costco...just nothing special at all...but they do serve it with their sauce. I think if you are in the area Little Venice is definitely something to experience. The restaurant is very cute. Order the homemade spaghetti with their famous sauce and I guarantee you will be getting a quart to go.
We went to Little Venice on a Saturday night for dinner. It was during Restaurant Week so it was absolutely packed. So the first part of my review here is to report that the "Make Reservation" feature above worked great. We still had to wait 10-15 minutes or so, but they were expecting us and the wait would have been much longer without the reservation. It may not sound surprising that we got a table because of a reservation but I have heard stories of places "losing" online reservations so I just wanted to let you all know that this particular place honors those online reservations. Now the actual restaurant experience. The service was adequate if a little gruff because it was so busy. As we were there for an hour it so and the crowd died down our waitress became much friendlier. I wouldn't hold it against her to try to rush us at the start with all the chaos. For the food. I had not been to Little Venice before but I had heard of their sauce. Therefore I got the ravioli dish. The sauce certainly lived up to the hype. Very well balanced with the spices and the right amount of sweetness. If I wasn't minding my manners I would have asked for a spoon or at least more bread to mop it all up. The raviolis were nice, large, and had that great homemade pasta taste. Even though the place was so busy the pasta still tasted fresh and was well cooked. My friend got the penne and vodka sauce and was very pleased as well. Overall I would certainly go back another time when it's not restaurant week. With good host management and online reservations, adequate service, and very good food it hits all the points to make me a repeat customer.
My last name is deceiving. Because, well, I'm Italian. I'm quite Italian, especially for someone hailing from the West Coast. I don't mess around with shenanigans like Snooki's poof, and I certainly can tell my pecorino from my parmesan (note: I will smack anyone who tries to put parmesan on top of my pasta). I like chianti, carbohydrates, and gnocchi that are neither too soft nor too hard. We say "mangia gioia, mangia!" before holiday meals. My mom's cooking is a force to be reckoned with. All of these reasons and more, you could accurately say that I have a stick up my ass about Italian food. I know this. And that's the primary reason why I rarely--if EVER--go out of my way for this type of cuisine. Well, when I went to Little Venice, I went out of my way. Like, 150 miles out of my way. And I would do it again. The food here was absolutely amazing. We all did the create-your-own pasta option, and we were all floored. Not wanting to be a heifer at lunch time, I opted for their basic marinara sauce, with mushrooms, Italian sausage, and their housemade ravioli. I'm not sure what they put in it (maybe crack!), but it was so addictive and SO good that I had to force myself to stop eating. I'm not usually into red sauces, but this one was perfect...a great combination of sweet and spicy. The sausage was delicious, the mushrooms were freshly sauteed, and the ravioli were spectacular. There were also lots of ooohs and aaahs coming from the marinara-mushroom-sausage-spaghetti dish and the alfredo-broccoli-mushroom-chicken cutlet-fettuccine dish. My god! Even their desserts were solid. My cannoli was fresh and tasty, and their gelatos all looked superb. Not the cheapest food on earth, but the portions are generous, and you're getting some really, really solid Italian in the middle of what seems like nowhere. Mmmmm! Mangia, indeed!
I'm going on record as this being my favorite Italian restaurant in THE WORLD. I grew up coming here and never thought much of it until I moved away to Arizona and found out that there is no good homemade family non chain Italian food here.  I appreciate the deliciousness of this place and even try and replicate their sauce, which is to die for, at home. I literally have driven hours out of my way to stop by here to get something to eat.  My meal of choice is manicotti and meatlogs.  I have in 10 years tried to find, at any restaurant, a version of either of these that can compare... NOT EVEN CLOSE. The only bad thing is that you will be forever tainted by the Little Venice, never able to really enjoy a simple pasta dish like spaghetti and meatballs outside of their restaurant again.
Little Venice is the kind of place Al Bundy would have taken Peg for a nice meal. And not in an endearing, kitschy, nostalgic way - in an "Is this a joke?" "Oh my God, it's not a joke" kind of way - where it dawns on you there is an American city full of residents who like musty, grandma's-house decor and processed, soggy, fat-doused carbs for dinner. The most astounding part, in retrospect, was that it was so busy we actually had to wait to get a seat in this humongous establishment. All I can remember was the rage I was in upon taking the first, and also last, bite of my eggplant parmesan sandwich as the oil oozed through the two pieces of Wonder Bread and fell into limp chunks. To top it off, the waitress tried to charge us for two alcoholic drinks we didn't order. I left hungry and angry. Yelp, for the first time, had led me astray.
Little Venice is proof that the best training is from family, not the Corporate world,  for restaurants. Been here on-and-off since many years ago; yet, had most recently dined here on the special Happy Hour preceeding First Friday. Appetizers like thin but soft crust Pizza with toppings, and mouthwatering boneless Fried Chicken were excellent. Had the Eggplant Parm. Something in the gravy is habit-forming ! Congenial and well-dressed group here, with oil-paint portraits on the wall, and square bar making for a lively scene. No time to sit and eat ? No trouble - a frost box is plied with entrees to take home, each well under $ 10.  Take home tubs of Gelato are in a separate box next to it. Va Bene e va Piccola Venizia. Cordiali saluti, Lorenzo. - Lawrence Weinzimer
Little Venice-a favorite of many of my friends...I've eaten there many times to accompany a pal, celebrate a birthday, etc... Granted, I'm not Italian, so maybe I'm not an expert, but this isn't my favorite Italian place.   Although, when I do go, I'm inclined to order the manicotti, if for nothing more than it's sheer volume.  (I probably end up with 3 meals out of it)  I don't mind their pasta dishes.  I'm not crazy over their meatballs or their sausage, though. I've had the chicken parm...not my style.  It's pretty much just a BIG chicken breast covered in sauce and cheese.  Guess I've learned that I prefer the pounded thin cutlet chicken formation as the foundation for my parm.  Fortunately, the chicken wasn't dry, but again it's just a big lump of chicken.   I've always had good service here and I'll long have friends who want to meet up for dinner here, so I'm sure I'll be back.
Little Venice is tucked away in Downtown Binghamton, next to the greyhound bus station (so for those of you who missed your bus connection, you now know someplace to go). The streetside of the restaurant has a cut bar and a half-dozen tables. But walk to the back and the restaurant opens up into a large dining hall lined with its famed oil paintings (by many various and random artists). The food is standard Italian but everything is homemade. And let me tell you, homemade makes a difference. I ordered the linguine and it was some of the best I've ever had (and my grandmother is Italian). The homemade tomato sauce and meatballs were fantastic. I don't usually consume much food, but I completely cleaned my plate. My wife had the Ravioli Parmigana in Marinara sauce and was very impressed by its goodness. The place was hopping on a Sunday night and the crowd was diverse. Six old ladies living the good ol' days. Large family celebrating. Lot's of couples of all ages. Great place to bring a family. I've been told the food isn't the "best" Italian you can find in Binghamton, but it's definitely better that what most of us has encountered. So enjoy! PS I forget my waitresses name, but she was awesome! I was sucking down the water like a fish (they had little water glasses), and she came over with a pint of water for me. Also, the second glass of house merlot was much fuller than the first. Gratzie!
Little Venice is decent, but it's not much more than that.  I dined here once, with a large group of people, and they all raved about the food.  But I somehow failed to see the same high quality.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't exactly anything to write home about either.  It struck me as typical fare from an average Italian restaurant.  Nothing about the type or quality of the entrees screamed "authentic," and the items that you'd get at an actual "authentic" Italian restaurant were not to be found on Little Venice's menu. The sauces were good, but I remember them as being all the same Ragu-red color.  Maybe it was just what my party ordered, I don't know.  But I wasn't particularly impressed by the lack of variety in their cooking.    Also, our waitress was rather surly.  But the food was cheap, so how much can I really complain? Little Venice has been around forever - in that sense, it is an area institution in Binghamton.  It's very much a local joint - you will get stared at when you walk in if you're not from the area or you're a SUNY kid - and although the restaurant's drab paneling and dark decoration never did anything for me, it's a decent place to kill an hour and get a cheap meal.
Just passing through town and we were grateful to Yelp for pointing out this little gem, where they claim to make their own pasta every day. The pasta certainly tasted like it: al dente to the max. The menu is a bit confusing,but it's really all about choice. You can combine pasta, sauce and meat/meatless selections in any combination. Our final check for two, with a drink and gelato, was a modest $40 before tip. They even had a Foursquare promotion for a free gelato.
Ok, I wish to God somehow I could go back to this place again and experience this food. It was SO good. But why on earth would I ever end up in Binghamton again??? Moron California boy me asked the taxi driver how far Manhattan was because I wanted to hang out there in the evening after work during my business trip here. He laughed with a weird patronizing laugh - I laughed along with a fake patronizing laugh. Then, *long pause*. Then I said, ok so it's kinda far? Then he realizes I'm not kidding. He tells me it's like 4 hours or more, and you have to go through Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Ok, now I really showed my California ignorance...sheesh. The pasta in my lasagna, cooked so perfectly! Eggplant, the best I've ever had! Spaghetti, even that was remarkable! Sort of more bar than restaurant, with mostly locals that will stare at you if you are an out-of-towner, but hell, the food quality is well worth it! I am so sad that I may never get to eat here again.  =~(~~~
I'd been curious about this place forever and finally got a chance to check it out tonight with my husband.  It was quite the experience! First of all, the decor is unlike anything I've seen anywhere else.  There are literally hundreds of paintings hanging on every inch of wall space....it's like being in an art museum except that there really isn't a coherent theme.  The dining area is large but jam packed with tables so it feels cozy rather than like a food court.   Everyone from the bartender to the host to the girl who brought over our bread & water were super friendly as was our server.  She gave us time when we needed it and come over immediately as soon as we made eye contact.   As for the food, it did not disappoint.  We started with a sampler plate of appetizers consisting of garlic bread, fried calamari, & mozzarella sticks.  The mozzarella sticks were tasty, thin and nicely breaded.  The garlic bread was great!  Nothing gourmet, basically a half loaf of buttered Italian bread sprinkled liberally with garlic powder and broiled, but it tasted incredible with the sauce!  The calamari was "meh." We then split a plate of homemade rigatoni Parmesan with a side order of "meatlogs" (their meatballs are sausage shaped.....apparently they cook more evenly that way.)  Everything was delicious, especially the sauce!  We split a carafe of their house Chianti which complemented the meal perfectly and then topped it all off with two cups of coffee and a mint gelato!   All that ambiance and deliciousness for only $50....what's not to like?!?
Italian food how it should be... if you order properly Order spaghetti and meatlogs and forget about everything else. Nothing compares. The spaghetti, the sauce, and the meatlogs are all homemade and it shows. This unique combination can not be found anyplace else but Binghamton. The decor in this place is terrible, the seats are old, and the service is not always the best. The italian bread is not all that great (and cold). The salad is nothing special. However, the spaghetti and meatlogs will have me coming back again and again simply because it is the best. Not a great place for a date but if you're looking for the most delicious Italian food around this is the spot.
I came here a while ago with a group of friends to celebrate me and my friends' birthdays. While we were perusing the menu and deciding on what to order, I could not stop raving about the food, since it was delicious when I visited this restaurant earlier during the year with my boyfriend. I'm not sure whether it was because I had a big party with me (about 20 people) or because they were having a bad weekend in general, but Little Venice really disappointed me. The service was outstandingly slow and exceedingly terrible. It took them a very long time to just take our order. In fact, while waiting for the waitress to come by, some of my friends drove to McDonald's down Main Street, ordered some apple pies and McDouble's, came back, and finished their snack. And the waitress still did not arrive. In addition, when I went to look for the restroom, I tried asking several waitresses for the location. They all rudely brushed me aside until I reached the reception area, where the cashier/receptionist was nice enough to point me to the right direction. I recommended all of my friends to try the meatlogs, because it was delicious when I first tried it. I actually ordered them too. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed and embarrassed. They were so fatty that I thought I was just eating a lump of cooked lard. Okay, well, not that bad, but you know what I mean. It had that disgusting 'fatty taste' to it, if you know what I mean. My friend ordered a seafood dish for about $20. I don't remember what it was called, but it had scallops in it. That was really disappointing, too. It tasted like they bought frozen seafood from the nearest Weis, brought it back to the kitchen, and boiled it with a pot of butter. Yes, butter. Needless to say, that was a terrible experience. I have not recommended it or returned afterwards. Since it was great the first time I went, I'd like to give it the benefit of the doubt and presume that the restaurant was just having a bad weekend (we all have bad days, don't we?). Come try this place, but at your own risk.
I had a nice experience at Little Venice for dinner tonight.  I always find myself searching for a gnocchi dish at an Italian restaurant and surprisingly it was nowhere to be found at Little Venice.  Nonetheless I was very content with the homemade cheese ravioli that I ordered.  The sauce at Little Venice is some of the best I've tasted and I understand they sell "to-go" portions so I'll have to look into that!  The service was excellent and most of their desserts are homemade and quite tasty.   The only real complaint I have about Little Venice is that nothing actually comes with your main course.  It seems pretty standard for a salad to come with a dinner but at Little Venice there is an extra charge.  We also had to pay a little extra for a side of meatballs.  These are kind of small complaints but made me a little curious nonetheless.  Anyway, if you want a good menu with plenty of homemade pasta choices and great sauce, make Little Venice one of your next dinner stops!
I went to Little Venice with 2 friends on a Wednesday night (1/2 price bottles of wine!!) and the food was mediocre. I ordered chicken parm, side of broccoli, and a side salad. Chicken parm consisted of two thickly breaded chicken breasts, way overcooked that I had to ask for a side of sauce. The house tomato sauce is amazing, a little sweet but delicious. The bread they give out was obviously from a box and cold Overall, I'm not sure if I'm a fan- I'll pass the next time
I know what everyone will think: WHAT?! 2 STARS?! I know. I heard rave reviews about this place too. I had high hopes considering how great everyone said my experience would be here. I will explain. It was Restaurant Week last year. I had decided to make a few stops at the downtown restaurants, but Little Venice was not on my list. My housemate begged and begged, so I gave it a try. First of all, we couldn't find parking. We drove around the block three times before we decided to just park two streets away and walk. It was winter, it was cold, and I was already regretting my decision. We got inside, and the host told us there was a 30 minute wait. I was expecting this since it was a Restaurant Week. We waited for 25 minutes and we were seated-sounds promising right? The waitress asked us if we wanted water and she brought it to us quickly. So far so good. We could pick two items on the menu as entrees, so I picked cheese ravioli and manicotti. There was a 40 minute wait for our food which I was not surprised about, but by the time the food came I had eaten so much bread I wasn't very hungry anymore. The ravioli was flavorless, to say the least. All I could taste was dough, and the sauce was watery. The manicotti was...black on the bottom. Burnt underneath and stuck to the pan-I definitely lost my appetite. Then there was dessert-I ordered a cannoli, figuring it would be pretty hard to mess that up. The waitress brought out my cannoli, and there was A HAIR on it. Just sitting on top. I tried to wave the waitress over, and by the time she came by 20 minutes later I definitely just wanted to leave. She brought me a different cannoli (hairless), but I paid my bill and took it with me. I never went back again, mostly just because that one experience ruined it forever for me.
Really unimpressive. Sorry, I've had much better Italian, even in the area. The only thing that is redeeming from this restaurant is the homemade pasta. I do appreciate that they make their own pasta, because you can actually taste a distinct difference between homemade spaghetti and Barillo. As renowned as the tomato sauce is supposed to be, I'd say the pasta was actually more impressive. The sauce was good, but not that good; I prefer the red sauce from Cacciatore's in Johnson City. The bread was awful, the salad was not fresh, and I can't comprehend why anyone would want a meat log. It was simply bland and I couldn't bring myself to finish the whole thing. Overall, the food really was just completely lacking in the flavor department for me, which was a huge disappointment. I've tried giving this place a chance a few times, so it's not like my review is coming from a single experience. Even if service was great (and it's not, I'd say it's adequate at best) I'd recommend going to other Italian restaurants. Grandes is fairly good, but Cacciatore's has a special place in my heart, as they have all you can eat pasta dinners on Monday nights.
Little Venice is an old school Binghamton institution, plain and simple.  I grew up in Binghamton back in the 60's and 70's and this was the place where families would have their get togethers.  I now live in California and there's good Italian food there but, for the price and especially the spaghetti and meat logs nowhere beats the Little Venice. For the most part I get the spaghetti and meat logs and it's awesome.  The pasta is cooked to perfection and the sauce has a hint of sweetness that keeps me craving for more.  The bread is served at room temperature and it perfect for mopping up the sweet sauce. It's not the place to order a steak or pork chops.  So, if you go expecting a perfect steak this isn't the place.  Whenever I come back to Binghamton I have to come to get my Little Venice spaghetti fix on. There's about 100 (maybe more) paintings on the walls throughout the restaurant.  It looks the same now as it did 40 years ago.  I like the old school décor and ambience.  It may not be for everyone as some may be looking for a more modern, hip vibe.   Good old school spaghetti at low prices.  Try it you'll like it.
Having traveled Europe for years, It is my opinion that this is the most 'Italian' Italian restaurant you can eat at here in Binghamton. The food is all homemade and the desserts are fantastic. My wife and I go there often, not just for the food, but also for the atmosphere. The walls of the back room are covered in old paintings and mosaics.
This is by far one of the best and most famous restaurants in Binghamton. The sauce is legendary, and the artwork adds to the charm of the place. My only complaint is their house made sauce contains dairy, so it is horrible for those with allergies or who live a vegan lifestyle. I wish they would make a dairy-free option. Their marinara is an alternative, but tastes nothing like their sauce. Also, they need to update the chairs/booths in their main dining room and expand. I think they are in the process of doing that, though, so that's good.
Hands down my favorite Italian Restaurant ever.  I have eaten here many times over the years, held gatherings here, and this year I gave gift certificates to my nephews.  I agree with previous reviews that the food is excellent, especially homemade pasta, manicotti, etc.  But the atmosphere is great too.  The first time I brought my husband here and they led us to the backroom, he told me he was disappointed when he didn't meet with the Godfather.  And then he tasted the veal... The service has always excelled, even when we had 20+ people for an anniversary dinner.  I love dining at Little Venice every time that I am in the area.
Ordered  fettuccine Alfredo, got a whole dish of butter. Was there any cream in it? The atmosphere was not attractive at all. We also ordered regular spaghetti and found the noodles to be unusually thick. Will not come back :(
This is a grate family owned and operated Resturant. True old school Italian favorites.
Meh. Sorry, if this is supposed to be the best, you have set your sights too low. Undercooked pork chops. Meat sauce was like marinara with a handful of meat dropped in. The cannoli was soggy. I believe the Oaks Inn is still the best and worth my ride from PA.
This is a classic Italian restaurant....a Binghamton institution. Good food for good prices. Their meatballs (meat logs, actually) are outstanding. Bass Ale on tap is the best beer. Family owned and operated like you would expect for an Italian restaurant. Leave out the back door and get a kick out of the cheesy mid-century oil paintings.
The Food here the best Italian food you'll find...anywhere. The sauce is so unique I bring back 3-4 quarts home every time I make my way to Binghamton. The pasta is fresh, homemade and so reasonable. Yea the salad and meatballs are extra but a full order is under $8, the small salad is $2 cmon you can't beat it. If you're looking for top Italian food this is the place. The only knock is the waitress' are not the most pleasant people in the world but they've been there forever.
* stopped for quick dinner on road trip * best was still spaghetti with tomato/ mairnara sauce * large portions, decent starters Saw the yelp reviews, was passing by here on the way to buffalo. They're known for handmade pastas. They have a make-your-own pasta where you choose the kind of noodles, the kind of sauce, the kind of toppings. i opted for a sampler where you can choose 3. house salad was the usual, the pea and rice soup was good. I chose the spaghetti with meat log, alfredo with mushrooms and lasagna. The home made tomato sauce was delicious. the home made spaghetti was also really interesting because it was thicker and had different texture along the strand. my friend got the baked ziti, and ravioli and also the spaghetti. ziti and ravioli were okay, but not the greatest. the alfredo sauce was forgettable, and the lasagna would rank second among all the things i tried. Portions are pretty big. So I'd recommend two people splitting an entree here. And don't waste your time with the other stuff, go for the spaghetti with tomato sauce/ or meat. oh yes, they make the meatballs as cylinders, hence "meat log" They were good, but not the best i've had.
Ah Little Venice! Pasta is my favorite and Little Venice ranks right up near the top for the best I've ever had. The place is an institution with walls covered in some crazy artwork. Every chance my family gets to stop and see my Great Aunt, we always make it a point to make a trip here. The pasta is fresh, the sauce is wonderful, I guess the trick is apple sauce? At least that's what someone told me. Hey what do I know, my family is all English and Irish.
Ah !! Little Venice in Binghamton,NY. What can I say about this Italian Restaurant. I have been going there since I was 6 years old. Now in my fortys, I always go back there when I am in town. I will not  eat anywhere else; however I will shop at Wegmans, another great attraction in the Tri-Cities area. Little Venice is the homemade pasta,sause,bread and the atmoshpere,which has had recent renovations over the past year.Yet the main tradtional dining room is still the same. It is family owned. I receive their monthly newsletter.You can get their sause shipped Fed Ex during certain seasons of the year. Little Venice is an experience for anyone who loves Italian food.The prices are good,service is great and I will continue to brag about Little Venice until I am no longer able to eat !! Now that's Italian !!!!!
I'm not sure this was the best Italian food I've had, but it was reasonably tasty and hit the spot on a rainy Sunday afternoon.   The homemade linguini I ordered was incredibly al dente (in a good way).  I was impressed by how friendly and attentive the service was.    My favorite part of the meal?  The bill was at least half of what we would have been charged at home in SoCal!
Good quality food. The pasta was clearly freshly made and the sauce is good. This place is an apparently an institution, as others have noted, so I can certainly forgive the overly dim, paneled dining room with excessive orange vinyl and crazy random artwork (I sat under two stuffed birds in a glass bubble of sorts). Our waitress was incredibly friendly (it was almost disarming). I'd stay away from the veal marsala (kinda funky chopped-up stew type thing) and get a big ol' plate of pasta and (log-shaped) meatballs.
I've been to many Italian restaurants in the city (Marea, Babbo, etc), and although Marea's octopus and bone marrow fusilli is heaven on earth, Little Venice's pastas come pretty close; specifically, the manicotti, spaghetti with meatlogs, fettuccine alfredo with the works, and linguine with garlic and oil. I would definitely rate them higher than Batali's Babbo (unheard of, I know). I have no idea what they put in their pastas, but they are highly addictive. Even now, I am craving them. I just wish I didn't have to drive 3 1/2 hours to get there.
I have eaten here a number of times and sometimes had good food and sometimes not so good food.  The sauce is sweet but not too sweet and I would be quite happy to just have a bowl of that with some bread.  On my most recent visit, I had lasagna.  It was good (not the best I'd ever had, but by no means the worst) and the portion was huge.  House salad was ok--the blue cheese dressing was bland and nearly tasteless (yeah, serves me right for getting that rather than the house dressing at an Italian restaurant). Service was friendly and efficient.  The place is always crowded, and it doesn't hurt to make a reservation.
While growing up, I often went to Little Venice.  Little did I know at the time that I was eating the best Italian food anywhere (and that includes all of the places I have tried in the New York metro area, the epicenter of Italian food, over the past 10 years).  The secret is the sauce - I have no idea how it is made and have never encountered another sauce like it.  And since it is in Binghamton, you can get a great meal for under $10.  Whenever I am visiting family upstate, I make a point of trying to get to Little Venice for dinner.  And I don't know if I am just nostalgic from going there as a child, but I really love the decor and ambiance, and still look at the autographed pictures on the walls in the entryway every time I go there.  There has never been a more perfect restaurant than Little Venice.
Had another great dinner tonight. Food and staff were great.
I love this place! I moved away from the area in 1997 to go to college, and I always try to go when I visit my parents.  I must admit, I get the same thing every time - the ravioli.  I've never had better.  The sauce is wonderful.  The ravioli simply melts in your mouth.  The manicotti is also amazing.  They've also started serving pizza.  I've only had it once, but it was quite tasty. Go. Just go.  You won't be sorry.
I must say I enjoy the pasta here. It's homemade and you can taste the freshness of it. The ambiance isn't so flattering but it's nice enough for a few friends to hang out for a nice dinner. It's tucked away so not many people can see it but once you find it, you'll be glad you did. The menu recommends the meatlogs. Get the meatlogs.
It was alright, but I recommend their homemade sauce instead of the marinara. The decor is pretty crappy, but the service was nice.
It's hard to be too tough on this place because it is a Binghamton institution, a sentimental place with a very kitschy but cozy ambiance. The Italian food is very 'spaghetti and meatballs,' their tomato sauce is sweet but tasty. I had the filet mignon, which was good and tender, but it came with canned mushrooms, which I wasn't too crazy about. The antipasto dish is pretty good so check that out. Overall, I think you know what you are getting by going to Little Venice, it's fun, and the food is filling and pretty decent.
While teaching as a visiting prof. in Bingo, I often went here to find a decent restaurant meal, which is tough in this town.  Delicious meatballs (logs), good tomato sauce, fresh pasta and good martinis.  OK, it ain't Lutece, but in a pinch it'll do, and I even consider making the trip to taste their sweetish tomato sauce again.  I love their collection of bizarre paintings (monks drinking beer, Franz Hals imitations).
I don't think this is the best Italian restaurant in Binghamton. Their homemade pasta is really special, but the sauces that accompany it are kind of lackluster. The gelato is only okay. The service is really accommodating and welcoming, but the atmosphere seems a bit gaudy and dated to me.
"Authentic" is not how I would describe Little Venice however this is Americanized-Italian food at its best.  I can't remember having a better bowl spaghetti with meatballs.  It is great for what it is.  Just don't go there expecting to find Bucatini All' Amatriciana.
Not impressed...Being gluten-free I don't expect to eat pasta... I have made peace with this...however when you ADVERTISE Gluten-free options...PLEASE DO NOT ASSUME just because I am gluten-free I will eat whatever you put in front of me! I called ahead to be sure there was an option and was assured I would have SEVERAL options...specifically asking for non-breaded eggplant. I was assured over the phone it would be available. When we arrived to the restaurant, even with reservations, we waited quite sometime to be seated, and once we were seated, we seated in the middle of 25-30 ppl/group and another couple. No privacy to have a conversation of any substance. The waitress came over,even before I order, I always let my waitress know I am gluten-sensitive. She follows offering bread and continues to fill our bread basket the rest of the night, the only thing she was consistent with. When we ordered I was informed they only carry breaded eggplant and the only gluten free option is grilled chicken with vegetables. No gluten-free pasta, no other gluten free options because everything has some form of gluten in it. In conclusion, I went home hungry, no dessert. Moral of the story: Just because someone advertises GF does not mean they are!
The place has amazing pasta for Binghamton..the decor of that restaurant was really nice. Good and friendly staff... Had the pasta lover and for the price you can't beat the amount of food you get. Certainly will have a doggy bag to go with you. Although if you eat spaghetti a lot this is a bit interesting to say the least...  Definitively give it a shot ...
I dined at Little Venice during restaurant week where they had a three course meal deal for $20.00. Although there are regular dinner entree options for less, the restaurant week deal was definitely a good deal. I had the bruschetta for an appetizer and my fiancee had the meat logs. We had looked at the menu ahead of time and were curious. Turns out, meat logs are meatballs in the shape of a log, supposedly for more even cooking. The bruschetta con sited of chunks of tomatoes, garlic, parsley, salt, pepper and oil. I like simple, uncomplicated dishes but the chunks of tomato really threw me off. They were pretty big for the toast they were served on. The meat logs were good, nothing to rave about. THey did give us a preview of the sauce though, which was really good. I ordered the pasta tasting trio. I had the manicotti, ravioli, and spaghetti. The manicotti was amazing- served in a crepe and filled with ricotta. The ravioli is house made and they were perfect pillows of ricotta and pasta. The house spaghetti was my least favorite, but still good. The noodles are homemade and the only reason I didn't love it was because it is a pretty thick noodle. For dessert, I had the tiramisu which was excellent. Perfect portion and you can tell it too is homemade. I really enjoyed my meal here. The only drawback is that if you go on a busy weekend night, it is no fuss service that is speedy,efficient and without flourish. My fiancee did comment that it felt like were going through a "factory" where the bread is put out right with the silverware and paper placemats and then the rest of the meal is cranked out with speed. I didn't mind though because the food was great and we will definitely be going back!
I grew up in Binghamton and there were two Italian restaurants that were considered the best. You were either a Cortese fan or a Little Venice fan. I've eaten at both, like both, but my hands down favorite is Little Venice. I've eaten there since they were located farther up on Chenango St., near the Press Building.  Now they are just a litter farther down the street, but the quality has remained the same. Homemade pasta, incredible sauce and amazing meatballs. Even just the basic, spaghetti and meatballs are fantastic. My favorite, manicotti - is like nothing I've ever had before. Melt in your mouth goodness. My husband - a Wisconsin boy - raves about the place - best Italian meal he's ever had! I've sent other friends there too and they agreed! (PS They ship their sauce and other entrees - check they website!) Yes, the decor is kinda overkill - way too much artwork - but I always felt it lent to the ambiance. Not many places in Binghamton like that . Also contains a great collection of paintings that give you a hint of what Binghamton used to be like when downtown was a busy, active place.   Give the Little Venice a try - you won't be disappointed!!
Having grown up eating "Little V" almost 45 years, I am somewhat biased about just how great it is.  This is truly home-made Italian. The pastas...spaghetti, ravioli, manicotti and macaroni are really home-made in their kitchen. The sweet sauce is a unique taste....never have I had anything close. One of my last meals on earth would be the Veal Parm, side of homemade spaghetti, a cup of their homemade soup and an Italian salad. The owners and the staff here go way out of their way to insure a great meal. One of my favorite restaurants in the whole world, Little Venice is a Binghamton institution....they even ship their products all over the USA to folks that grew up eating it and can't live without it.
Not what we expected , no gnocchi or any pink sauces.
I'm not going to lie.. I was a little nervous to try this place.. But I heard good things so I gave it a try and I am so glad I did! The waitress was very friendly and made you feel right at home. I ordered fettucini alfredo and was so impressed. The pasta is freshly made and you can deff. tell that it is! My friend ordered the chicken parm. and it was delicious. The sauce on the chicken parm. was probably my favorite about the dish. The menu is very simple but whatever you choose you'll get a big portion and leave satisfied.
Family owned restaurant where friends and families make great memories!  We went with 40 people and even though we only had reservation for 2 dozen, we were seated quickly.  They served water right away and brought out basket after basket of fresh warm italian bread with sesame seeds.  It was already sliced but still together so it stayed warm and you didn't have to fight with it to get a piece off.  I indulged in the real butter.  We had pitchers of beer and wine. The beer was so good.  It was cold and middle of the road, not too dark nor too light.  I had the chicken soup which had tiny bow ties in it.  I make too much soup to rave about it but it was warm and comforting.  The ravioli in butter and garlic was amazing.  Warm freshly made raviloi pillows with ricotta filling.  I had a side of sausage and was thrilled that it was spicy and the sauce was spicy too.  I'm not too fond of their famous sweet sauce.  People say that they add applesauce to their recipe in order to make it so sweet.  The gelato is sinfully delicious!  All in all there is something for everyone here so relax take your time with the menu and don't be afraid to tell them what you like so they can help with recommendations.
Great Italian food at a reasonable price. Appears to be a local favorite. Even though we did make them and were seated immediately I would strongly suggest reservations. Everyone following us had a 5 to 30min wait. I had the spaghetti and meatlogs. Sauce is a bit sweeter than some I've had, but I liked it. The spaghetti was hand made. Recommended.
One of my favorite Italian restaurants in Binghamton. The sauce is amazing, and you can actually buy it and take home with you! I usually go on Wednesdays, where they have 1/2 bottles of wine. Another plus is they have whole-wheat pasta and many grilled options.
Itallian at it's best!  This is a Binghamton staple and on the top of the list for best Italian food in a huge radius!
Enjoyed the dinner and atmosphere.  Would recommend and most definitely love the sauce.
FAVORITE Italian restaurant!!!!  I dream about having their salad, and the raviolis are the best EVER!!!  I have never had ricotti cheese in raviolis like theirs.  Tried to duplicate it by making my own homemade without success. Wish I knew the secret.  I dont live in the area anymore and I sure do miss this place.  Try to get there when I visit home. Wish they would open one in Arizona.
The crepe-like manicotti is homemade and the best we've ever had. The sauce is excellent here as are the meat logs, despite how that name isn't very appealing as seen on a menu! Service here is generally quick so you can get in/out including with kids. And what kids don't like pasta?
unimpressive and unmemorable- I don't even remember what my entree was and I ate there merely three months ago. I remember good meals from years ago.
Fantastic Restaurant  Week menu. All for $ 20. Plenty to take home for another meal. Delicious as usual. I have been going to this restaurant for 20 yrs. & the sauce is always tastes the same. Kudos !
if this was going by sauce alone this would be a 5, but unfortunately some of their dishes can be a bit lacking so i gotta bump it down a bit. i grew up eating their sauce and it is easily my favorite spaghetti sauce ever. usually we would just get quarts of sauce to go for special occasions and eat it at home, but i've been here a few times recently to try other things. i've had their pizza which was kinda disappointing. their sauce is great on pasta but i feel it's missing something when it comes to pizza. something about their crust seems to be a little off as well. recently i went for restaurant week and for the appetizer i got the italian egg rolls. one meatlog version and one chicken alfredo version. i gotta say, these were great! i absolutely loved them and can't wait to try them again. for the main course i went with the roast pork with roasted potatoes. this was a let down. i wanted to get something that wasn't on the regular menu, and i can see why this isn't a staple here. we went around 5 to avoid the rush but the at that point the potatoes were already dried out pretty bad and didn't seem to have much seasoning. the roast pork was also a little on the dry side and again lacked flavor. one thing that i think is odd about their menu is that they have 2 versions of chicken parm. i went on my birthday last year and got their original version, which i thought was pretty good, could have been a little better but it was good. then this year i went again for my birthday and i was about to order it but the waitress suggested i try the other version (chicken parm cutlet) instead. she said that the original version gets sent back a lot because people don't like it. if that's the case then why even keep it on the menu? both chicken parm dishes are the same price so it doesn't make any sense to me. i did end up ordering the cutlet and it actually was better, i think the chicken was a little thinner and the breading was a bit more crisp, i would definitely order it again. oh yeah, and this place has a pretty good canoli too, i'd like to try their other desserts too though. as for service, i know i've seen a few SUNY brats on here complaining about it, but i've never had anything but good friendly service here. as for the decor, the bar area looks very nice, but the big dining room looks a little tacky despite all the nice art they have hanging up in there. for italian food in the binghamton area, this place is my favorite, the sauce is just great, i'd eat it at my last meal. this place blows cortese out of the water (not counting pizza)
Came here for restaurant week. Honesty, the food was mediocre and kind of plain. The best dishes in my opinion were the pastas (because of their homemade pastas) and their tiramisu for dessert. The tiramisu was fresh and very moist. Service was also pretty slow. Overall, just a very average meal. I really prefer mama guiseppas and I guess maybe that's why  I would think twice about coming again.
I've lived in Binghamton for 20 years, and never went here. I think the location turned me off. Next to the bus station? Boy, was I missing out. This place was a surprising shining star!  We went for lunch, and everything was really good - from sauce to service. Would go again and again!
I guess you just can't expect things to be as they once were. As it was with Little V, as we call it, tonight. Snarky service mediocre at best., Rav's that look and have piergoe consistency and chicken cutlets that could be the worst we ever had in parm. Too thick, un pounded, tasted deep fried, and just Jenky. And the biggest thing is they removed half the paintings,  which really made the place for the last 40 years.......what a shame!! Don't waste your time effort or $$ the true Little V is gone forever!!!
We went here for parents weekend for my daughters college.  We had reservations which was a good idea Since it was crowded.  The tables seem close together.  It felt a little too tight.  The service was very good. Very attentive and fast.  Two of us had chicken parm. There were three variations.  I had the pasta lovers special for which you pick 3 pasta dishes to sample out of five.  The pasta is fresh and it was outstanding. I cannot understand why more restaurants don't serve fresh.  I picked spaghetti with meatballs, ravioli and lasagna.  They were terrific. The ravioli was the best.  The tomato sauce was excellent.  I give them five stars for food and service but the seating knocked down the experience to four.  They also have these small desserts in a large shot glass for $2 which is a great idea after a big meal.  I will definitely be back.  Highly recommended.
Delicious red sauce joint that has been around for generations.  If you want Italian American, this is what you're looking for.  Every time I'm visiting family in town, I have to make a stop here.
If you are ever in the area, this restaurant is a must stop!  Homemade pasta, sauce and old fashioned family style cutlets - all are superb!  Homemade salad dressing was very tasty too. Workers are very friendly and very accommodating. Home style atmosphere and can even buy goodies to go.
This is hands down the best Italian food I've ever had in my life! The pasta and sauce is homemade and out of this world good. The Alfredo sauce is simply amazing. The manicotti is a unique blend of cheeses that even a non ricotta person would like. Soups are homemade as well and differ by day. The Italian wedding soup was really good and I normally am not a fan. Very old fashion decor and not overly friendly waitstaff but none of that matters as the food more than makes up for it.  Very decently priced as well.
My boyfriend & I chose to eat here because we were in the mood for Italian and saw the good reviews. We absolutely loved it! The pasta and sauce are homemade and very fresh tasting. The gelato was to die for, a perfect way to end the meal. The prices are affordable and it made Olive Garden seem like fast food!
I had a meatball sandwich on white with homemade spaghetti on the side.  The bartender--I forget his name--made me a top-notch Maker's Manhattan.  All in the course of 35 minutes during my short bus layover.  Love you.
Woohoo! As good as it gets, is right!. Best spaghetti sauce I've EVER tasted! Love the home made pasta and bread ! LOVE LOVE LOVE it ! As with most restaurants, service is great some nights and so, so others - they get SO busy sometimes it's hard for staff to keep up, but I'd give them 4 stars for service. Salads could use an upgrade to fancier greens, iceberg gets old, but I go there for the sauce, period.
I wish 4.5 stars was an option - Little Venice was slightly above what I normally consider at 4 star restaurant, but not one of the best places I've ever had Italian food at (which is what I'd reserve a 5 star for). I stopped in here on a drive home from NYC and opted to eat in the restaurant instead of at the bar, even though I was alone. The restaurant surprised me - it was large space with tables packed in (there had to have been at least 50 tables!) and nearly every one was full. I ordered the lasagna, and a cannelloni bean soup. The soup had a great creamy flavor. The lasagna with the traditional sauce was really the star of the meal. I normally like my noodles to be a little al dente - but the noodles in this lasagna were tender and delicate. I couldn't believe I loved the consistency. The sauce was phenomenal. Allegedly only 6 people know the recipe, which makes me jealous. I'd love to make a sauce just like this. It was perfectly balanced - little sweet and a little savory. I kept dipping the complementary bread into the sauce to get one more bite of it. The lasagna also had pieces of the famous meatlogs in it. Truth be told, with sauce covering them, I couldn't even tell you what they taste like. But the sauce was so good who even cares! If I ever find myself in the area again looking for Italian food, I will definitely be coming back here!
