Fantastic wings (much better than the Anchor Bar), crispy on the outside and oh so moist on the inside and my wife said her rib eye steak sandwich was the best she'd ever had.  Very accommodating.   Jeff the owner was our waiter and was very helpful with information on the foods that were on menu.  The food is cooked right in the bar area so you can actually see the meals being prepared.  Had to drive through an alley to get to parking and the walk around the building to enter.  Plenty of beers on tap.  Kid friendly.  Can't go wrong at Richmond's. Funny thing about our visit, we stopped at Sheridan's Irish Pub and they were closed for a private party. Turned out to be a blessing.   We will definitely go back to Richmond's whenever we are in the Rochester area.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon after reading the rave reviews about the wings. I mean... They're good, but I wouldn't say the best wings I've ever had. Maybe I need to try another sauce?? I'll give it another try one day. On another note, the bartender was super nice and so were the ppl in the bar.
Best. Wings. In.  Rochester. Kind of placed in a sketchy area just around the corner from East Ave and Scio, certainly a hole in the wall place.  You might have to pass some drunks or bums while getting there, but it's worth it, and after a couple of drinks, you shouldn't be too scared of them.  $ 2 Genny Cream Ales, great happy hour deals, relatively good selection of beers.  I was more surprised by their decent selection of wine? Haha.  Please don't order wine in a dive bar to have w/ your wings though. Wings are perfectly crisp without being hard on the outside, still juicy and succulent all the same on the inside.  Whatever it is that they do, they have mastered the art of the perfect wing.  I want to try other things, but wings always win in the end.   Really liked the jazz band this past Wednesday night, not sure if that's a regular thing or not.  Staff is friendly.  Nice place.
This place is a friendly, but somewhat hole-in-the-wall joint. Very laid back bar vibe, not too loud or crowded. Good place to go with some close friends to grab wings and a beer. Mozzarella sticks were super crispy and cheesy. Sauce was excellent and contained chunks of tomato. I got to try the thai peanut butter and sriracha honey wings. Both were delicious, though if I had to pick, I would say I preferred the sriracha honey. Don't be fooled by the name of the thai peanut butter though -- still had a spicy kick to them. Can't wait to come again and give all the other flavors a try. Note: You can get the 10 pc and get half of one flavor, half of the other. Definitely try to come with a few friends so you can try more flavors of chicken wing! Super friendly and prompt service.
Oh Richmond's, you have my heart. A great sports bar and hang out for good food and beer. They usually have some special beer deal -- not just cheap domestics, which is a plus -- along with special wraps or sandos on the chalkboard next to the kitchen. They also have live music a few nights a week. This is one of my top spots for wings in Rochester. They fry then and then toss them in the sauce in a hot sauté pan. Hello, tasty seared bird! Absolutely my favorite way to enjoy a wing -- crisp-y! Their burgers are a great hearty option to pair with a pint. And they have tots. Try the Cajun ones. I usually opt for the medium heat wing sauce and their honey sriracha is a good spicy sweet flavor. Really you can't go wrong. They're crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. I tried the ghost sauce -- just a taste and it was intense. Not for me, but for all you heat lovers out there -- that is your sauce.
These wings were out of control. I used Yelp Talk to rigorously research the best wings in Rochester and these stood out as the best. I Knocked a star off for service and another star because the sweet country sauce on the wings was severely weak, bland and thin. The wings were stupendous. Crispy, tender and succulent. The perfect wing needs a skin that stays crispy even after it is lathered with marvelous  sauce and has juicy meat when you bite in. These bad boys excelled at those requirements. The medium and Siracusa Honey packed serious heat and I could not stop pounding them even though I don't do spice. I ordered the southern sweet as well but that sauce blew. The servers were very sweet but when we walked in and told the bartender we were grabbing a booth because the bar was full, we were not visited at our table for at least 10 limited before I went to the bar to get freaking menus!!!! Had the Pumpking beer too which was incredible. Overall amazing spicy wings just make sure to order at the bar.
Went after work, great Wings and friendly staff.  Fun atmosphere also has a cool outdoor rooftop to chill on during the summer time.
This place is awesome!  It's now under new ownership and it shows.  The wings are probably the best I've had, and I love how they run a sauce of the day.  The chicken marsala wing sauce was incredible.   I've never seen it anywhere else.  The staff absolutely rocks... fast, friendly, and fun!  Everyone seems to be having a great time.  Keep up the good work Richmond's!
This place is great!  The bartender was very prompt with service and the beer was cold.  I ordered the wings and was not disappointed.  I ordered the hot wings and you could tell they were fresh.  I guess the place is under new ownership and I had the opportunity to meet Mike (sort of looks like Biff from Back to the Future) he has a great vision for the place!
I've been winging around for a while.  Playing the field.  I've had my flings and my fair share of one-nighters.  I've woken up next to some wings that I'm not very proud of.  But it all changed when I met Richmond's.  Now, I think I'm ready to get serious.  Ready to say goodbye to fleeting relationships with whichever wing bar is close and open, to picking up wings at loose pizza joints, and to taking home trashy supermarket wings.  Ready to be a one wing-bar kind of guy. Hands down, without a doubt, Richmond's serves the best wings in Rochester.  I'd stake my reputation on it if my reputation wasn't already so badly tarnished.  Each wing is cooked to crispy skin perfection and coated with sauce evenly.  No soggy skin, no partially sauced chicken, no wings swimming in a puddle of grease, no bullshit.   Ask for them crispy unless you have a soft spot for flaccid chicken skin, which is just @#$ing weird you dirty little slut.  Sauce wise, I would recommend hot, honey sriracha, and if you like a little burn, ghost.  For those of you who like it mild (you disappoint me) try the salt and pepper, garlic parm or the mustard based Richmond's sauce.   Aside from the best wings in town, Richmond's also has at least one beer that I like on tap, a bathroom with real running water, and they serve other food items I'm told.  There's a reason people always say "Richmond's: The best wings you chronic-masturbators have ever laid your furry little hands on!*"  People have definitely said that.   *unofficial slogan, copyright pending.
We were in town from San Diego and wanted some good wings; we saw the great reviews for this place and we know the reviews don't lie. They have the most delicious wings, no contest! Also, the owner is a great guy, someone who genuinely enjoys what he does.
I thought the wings were right up there with the best of them. The owner was bar tending and he's a smart guy because he's extremely accommodating. The service was excellent. I saw a burger being  served and the person cut it in half and I've never seen such a perfectly cooked medium rare giant juicy burger in my life. If you like hot wings, try the Ghost sauce. It's extremely flavorful, not just heat.  If you like very good bar food, plan on eating here. It's very good.
The last time I listened to non-Yelp sources for wings, I suffered through one of my worst experiences for wings, ever (starts with a "J" and ends with an "eremiah's") . So this time, I went to good ol' reliable and Richmond's was top of the list. I'm happy to say Yelp did not disappoint this occasion. Honestly, Richmond's is a dive bar - fairly dumpy location. It's kinda dark inside and not exactly somewhere you'd be taking any older relatives, unless they just want to drink all night to the point where decor is moot. The bartenders were super friendly and not necessarily in a flirtatious sort of way. The area surrounding the bar can be a little bit strange at night. I parked 100 ft. away and as I walked towards the bar, a guy on a bike rode towards me and started telling me jokes (some involved current events). Then he started to panhandle for money. Since I thought his humor was reasonably effective and I felt kinda bad, I gave him some money. He thanked me by saying, "In my next life, I'm coming back as a Chinese girl for you." This better be the best darn wings because the experience is getting weird... I came in to take out some wings and noticed it might've been '60's night because of the way some were dressed. Ummmm...Austin Powers casting called: they want their extras back. The women were wearing those '60's style multi-colored dresses. The bar isn't large, though it is multi-level. One of the ladies dressed in vintage accidentally gave me a butt check in the cramped space. I went for the medium wings as well as the garlic parmesan. Next time I would go stronger than the medium, but these themselves were still quite nice. There was a decent amount heat to them, which was combined with a nice velvety finish. Additionally, the wings were not too sour either...a good balance of flavors. I was skeptical about the garlic parmesan wings initially because I had a really bad experience with those at a place around Boston. However, this is western New York and this is a different story. These were terrific. If you're not into buffalo sauce, most definitely go for these. The garlic parmesan wings are deep fried, then are sprinkled with garlic salt, black pepper, and parmesan cheese. The wings are crispy and savory on the outside, with the meat tender inside. I loved how both wings excelled at the three most important aspects of a good wing: the respective sauces were brilliant, the skin was crispy, while the meat inside was tender. The price was about a dollar a wing, which might be a little pricey, but so worth it. The size of the wings were generally large. The blue cheese wasn't all that great but I can overlook that, since it wasn't necessary for the wings. Service was excellent and again, friendly. I actually decided to order some wings to take home to Boston and I told the lady on the phone that I was flying with them. The bar took the extra time to saran wrap the boxes of wings for me so that they were tight and secure (I provided extra tip for their extra help). Plus it would fend off any passengers or airport security folk from taking my precious. The garlic parmesan was a little soggy by the time I had them back home, but I expected it. Overall, the wings still held up fairly well. Richmond's is now my go-to place for wings when I visit Rochacha. Sure, I can try other spots raved about by reviewers, but I have to visit here at least once during my travels back.
Best Wings in Town... No question! AWESOME Barkeep Niki! Order some Fire Ball Shots! & have some fun!  Enjoy some live music with Jeff!
I hate to be "that guy" but maybe that's who I am.  I had the wings - half medium and half "Richmonds", and they were pretty average to me.  I thought the Richmond's sauce was interesting - a little sweet but not overwhelming.  That said, I probably would not get that sauce again.  The medium were pretty good but did not find them better compared to some others I've had in town.  Overall - its a nice place to chill and grab a beer.  Decent tap selection and good amount of room.  Happen to be there on a live music night which added value to the scene.  Also my friend ordered some chips - they were pretty decent - a good addition to a few beers.
I like it there. They're nice. It's cool, in a kind of uncool way. The neighborhood is entertaining- watch fights in the bar across the way's parking lot from the roof- hilarious!!! You can wear what you want and be as weird as you want without anybody being mean. Crowd is strange- meaning all sorts, can't pinpoint a type. Never eaten there.
I went in here for the wings and was not disappointed! We ordered the medium-heat buffalo wings and they were crispy and so hot we could barely hold them. The wings were cooked to that right degree of crispiness, but still moist. The wings came with celery and blue, of course, but I have to say the dressing was pretty good. I am assuming it was homemade, but not sure. At minimum I can tell you that the dressing was not the normal bland blue cheese you find at most restaurants. We also had a cheese steak that was studded with some nice hot cherry peppers. That was pretty good but might have been better with some kind of mayo on it. We should have just asked for it but had eaten so much of the sandwich at that point. Plus, this probably would have been the clincher for an immediate heart attack. The crinkle cut fries also came out piping hot with some great seasoning on them. We really were there for the wings though. Beer selection was decent enough. So aside from top-notch wings, another surprise for the night was the service. The service was really great, friendly, and speedy. Definitely coming back here for when I need a wing fix!
Richmond's is a nice cozy bar downtown with average food and beer selections. Marty's Meats sometimes sits outside, offering patrons access to their delectable smoked and grilled goods. I can understand why Richmond's is extolled by some: it has a Cheers vibe and the staff are friendly. I don't have that "regular" communication with the staff or patrons, so I'm rating it merely on what it offers: a comfortable place to watch a game, grab a beer and eat some bar food. You could do a lot worse than this place and on a Sunday during football season, it's worth a visit.
Hands down the best wings in town, and that's saying something since you can get serviceable wings anywhere and pretty good wings almost everywhere in these parts. Bar's comfortable, owners nice but the wings are great! Favorite wing styles are Salt & Pepper, Richmond's, hot, and sriracha honey. The burgers are very good as well. Half pounders I believe and the fire starter  is very very spicy. Love going there for some genny light tall boys and chicken wingy
I love this place, have for the last 13 years, and look forward to the signature mustardy wings every time my work takes me to Rochester. This last trip was no different. Several of my co-workers poured in late after our work was done. The proprietor/bartender greeted us immediately upon entering the building, a lost art altogether. We ordered wings and a few pitchers. I was concerned that the Mustardy wing sauce might be off putting to some so went half and half with the wings, 30 signature, 30 buffalo. Though the buffalo sauce is very respectable in its own right, my friends were smitten by the signature sauce. Had to order 30 more signature wings! Only later did I find out that their has been an change in management over the recent year or so. In my opinion this change has only improved upon what was already a great place. It has been remodeled and cleaned up but the service and the food is every bit as solid if not better. The only downside is that I can't call it my favorite "dive bar" any longer.
Friendly and accommodating folks here.  I hade the buffalo chicken sandwich with house made chips Cajun style.  I liked everything but it was a little bit on the sweet side. Even the blue cheese seemed a tad sweet.  And also lacked the chunky ness in like. The roll on the sandwich was quite good, a heartier type roll.  The buffalo medium was hot enough for me but may do hot next time. They have several types of sauces to choose from too, not just buffalo. And the buffalo has flavor, not just heat.  Good beer selection and super nice cook, owner and bartender.  Upstairs deck in good weather and now OFF STREET PARKING in the back. That means we will be visiting more often now.
Okay, so this place def falls under hole in the wall, but let's be honest. That is some of the tastiest food out there. My optician recommended this place. He said I should get the "Richmond" style wings.  I ordered them hot and extra crispy. ... Ok, I'm back. Wow. The hot is HOT! I usually get them hot but I can barely take these. The taste however, is deelish. The sauce is not only hot but you can taste the Cajun seasoning, very nice touch. I am very happy with this find. BBL!
Closed on Mondays....   I was visiting Rochester on Business and was happy to find a friendly neighborhood bar that reminds of the one I have back home...   The wings were prettty good (loved the honey sriracha) and the beer prices were inexpensive... Will definitely return next time in the Roc
THEY ARE OPEN AGAIN! Jeff Basco cleaned the place up and it looks great. Already been back a few times and it is better than ever.
This is my new favorite bar in Rochester.  For those a slightly more adventurous, it's off the beaten track of East Ave, only about 2 blocks back.  This however allows it to be not too packed, so you can actually have a conversation and not be screaming to be heard.  It recently changed ownership, and the current owner gutted the place, and it looks really nice inside.         With a few big screen TVs downstairs and dart boards you can be entertained, along with the colorful personalities at the bar.  There is also an upstairs (no bar though), so you can have more intimate conversations or when it is too packed downstairs.  There is also a rooftop deck that I can't wait to use once it becomes nice enough, for I'm touting it the best view of the city from a bar!   Richmond's has been always known for great pub food, and it still does.  I've been to there on Sunday's a few times, where they bring in an outside crater(Uncle Ralph's) for BBQ, it is simply the absolute best.  Great value, and now my mouth is watering...  Richmond's wings might really have to be the best in Rochester,(hailing from Buffalo, I can make calls like this).  You must try their hot wings.  They'll ask you how hot is your hot?  From a scale of 1-10, and 10 being with the use of GHOST chilis!  I've only tried as high as their 8 so far, and its was a truly burning and fun eat!   Richmond's has your main domestics, but also rocks some of the Roc beers of Rohrbach, and Genny on draft!  They have great handmade pizzas, and Thursday nights have a partially blind piano player who is a smashing good time!
I am from New York City and I was only in Rochester for a brief stay, working as an actress in a show here in town for a couple months.  Out of all the different places we tried out, this was by far the best.  Jeff, the owner, takes huge personal pride in this place and making sure things are run right.  The food is GREAT.  Wings are always crispy and every flavor I tried was delicious.  Also, the BBQ on Sunday nights is crazy good.  I'm not a beer drinker, and they've got good wine and hard cider (which are my standards when I'm not drinkin whiskey).  Good place to go with a group of friends, or to go and make friends sitting at the bar.  This is a fantastic local find I will miss!
Great place. Not a dive!! Good food.
I used to love the wings here -- but did this place close?
I am upgrading my rating to four stars based on our most recent visit.  Arriving around 5PM on Sunday, and with no staff yet arrived to help, owner Jeff treated us like family, quickly pouring us a cold draft and ushering us up to the patio where we wanted to sit.  He asked us which station we wanted to listen to, which was a nice touch, since most Rochester radio sucks.  As has been my experience in the past, Jeff will do whatever it takes to make a happy repeat customer, and this trip was no exception.  We were hankering for burgers, and i wanted to get my favorite firestarter...unfortunately they were out of habanero relish, so I opted for the Cherry Bomb burger with cherry peppers.  Not as hot obviously, but still a great burger...cooked just a smidge over the medium rare I requested, but still very delicious and served on a fresh bun with amazing thick crunchy onion rings.  They are seriously incredible.  While we were already clogging our arteries, we decided to also add a basket of crinkle fries with cheese and fresh sliced jalapenos...mmm, SO much better than pickled, and so many places miss the mark on that detail.  Fries were crispy and not oversalted, jap slices were fresh, and cheddar nicely melted....delicious.  Jeff made several trips up to the deck to check on us and make sure everything was perfect.  Beers were cold and delicious. With all the negative reviews on Gate House lately, this is moving into my starter slot for go-to Burger and beer joint.  The deck doesn't look out onto much, just an empty back lot and over to the new Captain's attic, but if you take a walk over to the back wall, there is actually a rather nice view of downtown to enjoy.  Perfect way to wind down a lazy Sunday after the long holiday weekend.
This spot is like the little scrappy brother to Milestones, which is only a few blocks away.  I might just think that since they were owned by the same guy for a while and 'cause they're so close, though.  Anyway, Richmonds is more of a bar than a club, which is all for the better if you ask me.  OK, there's no real "stage," per se, but the bands who play here do just fine without one and it contributes to the overall less stuffy atmosphere.  The usual scene--straight-up American rock 'n' roll and an eclectic crowd (hipsters, greasers, working joes, downtown fringe weirdos, off-duty cops) drinking American beers and getting cozy in a non-pretentious environment.  Also, if you need to get away from the bustle for a little while, just go upstairs--you can settle into a couch next to a Franklin stove or play some pool, foosball, or (!) air hockey.  Yup...also a slammin' jukebox.
Best Delmonico steak ever!  This off the beaten path "joint" was recommended to us by some random dude at the Bachelor Forum- man was this guy right. Best steak I have had in a very long time and the sassy bartendress was very nice and cute too.
Not as good as the hype. Band that was there was bad. They got my wings order wrong. No A/C so it was hot as hell there.
The place is open, newly remodeled and under new ownership. We had some of Uncle Ralph's Steak out, on site every Sunday, and it was awesome! Big portions, lots of options for additional flavoring and the wings are still delicious! Only 4 stars because the waitress forgot some staples: plates for us to eat wings, refills on drinks, clear plates, steak knife w/ steak- but the owner stopped by to introduce himself, refill our drinks and thank us for coming in.
