First time here.... my friend and I were the only person there for like 5 minutes so we were immediately greeted and seated. Drinks, we had the Vietnam ice coffee and regular green tea... picture of the ice coffee provided. I ordered number 14 and my friend order duck phu. I cleaned my plate!  Delicious.  My dish had alot going on, carrots,  cucumbers, beef, noodles, lettuce,  onions and so much more.  The combination was excellent,  not over powering or overwhelming.
Wish I had taken more photos of what we ordered!  We got the charbroiled pork chop with rice, some chicken with rice, the bun with pork and spring rolls in it, and mixed bun with pork, shrimp and chicken.  The pork chop was sooo sweet.  My son picked all the meat clean off the bone!  It was all very delicious.  The portions are decent.  You should leave satisfied if you are not a ginormous human being, like my fiancé.  He was still hungry so he ordered some summer rolls with pork.  Solid Vietnamese food and the owner was so nice!
I found Nhu Y using Yelp. I was traveling to Niagara Falls, NY with my husband and we were looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant. We were pleased with the food and friendly service. We ate summer rolls and crispy spring rolls which were delicious and fresh. We each had pork dishes. I had shredded pork with broken rice which was tasty.  My husband had roasted pork with vermicelli which he thoroughly enjoyed. If we lived closer to Nhu Y we'd come here more often. If you are a fan of authentic Vietnamese food you should stop in. You won't be disappointed.
It is very slow, poor service I never see, the food is bullshit Never go to the bullshit place, please
We're from middletown, we drop by this sole viet retaurant. I say this is authentic... Good food and service.
I've been to countless Vietnamese restaurants  all eating pho noodles in soup. Their soup base is quite on the earthy/herby side. It's not my favorite take on the tradition soup, but I'm glad the family has stuck to their roots and continued to use the original family recipe. It is run by a family of Vietnamese people and everything seems to be made fresh when you order considering the long wait times after you order food. Compared to the standard Vietnamese placed in NYC, their dishes are more simplified, probably because of the cost of getting the standard ingredients in the Binghamton area. In addition, the prices are very high. Almost double what you expect to pay in the city for half the food, so you better be ready to pay when you get the Vietnamese pho cravings.
Great Pho! I went here with my roommate (it's a 25-minute walk from campus, for those interested) and we ordered the summer rolls, roasted duck Pho, and fresh fish Pho. Everything was delicious. Most of the tables are deuces, though there are some four-seaters. It's a pretty intimate place, so come here with a friend or two, not large groups. We will be back!
Had the pho' tai (#10) and was very happy, the broth is very delicious, one of my favorite pho' spots in the Binghamton/Vestal area
My wife and i became interested in trying Vietnamese pho after seeing Anthony Bourdain eating it on his TV show, so while in Philly we tried it and were disappointed by weak and flavorless broth. So when Nhu Y opened in Campus Plaza we were looking forward to trying pho again and are we glad we did - these guys made me a pho lover! Their broth has a real depth of flavor and is loaded with meat. When you add in the fragrant thai basil, bean sprouts, lime and hoisin sauce it pushes the flavor into the stratosphere. I am going to let you in on a little secret that not everyone knows. If you like spicy stuff DO NOT use the Sriracha sauce in your pho. Instead, ask for their home made chili sauce. This adds not only heat but also additional layers of flavor. Be forewarned though - this stuff is extremely hot! So use a small amount (1/8 teaspoon or less) mix, taste and then add more if need be. This stuff is specially made to go in the pho and takes an already delicious dish to an even greater level of awesomeness. Please note: while the broth has been cooking all day, they do add the meat and cook the noodles to order so it does take a little while to make your food. This is real, home made food, so do not expect McDonalds type speed. Be patient though and you will be rewarded with one of the most delicious treasures this area has to offer. Nhu Y is one of my favorite places to eat and it is not uncommon for me to eat there multiple times per month and sometimes multiple times per week. I really want to try some of the other dishes but the pho is so absolutely delicious that I have to order it. Give them a try and you will love it too!
New Vietnamese restaurant to replace the hole when Mekong left. This is definitely scaled down, as the base options are pho, vermicelli, and broken rice with various toppings. Higher prices than expected for this type of restaurant - most entrees are $7.50-8.50, regardless of lunch or dinner (Tapatios still has the best lunch prices in town), but worth the trip to get your Vietnamese hunger fixed. Be sure to bring cash, as credit cards are not accepted yet. *Edit 5/19/2011* I am told that Mekong closed down when the owner died, but his family has reopened the restaurant again. If it has maintained its quality, I'd recommend Mekong for sure over Nhu Y. Check them out in Johnson City, NY.
I go to this Restaurant once every other month for my Pho fix. Usually I get the BBQ pork roll which is usually made fresh but the last time I went there the roll was smaller, cold and cut in half so I knew something was different. Obviously it was not fresh. Fresh is better we will wait for it. As for the pho they seemed to have cut back on the MSG flavoring in the but after adding Sriracha Sauce it all came together. U hope they go back to making the rolls fresh and put back a little flavor into the Pho. As far as I know this is the only Pho joint in the area so we gotta make it work. Prices are right and atmosphere is simple.
Excellent meal with very friendly service.  The Pho broth was some of the best we've ever had. The summer rolls and sauce were also delicious.  The pork and vermicelli noodles alone were worth the long drive. A bottle of sriracha greets every table. Did we mention the friendly service? Eat here!
I have been to several Vietnamese restauraunts and it is one of my favorite kinds of food. This place is great! We ordered phó tai. The broth was beefy, savory and had the right amount of slightly sweet spices. We were offered a tasty spicy chili paste to add to the soup which was awesome. The Vietnamese iced coffees were so good, nice and strong..just the right amount of sweetened condensed milk. Next time we will try the summer rolls with homemade peanut sauce! They also have Bánh mì (Vietnamese style hoagies/subs) which everyone loves! The service was excellent and if you have never tried this kind of food they will explain it to you and help you find what you would like to try. We are lucky to have such delicious restaurant in our area! :D
Simple, no-nonsese, delish! Forget the frills and focus on the super-fresh vegetables, herbs, and spices. There were so many flavors in the noodle dish I ordered. And the owner is sweet. Yay for authentic Southern Vietnamese in Vestal, without the hassle of NYC. (Cash only).
The restaurant itself is very small. Very simple. I tried their house special pho and it was good!
This was the first time I had ever tried pho, I'm gluten free so I was a bit on the hesitant side but was pleasantly surprised when everything contained rice noodles. The price is very cheap for the amount of food you get, and so worth it! The fish in the pho melts in your mouth like butter! Would defiantly recommend this and will be coming back
I was watching some show and someone mention Pho and I decided I wanted to try it.  I am so glad I found this place. It had for months been conveniently tucked in the little plaza I drive by a zillion times a day! I was stoked to find out the noodles are RICE noodles(Gluten-free) and the meat and fish is so delicious. Be AWARE if you have a Gluten Allergy in the Seafood Soup they use fake CRAB MEAT NOT GLUTEN FREE! AMAZING none the less and so filling. BEAUTIFUL Decor! Friendly Servers and I cnat help but CRAVE the DELICIOUS FEAST!
A-OK that's all I gotta say about this place. We should have turned around and leave when we were arrived in an empty parking lot. We both had the PHO, for the price they charge I was expecting a large bowl but instead it was only a medium size bowl (and they call it Large) and the broth is not as clear as the others out there but instead dark and very oily. It was also very salty as well. The selections are limited, but at least authentic, when looking at the menu it is like reading a book, lots of words and only couple pictures.  Overall all A-OK, I will try other Vietnamese restaurants in the area next time.
This is my second visit here but I am not from the area but travel on a regular basis. Honestly yelpers I'm a bit disappointed with you. My original review here is a year plus old and there has not been hardly any activity here.
I studied abroad in Vietnam and I was quite excited to try this place out initially. I went and I absolutely loved it! This place truly is authentic in its taste as well as the clean and light feeling Vietnamese food in Vietnam gives. You can hear Vietnamese people cooking in the kitchen so you know the natives are cooking which makes it even more authentic. Their summer rolls are quite delicious as appetizers. Great place to eat after a night of drinking!!
I'll keep this short! 4-star is on the high side but it deserved it. The place is clean, the staff is friendly and food is decent. It's probably the best you can find in the Binghamton area. One thing that is needed to point out is the portions are small for what you pay elsewhere (it's the cost of being in Vestal, I guess). If you want good pho that is worth your time and money, travel north to Syracuse and Utica. There is no comparison.
excellent vietnamese food.... certainly the best in the Southern Tier.  Their Pho is very tasty and filling.  I've eaten here several times and will continue to do so because it's not only excellent food but it is a local business with a very pleasant owner and staff!
The food was very good, yet expensive for Vietnamese   I enjoyed a new drink here however, hadn't seen it on the menu anywhere else....Lychee Soda
After not having a satisfying experience at Mekong, I was eager to try Nhu Y, as it is the only other Vietnamese restaurant in the area.  I was pleasantly surprised at the pho served here.  I ordered the House Special Pho.  It was actually still steaming when it arrived at my table, which is how pho is supposed to be served.  There was an abundance of meat and vermicelli.  It was exactly the pho I wish I had at the other establishment and is comparable to the pho served in NYC (for us city-dwelling students who miss pho).  Although pho here is priced higher, it is worth it. This restaurant definitely does not warrant 1-star, especially since there is a sign on the door stating when and which days it is open.
Service is okish the price for pho is expensive but i guess this is local so you
Small, but inviting place. Though the seats are super close to one another...you don't even realize it when you are offered great service. The food and pho here are great. The brisket is done just right and tastes perfectly with the noodles. For the amount I'm paying, I just wish the portions were a little bigger. Don't forget to bring cash because that's all they'll take. Great place to go!
Food was fresh and tasty, but the service was pretty slow. It's new, so once they get the service issues worked out, I'd try it again. A seemingly very authentic Vietnamese menu.
While visiting the area on a business trip the hotel recommended this place.   This way my first time with Vietnamese food and will, for sure not be my last.   We both ordered a hot noodle soup....forget what they called it but it was "house special".   It was excellent!         Waitress was great, she showed us how to order and eat our meal.  The price was excellent but remember to bring cash as it is cash only.  Also they do not have a full bar.        Don't hesitate to visit place is excellent!!
i'm not sure how this place got so many good reviews...maybe they haven't had real vietnamese food before? all i can say is that the Pho broth isn't fresh. I recently moved here a month ago and asked around to see where they had good Pho, and I had high hopes when I came here, but I was unfortunately really disappointed. The owner was nice and cut me up some jalapenos upon request, but at the end of the day.....you'll be disappointed if you know what good pho actually tastes like.
