What a great surprise  a must if you are nearby  Great room and food The prime rib sandwich is a 10 along with the sweet potato fries The raw oysters and the fried oysters are done to perfection My family and I truly enjoyed this gem
UPDATE: My wife and I made reservations to Remlik;s to celebrate our one year anniversary. While making the reservation, my wife asked that we not get seated in the sweetheart booth. The girl who took the reservation confirmed the request and told her that the booth is either love or hate.  We've sat there and don't like it.  The night of the dinner, they took us right in ( it was BUSY) and they  took us right to the sweetheart booth. We told them we specifically asked NOT to be sat there. From there,  they tried sitting us at a high top table in the bar.  We told them we were not going to try to eat a romantic dinner in the bar, especially for this special occasion. Then they sat us in the 'office'. A room off the main dining room. Great! it was quiet and just what we were looking for. The service, was a bit slow, but the server was great. Our meals were also very good. My wife got beans and greens. She said it was quite tasty. I got the veal saltimbocca. While the portion was miniscule and came with no veggies or any kind of a side dish, it was delicious. For the money, I thought it would have at least came with a couple sprigs of asparagus.
I was really excited to try this place, the pictures looked great. Very disappointed, had the chicken Satay for $10 and I received a very small 3 oz portion of "ok" tasting chicken. Then I ordered diver scallops, I thought it came on butternut squash, but it came on a small bed of rice instead. The scallops were small and not the greatest. I'm not sure if it was just an off night for this place or what. I really wanted to like it, but after $56 I've had better $25 dollar meals at chain restaurants . I wish I would've taken pictures of the chicken, it was so small that it was almost comical!
Great music and fantastic food. The fried oysters are fantastic and easily one of the best things on the menu. I highly suggest it. The decor, although a beautiful building, is lacking. Also slightly pricey but i would NOT consider it over priced. Highly recommend everyone to give it a try if your looking for a great meal!
I've been going to Remlik's off and on since they opened.  I've honestly never had a bad meal here.  They do a great job.  The design of the place is a little strange and the wait staff can never quite seem to get it together 100%, but they always deliver when it comes to the food.   I've since moved away from the Binghamton area but returned over the holidays.  This place is city quality and continues to put out good food.  It's expensive for Binghamton, but average for NYC or Boston.  But, when you've got a special event or looking for a classy night out, its well worth a visit.
Honestly in my top 5 restaurants of 2014 - I arrived late in the evening, but I was warmly greeted and not rushed. I chose the tomato bisque with goat cheese, and I couldn't get enough. Others recommended the steak or seafood, but I chose the roasted chicken instead. I'm so glad. It may be the best non-fried chicken I've ever experienced, roasted in a maple glaze and juicy throughout, served over a sweet potato hash -- with proscuitto!! A surprisingly great meal in a place I didn't suspect. One note: this restaurant is in a larger building with other retail, so don't be surprised when you enter the parking lot and don't see it. I almost left except for the glowing sign outside. It's worth the find.
Not in love with the decor on the inside of this place, but the food has always been fantastic. I can't wait to go back when the weather warms up and sit on their outside porch. Doesn't get better than that. Overall, it is a very nice restaurant with constistently yummy food. But I would recommend going on a summer night and enjoying the outdoor patio.
Service was a little slow, given Saturday evening. The Chilean sea bass was great. Lamb was a little undercooked.  Fried oyster appetizer was superb. Dress code is not quite dressy as posted on Yelp. Smart casual will be just fine.
Returned for restaurant week and had the loveliest lunch date with a friend. 3 courses for $12 is really a steal at Remlik's. We had our choice of seating and a great waiter to start. We both got the garlic knots as an appetizer and they were fluffy perfection that tasted even better dipped in the fresh marinara sauce that accompanied them. I had the fish and chips as my entree; the fish was fresh and fried to the ideal golden state and the fries were amazing (I love when they leave the skin on). Dessert was four delicious miniature cream puffs that were refreshingly cold and not at all soggy. Remlik's is truly worth making its way to your itinerary!
Mom... I love you for becoming a yelper. Mom, i love you for visiting me and taking me here. Mom, thank you for feeding me the best... I mean the best food ive ever had in binghamton. You've made my days sunnier in the cloudy binghamton sky. You've made me jealous that i cant go back to eat the fishie i had... Because you know its an expensive fishie... BUT!! Ill come back, again for this fishie. And clams too. Mom, thank you, remlinks thank you for making me such a good damn fishie.
5 stars all across the board. Some of the very best food I've ever eaten. Prices are a bit higher but that's expected. The waitstaff is great as are the bartenders. All around Remliks rocks!!!
Went to Remliks earlier this week and was very disappointed.  Our waiter was excellent..  He was fast and he knew his stuff. However, the French onion soup was different than in the past and the main course, the twin lobster tails, were severely undercooked. Both my friend and I ordered this special and we were both very disappointed.  To make matters worse, when they took the lobster back to bring us new tails, the manager, Linda, came back and appeared to accuse us of trying to maximize free food which is ridiculous.   Linda had the wrong approach. She was condescending and fake which fueled the fire even more.  Unfortunately Remliks is now much lower on my list of favorite area restaurants.
Stopped there after work for happy hour amd was not happy. Ordered one drink after waiting for the bartender to come from whereever he was at. Then to get a second drink seemed damn near impossible. He literally took drink orders from people who arrived after me whike I was sitting there patiently waiting. The bar was not crowded at all either.  I do like this restaurant but the bartender today was bad. I left amd took my money where ot would be appreciated
The first couple of times we went to Remlik's, it was OK - which was not OK, because I expected more.  A couple of weeks ago, thanks to a gift certificate, we went back.  And our experience was much better.  I'm not sure whether they changed or I did, but I'm willing to give four stars now. The service was attentive and friendly, but not annoying.  We split the ahi tuna appetizer.  It was delicious - almost raw, as it should be.  My wife is a lamb fanatic, and was very pleased with her braised lamb shank.  I had a strip steak that was more rare than medium rare (which is what I ordered), but that's better than being overcooked.  A bonus is that they source many of their ingredients locally.  You know what, I just talked myself into giving them five stars. Desserts were good too.  We'll be back, even without a gift certificate.
The building housing the restaurant is beautiful and the setting alone is worth the trip. I have visited twice and been pleased with the food and service each time.  My most recent visit was for lunch during restaurant week.  The soup du jour was potato leek which was velvety smooth and delicious.  The blue cheese sliders were perfectly topped with blue cheese, a nice smoky bacon and a fig balsamic reduction and were also very tasty.  The side of house made chips were a disappointment as they tasted a bit stale and could have been more assertively seasoned.  The coconut cheesecake was so good that I would have licked my plate if I had not been in such an upscale setting.  The cheesecake was far better than the somewhat dry turtle brownie also offered for dessert. Service is pleasant and attentive without being intrusive.
PROS Ginger Martini - off-the-menu, bartender-created martini made with 2 parts Van Gogh Citroen Vodka and 1 part Domaine Canton French Ginger Liqueur; strong and spicy; so enjoyable we plan to purchase the ingredients Thin Mintini - made with candy cane vodka and Godiva chocolate liqueur; tastes just like the Girl Scout cookie; though it might seem like an after-dinner desert drink, I enjoyed it as a prequel to my meal Pumpkin Pie Martini - made with pumpkin pie vodka and pumpkin cream; decadent; a slice (or, in this case, sip) of the holidays Bread & Butter - bread was perfectly baked and just chewy enough to be considered chewy with a slightly flakey crust; butter was soft enough to easily spread and slightly sweet; an unrequested (though much appreciated) bread basket refill was delivered to our table within minutes of us finishing the first Risotto Croquettes - lightly breaded (and presumably fried) house-made risotto served with a marinara dipping sauce; definitely an appetizer to share with a friend as the croquettes were quite dense (though flavorful and the marinara sauce did a nice job of cutting the heaviness of the risotto and breading) Butternut Squash Soup - outstanding; candied nuts of some sort (walnuts, perhaps) topped this butternut squash puree; creamy without being too heavy Tomato Gorgonzola Soup - equally as stupendous as the butternut squash soup; creamy with chunks of the gorgonzola cheese that gave the soup a (quite enjoyable) chewy quality; topped with a puffed pastry Jumbo Diver Scallops - with roasted butternut squash, apples, caramelized onions, toasted hazelnuts, and cider; we ordered them blackened and were not disappointed; impeccably cooked (not underdone as scallops often are); the previously-listed items over which they were served complimented the scallops perfectly -- I only wish there was more of them Guinness Braised Short Rib - with potato puree, asparagus, and toasted hazelnuts; having been braised with Guinness, the short rib had quite an interesting taste and while the meat itself was a touch on the dry side (it could have used more gravy, perhaps), the potato puree gave it the moisture it needed Pumpkin Cheesecake - with a butter crust, caramel sauce, and pecan brittle; if pumpkin pie and New York cheesecake had a baby, this would be it; much more richly-flavored and textured with pumpkin than any other piece of pumpkin cheesecake I've had; the pecan brittle was a nice touch that added that extra texture and crunch to the desert Peanut Butter Mousse Pie - with a chocolate peanut graham crust and peanut butter mousse; heavenly; the mousse was light and fluffy, the crust just moist enough to still be slightly chewy; we actually planned on splitting a desert and started with the pumpkin cheesecake, but decided to splurge when the cheesecake turned out to be so phenomenal Serving Sizes - perfect for one person; I would not recommend sharing an entrée, though splitting an appetizer or desert with one other person (as we did) works out well Service - classy, professional, prompt, and friendly; our bartender (Stephanie) and server (Grant) both went out of their way to make our experience at Remlik's exceptional Atmosphere - though renovated, the space still retains much of its historic charm and while the tile floors and high ceilings amplify the noise level quite a bit, it was still a relaxing, intimate dining experience CONS Elderberry Fizz - made with St. Germaine, raspberry vodka, champagne, and cranberry juice; okay, but not really what I was looking for in my pre-dinner drink; I should note, however, that the bartender (we arrived early for a drink at the bar before being seated) immediately offered to make me another drink that I'd love (which she did and it was amazing) -- I just made a poor decision Price - expensive (especially for Binghamton), but you do get what you pay for (meaning, it was worth the price)
Love the food. The seafood is fresh, but service is slow. They seem disorganized. I had to wait 30 minutes for my brushette to come and another 30minute for the sirloin steak. I would recommend you make a reservation before you go and expect to be there for at least 1.5 hour.
Had to write a review for the sushi.. I have eaten sushi all around the area, and the spicy tuna roll at Remliks is out of this world.. worth the $10 for the roll... Kampai comes in 2nd, but you just cant beat the sushi at Remliks.. try it out
UPDATED REVIEW (5/2014): We tried the restaurant again, at the tail-end of Mother's Day, and sat in the main dinning room. Based on my expeperience, I'm raising my review to four stars. Their beer prices are no longer ridiculous, and they have expanded their draft selection to include at least two or three respectable craft beers. It's still not varied enough for such a fine-dining establishement, however. The food, service and decor, however, were all outstanding. We got there towards the end of their special Mother's Day hours (they are normally closed on Sundays), and were greeted and served by very friendly and attentive staff throughout our whole meal. The menu choices were interesing and varied, and all of our meals were very tasty with generous portions. Everyone left stuffed and happy. The actual decor and atmosphere in the historic Kilmer building is beyond description...nicest in the area. This would be a five-star review if they improved their craft beer selection. (ORIGINAL REVIEW) I've only been there once, for lunch, and sat at the bar.   While the place is in a very beautiful old building, and the food was good (if a little overpriced), I was disappointed in both their beer selection and prices. Now I love craft beer, and was surprised that such a high end restaurant had almost nothing on draft to match the level of food, wine and service one would expect in a place like this. They did have Chimay Blue in the bottle, however, so I ordered one with lunch.  I was charged $12 for the 11 oz. bottle.  Utterly outrageous.  So outrageous that later on I looked up what Chimay Blue goes for in restaurants in NYC via the "beermenus.com" website:  It averages $9 in MANHATTAN.  This is Binghamton.   Won't be going back.
This place is fantastic. Service is exceptional, and the food is really great. They add just a hint of a modern twist to traditional American comfort food by introducing a new or different ingredient. For example, one of my friends had the tomato gorgonzola soup as an appetizer, and there was a delightful puff pastry lid to contrast with the creamy soup. Delicious! I had the bacon wrapped meatloaf, and ugh. UGH. UGH IN THE BEST WAY YOU CAN IMAGINE. The bacon wasn't burnt to a crisp, as it sometimes may be at other places. It was just tender enough to eat with the meatloaf, which would have been fine by itself, but the bacon just elevated it to another level. You could even taste the hint of applewood. The meatloaf was also moist, juicy, and overall wonderful. I cannot say enough about our waiter. He was really on top of his game and made sure everyone at the table was happy. He didn't even complain when one of our friends came late and ended up not ordering anything, he just made sure she was comfortable. The only thing that I'm concerned about is the location. Since the location is located in the old Kilmer building, there isn't a whole lot of establishment near the restaurant. I really hope this doesn't contribute to the downfall of this place, because it's one of my new favorites! Overall, a wonderful experience and I am definitely looking forward to my next meal here!
I've been to Remlik's three times for three very different occasions and came away from each experience loving this place more and more! My first visit was during Binghamton Restaurant Week.  We sat in the bar/lounge area and took advantage of the special prix fixe menu they were offering in conjunction with Restaurant Week.  They typically offer two menus: one in the lounge and a more upscale one in the dining room.  But having experienced both, I can attest to the fact that it's all good no matter what side you're on.  That first night we had some kind of BBQ plate that came with a choice of soup and dessert for $20!  The service was friendly, attentive and professional.  The ambiance was great from the paintings on the wall and ornate cavernous ceilings to the cool music and romantic lighting.   We enjoyed our dinner so much that we returned to Remlik's with friends on New Year's Eve.  We went all out that night and ordered oysters from their amazing raw bar and sushi made by a 20 year veteran sushi chef!  I started with the bisque which was drop dead delicious and had the pork chop for my main.  This chop was huge, the size of two or perhaps three normal sized pork chops.  I was concerned that it wouldn't be cooked all the way but I had no reason to worry as it was PERFECT!  We also ordered a variety of their signature cocktails which were super good. The last time I was there was in celebration of a friend's new job.  Once again, the service was great.  It took us a while to make up our minds and our server was very patient, answering all of our questions and never tried to rush us along.  We ordered from the raw bar and it was excellent as always.  Next I tried their tomato Gorgonzola soup which was to die for!  For dinner I had some kind of chicken dish which was surprisingly delicious but sadly no longer on the menu.  And of course we had martinis since this was a celebration after all! Three different occasions but one consistently great experience....Remlik's is one of Bingahmton's brightest new stars and definitely one of my favorite places!
Visited Remlik's this week while in Binghamton.  One Word..FANTASTIC! The appetizer was great (lamb) and my Sea Bass was the best.  Light flaky TASTY.  I even called to see how the prepared it so I could try it at home and Chief Jay took time to talk with me.  The waiter was great and knew a lot about wine.  We had a great Chardonnay!  The other person in my party had the Scallops and LOVED them. Will go back until I try everything on the menu!  My friend had a martini and loved it, my scotch was a little light.  The only negative.
Very well done. We had a party of 7 so we had a large variety. Let's start with the drinks. I'm lactose intolerant and they did a great job of trying to figure out if the drink I wanted had cream nor not - to the point of googling it. Big points from me! The salmon was fantastic!  The appetizers were good. We had the beet salad (loved it!), calamari (mediocre), the fried oysters (amazing).   Salads were good but too many carrots on the wedge!!   Nice, creamy ceaser!  For dinner, we had several steaks which were all pretty well cooked.  All of them were delicious!  I had the salmon (medium rare) perfectly cooked, loved the risotto and the spinach. Sea bass was a big hit. Duck confit was over cooked. Chicken was great. Pappardelle was good as well. The service was amazing!!  The room we were stuck in (party of 8) was freezing. Very good experience.  I would go again.
I have been to Remlik's a few times now, but every time I go it has been for an event. So this review isn't so much for the restaurant as a whole, but for the food quality on the limited menu they give for dinner events. First the bar. The bar is a nice, large wraparound bar with a good selection of cocktails and decent beer selection. True they don't have a lot of draft beer but I think it is adequate. They make a good gin and tonic with several different gin options so that's all I need. The appetizers they give us include fried calamari, shrimp cocktail, chicken skewers with a peanut sauce (sorry don't know the name), and some others. All told everything was great. The shrimp were huge and well cooked and the calamari was perfectly fried. I was disappointed that a place billed as an "Oyster Bar" doesn't offer oysters as part of their event menu, I think it would have been a nice addition. The bread they bring is good and fresh, though they do not provide butter, only olive oil. I love bread with good olive oil but they only pour a small amount onto one small plate which makes it a bit awkward to try to pour onto your own bread dish. I would prefer a small bottle of olive oil on the table instead. For the entree I have only tried the filet mignon. It is always cooked very well and tastes great. It's served with a balsamic reduction and topped with blue cheese. This is quickly becoming my favorite way to enjoy filet. Though I also feel there is nothing wrong with just some good ol' salt and pepper. Now dessert. They offer a chocolate tort, creme brulee, cheesecake, a chocolate peanut butter tort, ice cream, and probably a couple things I forgot. I opted for combining the chocolate peanut butter with the salted caramel ice cream. It's technically two desserts but it is a combination that should be standard. The tort is basically a giant peanut butter cup and the cool sweetness of the ice cream cuts the richness perfectly. I enjoy Remlik's every time I go. I don't know if I would go when not for a dinner event just because of the price. However, if I was looking for a fancier place to go in Binghamton I would certainly put it towards the top of my list of choices.
Another nice restaurant.  "Relaxed" service in a fine dining atmosphere, do not expect to be in and out in an hour.  Go to Applebee's for that.  This place will allow you to enjoy your "dining experience." My wife started off with a French Onion Soup that was so rich and decadent, she couldn't eat it all.  She didn't want to get too full from eating soup!!  And my Beef Tenderloin Tartare was very flavorful, and well garnished with capers and Dijon mustard.  Never seen it that way, but it worked. The salads were nice (not too much to say about salad) but the entrees were spectacular.  Wife had a huge slab of meat they called a 14 ounce cut of Prime Rib, but it looked more like 20 ozs.  Cooked to her order and very nice.  Excellent texture and beefy flavor (I snuck a taste).  My Guiness Braised Short Ribs were fork tender and melted in my mouth.  The pureed poatoes were loaded with creamy, buttery goodness.  Some of the best whipped potatoes I've ever had.  And I can't comment on the asparagus because I do not eat asparagus for reasons I will not get into. Overall, this was a great dinner.  The only thing that could have made it better would have been Italian Cream Cake for dessert.  But here in an area of the country loaded with Italian heritage, you can't find it.  What's up with that?
Rhode Island oyster is my absolute favorite. It tastes like the Martha vineyards oyster from Massachusetts  and it's also filled with juices but it's smaller so it's the perfect size! British Columbia, Canada oysters are exactly the same as California's oysters that I frequently enjoy in NYC. Nothing new. Massachusetts oyster is full of juice, a bit salty but a whooping size oyster it is. Not chewy, fresh... Slurp-able! Delish! Caesar salad is sour and um yea, not a fan at all. French onion soup is super flavorful and was surprisingly amazing. Cheese was heavy in size but not overwhelming, instead it complemented the soup really well. Braised short rib is all the rave on yelp. Confirmed. Tender melt in your mouth. Whipped potatoes are fantastic, flavorful yet not overbearing. Fish and chips--- chips are fries. Extra crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. My favorite! And the fish was not too fishy and lightly breaded. Had an amazing meal. Service was attentive but short and sweet. And the plus, my waitress was pretty. There's always pretty waitresses but she was sweet and had a real pretty face! Minus the salad it was perfect
The inside if this place has a great ambiance. The food is good. I haven't found a signature dish here, but it's on par with similar area restaurants. The service has been good in my opinion. The only drawback being the price. If you intend on drinking with dinner and getting an app or 2, the bill for 2 people is going to be over $100 before tip. But overall a good experience the 3 times I've been there.
I have been to Remlicks 4 times now and simply have to review it since I have been so disappointed. I went once and loved it, I was with a group of physicians and the food and service were wonderful. I gushed to my husband that we must go again. Then we went and everything was of a different quality but we figured maybe it was an off night. Gave them another try and things were served cold, under seasoned and the crab dip was watery! We said" never again!" But we were forced back in order to attend a friend's party. Again food was served under seasoned, I had to salt my SALAD, my medium rare filet was served well done on a cold plate and while my husband's was prepared correctly, there was a huge amount of tendon in his piece. For $32.00 a piece, that is simply unacceptable. The appetizer of cold gummy rice balls was also under seasoned and served without serving utensils. The creme brûlée was very good, but our menus and server acted as if it was included. They said "which dessert would you like?" Not "would you like dessert?" For 8 bucks each I could make creme brûlée for a month. It really amazes me that there are so many good reviews. Have I really just been that unlucky? Never again! Not even for a party!
One of the nicest places to dine in the area.  The restaurant is in the beautifully renovated Kilmer Building.  It also houses shops so parking is at a premium. We dined with friends we were visiting at Christmastime.  Delicious steaks.  My sailor husband (a seafood expert) raved over the scallops.  Sadly, no room for dessert -- we'll have to try next time.
Been here 3 times now. Great place. Environment is classy. Service is good. Good food choices. Half pice wine on Tuesdays. Love that. Overall a good $$$ resturant that I woudl go back to.
Always a place I can count on. Business or pleasure we always have a great time. And the food is always impressive.
This is a great place to meet after work. The bar staff is really on their game. Drinks stay fresh and you can order from the full menu at the bar. I like that. The tomato Gorgonzola soup is to freaking die for. If you like French onion soup, then you will love Remliks. I am super picky about crab cakes, and Remliks did not disappoint. It is also important to note that the atmosphere here is great. One of those places that just carries a good vibe.
Would have given one more star before our last visit. Love the décor here but on our last visit the waiter was less than professional, my drink was missing a key ingredient and there is no more espresso.....
Great setting. Very good raw bar and onion soup. Fair prime rib. Servers were young and attentive. Not worth it.
Remlik's is my favorite restaurant in Binghamton. It is quite pricey, expect to spend about $50 a person. If fish or seafood is you thing then it doesn't get any better than this.
Have eaten here with some frequency and while noise is always an issue for me, I'm glad we've been getting a private room for our business dinners.  Love Love Love their tomato Gorgonzola soup.  Service is  good, Food is even better.  Presentation is okay but the flavors are their forte.  Last night I had the lamb shank - great fall grub.   Tender and flavorful.  The fried oysters were lovely.  As was the pumpkin pie martini, but I should have had that for dessert but I was seduced by the drink menu.  Keep it up -- Remlik's is becoming our go to restaurant
Best restaurant in Binghamton, period, by far.  I really like ordering the crazy sushi by the piece for an appetizer.  I've never had the same dish twice at Remlik's and every single dish I've tried has been spectacular.
I've been here a few times and have liked everything I've tried. It's a great atmosphere, with renovations that have kept the original architectural integrity of the building with modern updates. We had the house chips with bacon and gorgonzola- they were delicious! Served warm with so much flavor I didn't  need the ketchup. We then had the oysters bingo with spinach and asiago. The seafood was fresh although there was a very generous portion of spinach in each oyster. For entrees, I had the risotto primavera with chicken. The risotto was delicious, cooked well and not soggy or gummy. The fresh vegetables were good and a generous portion of these ensured you weren't left wanting more of them to go with the risotto. I could have done without the chicken as it was dry. My date had the lamb shank and it was delicious, the meat was falling off the bone.
Was taken out by family for a "nice meal" this past week - between the oysters, steaks (hanger steak was especially good) and desserts, we had our fill of a fine time....
I went there with a friend of mine during Binghamton restaurant week. The taste of food was fine but it was not worth of the price they offered. A few days after, I checked my recent credit card activity and realized that they charged me 20 dollars more. I recall clearly that I didn't write anything under tips section because gratitude tips was already included in total. I called back to the restaurant, and it was apparent that either the server or restaurant manipulated the merchant copy. They said they will send the money back to me. This is an obvious illegal conduct, and I'm NEVER going back there again.
I  went to Remliks during thier promotion through Binghamtons restaurant week, an experience that hope Remliks regrets if they want to engage in a profitable business for any reasonable time and not end up out of business like thier predecessor in Kilmer bldg. To begin the restaurant week menu was as limited in its choices as it was vague about the sample size of thier entrees... Smoked drumsticks & rib meal was not even close to an entree barely an appetizer for one. Seriously WHY would they not use this opportunity to impress me? Far from impressed the "smoked drumsticks" were chicken legs ( yes those little itty bitty buffalo style ones!) and no joke maybe 1/8 of a rack of baby back ribs...what a f-n ripoff for $20. The attitude of wait staff was also sub par, treated us as if we were of some diminished social class trying to take advantage of thier business through this restaurant week promotion... If Remliks did not want to participate in Restaurant week promotion then they certainly should not have, to think that by offering me this pathetic garbage as upscale dining by serving me a SAMPLE ENTREE management expects to get repeated business is quite laughable... As a matter of fact the # of people i have told to avoid this place is on double digits...if they keep up this kind of business they it wont be long before a For Sale sign is in thier window
Went to dinner there on a Monday night, very nice atmosphere in old Kilmore Building, nice but not over the top expensive feel. Greeted quickly and everyone from hostess to our waitress wad very nice friendly and happy to help and explain the restaurant and food. Started with drinks, I had the 1903 Hot and dirty (vodka, olive juice and blue cheese olives, it's good if you like olive juice, otherwise stick with normal martini). Someone had elderberry fizz, fruity and bright drink, very nice almost no alcohol taste. We started with oysters, tuna and beef tartare apps, oysters were great and served with cocktail sauce and a house made hot vinegar just like you would get in New Orleans. Tuna was excellent cooked rare and very flavorful, beef tartare was good, more minced than other tartares I have had, it had capers to which added a nice flavor to the beef. Soups were also excellent, tomato gorgonzola is great if you like tomato soup with a touch of cheese and a great tomato acid and flavor. The special soup wad curry and carrot which treated like fall, wad not overwhelming with curry and was very good. For mains we ordered short ribs, which wad cooked nicely, very tender but moist, a touch salty but overall excellent. The salmon is delicious, perfectly cooked, juicy and a good size piece of fish with a delicious saute off spinach and cheesy risotto underneath. Only thing that seems out of place is balsamic reduction around that plate which is good, but unnecessary. Chilean sea bass is also excellent, The best part of that dish is the crab au gratin which is superb and very tasty the fish was delicate and very good. For dessert got peanut butter pie, which had a homemade crust, peanut butter mousse and homemade whip cream on top. Great dessert, perfect for 2 or 3 people because it is a good size dessert. Be aware, it is not cheap, especially for the area, but it is well worth the trip for a very good meal, cooked well with great service.
Consistently great food, wonderful ambiance, but unfortunately the service was not so great.  My boyfriend and I went for lunch during restaurant week and waited well over an hour for food.  We were one of only four or five tables, and our orders were not big or complicated (sliders and fried fish), so we felt like we were forgotten.  We even had to take the dessert to go because the wait was so long.  No apologies or explanations from the staff.  We had been one time previously and the service was good, but still not great.  Would be willing to give you guys another try in the future maybe.
Down right fabulous I must say, great setting, great service and great food
Excellent food, the Tomato gorgonzola soup is the best ever. Service staff was really trying but they were young and inexperienced often unattentive. Still one of the better places to eat in Binghamton. Definitely would reccomend.
Warm, friendly welcome. Attentive wait staff. Right touch. Attentive without hovering. Oysters and sashimi were exquisite. Romantic ambiance.
My wife said the previous owner used to go off in the middle of service, screaming at the servers, bartender, hostess, kitchen staff etc.  I think there's a new owner now.  Anyway, Remlik's has pretty much the same food and service as Number 5, but less choices.  The chicken, especially the chicken oscar is better at Remlik's, the steak items are better at Number 5.  There's a new sushi bar -- it's passable but pricey.  Soups are very good. The atmosphere is actually a little less stuffy than one would imagine when typically paying $100 for a meal for two.  What would make this a five star for me?  Better drafts, being farther away from other dinner guests(I hate being right on top of another couple that acts like eating out is the most important forty minutes of their week) more entree choices.
Dined here during trip through Binghamton.  Restaurant is in a sort of industrial area in what looks from the outside like an office building.  Turns out it is a old but renovated factory building.  The interior architecture is spectacular - gorgeous columns, ornate ceilings.  Big spaces.  The food was very good but didn't quite live up to the setting.  We had French onion soup and the carrot ginger soup special.  Each of us liked our soups.  I had the scallops and my companion had the salmon.  Both were cooked beautifully.  The off note was that the pecorino risotto was bland and mushy.  I'd go again if I were back in Binghamton though.
The food at this place is very good but the service needs work.  We have visited this place 3 times so far and food always tasted different.  During our first visit, we had a later reservations where I ended up ordering the Prime rib and ended up received a end piece that was overcooked and not 14 ounces.  My wife had the Pappardelle which she loved and talked about for days.  She also enjoyed a beverage called the Lindsay Lohan which is no longer on the menu(bring it back!!).  Our second visit I figured I would give the Prime rib another shot since first time it disappointed.  This time it was cooked perfect and the sides were spot on.    Our third visit we came back with a group of 6.  After getting seated at a very nice table, the hostess decided to move us to a tiny table that you can barley seat 4.  We refused to get seated at this table and were moved to a table closer to the bar, which made our experience less pleasant because of noise.  This time the food was just ok, I'm not sure if it has something to do with the way the night started or having a large party so the food took longer to prepare.
