A must-visit if you're in Binghamton! Had breakfast today with my wife and daughter, a sophmore at Binghamton University.  I knew we had found someplace special, when the cook stopped to say good morning and welcome us. Let me count the ways...to rave about breakfast. The wait-staff was attentive. The homemade corned beef hash was delicious! The pumpkin pancakes were amazing - huge, but light and incredibly flavorful. The cheese omelet was scrumptious. It was like my wonderful, great-aunt made breakfast for us...heaven. We cleaned out plates. It's a small place...you may need to wait. We waited 15 minutes.  I hate to wait for anything, but I would wait for an hour to eat here agaiin.
The very reason we love yelp!! Using this app helps us find the scrumptious hidden secrets of cities and towns we visit.  Before heading for our third campus tour in as many days, we searched for great breakfast place in Binghamton. Village Diner was exactly we were looking for, full of locals were they know their names and food to make you want to live there. Full stack of pancakes is GI-normous! Three 10" pancakes will make any grown man cry. And the Bananas Foster are never to be forgotten, I didn't want breakfast to end. When in Binghamton, do as Binghamtonians do! Go to the Village Diner.
The Village Diner is a tiny little diner in the heart of Binghamton, NY.  If you're interested in really getting the local flavor of an upstate New York town, it's here. I had breakfast here on a Saturday morning, and because it was crowded, the remaining available 4-top was a European seating option with what turned out to be two other local diners. They were two nice guys, local to the area, and Village Diner regulars who love the place -- one had brought back a recipe idea from a trip to St. Louis for a "breakfast bowl" that the diner adapted and makes for him on a regular basis. There are many interesting, creative menu options like "Root Beer Float Pancakes," pumpkin pancakes (would have loved to try those, but was headed for protein that particular morning)and interesting breakfast sandwich options.  I had a Biscuit breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and sausage, and the biscuits were so flaky, I had to eat it with a fork and knife! The service was good, and I would go back again for those pumpkin pancakes!
Small place, but excellent food. I had the root beer float pancakes and my girlfriend had the pumpkin pancakes. Great prices and large portions.
Simply delicious and very reasonably priced. Can't beat it as a diner for breakfast...
This is one of the best hidden gems in broome county. The wait staff is very friendly. The chef/ cooks are amazing and very creative. For breakfast try there pumpkin pancakes, cheddar grits, homemade corn beef hash and home fries. For lunch, try there homemade burgers, grilled Mac n cheese, THAT chicken sandwich, and fish tacos. Basically everything they make is amazing. Also they welcome suggestions and who knows one day it may make the menu. Bon Appetite!
Fantastic breakfast for a family of four. Waitress and cook and everyone was extremely nice and attentive. Based on other reviews I expected it to not look like very much from the outside but wasn't prepared for it to look like a dump. But inside was cheery and bright and nice. The food was great. I had to try the root beer float pancake and it was lovely. We were just traveling thru but thrilled that we found the Village Diner on Yelp.
Unreal awesome little joint and the friendliest folks you'll ever find. Win win win!
This place is a gem. The room is tiny so I would suggest 2-4 people groups at most. The pumpkin pancakes are fluffy and flavorful, and the coffee is quite good! The scrambled eggs, Italian toast and home fries were also great. My friend had the french toast breakfast sandwich and said it was amazing. I also tried her mozzarella sticks, which were perfect. The people are so friendly here - I shared smiles and winks all around. Truly a diamond in the rough!
Just ate breakfast at this little hole in the wall. When I pulled up I had my doubts given the location and surrounding area, however I was always told not to judge a book by its cover. When I walked in the waitstaff couldn't have been more friendly, and the menu had an array of delicious sounding breakfast and lunch items. I played it safe with a Greek omelet and a side of fruit. Everything was fresh and delectable - I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the service is friendly, and the menu will surprise you with its attention to detail, and quality, creative food. Not your typical diner fare.
Had the club sandwich, big and tasty. My wife had the hamburg, also good. Ask for the fries crispy. They were good. The place itself is not to look at, but it's a dinner. Nice people and good food. Going back to check out the I melts, which looked good.
Went for breakfast. It was so hard to decide on what to get. Many interesting breakfast specials. Service and good was excellent. Small diner with great food and service
What do you look for in a diner? A well-chosen menu, with friendly service, and where everything tastes homemade, and not institutional? Then they have everything you want. It's a tiny place, so we were lucky to get a table just before noon on a Sunday. I got some some pumpkin waffles with a side of bacon, and lots of coffee. A great breakfast. The lunch items looks good too. Will be happy to go back.
Outstanding food, service and prices. We had pumpkin waffles and a Mexican omelette. Do yourself a favor and eat here.
Great breakfast. Fast and friendly service. Highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
I'm on a local diner tour this winter and The Village Diner happened to be a place my friend suggested.  Happy he did.  This place doesn't mind changing what you've been lead to believe a diner should be.  They have all of the staples, but somehow, it has a more youthful, almost experimental, vibe to it.  I've never been to a diner that offers smoked pulled pork sandwiches, which are awesome, or stuffed burgers.  I've tried the stuffed bleu cheese burger, and if you're a bleu cheese fan, drive down to floral ave, spend 7 bucks, and try one.  Hasn't disappointed yet the two times I've been there.  Will be back to try root beer pancakes!
real cool diner, i just wish it was a little bigger! it's got a nice 50's theme for ambiance and the staff is really friendly, the head cook always asks us how our food was and even told us his special way of cooking their pulled pork. speaking of their pulled pork, it's great. there's no legit bbq places in the area yet, aside from a couple restaurants, most places phone it in and used precooked meat, but not this place, i could tell by texture and taste that the meat was fresh, and then the cook confirmed it himself. not sure if the bbq sauce was homemade or not though, but the coleslaw on the sandwich was very good for a mayo based slaw (i'm more of an oil and vinegar guy). on the other hand, the french fries i got with it weren't too much to rave about. on my next visit i got the fried chicken sandwich. you could tell it was house breaded, it was good but i just wish they used a bigger piece of chicken, mine didn't even fill up the whole bun. the onion rings i got with it though were great, as was the chocolate shake. the shake wasn't too thick, it was actually drinkable with a straw, which is a plus in my book. looking forward to trying their burgers and their root beer float pancakes next.
