If you are into New York Style Pizza this is definitely the spot.  I eat Pizza like every other day on Lunch and this is typically where I end up going to.  The meatball parm (aka. the grandma') is the best along with their Garlic Knots. The prices are decent - have to spend $5.00 for a credit/debit card purchase.  Oh... and some people might think it is a problem, but I think it is funny.  The employees there act like they live in NYC as they have no patience for customers who don't know the regular routine of moving down the line.... They have a sign and basically says you are on a cell phone then we won't take your order - to give you an idea of their mind-set. I find it funny to watch them basically look at customers with the "what the f*** do you want" eyes.... Can't be an easy job...  I personally like the guys in there, but figured I should warn you to pay attention to what everyone is doing around you... otherwise you might be a little off-guard with the responses....  This is my fav place for pizza in Rochester!
Holy Cannoli, Batman!  This is it!  This is true NYC pizza in Rochester!  I can't believe it's taken me over 10 years to get here, but I finally have, and it's probably the homiest home-away-from-home location for me in town.  As someone who practically grew up in NYC for 18 years of my life, I can tell you that these guys have got pizza right! From the awesomely thin (but not tortilla) crispy pizza bottoms to the shredded dried oregano spread amply across the cheese, or even the nonchalant deadpan Italian staff trying to shuffle the traffic through the pizza parlor, this is what true NYC pizza is all about!  If the crowd inside or smell wafting from beyond the doors wasn't enough, then take my word for it - you don't want to miss this!   I tried both a slice of cheese pizza and a stuffed slice of sausage and pepperoni and Lord almighty, they've got this in the bag.  I am forever sold as a customer to them.  All it took was one visit for me, and I'm sure it'll only take one visit for you as well.  May they be open for as long as I live here!!
I recently started working in the downtown Rochester area- a couple of blocks away from The Pizza Stop.  Upon a recommendation from a coworker, I decided to check out The Pizza Stop on State Street.  Since my first visit, I have gone back for slices at LEAST twice a week every single week.  I am not originally from the Rochester area, but this place is the first I have found that really makes me think about my hometown pizzeria.  Hands down the best, thin crust, New York style pizza in Rochester.
This is some serious pizza! I'm in love. I really enjoyed how well-balanced my pizza slice was -- I opted for the meatball parm. This is a must try. It had the perfect amount of cheese to sauce to toppings. The meatball was top notch -- good enough to toss in pasta -- tender, not overcooked and well-seasoned. The crust was on the thinner side and had a nice crunch to it, not bland either. Props to the pizza master. Plus, some of the best sauce I've had in a while. I also realized I didn't have any cash on me and they have a $5 minimum for credit cards. So, of course I had to toss in a couple garlic knots and a Stewart's root beer to put me over the min. It was slightly over indulgent for lunch but I could resist eating every last bite. The garlic knots were golden brown on the outside and soft on the inside, coated with a hefty hand of garlic butter and Parmesan. They're the Italian soft pretzel. A side of marinara? Next time. Icing on the cake. I'd probably only come for pick up or a slice to go, but it's a great lunch option if you're in the area... since it's the only place still open on this stretch. They have seats to eat in. Parking isn't the greatest but I found a couple spots on the street on State. Next to try... ordering a whole pizza pie to-go. Perhaps buffalo chicken pizza per Naz's recommendation. I can't wait for more.
zomg. I have found it. Legit NY pizza*, here, in downtown Rochester! Praise the lord! I will always have a soft spot for Joe's Brooklyn in Henrietta. They practically saved my life in college as I was going through withdrawal, and they're really nice guys (they remembered me after 3 years of being gone). I cannot resist grabbing a slice whenever I'm in the area, but now that I have experienced the wonderfulness that Pizza Stop is, I don't have to schlep to Jefferson Rd anymore. To be completely honest: both establishments stay true to the New York style brick oven, thin crust, not too cheesy, fundamentally great tasting sauce tradition. Pizza Stop has the one-up on Joe's because they're closer to home and their garlic knots are way superior. Second to the slice, garlic knots are not a thing to be messed with. Other random highlights: + Seating situation is ample and clean. No idea what these other reviewers are smoking. + They take Amex + Nice workers + This location is closed on weekends ;( LOVE YOU PIZZA STOP. -- *When I review "pizza" I mean normal fucking REGULAR pizza. No buffalo chicken, BBQ flavored chunks of white meat, "can I get some blue cheese too?", weird bullshit toppings on toppings on toppings kind of pizza. I'm talking straight CHEESE-SAUCE-DOUGH. Weirdos.
The food here was good, actually.  However, this place definitely deserves 2 stars.   The staff is very rude, they have very limited hours, their prices are pretty high, and they don't seem to care about their customers...only their product. I'd say this is a place to check out but if you want quality ingredients, food, customer service, etc then there are plenty of other places to go in Rochester.  I'd take Pontillo's, Mark's, Guida's, Fiamma, Chester Cab, and Nino's over this place all day long. If you're in the area, it's worth checking out.  If you're looking to get awesome pizza and willing to go out of your way to get it, definitely look elsewhere.
Easily one of the best pizza places in Rochester. There isn't much room and it is usually about 900° F in there but the pizza is worth it. I only wish they were open on weekends etc.
Thank you, Yelp, for directing my boyfriend and I here for amazing pizza!  The price is right, the service is quick, the crust is thin & crispy and ethereal -- almost snaps when you eat it -- DEEEEEEE-Lish!  The only thing I would change is that they would deliver to your home and/or be open on weekends.  But I respect their craft enough that neither of these count against them at all.  GREAT pizza -- don't delay going!
I know this place has the best pizza in Rochester. But every time I come here, I am reminded just how good it is. It's a no frills pizzeria joint. Just great NYC style pizza. The perfect crack in the crust when you fold the slice. The perfect 3 drips of oil on your paper plate. Everything pizza should be. I love it. Also, don't forget to try the grandma's pizza....special sauce, fresh mozz and very garlicky.
This is seriously the best NYC style pizza in town. The garlic knots are also very good. It has a great location unless you are driving, street parking or there is a pay lot a couple of doors down. My only issue is the service. The counter person refused to give me a separate box from my friend for my slices. I even offered to pay for one to no avail. I will be back because I can put up with the attitudes for pizza this good but probably not for a while.
Just like being in the city.  The pizza and garlic knots are wonderful and served hot.  The prices are very reasonable and the best part is that it is very close to work.  However I would walk for a slice this good any day!
My new favourite is the Buffalo Chicken pizza. Plenty of chicken and buffalo sauce all over this one. The sauce even has a little kick to it. Their garlic knots are seriously not to be missed. It is hands down the best garlic knot I have ever had. They do not hold back on the garlic and the bread is just chewy and delicious. Best 3 for $1.10 purchase you will make. The service remains as curt as ever. On my last visit, the guy was busy pulling out people's pizza slices from the oven so I turned to talk to my friend. I happened to turn around 30 seconds later and the guy was just gesturing impatiently at me to order. Breaking news - contrary to rumours, I do not have eyes in the back of my head and a silent gesture when my back is turned is not going to get you anywhere. I am glad they are efficient at least. I have seen them be friendly with regulars that they recognize so maybe frequent visits will increase one's likelihood at non-curt service. But the pizza is so far and above anything else in Rochester that I will put up with the "service".
As a transplant from northern New Jersey, I searched in vain for good New York-style pizza until I found Pizza Stop. By far the best in Rochester. I just wish they had later hours, or delivered to the east side!
I am a fan. I don't know too much about authentic pizza, NY style pizza and the nuances around them,  but what I do know is this place makes tasty pizza. Real tasty pizza. We ordered from here into our workplace on Friday (no delivery, which is a pain), and everyone thoroughly enjoyed it. We got cheese, spinach-ricotta and Pepperoni, and they were all excellent. Fresh ingredients, tasty sauce, perfect thin crust and great texture made for a wonderful combination. Definitely returning to this place.
I love the pizza here, although I only order their thin crust one. This is the place I go for pizza at work, and sometimes order to take home. Their seating is bare, and small, and can get really hot, so I only order to go. Their service is not the friendliest, although they have never been rude to me. But I go to this place for one thing, thin crust NYC style, pizza, and they do this very well.
Are you people crazy? This isn't only the best pizza in Rochester. It's the equal to Ray's, Famous Ray's, the Original Ray's, and the Famous Original Ray's. In other words, walk into this place and you'd think you'd just stepped off a side street in Manhattan. And to know good pizza, you have to start w a plain cheese pizza. None better except maybe when I was in Florence.
Best New York-style pizza in Rochester, hands down.  Their pizza typically has a crispy, thin crust and well apportioned, soft, gooey cheese.  If you work downtown and like pizza, this is an essential lunchtime eating spot.  Their Sicilian-style slices are also very good --- crispy, thick crust with a soft dough, and warm, garlic-seasoned tomato sauce.   One word of caution if you've never been and are going for the first time.  Their service is a little on the rude side, which isn't saying that the service is necessarily slow or unhelpful.  They remind me of the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld --- if you don't know what you want the second your turn is up to place your order, they won't be happy with you.  I guess its because this place is usually very busy at lunch and they need to move people along.  But the pizza always comes out fast and they always have many different kinds to choose from.  Prices are good too --- usually you can buy two slices for under 5 bucks.
Ok. Maybe I've been eating bad pizza for too long. Perhaps I have acquiesced to the mediocrity of commercial chain pizza. Well not anymore. One bite from a slice at The Pizza Stop snapped me out of my Domino's induced daze, brought me back to my senses and reminded me of what good pizza actually tastes like. My expectations were high from reading all the glowing Yelp reviews. With that said, Pizza Stop's pie exceeded my already high expectations. After eating the pizza, I thought about giving the guy behind the counter a hug. I held back mainly because I did not want to be permanently banned from the restaurant. I also hesistated since he was burly, tattooed and I didn't want to get punched in the face. I got two slices: 1) spinach, tomato, ricotta and 2) meatball parmesan. Both "New York Style" with a thin crispy crust. As James M. mentioned in an earlier review, the crust is thin and airy, but still maintains it's structural integrity without being "flaccid."  The beauty about NY style pizza is that it never feels too bogged down. There's just the perfect amount of sauce, cheese and ingredients without making the pie feel too heavy or rich. I enjoyed both pies, but preferred the red sauce of the meatball parmesan. The closest thing to a perfect slice of pizza i've ever had anywhere and not just in Rochester. Out of all the pizza i've had in Toronto, Atlanta and even Manhattan, the Pizza Stop stands out as one of the best. The only shortcoming of the Pizza Stop is their business hours. They are closed during the weekends for whatever reason. I guess they do enough weekday business. It's a shame, because I would be eating a lot more pizza if they were open on the weekends.
This really is about as good as it gets, and I don't just mean in Rochester.  This pizza passed all the tests to qualify as a solid NY style pie.  Thin airy dough, nice char on the bottom, crispy enough that you can hold the slice straight out with one hand (slight fold of course) without your slice going totally limp and dumping all its toppings.  It might not seem like a big deal, but trust me that there is nothing more disappointing than getting ready for some hot steamy pie only to watch your lunch go flaccid.   There's many appealing choices and combinations of toppings.  My favorite so far is the parmesan meatball.   Definitely a place to grab a few slices and either eat there or on the sidewalk.  My first time with Pizza Stop we got takeout and I was left wondering what all the hype was about.  The next time, I went for lunch, ate my pizza while it was still hot (rather than steaming in the box for 20 minutes getting, well, flaccid) and I had no doubts that this was definitely the best NY style pizza in Rochester, and possibly the best overall (toss up with Chester Cab's Chicago stuffed).   Pizza Stop is head and shoulders above the last few slices I had in Manhattan.  Not claiming its the best ever, but its legit.  Just wish their hours allowed for a weekend slice, as its a little out of the way for a weekday lunch.
Will just echo what everyone else has said. Best pizza and probably close to the best food item I have had in Roc in my two years living here. I was born and raised in New York City and I think that its criminal how some establishments around here carelessly describe whatever suburbanite pandering slop they sell as " New York Style" I'm especially sensitive about bagels and of course pizza because I don't think these two foods can be accurately replicated NY style outside of the 5 boroughs. I stand corrected with Pizza Stop, easily as good as or better than slices Ive had back home. Just words of advice from a native: NY pizza (and bagels for that matter) does not have a long shelf life. It must be consumed as soon as it is cool enough to eat w/o burning your mouth. All that grease and cheese cakes up after a few minutes, and yeah you are supposed to blot off the grease with a napkin. And dont bog it down with too much crap, its good enuf to get a cheese, or pepperoni or maybe one other slice. but for crissakes dont go bog it down with chicken or 3 other toppings. The crust is not designed to stand up to that. Parking is kind of a bitch but I found a metered spot and it was a quarter well spent
May just be the best pizza joint in Rochester.  I'm lucky to work right down the street.  Awesome thin crust pizza.   Pizza stop is closed on the weekends and by 7pm on weekdays - totally worth stopping there after work to grab a pizza to go.
O Pizza Gods, give me the strength and decency to be able to eat Inferior Pizzas without making a Huge Fuss about how they are not as good as Pizza Stop. The crime here is that Pizza Stop does not deliver outside of walking distance and that they close at night. Why they do not deliver anywhere in the continental United States, twenty-four hours a day is beyond my comprehension. What I'm trying to say is that Pizza Stop is the BEST.
Best Pizza in town, period. Get the meatball parm!!! I also like the garlic knots and pretty much all the pies the offer.
Extremely good pizza! They offer really large slices and garlic knots for a good price. It is definitely worth the wait if there is a line.
Best New York pizza in Rochester, complete with a frill-less dining experience which says, "you're not here to enjoy the decorations!" That's the way it should be, and ought to remain.
I'll give it to Pizza Stop for a very respectable NYC style slice. The bacon/pepperoni slice is particularly delectable.  Very good crust (which as we all know is the most important element of NYC pizza), very average sauce and cheese, but generously applied toppings. I really had to hold back on killing many many slices.
Slightly above average pizza joint that delivers within walking distance from State Street.  Ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni. Good flavor, slightly greasy.  Makes for a great lunch with coworkers.  Next time I will try some wings and a specialty pizza. There are a few more pizza joints in High Falls that I will try out over the next few months.  This could be a competitor for my de facto pizza joint for lunch.
The BEST pizza in Rochester no contest. Line goes out the door even 20 degree weather, if I had my way I would eat Pizza Stop morning, noon and night!!
It's a good slice of NY style. Never been disappointed.
Great Value! 2 huge slices and a soda for around $6!! Great food, and as other reviewers say. They are very much like the Soup Nazi on Seinfeld.  Definitely a must stop!
Best pizza in Rochester. Can never go because I'm always working on weekdays. Joe's Brooklyn sometimes substitutes for me, but still doesn't surpass.
Great NY style slices and a great atmosphere.
Ohhh, Pizza Stop.  Thy meatball parm doth haunt my dreams.  I cannot wait for the Westside location.
Best Pizza in Rochester by a long shot.  thin, crisp, nicely chard crust. Great spice to the sauce, none of the sugar coated kind you get at most ROC pizza joints.
