So we've been passing this place on our way to and from visiting our dad in Lakeview Hospital and the parking lot is ALWAYS full...so today we went in. Don't be deterred by the kitsch in the windows...the food is good, the portions are plentiful and the desserts are great. I had a dinner special of kielbasa, sauerkraut and potato pancakes. It was fine, but the pancakes were heavy. My son had a grilled ham & cheese - it was good. Brother had a Buffalo chicken finger sandwich and loved it. Dessert is the star of the show here. Every kind of pie you can think of, gigantic eclairs and cream puffs, brownies, cakes. I had lemon meringue pie - perfect combination of tart lemon and sweet meringue; chocolate-peanut butter pie - son said the consistency was a bit thick; brother had an elephant ear the size of his head that was flaky and delicious. Service was great - friendly, fast and efficient.
I picture Aunt Millie to be a rosy cheeked plump woman related to Mrs. Clause who sings in the kitchen and really just wants you to stuff your face three times a day.  Aunt Millie's is the best place in the area, hence why the parking lot is always packed. Expect to be greeted by desserts that are bigger than your head. Breads and desserts are baked on site. When ordering keep in mind that they love to make things decadent, which means going overboard on the sauce. Luckily you can request light sauce, and share the giant dessert with a friend.
Aunt Millie's has been a long time favorite for many people and I'm not going to say I'm not a fan, but it isn't a 5 star place IMO. The food is always good, the staff are terrific, but the rave 5 star reviews aren't going to be from me! However, it just might be the best place in the area for a nice - priced right deal!
You'll find quick and friendly service here (hint: find the sign-in clipboard; you self-sign in your party here).You'll also find good rolls here--large, butter-crisped poppy seed crusts encasing fluffy insides. Other things we found here: salads a little south of fresh. The oven-roasted chicken served with vegetables and a biscuit turned out to be a sort of á la king concoction--a large biscuit under a bland gravy so thick you can eat it with a fork, dotted with a few peas and carrot-dices and some chunks of chicken. Although we were definitely enticed by the mega-sized desserts on display, those we ordered delivered little flavor (e.g., a slice of lemon meringue pie tasting only barely, only faintly of lemon? Boo on that) Meh.
This place is LITERALLY FAMOUS for desserts..... and I'm a dessert lovin' kinda gal...... so I was thrilled when a friend suggested it for dinner on Sunday night.  Upon walking in I was mesmerized by the lovely offerings in the display case.  I even joked about ordering dessert first and then having a salad or something afterward (so funny am I!)  Well, you know what.... I must tell you that dessert was the weakest link to my meal. Now, the turkey club I ordered was the VERY BEST I've ever had in my whole long life. SERIOUSLY!  REAL house roasted turkey breast, crisp bacon, leaf (!!) lettuce, and juicy tomatoes on a choice of toast (rye for me).  It was huge, fresh, and wonderful.  I would honestly drive to Irving just for that sandwich! But, the carrot cake we ordered to share looked good, and it was certainly BIG enough..... but it really wasn't all that good.  The cake was a tiny bit dry and lacking in flavor... and the solid inch and a half of frosting was on the hard side (old? too much confectionery sugar?) and didn't have that welcome cream cheese tang.   So, next time when I'm craving that sandwich (and believe me.....I will be!) I think I'll try a slice of pie.
Had the SUPER FISH FRY tonight. I've been eating fish for 45 years. This fish was AWFUL. I could easily tell that it was frozen..the fish was slightly watery and a bit mushy. The batter had an odd flavor to it?..the french fries were tasteless and mushy as well. The cole slaw had an "Off Taste" to it?...not sure if it was the mayo in it?, but i only took two bites.I love to eat but i only touched about 80% percent of the entire meal.It was awful and i really wasn't too shocked or disappointed to be truthful. Finding a truly great fish fry is becoming harder and harder to find.People who have never had good fresh fish don't know what i'm talking about. The desserts are spectacular however and if you love sweets then by all means head to this place...-Oddly the dessert showcase is parked right inside the front entrance where everyone has to wait for a table and/or check out!!...The poor waitresses have to somehow and DEFTLY try and ascertain the desserts!!
Tasteless egg salad. Took It off our bill, thank you very much! Couldn't even comp a slice of apple pie. Again thanks. Not coming back
So delicious, but so unhealthy.  You can taste the butter drenched in the homefries.  The homemade sunflower bread is delicious. I had a feta spinach egg skillet that was great, but I was drooling over all the dishes I saw being delivered around me.  Had dessert to go - cannolis and reese peanut butter cup brownie, A 45 minute ride from Buffalo, but after a stop at the reservation for gas, you make back the gas money
Aunt Millie's Family Restaurant and Bakery.... Clean inside and out, good value, friendly staff, good grub and outstanding selection of baked goods. We happened upon Aunt Millies on our drive south on Route 20 in New York.  We were coming from Niagara Falls, and were headed to see the giant "Dolly Dimples" waitress, a famous roadside attraction in Silver Creek.  It was getting close to lunchtime when we spotted Aunt Millie's and it looked busy (a very good sign).  The place was bustling, but we were seated even before I was finished ogling the gigantic pie selection, strategically placed near the front counter.  The waitress was nice but efficient and we had our lunch in no time.  I had the classic burger ($6.79), and Cindy had the grilled chicken sandwich ($6.99).  Both came with a side.  The meal was well-prepared and very good roadside grub.   On our way out, we purchased a couple of turnovers for dinner's dessert, back at the cabin. I had the raspberry and Cindy had the blueberry ($1.69 each).   Those were very good as well.
Great good ole home country cookin. I'm from SC and this is so good! Give them a try.
Great desserts at this homestyle restaurant. The menu has fried baloney if that gives you an indication of the comfort food at this restaurant. I had an open faced roast beef sandwich in white bread with mashed potatoes and gravy. It was a good sized meal. But their desserts are the thing to come for. Huge cakes, pies and pastries are on display as soon as you enter. Definitey worth stopping by if you have a sweettooth.
We went back for breakfast and I had the belgian waffle this time.  I know some may think they are all the same (and usually they are) but this one was not-it was crisp on the outside and spongy on the inside with big air pockets.  Delicious. We couldn't resist the desserts this time.  The gigantic cinnamon bun with cream cheese frosting was amazing.  We also got a huge strawberry cream cheese danish that was the best I have ever had.  Flakey, crisp pastry and the tastiest fillings.  It is worth the drive just to pick up dessert!
The food was great and the desserts were amazing. The decor could use an update. Service was great, best I have had in a while.
Dessert lovers' paradise. In other words: my paradise. The Napoleon is amazing. A large dessert to take on alone, but completely worth it. I ate it in its entirety. I reccomend trying any of their homemade desserts. Their desserts are definitely the highlight of this place.
The country kitchen place you want when you're on the road.  My family and I eat here every few months whilst visiting family.  The staff are super friendly, quick to serve (and fill your coffee cup), and the food hits the spot every time.  They are well known for their amazing pastries as well.  A must if your in the area or passing by on the way up to Buffalo.
So I wake up one morning on the floor of a beach house near Mickey Rat's with a large Canadian man sharing a pillow with me (fully clothed I may add).  As I struggle to regain my senses I notice many others strewn throughout this room slowly waking up struggling to remember what happened the night before.  Looking to quell the nauseating feeling welling up inside of me I notice that our week long supplies are all but gone and if I didn't motivate my breakfast would consist of cold beer with the aforementioned large Canadian man.  Looking to avoid that dubious fate I took matters in  my own hands, grabbed a group of semi-conscious individuals and drove down Route 5 towards Irving in search of a country style breakfast...I mean this is Evans and all its like half-country anyway.  Enter Aunt Millies... I figured with a name like Aunt Millies I could probably rustle up some hardy pancakes and eggs, made with love and served by a waitress named Flo.   However, I was completely unprepared for the surprise that waited for me inside of this diner.  As you walk in your are all but surrounded by the largest most wonderful looking pastries and pies you can ever imagine.  I felt like Charlie walking into the chocolate factory.  These aren't fancy french pastries, these are down-home Godzilla sized pastry and pies.  While breakfast was on my mind...and quite wonderful too I might add...the lemon meringue pie will go down in my personal history as the best I have ever eaten.  It is so good that I will frequently take trips down route 5...well out of my way...and grab a piece to take home with me.  While the lemon curd and crust are out of this world...it is the meringue which takes this pie to the next level.  Now mind you this pie is covered with meringue that probably sits 6-8 inches high and it is stiffer than my...hair.  This is the meringue that pastry chefs all over the world try and achieve...and I found it in a dinky diner in Irving.   Next time you're at Sunset or Mickey Rats drive down to Aunt Millies and taste her pie!!
It's Aunt Millie's Restaurant and BAKERY.    Best biscuit and gray I've had this year.  My kids says the apple french toast with cream cheese is amazing.  Great service.
Went today for mothers day with 13 people. Food had big portions and was very tasty. Deserts are huge!!! If your going out to the reservation for gas or smokes you need to stop in and check them out!!!
