My only disappointment is that it is 222 miles from my house. Off the chart cool for the area. What a find. Great food and service. The rib steak topped with blue cheese thru me back in my chair. A bit pricey so maybe it's a special occasion venue.
First off let me admit that there is no way in hell that I can afford to eat here every night.  It's way too expensive to do that.  If it wasn't for the price of the food, I would have given this place 5 stars.   Another admission: I have never eaten inside of this establishment-mainly due to the price of the food.  I have however eaten outside FOR FREE!!!    Yes I said FREE. Here is the trick.  At closing time, this place throws out everything and I mean EVERYTHING.  They start fresh everyday so everything gets thrown in the trash every night....And that's where you can find me at night.  All of their leftovers get put into clean and sealed garbage bags and tossed into the dumpster out back.  It's easy pickings for me.  My wife loves the soup so she usually brings a pair of scissors with her to snip the bottoms of the garbage bags (since all of the soups filter to, and settle on the bottom of the bags.  She simply snips the bottom of the bags that feel like soup and sucks it out straight from the bag like an infant suckling his mother.  It's actually kind of erotic.   I love their seafood.  It is to die for.  Whether i find Halibut, swordfish, shrimp or calamari or all of the above, nothing beats it.  It is sooo F-ing good.   Now I don't want to give away all of my secrets in my review, so just go and try it for yourself.  Whether you dine outback like me or your a filthy rich fat cat, YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.   Bon Appetit
I suppose we were very lucky to get a table on a Saturday night with no reservation...oh yeah we ate at the bar. Too much garlic in just about everything, enough I had a stomach ache shortly thereafter. The bartenders were friendly or condescending, I couldn't tell. I had swordfish which was a bit on the dry side. Eh, I had super high hopes maybe we just caught them on an (overly) busy night.
VERY EXPENSIVE. Food was good but not worth the price. VERY ANNOYING. They charged a per person plate charge for cutting and serving a birthday cake (which I brought in) without telling us ahead of time. If I had known this, the cake would've never gone inside the restaurant. The waiter also helped himself to a piece of it in the kitchen and even had the nerve to tell me he did it! This was our second time at this place and will most likely be the last.
Delicious margherita pizza cooked in the wood-burning oven. Nice, unexpected cosmopolitan ambiance in a rural setting, although the prices are a bit inflated. Delicious, tender filet mignon with green beans, pass on the spinach. Polenta squares were creamy, wedge salad was fresh and they offer a nice array of wines. Bread braids were a bit dense but they are served with a nice olive oil and balsamic reduction dipping dish. Praline cheesecake and oreo peanut butter pie for dessert. Live jazz at the bar.
The best steakhouse in the area, a short drive out of town, but worth it.  Service can occasionally be a little unpolished depending on the server's experience and other variables but everyone is always friendly and pleasant. The steaks and seafood have always been consistently perfect, and the fire-roasted onion dressing is one of the best salad dressings I've had anywhere. Cocktails are always excellent, the dessert menu sometimes leaves a little to be desired but the creme brulee is fantastic. Just a great and reliable place for a special night out. There is also an outdoor terrace overlooking the river across the street on warm nights, nice place to lounge with a drink after dinner. Prices are a little higher than are typical in the area, but actually very reasonable compared to steakhouses in general. You'll want a reservation, it's been easier in the last couple of years, but at times they've been booked up for a week or two in advance.
Was here recently for dinner with a large party celebrating a birthday.  I had heard a lot of positive things about the place and they were all dead on.  It was my first time here and it was amazing.  The staff was great, the food amazing.  We had the fire cracker shrimp for an app and they were delicious (almost ordered another round of them).  I had the NY Strip with the red potatoes for my main meal and it was perfect.  The meat was done correctly and the potatoes were crispy and tasty.  Granted, it was a bit on the expensive side, but they proved to be worth the money.  Look forward to returning for another dinner.
Went here for my college graduation dinner and right off the bat the service was spot on. Our waiter was witty and funny and was right there every time we needed. The drink menu is fantastic with everything you could think of, even the Belgian Ale I like! The food is also fantastic from the salad to the Prime Rib I ordered. The prime rib had a lot of flavor and had some seasoning which is good because even though a good cut of meat might have a lot of flavor, it all still needs at least some salt and pepper. The price is high here but you should know and expect that coming in and it's not the reason for one star off. The reason for knocking a star off is because of the Truffle Mac and Cheese. I love mac and cheese more than anyone I know and I do love truffles! (Who doesn't?) Anyways the truffle flavor was there but the mac and cheese was burnt on top and was very dry as if the sauce was like cooked ricotta cheese. Very thick, very dry and a couple of my noodles were crunchy. Not what I expected from mac and cheese and I was disappointed. Other than that this place was great and I would definitely go back, just not for the mac and cheese.
I had heard good things about Moxie and when it came time for a celebratory dinner, wifey and I decided to give it a try. I heard reservations can be necessary, so I called ahead. Points are scored for the general decor. I wouldn't put it on par with anything in NYC, but for the Binghamton area, it's appreciated. We were seated promptly and on the upper level of the restaurant - sort of like a wrap-around balcony. Their menu and wine list are extensive. We started off with some wine and a baked Brie appetizer. The Brie was okay. I wasn't crazy about the house bread - it struck me as a slightly fancier version of wonderbread. For the main meal, I got the glazed porkchops and my wife got a tuna dish. To be honest, we weren't floored by the food. It wasn't bad, but with the whole upscale atmosphere thing, we were expecting a little more. Honestly, I can cook a better porkchop than the one I got. Too dry. Wifey wasn't crazy about her fish, either.  The sweet potato side was great.  It's all on the pricier side for binghamton. Entree's from $15-30. Glasses of wine from $5-10. You get the idea. They also have a specialty pizza selection that looked good but we didn't really get to explore. So it was an enjoyable evening, but I don't think Moxie's will be on our return list. Just a little too expensive for what you actually get. But worth checking out all the same. I've talked to some people who absolutely rave about it.
Three of us went to Moxie for dinner on a Friday evening. Though we had a reservation (which we had to move back 15 minutes because they were booked for 7:00), we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. The food was amazing! We had the Ahi Tuna appetizer and each of us had a steak, which were flawless. Dessert, though I cannot remember what I had, was equally delightful. I would definitely come back, though the meal was extremely pricey (especially for the Binghamton area).
Came here with the fam while I was in town for my parents' 30th anniversary.  I was able to make same day reservations since it wasn't too busy on that rainy Friday.  Service was top-notch; from the receptionist to the hostess to our server, they were all very hospitable and welcoming.  My parents got a complimentary champagne toast since it was their special day and we also brought our own bottle, for which there's a $15 corkage fee FYI.  Ambiance was very romantic yet comfortable.  I could imagine coming here on a date or just a dinner with friends.  Compared to other area restaurants, this place is more modern and somewhat trendy. Their menu is based around their wood-fire grill.  Our sweet and helpful server informed us that it was "old-world" style and you could order one of their sauces to accompany your entree.  I remember seeing beurre-blancs and demi-glaces.  For starters we ordered the mussels and the ahi tuna.  The mussels were served in a lemon and cream sauce that also had pepperoncinis which provided spice and a crunchy texture to it--yummy.  The tuna was served rare with a soy dipping sauce.  Nothing out of this world but the fish was good quality and fresh.  I had the Chilean sea bass--not the best I've had but good nonetheless. I'm trying to remember more details 3 months after I started this review and it's difficult lol.. However, my impression of them is favorable and I would return.
In general, the food at Moxie's is very good. We have really enjoyed their  wood-grilled steaks and chops as well as their appetizers and salads. The firecracker shrimp are excellent! The restaurant has a nice interior decor -- very fresh and modern. Moxie's is clearly a competitor with other highly ranked restaurants in Binghamton, such as the Number 5. Reservations are almost always required. Unfortunately, our enjoyment of the restaurant has been marred on a number of occasions by terrible service, and I have been told that we will not be returning.
We visited Moxie's last night. It was our fourth time there. We really love the place. They have a good selection of draft beers and excellent specialty martinis that are not 'too' expensive. The food is pricey, but not in the least bit disappointing. We had the firecracker shrimp appetizer (very good), we've had the blue cheese fries in the past which are amazing. We've also had the berry chicken skewers (not impressive) and the teriyaki steak skewers which are amazing. They had a special appetizer - watermelon and feta salad which is a new fad item. We really wanted to try it, but didn't want 'another' appetizer and they let us swap it out instead of our house salads. I was very pleased and impressed with their flexibility and we were glad we tried it. Refreshing, different, very good. Boyfriend had Moxie's Mixed Grill skewers: tenderloin (super rare), jumbo shrimp and scallops. The tenderloin was so tender you barely had to chew it, he said the scallops were phenomenal. He said the shrimp weren't flavorful or impressive in any way. I had the sirloins steak, 16 oz. of unbelievable deliciousness. I ordered it medium rare and it was absolutely perfect. The meat tasted very fresh and perfectly lightly seasoned. We both had moxie's mashed as a side which went remarkably well with the grilled veggies which was corn, peppers and onions. Very good. Our waiter was fantastic - in fact, our favorite server at Moxie's so far (some of them can be a bit over the top). This was Steve and supposedly he was in training, but we felt he was all pro. Charming and not obnoxious. The dessert selection was 100% unimpressive and not even tempting enough to indulge. That's ok, we were full anyway. We have one MAJOR complaint - the music is godawful. PLEASE Moxie's - work on the music. We can't stand that fake elevator jazz. It's incredibly cheesey and in fact can actually get on your nerves... especially when we noticed the bartender bopping along to it - there was no reason for that - the music is NOT good enough to bop to. Total bill with appetizer, salads, main course with 2 sides, 1 beer, 1 martini was $85 (not including tip). Not too bad for a meal done very well.
Even though this restaurant is in the middle of nowhere, I really enjoyed the food and decor of this restaurant. They have a large selection of food on their menu. However I do love their apps and their pizza. Get any of the pizzas plus their kobe burger sliders, the firecracker shrimp, the wildberry chicken skrewers, the calamari, or the blu cheese fries with bacon (sooooo good!). The best places to sit are the bar or upstairs on the terrace either indoors or outdoors.  Great ambience and friendly staff as well.
Still a great dinner place and the service just seems to get better.  Dinners are delicious and portions are generous.  There really is something for everyone.   The rosemary bread is lovely and the salads are always fresh.  (Yes there is an art to making a salad.  Many restaurants will serve a sorry excuse for a salad.  Moxie does it right)  Last night, I had the diver scallops and they were truly succulent.  The horseradish apricot sauce was perfect.  Their shrimp and lemongrass special was delicious, too. I cannot pass up the creme brulee...the perfect creme brulee dish makes all the difference.  The coffee is still delicious and piping hot!
Took the family here to celebrate our daughters birthday.  Reservation was for 8:30 and they took us promptly at 8:30pm. Great wine selection and the apps and food stood up to the reviews.  We had the brie on a cedar plank for an app. I had a special for entree which was a wood fired duck breast with a wonderful sauce. The paella got great reviews from the birthday girl. We also had both the Diver Scallops and Ahi Tuna dishes which all were very good.  The sauce on the scallops was a horseradish apricot sauce which was a b it sweet. Service was excellent and the portions were just right. Very nice wine list in all price ranges. A bit pricey but the food was good.  Nice special occasion Restuarant
The food here is excellent, but the service could be improved. When I make reservations, I expect them to be honored. Nearly 30 minutes of waiting when I've made reservations 2 weeks prior is really pushing it, so that put a mild flavor of distaste in my mouth. I had to keep reminding the hostess that we were waiting for our table, which I shouldn't have had to do. Our server, while incredibly friendly, didn't seem to realize that his banter was borderline inappropriate. Maybe he felt like he could relate to us because we were a group of students, but it didn't mean that he could rant about his personal life and struggles. It just plain awkward. The food, on the other hand, was excellent. The menu offerings are diverse and provide options that explore unique flavor combinations while displaying culinary skill. I'd recommend the firecracker shrimp and calamari in a heartbeat. Fire roasted scallops and the ahi tuna steak were tasty, and both the Tango and Chesapeake Bay chicken received good reviews. Everyone who ordered steaks of sort were pleased with their dishes as well. It's definitely one of the nicer establishments in the area, and I'll give Moxie 4 stars because it's entirely possible that the staff we engaged with were having an off-night. I'd come back again to ensure that service is better, and because I simply cannot get enough of the firecracker shrimp.
For Valentine's Day, it is tradition to my wife and I go out to eat at one of the finer dining establishments in the area. We have been eager to try out Moxie Wood Fire Grill in Conklin, so we made that our choice this year. We went with another couple. Upon entering Moxie's, the first thing you think to yourself is "this place in in Conklin?". no offense to Conklin but the interior decor of the place is very metro and makes you feel like you should be in a large city. There is a bar and two floors of seating. There is also a deck which overlooks the river and looks like it would be a nice place to sit in the summer. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful and we got started with a bottle of Dr' Frank's Reisling and two appitizers: the blue cheese fries and one of their Valentines Day specials, Kobe Beef Skewers. As far as I know, Moxies is the only place in the Binghamton area serving Kobe Beef. This was our first time trying Kobe Beef and it was wonderful. It was beyond tender and has a texture unlike any steak I have ever tried. It makes me consider saving up my money and returning to order the Kobe Beef steak (which costs almost $70!). Both of the appetizers were great. For the entries, I had the Chesapeake Chicken, which was grilled chicken, stuffed with lump crab meat and topped with a hollandaise type sauce. For my wife and I, splitting the wine and appetizers between the four us and splitting a dessert between the two of us, our bill with tip was around $70. We all loved our visit to Moxies. The atmosphere was modern, classy and fun, the service and great and the food was excellent. I highly recommend taking the drive out to Conklin and giving it a try.
Moxie is definitely one of our favorite restaurants in the Binghamton area! My husband almost always gets the filet, which is always cooked to his exact specifications (And he is picky!), and I usually get the pizza, which is sooo good! They have an extensive amount of drinks (known for their martinis specifically the moxitini!) and a decent wine list. On the weekends you definitely need reservations. Price wise don't come if you are feeling cheap! You pay for what you get and the service, atmosphere and food are always top notch. Can't wait until New Year's Eve!!
A fairly nice high-end restaurant with good but overpriced food.  Decor is modern and subdued. Tables are a little cramped in areas. They have some nice beers in the bottle. Restaurant is a bit of a trek for most people in Broome County. High prices and remote location make this place a second choice for fine dining.
You know, I liked this place. Sure, it was busy, and we waited for a bit for our table even though we had a reservation, but when a sizable and relatively diverse population (relatively speaking) like this one is served by just a few "upscale" dining establishments, this is to be expected. My fiance and I met his academic advisor for dinner to celebrate our engagement. We arrived a few minutes early, and spent some time at the bar with a nice bottle of wine. We had to ask the bartender, "why is this place here, in Conklin?" -- his reply, "I don't know; the building came up for sale?" I'm still not sure where a well-appointed and metropolitan-feeling place like this fits into the landscape of Conklin (not to belittle the area by any means), but, hey -- I'm glad it's there. Our table was upstairs (which I'd say is preferable to the downstairs area, which was noisy). We all were feeling carnivorous and ordered steaks. Fantastic. Try the preparations and sauces. Everything was great, including the ahi tuna appetizer, soup, and salads (something about the blue cheese -- just great). The service was a solid 4/5; our waitress was clearly busy but fairly attentive and personal. If you really want to enjoy yourself, your pocketbook will take a hit. Save your pennies and take someone special.
Service was great, decor was nice, my wife was very happy.  we had a small pizza for an appitizer and it was excellent.  My wife had a chix dish that was stuffed with sometype of seafood and she was very pleased.  I had there "kobe 32 oz tommohawk steak"  I normally wont pay $60.00+ for a steak but It was my birthday so I thought  "what the hell".  It was exceptionally disipointing.  I ordered the steak rare, it was cooked "black and blue"  (the outside was chared with the inside being rare)  It was about 10oz short of 32oz and I seriously doubt it was kobi beef.  Kobi beef is famous for its marbling and tenderness,  I could have used a chainsaw to cut this steak.  However, everything else that we had was excellent.   Im sure we will go back (i wont order a steak) but not very often due to the high price.
My husband and I went there on our anniversary and this is THE place to go for special occasions. It was our third time there and the place always impress us. Love the ambiance. Love the food. My husband had the steak and it was perfect. I forgot what I had. It was a pasta dish and it was also good. Their servers are awesome too! She gave us a glass of champagne because it was our anniversary. They are a little bit pricey though but for a special occasions, they are the go-to place. Call for reservations coz they get packed.
So I pretty much love this place. It's by far one of THE BEST Binghamton restaurants bar none, and when I'm back in town we go at least once. Kudos to chef Valerie Brucker, and to the awesome bartenders who make a seriously mean Moxitini. Order it. Love it. Pizza's are fab. Apps are really great too. Dinner is pretty amazing. Plenty of parking, and it's always busy.
Finally  a dining spot that doesn't try to hard to be creative just tries hard to provide a unique spot in Broome County. From a location that has bever provided a winner comes Moxie's, a great place to break from the ordinary of the Southern Tier. Trendy atmosphere, modern menu with some classic renditions, attentive service from the staff and owner Mark and a "Out of town" experience when dining makes this a winner. Highly recommend this new break-through spot.
Pricey but I love everything that they serve
Amazing Foodie Experience!!! I was impressed with everything I ordered! My meal was 100% Gluten Free and had 100% flavor! Herb-crusted Lamb pops with bright mint aioli, cooked to perfection, tender, melted in my mouth with a garlic mashed potatoes. I finished with a traditional Espresso and beautiful Creme Brûlée!
amazing food, amazing service (friendly and funny waitress and free creme brûlée for the birthday guest), amazing place. byob with $15 corkage.
A group of 6 decided to visit Moxies.  Our reservations were for 8 PM and the table was running a little late, The staff was very kind about it and offered us free appetizers on the house to make up for the wait(good move!!) .  I had the burger which is always excellent.  My wife had the salmon which is very nicely prepared and beautifully served(she loved it!!).  My parents both had the special of the night(lamb) which was also a big hit.  The waitstaff and food was just excellent.   Everything came in a timely fashion and I would highly recommend this place.
one of my top restaurants in the greater Binghamton area.  It has a classy modern look and great bar.  I wasnt a big fan of the desserts the first year but the choices have improved. The wood fire steaks and chops are excellent.  I have not had any of the service issues some of the other reviewers mentioned.  Binghamton needs more places like this
we celebrated an anniversary here a few weeks ago and had the most amazing service and delicious food. we didn't have a reservation on a busy saturday night, but they managed to get us in within 30 minutes. the wait was worth it. our seasoned server was great with the perfect amount of attention and service. he didn't miss a single note. he started us off with complimentary champagne, which was a nice touch. we had mussels as an appetizer and boy(!) were they a treat! the mussels were fresh, and the flavors were rich and deep. we wanted to drink the sauce! their bread tastes fresh and the balsamic vinegar in the bread dipping sauce is so delicious! my lovely man had the ahi tuna steak which was, again, amazing as was the mac and cheese! i had the paella which was OK (a bit salty but the leftovers actually tasted better the next day). as for decor, it was modern but simple. for the binghamton area, it was quite upscale. the overall ambiance was intimate but welcoming. if you're celebrating a special day or just want to treat yourself to a nice meal in the binghamton area, i HIGHLY recommend visiting moxie's! you won't regret it, especially if you get the mussels!
great meal, steak was the best and the French onion was out of this world.
