Delcious! The bakery is really open and colorful inside with tall ceiling and cute tables to stay. My favorite thing so far is the almond scones, their brownies are excellent as well as the french toast, which is incredibly filling. It looks like a giant muffin but the french toast is really rich and delicious. On the list to try next are the chocolate ganache brownies! The staff was very enthusiastic and friendly, you can tell they love what they do.
i've been wanting to check this place out for a couple years now and i finally got around to it the other day when i went to lunch with a friend for restaurant week and i gotta say i'm pretty impressed. the place is nice on the inside but not too big. my friend has gone there a bunch of times and she said the place is never usually that packed though so i guess it's a good size for them. anyways, for my appetizer i went with the potato salad. it was just a small cup of it and it was done with a balsamic dressing. i've never had that style potato salad before but it was ok. onto the sandwich... i went with the 3 little pigs panini, which isn't a regular menu item but i guess they have it as a special every so often. it has roast porn loin, bacon, bacon marmalade, mayo, lettuce, and tomato. i asked for no tomato and they made it that way, but i also can't remember if they left the lettuce off. either way, it was a really freakin good sandwich! i would definitely hit these guys up for lunch again. oh, and for the final course i picked out a key lime pie sandwich cookie and i couldn't believe how flavorful it was i got a few other baked goods to go. my friend told me to try the almond croissant, so i got that along with the baked french toast and a cream puff. the pastry part of the cream puff was perfect but i feel the cream could have been a little better. the croissant was very good, you don't see those homemade too often. as for the baked french toast, i wasn't the biggest fan. the thing was really dense and almost too sweet, especially with the cream cheese frosting. also, it was a little raw in the middle of it. i texted my friend later on when i ate it and she said that they're not usually as big as the one i got. so yeah, if you're lookin for a snack or a sit down lunch, this place is pretty good for both. i will definitely be back
The mac and cheese in the empanada was great, but he empanada itself was rather dry and greasy at one time.  And the cookies were really dry - both my husband and I only ate half of each before we tossed them.   While it was nice enough and I wouldn't ever refuse to go back, it won't be a place I would make a special trip to go back to.
So much better than the run-of-the-mill breakfast places! We had two kinds of the freshly baked frittatas and oneof the French toast muffins and all three were absolutely delicious!  Big selection of baked goods that all looked great, but we left them for another visit since we were very full. The decor is fun and the atmosphere is very comfortable, and the staff is very nice. We're already planning our next visit. Just wish the bakery was open on Sundays, because we would love to go here for Sunday brunch.
Returned for lunch and had another great experience. The paninis are out of this world good - I had turkey which came with cheese, lettuce, tomato and an amazing avocado aioli sauce. My friend also really enjoyed her vegetarian panini, which had eggplant, spinach and other vegetables. The snickerdoodle and oatmeal cookies are also good, though I'd recommend splurging for the more elaborate baked goods if you get the chance. Seriously good sandwiches though!
A cozy, cheerful spot for our first breakfast in Binghamton! Excellent, friendly service with smiles and laughs. We both had the baked French toast and were early enough to get then still warm on the inside. Sinfully delicious! My hubby also had a fresh blueberry coffee cake and I had a breakfast burrito (they can do egg whites-only).  A little disappointed that everything was served on disposables even though they knew our order was for in-house. I wish we had room for the other baked goodies but we left full. We'll be back!
I eat at Chroma on a regular basis becasue the food is fresh and different, and the staff/owners are always so nice. Great for take-away lunch. Best part: Empanada of the day and free cookie Wednesday. (Not sure if this is a limited time deal) They even offer Gluten free desserts. Would like to see: More dairy free and/ or Vegan options.
This is my new favorite place in Binghamton for a quick bite. It's a tiny little space, perfect for having a quiet place to wake up your brain with a nice cup of tea and a chewy oatmeal raisin cookie. I had a breakfast panini that had beautifully thick cut bacon, a huge scrambled egg, and melty provolone cheese on it. I am pretty sure my heart swooned a little as I ate. I also love them for being open before 11 am, as not many other places were.
I went to Chroma for breakfast on Saturday, Dec 21st.  We ordered a blueberry muffin, the frittata of the day, a burrito and 2 coffees. The coffee was great. The blueberry muffin tasted great but would have been so much better if it had been made that day. My date enjoyed his frittata and my breakfast burrito was okay. I got the ham option, which was a good choice. Unfortunately, the burrito didn't have any of the essentials I envision on a burrito, for example salsa, avocado or sour cream. All of the food and drinks were served on disposable cutlery, plates and cups which was disappointing. The service was good and friendly. I hope with attention to a few important details that Chroma will become an even better cafe the next time I visit.
The staff at this place is just amazing, they are very nice and personal. If you come in several times they try to get to remember all your names too! Very personable, and feels like a great atmosphere, it's family run and they all get along, imagine that :) The food is always fresh, and even the breads for the sandwiches are all made right there, amazingly nothing is ever stale because they move so much product everyday. FINALLY! The sweets are to die for in most instances, so so so good, especially combined with a cup of tea or coffee. I'm very much stuck on their one sweet that I have been buying almost every day. lol
Omg their cubano sandwich was to die for! We showed up during breakfast hours craving lunch and they went out of their way to accommodate us.  The peanut butter cookies and chocolate chip doubles stuffed with frosting were also divine. It's in a random and deserted part of town, but totally worth the visit. You won't leave hungry!
Best sandwich place in downtown Binghamton hands down.  Food is delicious and the staff are great.  They make so much in-house including breads, soups, empanadas, baked goods and more.  There's a great menu variety with daily specials and they always have vegetarian/vegan options.  I haven't tried their breakfast menu yet, but am really looking forward to it.  Definitely a must-try for anyone looking for a great local cafe!!
Excellent sandwiches (Mango chipotle Chicken...yum) ! Cute little place with ultra-nice folks behind the counter. Easy on and off the highway means you can skip the big chains and eat better! Try the peanut butter cream cookie sandwich for desert...tremendous!!
This place is about 30 yards from my office and I must have walked by a dozen times before finally trying it. I was not disappointed. Everything is freshly made including fresh breads and amazing desserts. They have different specials each day and have not had anything bad yet. If you get a chance it's stop in and try it!
Small, a bit cramped. However the people were nice and the price reasonable. I got a  cherry almond scone which was delicious.
I was going to give this 3, but then I saw I gave the old River Muse Cafe 4.  Chroma Cafe and Bakery is as good as that place,  so it will be 4....The space is kind of small and crowded, but no one seems to mind, including the friendly owners Nancy and Heath,  who offer many baked goods in such small a tight space..I just finished an oatmeal moon pie which was delicious, and the bahn mi I had here was very good as well.
Absolutely love it here! The reuben sandwich special was incredible. I really hope they bring it back. A free cookie with a communikey or discount off other incredible baked good. The mango chicken sandwich is so summery and delicious for any time of year. I want to try every sandwich on the list before I graduate BU!
The sandwiches were absolutely delicious!! Will definitely come back. The service was exceptional. The lady served fresh samples of coffee cake while we were waiting which were scrumptious.  Be sure to try the key lime pie cookies...so good!
Delicious! Real food made by real, friendly people. A hidden gem with excellent sandwiches and desserts. It is very cramped (trying to bake in that kitchen would drive me crazy--just watching them in there makes me nervous) so I usually get things to go, but I haven't seen the new seating area since they changed it. Very accommodating for allergies and dietary restrictions. Altogether a fabulous little lunch spot with wonderful desserts.
This place is fabulous. The food is fresh and imaginative and they offer lots of options, like if you don't eat meat they'll substitute and make things specially for you. They work damn hard and are the most friendly people ever. Sometimes I think they could use real plates and cutlery, and maybe one day they'll move somewhere bigger, but I love going here.
Best business to open in downtown Binghamton in years! Recently reorganized floor space to relieve "cramped" seating. Only place I know that is not a chain that makes a sandwich on FRESH bread, hand made. Real food.
