Amazing food, luved the buffalo chicken burger with fries and choclTe milkshake Amazing combination
Burger Monday's is one of the few "upscale" dining options in Binghamton... as in, not a sports bar. As such, my expectations are appropriately higher. First, the service. The wait staff is friendly but the wait times are ridiculous. It seems to be a problem with the kitchen because the place never looks understaffed.The burgers are pretty good, and you get a ton of flavorful fries. I once had their Thai Chicken Salad and while it was delicious, it lacked any authentic Thai flavor and therefore was nothing like I expected. However the chicken was moist and delicious one of the best chicken breasts I have ever had The dressing was so good and made me want to eat more salad (rare!). I agree with other Yelpers here that the prices are a little steep for the area. And now, is the atmosphere. It appears as though Burger Mondays got a great deal on the rent on this huge , open warehouse in sketchy downtown Binghamton and they are doing absolutely nothing with the space. Their color scheme is black and red and from the outside its difficult to tell if this place is even open. The place is sparsely decorated but I can't even call it minimalism because it isn't aesthetically pleasing.The bathroom is SUPER creepy: black toilet with red walls. Not to mention some of the tables are just folding pong tables with black table cloths thrown over. I guess a table is a table? Overall, will probably come her again given the lack of similar options in Binghamton.
Was in Binghamton recently on Business and had a nice meal at Burger Monday's.  The restaurant is in an older building in what remains of the "downtown" area.  The inside is nice and casual, not fancy, very open.  They have a full bar.  Many different kinds of burgers.  I selected a special, which was a duck burger.  At our table we also tried a turkey burger and two beef burgers.  The burgers were very tasty and satisfying.  Appetizers were small in portions for the price.  Overall a nice meal and an unique place.  Wait staff was friendly.
Been here a few times. One of those was parade day when they were swamped. But they managed to get our large group a table with a short wait. Burgers are amazing as well as the fries. Can't wait to go back
Yes this is now one of my favorite places I had the inferno burger well-done with fries Parmesan garlic seasoning and Cajun seasoning mixed together which us not on the menu but they will do it for you... Very very yummy and I would highly recommend it. As simple as it may seem had a side salad with ranch dressing I am a big fan of ranch dressing especially when it is made in house, that being said I love this ranch dressing not only for the salad but for the burger and also for the fries. It is a very great relaxing atmosphere the service was great the people were friendly prices are very very good I would highly recommend this place to anybody whether you are on a budget or not.
I came here during restaurant week and the food was very good and obviously a decent price (restaurant week). For an appetizer I got mushroom barley soup which was pretty salty, but I liked it, it was very thick and hardy.  I got the ahi tuna burger which I thought was good, but the Asian slaw on top of the tuna was lacking that perfect bite. It was missing the slight acidity that slaw gets from vinegar. The bun was nice and toasted and they give a large portion of fries.  The people I was with got steak sandwiches which were delicious the meat cut like butter. For appetizers they had the garlic cheesecake, which reminded me of a laughing cow cheese spread, and the Guinness chili which was a nice comfort food chili with a kick of spice. The peach cobbler was very good, just like grandma's. The chocolate peanut butter cake I was not a fan of. It only tasted good if you got a bite of each part of the cake because the peanut butter was on top and the chocolate in the middle. The cake lacked body and was just too light. Overall I had a great experience because the restaurant is very inviting, great atmosphere, good service, and the high ceiling helps to make it not feel busy and congested.
The wait here is ridiculous. They won't allow reservations for parties less than five, then most people have to wait over an hour for seating. That's an issue. Better work on that. Plus the design looks cheap.
Great burgers, good waitstaff, and decent atmosphere. Enough said.
Well here's the deal. This place got three stars not because they put out the greatest burger on the planet... They got three stars because they are....indeed trying... To put out the best burger on the planet. As far as Binghamton goes this place should be high on the list... But it's certainly not worth getting off of i81 for. If you happen to be stuck in this town for a few nights, or god bless... you actually live here, then by all means give it a try. The burger was just too bland to fall in love with. Quality meat, quality roll. I asked for medium... And it came out super rare. The handcut fries were greasy and almost cold.... Which was a bummer cause they look like they had potential. Beer list was solid, but how bad do you have to be at this point to have a bad beer list? I don't want to sound to down on this place, whoever is behind it is really trying to put out a quality product... It just didn't hit any level of awesomeness for me. Vanilla shake was sort of the same as the burger.... It tasted like it was made with sugar free ice cream and skim milk. The whole place needs a little more sugar and spice or something.
I came here with a group of friends o Saturday afternoon. Of course I scoped out the menu ahead of time and knew what I was having. I ordered the buffalo mozzarella appetizer and although it was good, I was disappointed. The mozz was just ok. Being in NY/NJ, I'm used to fresh mozz and this just didn't taste 100% fresh. It wasn't store bought Polly-O or anything, but not as moist as I think it should have been. I sampled a few bites of calamari from another the calamari salad appetizer and it was overcooked and chewy. I ordered the Mediterranean burger and it was amazing. It was stuffed with feta cheese.  I'd absolutely recommend that to anyone. It was so juicy and flavorful. The fries that came with it were good too. The only thing that bugged me was the way the place is set up. When yuo walk n your immediately in the dining area. The bar, which isn't that small, is located out of view behind a wall. Basically the bar area is completely cut off from the rest of the restaurant by a 6 ft "half-wall". Overall though I had a good time here. The prices were reasonable to me but seem a little high for the area. There's a huge price point difference between NYC and Binghamton.
The ultimate place for the most perfect and gourmet burgers in town!!   I could rave about the Inferno Burger for days.  It's every spicy-food lover's dream!!  There's even spices inside the burger meat itself- which is juicy and cooked to perfection.  It's the only burger I've had here.  Yes, it's THAT amazing I can never pass it up!  I absolutely love the fries- they have just the right flavor!  There's also malt vinegar for dipping which is a plus. The Garlic cheesecake sounds like a weird combination...but don't let the name fool you!!  If you want an appetizer, this is a MUST.  The cheese is light and fluffy in texture, extremely flavorful yet not too garlic-y.  It tastes perfect on the nice and crispy bread pieces, complimenting the balsamic vinaigrette sauce on the side. I love the decor, especially the brick walls! The lighting also creates a very metro feel, almost like you're in the heart of NYC.  Burger Monday's is classy and fun with delicious, quality food.  There isn't much more you can ask for!
I enjoyed the burgers here--mainly due to the wonderfully delicious garlic aioli.  The burger itself was thick and cooked to perfection.   The fresh cut fries were good as was the garlicky pickle. The atmosphere of the restaurant is pleasing and it's possible to carry on a conversation without having to shout  (or at least it was at lunchtime).  Service is friendly and unhurried.
Consistently good food, consistently bad service First of all, yes, the Burgers are awesome. However, you have to wait quite a while to get it. I have been here several times and it seems that each time I get my Burger I am starving from waiting so long (60-90 minutes). You would think that if they pump out only one type of dish out of the kitchen all day they would be pretty efficient at doing it... not so. It's also very loud inside due to high ceilings and no walls to block any of the noise. Ultimately, if you are able to wait a while for a good burger then this is a place worth checking out.
The food was great the first time we were there...kinda lackluster a few months in. Burgers are tasty but messy, so the whole handpacked concept is lost on me when I end up using a fork and knife. Wish they'd take reservations for parties of less than 8, since the bar can only hold so many people if you need to wait. Oh, and it'd be nice if whoever answers the phone could actually speak concisely...flightiness and fumbling are real turn-offs.
I was excited to try them. I'm a fan of having a really good burger now and then, but was very disappointed when I chomped down on their Inferno burger. Granted, it was within the first week they opened, so I gave them another chance a few months later. No real improvement. Overall, the taste of the food was decent (7 out of 10). It was a bit messy from juices, and the setup inside doesn't really accommodate to larger groups. The fries were thin strips of potato drowned in spices. Their servers have (both times) been pretty non responsive and gave off an air that said, "I've had the worse day possible, and I really don't want to be here right now." This would all be fairly acceptable within reason if the price were right, but I expect MUCH much more when I drop $9-$13 on a burger. The size of the burger should be larger. If I had a choice between Burger Mondays and 5 Guys, I'd chose 5 Guys. I don't' think I'll be going back. A pity.
Never been disappointed by a burger here. The garlic aoili really kicks it up a notch. Try the calamari salad as an app. So good.
Stopped in on a pretty slow Tuesday evening and sat at the bar since I was dining alone. The bar tender was very friendly and gave me some pointers on the burgers on the menu and steered me towards the Jonesy which is the owners signature burger. That birger was amazing. The service was friendly and fast. If I find myself in town again I will be stopping by again.
These burgers were GOOD.  Everyone kept telling me beforehand "The burgers are really good" but I didn't really appreciate how good until I bit into my inferno burger.  Which was actually hot!  I think there was actually habenero in the habenero ketchup.   Also had a milkshake:  amazing.  Will return!
Can't figure this place out. FOOD: I've been there three times.  Each time, I liked the food.  Kind of like high-end bar food (with prices to match). SITE: The atmosphere has potential, but misses on a couple points:  A nice, trendy brick interior, kind of a single large room with tables scattered around.  There is a bar behind a half-height wall in the back of the establishment.  Looks nice in the daytime.  At night, if you sit in the wrong place, you might get a "spotlight" shining in your eyes from the fixtures in the high ceilings.  This lighting was unpleasant and more than one person in our group mentioned that last time we were there. Also, based on all the hard surfaces throughout, if the bar is busy it can get very noisy in the dinning room.  As I said, no real separation between bar and dining area.   SERVICE: Service was spotty.  Waitstaff was friendly every time I was there, but our waitress tended to "disappear". BEER: (Skip if this is not important to you!) What really brings this place down in my eyes is the beer.  I have no idea what beers they offer.  Neither does the waitstaff.  Neither does the bartender! The first time I went there, we sat at the bar for lunch.  This was shortly after it had opened.  We asked the bartender for a beer list.  He did not have one.  We asked him to verbally let us know what beers he has.  He said they have "pretty much everything, what do we like".  I said "something dark", so he offered Yuengling!  After going back and forth (he never actually listed the beers), we settled on a Sam Adams lager. The next time we were there, months later, I figured they may have come up with a list for the servers by then, and so I asked our waitress what beers they have.  She had no idea beyond the standard swill, and did not have a list.  After asking her to check with bartender what craft beer they have, she came back with a verbal list of a couple of nothing special.  Didn't want to waste more time so I ordered nothing special.   Now I'm still not yet sure whether they have any good beer or not; it's a secret.   I understand that I am one of the minority who loves good beer (like many love good wine), but is it too much to ask for these non-chain restaurants to keep a few reasonable craft beers for people like me?  It's cheap to do, doesn't take much cooler space, and gets people like me to spend our money there.  Just take a look at how crowded the brewpub and very few beer bars are these days. OVERALL: This place has (had) potential, but I don't see myself giving it another try unless I hear some good things about it in the future, UPDATE 9/2013 Went there again after hearing that they did put together a beer list. They have a modest number of craft beers, nothing remarkable, but certainly better than no list at all. The food was good, and since it was daytime, the lighting did not annoy us. Updating my review to three stars.
Great burgers and atmosphere. I got the Inferno with sweet potato fries. Excellent quality of beef and the sweet potato fries were a thinner style and were so so. Also got a milk shake which was sub-par (save your money and calories on that) Over all a nice place for lunch.
First attempt to order was by take out a few weeks ago, which was bagged since we were told we had to order in person, at the bar.  When I need to order take out, I'm too busy to drive over to order before picking up my meal.   On a whim, we stopped in on First Friday.  The wait was about 45 minutes to get a table by 9pm.  So, we walked around downtown some more before getting a drink at the bar.  As we  were finishing our drinks, the hostess announced that our table was ready.   Our server happened to be just fine.  She was pleasant, attentive and cheerful.  We ordered the calamari appetizer, which my husband loved and I thought was a bit ho-hum.  He ordered the chicken salad, which was fine.  I had the Mediterranean burger, which had plenty of flavor.  I requested medium-rare.  It came out at least medium, but was still juicy.  Lots of napkins were required, which were readily at hand. The asparagus was tender and not overcooked.   For a burger joint, the burgers are NOT huge, but they weren't teeny, either.  Here it is more about a comfortable atmosphere.  (although, the live music that night made conversation challenging.)  They have a fairly creative burger menu, so it's not bad.  Seating is comfortable and it looks better here than it did at La Vita E Bella.
I am originally from Binghamton and was visiting last week.  My dad heard about Burger Mondays and suggested it for lunch.  It was a good place.  Upon entrance it was hard to figure out the atmosphere, the place seemed nice but the servers wearing blue jeans threw me off.  Besides that the server was good, he did lack a little personality but was on top of drinks and our needs so he did his job well.   Anyway lets get the real stuff, the food. I ordered the buffalo chicken burger.  Let me tell you that was one of the best Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches I ever had.  Kudos to the chef.  It came on a toasted bun, ground chicken topped with blue cheese lettuce tomato and had a tasty buffalo sauce.  I was hurting a little from the previous night catching up with old friends so this hit the spot and perked me back up.  The fries was also a very healthy portion and were very tasty.  I will definitely stop in again on my next trip to the bingo.
I love this place. It is one of my favorite restaurants in Binghamton. They have some of the best burgers I have had and considering the original is $8 you can't beat it. Throw in the fact you can get a Shocktop for $3 and it's a pretty  reasonably priced place to have a great burger and a wonderful dining experience. The service here is great too. The waiters are nice and super knowledgeable about the menu and I have gone with some pretty big groups (10+) and always gotten seated (call a little bit ahead though with a group that size). The specialty burgers are great too, I would highly recommend the inferno. Definitely worth checking this place out if you are in the Binghamton area and looking for a good burger.
The burgers aren't bad, but the service really varies. I've come here once on a casual date, another time for a large dinner party event, and on my last visit I was seated at the bar for lunch. Their mojitos taste like it was made with 85% alcohol & 15% seltzer (impossible to drink, for me). Their portabella "animal lovers" burger is impossible to eat due to how slippery it is. Their sweet potato chips are good but very oily. I would recommend the Thai chicken salad. The service at the bar was so bad the last time I went, I would give it 1 star. The bartender is inattentive. It took at least 10mins for my friend to get his beer & the bar was not being mobbed or anything with other patrons. It took us over 45mins to get our food..and all we ordered was the portabella burger & a salad. We called the bartender over at the 45min mark, we were about to cancel the food and just leave at that point. He saw the looks on our faces, put a finger up to tell us to wait, & walked into the kitchen to pick up our order. I felt like my time was being wasted. A couple men seated to the right of me at the bar arrived later than my party & got their burgers first. Our food arrived as those men were finished up their meals. Ridiculous. The one time I organized a larger dinner party at Burger Mondays, the wait staff was much more professional. The venue is large, clean & spacious. It's a nice place with decent prices for a dinner party. Just never sit at the bar.
This restaurant has great atmosphere and a friendly waitstaff. Sometimes the food takes awhile to get to the table, especially on those busy Friday and Saturday nights (Why not monday nights??!) The menu is small but everyone should be able to find a burger to their liking. The first time I went I ordered a Mediterranean burger, wasn't too thrilled about it since it was a bit on the bland side. Then the second time I went to Burger Mondays I ordered "The Jonesy" which is a double stack of pork and beef patty. It was heaven! So good and perfectly cooked to order with a side of Cajun french fries. Ever since, I've been going there frequently either ordering the Jonesy or the Ahi Tuna Burger (Also very good). They have changed the recipe of the Jonesy since the first couple of times I've been there (Please bring back the old Jonesy!!!) but it is still good nonetheless. Would recommend! Two thumbs up!
About a year ago we went to Burger Monday's for the first time I ordered soup, the crackers came with ANTS but I didn't realize until I dumped them into my soup!  The manager never came to apologize and we were given our drinks for free after asking. Needless to say - we will not be going back.
One of the owners was the top chef for #5 Bistro and put them on the map very good eating and successful , so we know if he was given  the equipment and opportunity the food would be good at Mondays. We had the Mondays burger with provolone cheese med. rare  and fries,burger  was the best I ever had in this area fries top notch cut on site,not frozen crap . We tried the 2 other eatery's within  short walking distance in the weeks following and much touted but they fell way short. also burger places I used no names but you can Google map the area and know the spots.
Service was ok, food was absolutely horrible, you would be mistaken if you were to think a place called burger mondays could actually make a decent burger, i ordered the plain burger medium doneness with lettuce & tomato   and the buffalo chicken sandwich; The burger was small,dry, & overcooked beyond well done and barely edible; the buffalo chicken sandwich on the other hand was inedible alltogether & tasted/smelled like vomit (no exaggeration at all) i have had buffalo chicken in many ways none as poorly done as this... 2 awful sandwiches & 2 beers (needed to wash down horribly dry burger) at the astounding price of $50+ I could already see the obvious reasons for the establishments lack of a future when the manager walking around, asks us how our meal is...right before i ask for the check...not a couple of bites into our meal as someone who actually cared about out business would...no he approached at the end of the meal long after anything could be changed if i were to express my dissatisfaction... asking a couple both of whom barely touched thier meal how it was?!?! Yet another overhyped low quality offering to fly-by-night in Binghamton here today gone tomorrow...
I've heard so many good things about Burger Monday's but when I went there for dinner with 2 of my friends on a Friday night, it was anything but good. The service was terrible, but it could have been because it was busy. A 45 minute wait for a table of 3. It took 15 minutes for us to get water and a drink order. I ordered the Classic Burger and calamari salad for a shared appetizer. The salad consisted of heavily breaded calamari, a few (3?)olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta cheese and strands of peppers. It had some balsamic vinegar reduction drizzled on top that didn't really add to the salad. The burger and seasoned fries were massive but terrible in taste. First off: My burger was so soggy it dripped everywhere. The buns were so heavily buttered it tasted greasy and made it tough to chew that when we had bites of them, everything inside would fall out. The fries were way overcooked and seasoned so heavily with what seemed like Old Bay that it got overwhelming. The pickle was a funky sweet, spicy, sour combination of flavors. On the other hand, the chili and the Thai chicken soup were spicy and tasty. Sorry to say but I would have picked Mcdonald burgers over this place...gross.
Ordered the Burger Monday classic, and must admit it was both huge AND delicisous!  I also loved the sweet potatoe chips and even the pickle that came with it.  The place was not busy (I ordered at noon "to go") and it took about 20 minutes from start to finish to get my order.
I walked and walked around town all night looking for sumn to eat after being kicked out of my hotel from a fire alarm one misty sept Thursday night, ok last night actually, nothing struck my fancy atmospherically cept this place, not bad, not bad at all, roomy, dark, food pretty damn nice. I liked! Dare even say it's a bit sexy. Might give another star as I try more dishes aside from the "inferno burger" if I ever get back their.
One of the best new (er) restaurants to open in the Binghamton area.  Wait staff is always friendly and the food is great.  Always get the Calamari salad for an app and the original burger.  I think people have a misconception that it is high priced and it is really not, it will not cost anymore here than it would at any of the chains.   I highly recommend stopping here for a bite to eat.
So far i havent really had a problem here.  The wait staff is usually quite nice and easy on the eyes.  The bar is ok too.  The burgers are decent too.  As far as food in the area goes, not bad.  But as far as food goes in general, below average.  Binghamton is a dump, but at least you can get a decent burger now that this place is open.
I'm confused as to why this place received such poor reviews, because these burgers are bangin'!  Great service, fantastic burgers and fries, and all at a cool location?  Perfect!
This would be a great option if the management wasn't so rude. Better catch them on a good day, or they'll take forever to seat you and give you grief about it. The burgers are fine, but don't get excited for anything special.
Delicious burger place with very reasonable prices.  My burger was thick and juicy, loaded with all the normal toppings.  The house sauce that they use was quite tasty and I would definitely recommend if your looking for just a burger.  They have a wide variety of burgers to choose from with all sorts of different ingredients.  They really don't have much else on the menu so if you are not looking for a burger than you're in the wrong place.   The atmosphere was a tad bit odd, it was a little too dark and a little too loud.  I'm not usually one to comment on the atmosphere, but I noticed these things at this place.  Service was adequate and prices were reasonable.
The Ahi Tuna Burger is fantastic! Overall, it is ridiculously overpriced. I went on a Friday night and it was crowded. Felt like cattle. However, the food is great, if you're willing to pay for it.
Probably the best burger I've had in my life. I got the mediterranean burger and it was full of feta, spinach, sundried tomatoes, olives. Simply amazing. High quality, juicy meat. Great bun. Cooked to perfection. The fries were also incredible. Extremely thin, crispy and lightly seasoned. Delicious. Also got the vanilla milkshake which was great. Service was awesome. Our waiter was very charismatic and competent. Atmosphere was fun yet classy. Will absolutely be returning.
I definitely plan to go back. My favorite part of the meal was a side salad with the cilantro lime dressing. I might get a larger salad instead of a burger next time. The burgers were good, but messy. Definitely one of the trendier places in the area.
I have been to Burger Mondays a total of 4 times. And each of this time I was less impressed. The burgers are expensive. To be honest I had a better burger at my local diner. The wait staff was nice but slow. It took me about 40 mins to get my call ahead order. Yup you read that right I called ahead and ordered 3 burgers and I drove from Vestal and waited 40 mins on a Wednesday early evening I want to say 4 or 5 pm. The skinny fries were okay. The burger were okay. I don't see myself turning anytime soon unless we have to go for luncheons or something like that. Personally go to court st and eat at Binghamton Hots, or the European Place nearest to the CVS. Better deal and their food is amazing.
Mad good.  Tuscan Pork Sandwich. Pork, provolone, au jus and broccoli rabe on a semolina roll.  Couldn't stop eating this over sized portion.  Add Caesar salad side that was one of the best I have had.  Darn good. Just check my tip first.
Went there during restaurant week with 2 of my friends and had by far one of the worst meals ever.  There were just so many mistakes. Took forever to get a drink, my friends salad came after we got our burger and after the waiter told us it has been in the window for 20mins and he simply forgot about it. Then all of our burgers were way under cooked. And I have never had to send a burger back for it being under cooked but mine was raw, not rare but raw. Then after sending all 3 plates back, a couple mins later the waiter comes back and says here are a couple of fresh plates of fresh fries and fresh burgers. Then after tasting it we all noticed they must of just microwaved everything bc all our burgers were missing the pieces we bite from.  Totally gross and and disappointing.  The only positive thing were the apps were actually good. Very nice plating and tasted great. But they couldn't make a burger that night. And never once did a manager come out to check on things. Very disappointed. Highly doubt I will ever return.
Best burgers in Binghamton!
Lived up to the hype. The burgers are fantastic and the selection of toppings is top notch.
Rather eat at Wendy's! Went in after a B-mets game (2 4 Tuesday) so I was ready to eat. Ordered the special Prime Rib Sammy, There was no meat just fat it was horrible. tried to send it back but we didn't see the server for 30 min. When she finally came took the Sammy back didn't ask if I wanted something else, And charged me for the fries I ate while she was MIA. And charged me for a full side of fries $3 I think for the very small portion that came with my meal. Want to love it, Binghamton needs it, But sadly disappointed.
My absolute favorite restaurant for non-ethnic food in Binghamton. It even tops Lost Dog Cafe...because of price. If you want a more variable and generally more upscale food selection and are willing to pay then Lost Dog is the winner. But sometimes I'm craving a burger.  I ALWAYS order the Mediterranean burger medium rare. It comes out perfectly cooked EVERY time and it always tastes delicious. The fries are a different thinner style then you would get most places but they are ok. Not my favorite. Because they are cut so thin a lot of them get over done and all you have is something very crunchy with no hint of soft potato at all.  Overall - service is always excellent, food is delicious, prices are reasonable even on my college budget, and the atmosphere in the restaurant is fun. I recommend this place constantly to everyone I know.
I feel bad for the poor girls who take down names at the door. Over the past few months, every time I've come here with one person, it's a 45 min + wait. They don't take reservations for parties under 5, as well. Finally I decided to wait it out and eat there. While waiting, it was ridiculous how many people they turned away at the door. Finally we were seated though; I will say the meat in the hamburgers is very good, but everything else with it? Mediocre. It's such a scene here. You could get almost the same quality, without the wait/classier attire by going to Five Guys. Also, the decor/design looks cheap. This place has really got to work on its seating/service.
Really poor service ruined an otherwise ok dining experience.  Seriously, people, this was service that was beyond bad, even for Bingo.  So, craving burgers, my husband & I decided to try out this place last night.  Nice ambience...which we were able to admire at length as we waited...and waited...in the entrance for someone to seat us.  At long last the hostess appeared.  This really should have been our first clue.  Once seated, it took another 15-20 minutes for someone to appear to take our order.  We both ordered the Classic burger - bacon, cheese, etc -- only I ordered mine medium rare, and he ordered his medium.  After another 20-30 minutes (and the restaurant did have plenty of other patrons but it was not jam-packed, there were empty tables), the waiter returned bearing our plates.  As other diners have mentioned, the burgers are quite messy, but what do you expect - it's a burger!  Anyway he made a big production out of presenting my medium-rare burger & hubby's medium.  I found mine to be perfectly cooked, a bit fatty but more or less what I expected (better than 5 Guys!).  Others have complained about the shoestring fries but I actually love this kind of fries so I was happy there, too.  We were not offered any additional condiments with our burgers, but that was ok...we (or !) were relatively happy.  Well, about halfway through the meal I noticed hubby's burger was really seriously raw-looking...turns out the waiter had totally mixed up our two orders!  So, I graciously switched.  Hubby thought "medium" burger was underdone, and I thought "medium-rare" was basically barely seared on either side -- what I'd call rare.  After we finished our meals, we sat...and sat...and sat...and sat...for about 30 minutes...as other waitresses and other waiters buzzed around the tables around us.  There was no sign of ours.  Finally I flagged down one of the other waitresses and asked her if she could please bring our bill.  She cleared our plates (thank god) and promised to get our waiter.  He arrived with the bill very quickly -- what had he been doing all this time?  Smoking in the alley?  Clearly not watching his tables...  Because we were long past ready to go, we plopped a credit card on the bill...and sat...and sat...and sat...and sat...and after about 10 minutes or so I flagged down the SAME waitress and asked her if she could please take care of it.  She did so, immediately.  Then, weirdly, just as we were signing the bill (and leaving the waiter a 12% tip, which is really bad for us - believe me, I'm an ex-waitress so I always tip 20+%)...the waiter miraculously appeared to feed us a bunch of bs about "hope you enjoyed your meal," and "have a great evening."  Too little too late, buddy!  Then to add insult to injury, as we were leaving the hostess asked "how was everything tonight."  "Ok," I replied, "but..." and as I was about to complaint to her about the poor service she completely cut me off with "Great!  Well you two have a wonderful night!"  Good grief!  We won't be back - the mediocre and undercooked burgers were not worth suffering through this kind of idiocy.  I feel sorry for the one competent waitress who works there.
Delicious burger, but wait too long.
Their burgers are fantastic. Their fries are crispy and delicious.  Their prices are average and you can get a perfect burger with fries for only $9 dollars. Try their classic burger! You can choose how you want your burger cooked. I'm always a happy girl after eating there. Their staff is professional and friendly, too. You'll love it here!
Excellent service.  Burgers are pretty darn good too.
It looked good from the outside, nice on the inside, pretty good atmosphere. That's the only reason this review gets a second star. We were seated in a booth by the window and did not get a waiter to even take drink orders for about 10 minutes. Meanwhile 2 other booths in front and back of us were seated, drinks were ordered and arrived before they got to us. It took awhile for them to get the drinks in and then they took our order. The waitress seemed to be having a bad day and thus we received less than enthusiastic service. She seemed unconcerned, did not say much and ignored our table most of the night. 45 minutes in, we did not receive our food while the 2 booths who were seated after us were already chowing down. We asked when our food would arrive an hour after we ordered, since we had made plans for the night and weren't expecting to be closing the place down.  We finally received our food, with no explanation of the delay. The other booths were finishing desert when we finally got our food. The waitress, pretty zombie-like the whole night, seemed to notice our discontent and the manager/owner came out to explain what happened (one of our burgers got burnt to a crisp). We would have appreciated hearing that beforehand, rather than been ignored for the better part of an hour. He comped a drink for the error, for the person in our party who's burger was destroyed. I ordered a gourmet pork sandwhich. You could tell it was cooked awhile ago, the bun was soggy, the fries cold. The meat was dry and bland, and the owner said that they were taking that sandwich off the menu, so enjoy it while I can... No wonder. The fries were just not very good. Thin, over-garnished with a zillion spices. Their caesar salad was HORRIBLE as well. No idea what was in it, but it definitely was NOT a caesar salad and it tasted disgusting. I took 2 bites and slid it away from me. Will not be back again.
