The place is set up pretty cool. Not many surprises, you know what a T.G.I. Fridays probably looks like. The service was good and they had cool personalities through out the night! We got some awesome drink specials and some endless appetizers. They were pretty delicious. No experience with the entrees here but this place gave nothing to complain about.
So we came out here after our wedding on our wedding night with some friends from out of town to grab a couple drinks, food and dessert (we didn't get to eat much at the wedding as we were too busy mingling). The service that night (February 1st, 2014) was the best I had ever had and will go down as the single best night out at a restaurant I have ever had. Everything will now be compared to this place. The waitress was super nice, quick on getting drinks, quick on bringing out chips, salsa, and apps. She was always coming by to check if we were okay, if we needed refills or anything else. We received our food shortly there after and as always, this place was amazing. At 11pm at night their food was still just as good as it always is. I don't know how they nail their consistency but gosh darn they do it! Of course as normal I got the J.D. Burger, the only item one gets on the menu with some Sesame Jack Daniels Chicken (appetizer). The chicken was cooked spot on, plenty of sauce but not too much. The burger was cooked perfect, the waitress even remembered my side of J.D.Mayo which usually I have to ask twice for (not a huge deal they are busy people). Everything was great and it was the perfect end to our perfect day. The service, the food, everything. I don't know if I'll ever see the waitress we had again but if I do I would wish to thank her again for making our night special. I wish I would've let her manager know how great the service was. Kind of kicking myself for that but this review should suffice :)
Started out to be nice afternoon lunch, then the food came! Not how your lunch should start! I order gluten free lunch and my entire lunch was made incorrectly. Fries, Gluten! Sent it back and got watch my son eat. FAIL
Unlike the Albany location that has a secret verbal vegan menu, this location has your standard Friday's menu. They seemed to have updated the menu to remove every single thing I could possibly make vegan and still have a satisfying and mildly healthy meal. Unless I wanted salad or Bruschetta Pasta, I was out of luck. My friend (a vegetarian) ordered a pasta dish and asked if he could get veggies instead of chicken in his pasta. The waitress asked him if was okay that they already had all the vegetables in bags that were pre seasoned? Need I say more? If you want greasy vegetarian/vegan unfriendly microwave cuisine, enjoy Friday's!
Somewhat overpriced food for the quality and quantity. Not a great beer selection. Every time we try this place (once ever other year or so), there is always something new and disappointing.
Very pleasant restaraunt. With good scenery, a bar located inside it, and fine waiters and waitresses, the food just stands out unbelievably. For a first date restaurant, I reckomend TGI Friday's
Theirs nothing reallymhere to say, they all suck and so does this one, even this time trying to try to eat healthy and I still get screwed over portion wise and even price wise if u ask me in these garbage dumpster restaurants, but let this be said, the night I stopes in here with my gang of thieves the night before the flood evacuation we had a blue eyed brunette bar waitress who was as cute and sexy as can be and flirty as a pole dancer if ya know wata meen! Back to the food thought, life lesson learned here, whenever in doubt just go with the fuckin house burgers! How bad can it possibly be and at least u get fries. U get stuck with a 16 dollar piece of chicken and a cucumber on a stick with a ice-cream scooper pile of bland rice and some fake ass wonder bread excuse of pita ur Gunna be seriously pissed like I ! PS -  this place would get another star For appetizers only and just the burger as a dish, mmmmmabye even 2 for atmosphere and the bar scene, but it's total food menu is  what it boils down too and it's roach bait in the end.
Not a fan of chain restaurants, but this location was pretty nice.   Ordered a steak dinner and it came to my table exactly as expected. A little noisy, but as to be expected with a full house on a Sunday evening. Friendly wait staff, very attentive.  There was a 5 to 10 minute wait for a table, but they continued to seat people as quickly as possible.
Every single time that I've gone to this location, I've been hugely disappointed. Not only is the food selection pretty bad and terribly unhealthy (as to be expected of chain restaurants), but the service is awful. There is a lot of miscommunication between the wait staff and the cooks. Be warned if you have an allergy or an intolerance to certain ingredients--you'll probably have to send your meal back at least once or twice. Make sure you specifically state that if you eat a certain ingredient, you will get very sick or even die. You have to scare them to even get them to take it seriously. My boyfriend, who is allergic to dairy, once ordered a steak with no butter. Our over-confident waitress, who thought it was a good idea not to write down the orders like she should, brought a steak with extra butter. I also have a dairy allergy and once asked for no cheese on my meal. I had to send it back three times, because every single time I told the waitress I didn't want cheese, another waitress would come out and there would still be cheese. After the final time, I sent it back and told them not to bother, I wouldn't be eating. Before that, I once ordered a basic burger (prior to switching to a vegan diet). I had to send two burgers back because the cook managed to burn each one to a crisp. The first one was completely charred on both sides and the second was fine on the top but burned on the bottom. Well done =/= burned. After countless bad experiences, I stopped going there on my own accord, only tagging along if friends invited me. But now I simply suggest another restaurant. It's not worth the aggravation.
Food was amazing, everything was cooked perfectly almost addicting to eat here :P Definitely reccomend it despite the prices, the attractive and friendly waitresses were very helpful even after us ordering so much to try out the food :) left a $45 tip
TGI Fridays is a great place to eat. Aside from their food being amazing for chain restaurants, their service was top notch. The bartenders are also a great group to be around. We strolled in after having a dull Friday evening and it was quickly spun into a wild and fun night thanks to them. This place will always be one of my favorites. Love the appetizers! Don't forget to try the potato skins (get extra sour cream though)
Vegetarians be warned - this place has NOTHING for you.  My boyfriend and I, both vegetarians, came here one time for dinner, and luckily we both eat fish because aside from burgers and ribs, there's really nothing special on the menu.  Some of the appetizers are fun and creative, like the fried green beans in wasabi mayo and the macaroni and cheese bites or whatever, but unless you love Jack Daniels' barbecue, you can't really do anything here.  Lackluster, predictable, and even a little depressing.
The food was amazing. Service was great. The waitress in the server next to ours was wearing a skirt so short everytime she bent over you could see her butt. We thought that was pretty awesome so 5 stars!!!
Awesome food and service!!!!!!!
This place rocks, jack.daniels is awesome. To the vegitarian...red lobster is a better choice fridays is KNOWN for jack.danielles grill....
