SEA is probably my favorite restaurant in town when it comes to no frills tasty eats for a good price. The pho here is as awesome as everyone else here says it is. Really savory and subtlely spiced(star anise, cinnamon, etc) broth filled with a variety of tender cuts of beef, rice noodles, and veggies. This is deeply satisfying comfort food without the calories or heavy feeling. The super cheap price only sweetens the deal. And like everyone else says, yes, the squid appetizer is top notch.
The Good: Convenient, affordable, and delicious Pad-Thai. The Bad: The first time I went I ordered one of the seafood dishes and felt like I'd "ordered the wrong thing". Times Gone: 3 I still need to try the Pho...
They seriously have the best pho in Rochester. I've tried it a lot of places, and keep coming back. I usually get the chicken and it's freaking amazing. The perfect blend of spices, I could seriously eat it everyday. They also have the option to get an extra large sized bowl for a dollar or two, and the thing is huge, about the size of ones head. Well ok, depending on how big of a head you have. It's really good as leftovers too, as the spices have time to set even more. Prices are pretty on par with other restaurants of this nature in the area. The space itself is kind of small though, and it tends to get pretty crowded around dinner time. If you get there around this time, it can be a little awkward because there's really nowhere to stand while you wait for a table. There's some street parking in the front of the building, but that tends to fill up pretty quick. There's also a lot behind the building that you're able to park in.
Their pho is excellent!  The broth is flavorful as is without having to add too much more seasoning (can't forget the Sriracha though =D).  My beef special pho was filled with a plentiful amount of flank, brisket, rare steak, tendon, tripe, and meatballs.  So much for meatless Mondays.  I always order the fried squid appetizer as well. The texture is perfect - crispy outside coating and soft, not rubbery squid.  It has a tolerable spicy kick and seasoned additionally with salt and pepper, and garnished with some lettuce, red, and green peppers to soften the kick.  Also, when it's available, I always get a bubble tea milkshake to round off my meal.  Yum! Only downside is the restaurant is small and it's street parking on Monroe.  There is a small shared parking lot next to the building.  Space is tight so when it's busy, I prefer to go elsewhere.  There's no real waiting area;  come to a halt after two steps through the door.  I feel uncomfortable standing right in front of the door watching everyone eat and vice versa, being watched while I eat. Despite the non-food related constraints, SEA's food is tasty and inexpensive and satisfies my palate each time!
Feeling super sick a few days ago, I desperately needed a good hot bowl of pho. This location is a cute little spot with about 10 tables. The pho was decent but my friend's lettuce had a live spider in it! We told the waitress and she got us more lettuce but we couldn't stop thinking about if the spider had laid any eggs in the rest of the lettuce. Yuck! :(
Of the places I've tried, SEA is the best pho in Rochester so far.  Their food is consistently excellent, and the prices are more than reasonable.  The service is pretty good.  Once in a while you have to wave down a server, but it's not too often, and the servers are friendly about it.   If you're looking for a refined dining experience, this is not the place.  If you're looking for great Vietnamese food made quickly in a casual setting with good service, SEA is the place to go.
As a Vietnamese pho lover (no one can beat my grandma's recipe) this place absolutely gets the seal of approval. The pho is authentic and I can't believe it can be found in Rochester. As for the rest of the food, it's good but it's not amazing. I still eat everything as long as I have the pho. Plus they have 33 beer!
To earn 4 stars or more a place needs to have all the merits that makes a good restaurant, and although the food was good, the setting, the service and overall experience left me wondering why this place got 5 stars. The place is pretty banged up with worn out furniture and scuffed walls.   Server dumped 3 large glasses of water in the middle of the table with 3 sets of utensils. Never asked if we wanted tea or other drinks. The menu is simple and has what's expected. We ordered the fresh rolls, decent size, the sauce had a nice kick to it. My wife and daughter usually split a large bowl or Pho, but there was no option for a large on the menu, after discussing sizes with the server, she informs us that they do have extra large bowls.  Good!. The meal itself was good, plenty of meat in the soup, fully satisfied.  But then you sit in front of your empty, dirty dishes until you leave.  They will not clean the table while you sit there.. The server had to stretch over the table and dirty dishes to set down the check. Good food, but I will not return. Next time in Rochester I'll try another place.
The pho is delicious and very affordable! -- Especially for their large serving sizes -- Every time I've gone the restaurant is pretty full, which is a bit rough since the space isn't all that big. Nevertheless, eating there has always been a pleasant experience.
After visiting SEA a few weeks ago, I am disturbed to say that I never visited this place despite living five minutes away for over three years. What can I say... even though it was always busy whenever I passed by, I just never popped in before now. As with any Vietnamese restaurant, I will always get the pho so that I can make a clean comparison. This place did not disappoint (which shouldn't be a surprise to me, as it's sister restaurant is Viet Thai, who's pho is also very tasty). I order the beef pho, and I was very happy with it. It arrived quickly, and was steaming hot. Despite reading some previous reviews stating the broth was a little heavy on the 5 spice side, I found my broth really balanced and clean. I also must have had the appetite of Hercules, as I finished this dish off in one sitting -- noodles, bean sprouts, and all. :) SEA is a great option for when you want a quick and inexpensive bite -- this huge bowl filled me up for less than $7. I'll be back SEA, even if I have to drive to you!
Spoiled with pho in Toronto (ton of great options), sea pho had a bland broth. Interior is poor, almost half the tables were dirty, lazy and gross.  Good for Rochester.
The sign said closed at 10 p.m. but we get here at 09.30 p.m. they want us to take to go instead. We came from out of town and need a spot to eat in. No Thai food here only Vietnamese food..Pho is pretty good..
SEA is totally winning me over. Each time I have been here I've left with a happy stomach. Plus it's pretty damn cheap and the waitresses are sooo friendly. I always start with the shrimp & pork spring rolls (2 for $3). I don't know what it is about these....they are just so good. They're fresh and rolled tightly. Not to mention they come with a delicious peanut sauce for dipping. During my second visit, I took the other Yelper's advice and got the fried squid appetizer ($6). It seemed a little overdone but I liked that they came as small pieces and they weren't greasy at all like a lot of fried calamari. The dish is deliciously seasoned and has the perfect amount of heat to it. They also add chopped bell peppers to it for even more flavor. SEA is known for its pho and I have enjoyed both the beef ($6.50) and chicken pho ($6.25). Definitely spend the extra $2 for the steamed vegetables! If I'm not in the mood for pho I go for the bun, which is vermicelli noodles with your choice of meat (go for the chicken with peanut sauce). I have yet to experience anything negative here after a couple of visits so I feel comfortable leaving them 5 stars!
Seriously, this place is GREAT!  If you're looking for quality vietnamese cuisine at a cheap price, this is THE place to go. The Pho is outstanding, but I'd recommend trying their various appetizers as well.  I haven't had anything I didn't love yet. Seriously, if you have a pulse, and live in Rochester, go here.
Love, love, love this place always get the Pho with steak and veggies added !!! #nomnomnom
Super friendly staff, some oddball patrons. Could use a little scrub a dub dub.
I had friends that used to spend a lot of time near this place, so we would come here very often. We would get Pho, and fried squid, and Pad Thai, and have a good time. Now SEA has expanded to other locations, and also has gotten more competition! Other places have popped up around the city that serve Pho and other Vietnamese delicacies. Because my friends have moved on from that end of Monroe Ave, I haven't been to SEA in a while. Big Mistake! SEA's Pho is still one of the best you can get in the city, a flavorful broth and good amount of meats, and their squid is still salty and spicy and delicious! I will not make the mistake again, going back to SEA soon! Especially now that the weather is getting colder. This location is the original location, and it's tiny! Come early!
I won't be back here for pho. So sad to give a 2 here, but unfortunately the waitress unapologetically forgot about our table of two and suddenly all of the little annoyances like the: drafty, cold dining area, 35-minute delay for a couple of simple dishes, and tacky green decor became unforgivable. We ordered the beef special pho and fried rice. Both were super affordable dishes, as is tradition for Vietnamese pho places. Both were tasty. The pho broth was quasi-complex, although a TAD salty; however, the meat and vermicelli was plentiful. The meat cuts were a bit thick and there were very grisly pieces that politely made their way into my napkin. The rice was tasty, although we were left guessing how fresh the veggies were. We also had a pair of Thai iced teas, which were standard. Dark black tea and milky cream bottom. The atmosphere is a small, 5-7 tables, dining room with green walls. Most diners sat with their coats on as the restaurant seems to save dough on heat OR has the worst window insulation ever.
coming from a heavily populated vietnamese area in CA, i have got to say ive experienced way better asian restaurants. i came in on the first week i moved to rochester. yelped asian restaurants and saw that this was the best asian restaurant in the area and was extremely excited to try.the menu here is a blend of thai, vietnamese, and chinese but my dad and i stuck to the pho. the pho was okay..not that great. broth was lacking some flavor and the beef was cut too thick for traditioanl pho tai. i saw the other table order spring rolls i have to say..i will make you better spring rolls than what theyre serving. now that's saying something cause i am not the greatest cook out there. i'll still come back to try the other dishes though. hopefully theyll be better.
SEA is everything I want it to be. While it's busy and small, I've never had to wait for a table. The service is attentive and the food is prompt. You can get a giant bowl of pho, noodles, or other Vietnamese dish for between $6-$8. Most recently (yesterday) I ordered the vermicelli noodles with chicken and peanut sauce. The noodles were room temperature and the meat was hot, but the mix of temperatures pleased my palette. The sauce is served on the side so you can mix it in as you eat. Be sure to mix up the bowl, as all of the bean sprouts and veggies are under the noodles. I devoured half of my large serving and took the rest home for leftovers. Oh yeah! I have leftovers in the fridge! So glad I wrote this review.
By far the best Pho ever!!!  And the fried squid always perfection....Best place in the city.
my favorite pho restaurant! I interned in Vietnam and had all kinds of authentic pho. Guess what, Sea restaurant's pho is very authentic and delicious! try #12 from the menu!
Excellent food. I love the special beef pho, iced Thai tea and spring roll, although the spring roll is quite different from the Chinese dish with the same name.
We have been to SEA a bunch of times. Spring rolls (fried) are awesome!  We want to try them fresh. Love the pho - we get it with just the raw beef, which cooks just lightly in the rich, flavorful broth. I love the lime, bean sprouts, basil, veggies and spicy sauce added to it.  Noodles aren't a must for me, especially the # they give to you, but some are nice. Great that you can control exactly what you put in the broth!! We also like the pad Thai. Sauce is light, but flavorful. Again, add the lime! Husband has tried other dishes on several other occasions and always enjoyed them. Try the Thai iced tea - its a real treat! Prices are pretty good too.
It's been years since I've been here, and I wish that I'd come here more often. The pho broth is much better than I remembered it was in the past, and the price is good, as well. The dining room, unfortunately, is cramped and uncomfortable, so I would consider than to be more of a take-out place. I will not comment on service, because, frankly, I have no desire to sit down in the dining area. Where the food falls a little short is on the spring rolls, which I found to be just a bit dry. The peanut sauce offered was quite tasty, but a lot thicker than others I've had in the past. I think that this may have been due to the noodles being a bit overcooked and sticky that day (the ones they gave for my pho certainly were..). Maybe I just caught them on a bad day? The next day, I had the house vermicelli noodles, which I really liked, except that I thought they put in far to many bean sprouts, and once again, wished that it was a bit juicier. I added a bit of fairly thin hoisin sauce to the peanut sauce at home this time, and was more than pleased with the results. Parking IS sometimes an issue, and at certain times of the day, bums will be panhandling outside (they are right across the street from a liquor store, so whaddya expect?). Still, it's close to 490, so even the laziest suburban douche shouldn't find it too inconvenient to drive his Escalade to....
Monroe Avenue has become Rochester's Asian food Mecca. Sea is in the top tier of those places. SEA blends Vietnamese and Thai cuisine (which are very similar to begin with). I love SEA's pho and their Vietnamese coffee is pretty good (though Taste of Asia's is better). They also have a pretty good vermicelli pad thai. I like their spring rolls, though I prefer veggie rolls, the pork and shrimp combo is nice. I'm currently on the pho tour of 2013. A good friend has told me that New Ming's is better but I'll be the judge of that (since she's a vegetarian and I'm a meatetarian).
I always get the same thing when I go - fresh spring rolls, and pho.  It's always delicious, and the service is fast & friendly.
Chicken. Rice. Porridge. Double the portion. When it's cold, wet, and gloomy (which Rochester is 60% of the time) there is nothing else on my mind. Not a big fan of pho but friends claim it's the best they've ever had.
Time had passed day by day, month by month as I waited for the right moment to try SEA for the first time. Clearly, I dropped the ball on that one and should have been a regular visitor. I enjoyed the Beef Pho. Literally had leftovers for an entire week. The serving size is enormous. The broth is full of bright flavors and a hint of sweetness with the herbs, like Thai basil knocking it out of the park. I loved the crunchy bean sprouts too. It's great for eating in and takeout, SEA serves as the perfect weeknight dinner when you have no desire to cook on your own. Delicious and inexpensive. Win-win.
You know what?  5 stars!!  Sure it's small and basic in looks, but you can't beat the price, and this place has THE BEST PHO.  Seriously.  I live in Buffalo and drive out to Rochester just for their beef pho (with the yellow noodles and extra veggies, please!).  I can't get pho made like this anywhere else.  Also, if you're into calamari, THE BEST CALAMARI I've ever had.  It's cut into strips instead of rings and mini-squids and then tossed in their own spicy-sweet sauce with chopped bell peppers.  Amazing.  I brought 3 fellow pho eaters from Buffalo with me, and they all agreed it's the best they've had (and the calamari, too).  I don't care where I live.  I'll be back over and over again!
I love this place.  It's small and intimate, and the pho is delicious and filling.  It's definitely better than Mamasan's pho, and cheaper.  Two bowls of pho and a shared pot of tea rings up to under $14.  Plus the pho is ready super fast!  Love it, love it, love it. The service is average.  The staff isn't anything to write home about, but they aren't rude or offensive either.   As far as parking goes, there are some parking spots along side the building.  There's also a parking lot behind/to the side of it, between SEA and the smoke shop next door.  Just make sure to not park right along the building SEA is in, because you could get towed.
Always busy but the service is great, very attentive and the food consistently delicious. None of the varieties of pho will disappoint. I've eaten pho at other area restaurants but the broth at Sea is one of kind, just the right balance of herbs and spices and light never greasy.
I think this is one of the very few places (or maybe the only place) to taste great Pho soup in Rochester.  I have tried every single one of them - I would recommend paying up the extra $1 and getting a larger portion.   Parking is still a nightmare on Monroe but, hey, it's totally worth it!
I'm a big fan of this place, and often go there with friends, or get take out. I've been to my fair share of Vietnamese restaurants,  and this one is right up there with the higher end ones in terms of food quality- but wins in affordability. The staff is very nice, and food always comes out pretty fast. The one thing I really don't care for is how drafty the place is. They really need to get a hold on this, especially in the winter. I like to take my coat off when I eat.
I was super excited to try this restaurant since all of my yelp friends had really good things to say. One thing that I miss about restaurants at home is the unique flavor that each type of cuisine offers. Vietnamese is one of my absolute favorite Asia pacific cuisines! Today, I ordered Pho with flank steak or eye round (I think) w/ rice noodles  and the Pepper Squid appetizer. The Pho was really good. The broth was nice, light and  flavored well. I may have been eating really fast or something, but I felt like I didn't have enough noodles. The basil and limes tasted as if they were picked and sliced, then sat in a fridge for  2-3 days then served. I didn't really like that, so much, but the cilantro was nice and fresh. Just ask for everything to be cut and picked fresh. The Squid was awesome, and fried to perfection. It wasn't rubbery or chewy, it was nice and delicate and spiced very well! I will definitely be back for other things on the menu!
This is a great place for a quick and cheap meal.  I love how many veggie options there are and they also have lots of delicious juices and other drinks.  You never have to wait for a table, your food is out quickly and the servers are kind and hospitable.   I always have enough leftovers for at least 1, but usually 2, meals so that makes the great prices even better. You can't go wrong!
11a every time
The best pho you can get in Rochester area. Every time I go there, I order Beef Special, no exceptions lol. But I also tried some spring rolls, etc. along with sometimes. It's all good. I went to some other Vietnamese restaurant too, this is my favorite. I'm always craving for their pho, especially when I'm not feeling well and don't want to eat anything else. Pho is great food to have.
Well worth the 20 minute trek from downtown ROC.   The place is in a sorta artsy-funky neighborhood southeast of downtown.  I had no problem walking there, or finding the place.  Modest decor with seat-yourself simplicity.   Menu and water brought almost immediately.  I had read about the pho, and that's what I wanted, so I ordered a bowl of the $6.75 stuff.  Beef tenderloin, served with a couple stalks of freshly picked basil, a pile of bean sprouts, sliced jalepenos and lime wedges.   The soup arrived in 4 minutes.  Big bowl of meat and noodles floating in a fantastic broth.  Here's the deal with pho:  the broth either is right or the pho isn't great.  This broth was spot on. I prefer to mix in the basil, bean sprouts and lime, then shoot some rooster sauce in there (on the table) to make it perfectly to my liking.  With broth as hearty and flavorful as this, it really was splendid. I felt great slurping up every last drop of this stuff.  Very satisfying.  Friendly staff, too.  If all you order is the pho here, you won't be disappointed.  No, I didn't try anything else, though many other patrons were enjoying what else the menu had to offer. The place was busy, but not packed.  I went about 1pm.  In and out in 25 minutes.  $9 with a generous tip.  I'll be coming back.
As most people say, their Pho is delicious, fresh and big portion.  I also like their tofu pad thai. It's sweet, nutty and also big portion. So you see my point, their food is always big in portion but low in price! Great for budget without sacrificing your mouth!
I went to SEA last night because everyone was raving about the pho.  After trying it, my reaction is "meh."  Perhaps you need to have a pre-existing love of pho to appreciate it. Pho is long squishy noodles roughly the texture of jellyfish and flat, tender-but-tasteless meat floating around in broth.  There's also a vegetable or two in there somewhere, and at SEA, it comes with a side of bean sprouts, a wedge of lime, and some other optional optional mix-ins.   My partner actually got the pho, and he thought it was good-not-great.  That is until the very end, when he squeezed in the lime.  Though the soup didn't taste like lime, it changed the dish enough that suddenly, it was worth coming back for.   I got the BBQ pork and rice, which was exceptionally tasty (I added soy sauce to the rice, which matched perfectly).  The dish came with some iceberg lettuce, raw tomato, and raw cucumbers, which I wasn't 100% sure what to do with, so I just left them there.  But I was desperately in need of some (cooked) veggies to break up the pork and rice.   The spring rolls, though, were beyond compare.  Perfect texture, perfect temperature, perfect everything.  I'll be back for the spring rolls. After we ordered, the waitress brought out a plate full of bean sprouts and two little dishes of oily dressing.  We were puzzled.  "Excuse me," Mike asked the waitress, "What are we supposed to do with these?"  -- "This (bean sprouts) is for the soup you ordered, and these (dressing) are for the spring rolls."  Oooh.  So we weren't supposed to dip the bean sprouts in the oil.  Didn't taste half bad, though.
I'm a huge fan of SEA and don't nearly get to go out to it as often as I'd like to.  I first found about it maybe 1 or 2 Christmas's ago and it is now my go-to place in Rochester for authentic Thai food.  Everything's really light and not Americanized with the heavy sauces, but yet everything is extremely flavorful.  They just seem to have that touch that makes everything come together perfectly.  I've had their pho plenty of times, and their diced chicken appetizer is especially good!  Can't go wrong with any of the chicken, beef, or shrimp entrees either
Great place for a quick healthy food fix. Priced right !! The dining area is drafty on cold days and unless you are seated by the heater vent which we were. If you don't like eating in your overcoat wear a sweater underneath ooh don't forget the wool sox too. You can't beat the food though. Service is quick and attentive.
Outstanding place, the best Pho in Rochester. Small place, great service and the cost is just right. Not over priced like other places along Monroe Ave.
Really decent PHO. The staff were friendly. Not the cleanest place you will eat in but the food and prices were tasty.
Love this hole-in-the-wall restaurant that serves up delicious (and fast) authentic Vietnamese food and has outstanding customer service. My large family dines here about once a week. Dress warm in the winter, as it's a small corner restaurant, all windows and gets drafty.
After reading the all of the reviews for SEA, many of which were written by highly respected and credible Yelpers, I came with very high expectations. I was hoping my meal at SEA would be the greatest pho-king Vietnamese experience of my life (apart from my conception) and I couldn't wait to sample the best it had to offer. My girlfriend and I arrived a little after 8pm on a Tuesday night and there were only two people eating there. This made sense, considering they close at 9pm. The dining room was small, sparsely decorated, and kind of cold. I wished I had worn something made of fleece. Based on James M.'s recommendation, I ordered the Pho Dac Biet (which I would have ordered anyway). I absolutely LOVE tendon and I hoped they would chuck a boatload of the stuff in my bowl. My girlfriend kept it simple and ordered the pho with meatballs. We also ordered the famous squid appetizer and two coconut shakes, since it was too late for ca phe sua da, which I make at home all the time anyhow. The shakes came out first and they were more like coconut slushies than coconut milkshakes. I don't think there was any dairy in them, though I secretly hoped there would be, despite my lactose intolerance. The shakes were okay, but I'd probably order coconut juice before I'd order another another coconut shake. The squid came out next and it exceeded my expectations. The perfectly fried, tender squid parts coated in a light batter and tossed in spicy sauce made for a body warming treat before the main event. I agree with others who have declared this dish to be one of the best squid dishes ever. Though the tentacles are my favorite part of the squid, I hardly missed them while eating this dish. The pho came out before we were done with our appetizer. The bowls were big, as they should be, and the standard sriracha, hoisin, basil leaves, bean sprouts, and limes accompanied the bowls. Everything was fresh and the pho was hot and filling, but it was not the best I've ever had. My girlfriend commented that the broth wasn't as complex as it ought to be, and I agreed that it was under spiced and the bones used to make it were not roasted long enough before being added to the pot. It was fine, but not mind-blowing and unctuous. The noodles were slightly underdone and sliced meat was tough. I didn't realize they messed up my order until halfway through my bowl; I thought I would find the remaining meaty bits after I managed to work through the heap noodles sitting in front of me. But I did not. Rather than containing flank, rare steak, brisket, tendon, tripe, and meatballs, my bowl contained well done eye round and meatballs, making it the #12a, which I would guess hardly anyone actually orders. Maybe that's all they had left at the end of the night and they figured I wouldn't notice.  I should have sent it back, but I was too full by that point. I thought SEA was fine. Being just two minutes from my apartment, I wanted it to become my new favorite restaurant in Rochester, but sadly, it is not. The squid is great and I will definitely return and order the Pho Dac Biet once again. I only hope that, this time, they will give me what I ordered.
Love this place! Pho is really good and my girlfriend loves the Pad Thai! Try to stop here every time we are in the Roc!
Sea is one of my all time favorite restaurants in Rochester. I may be the odd man out posting here about something other than the Pho (I've never actually had it at Sea) but I've never been disappointed by any of the dishes I've tried. My favorite is the curried chicken or beef which is made to perfection: the perfect balance of sweetness and mild spice served with al dente cooked veggies over rice. The food is very distinct and unlike much of the other Asian cuisine around Rochester (which i have trouble distinguishing restaurant to restaurant sometimes) As for the restaurant itself, the only reason I dropped a star is because it's a bit small and customer turn over can be slow if you're not there at a quiet time. There is no where to wait really if no tables are open and the area is a bit sketchy if you decide to wander until a table opens.
Love this place!  Have been here a million times and their pho never disappoints! I usually order the seafood pho, or the beef pho, with the fried squid as an appetizer.   Very tasty, and good to eat on a cold day!
Great pho for its price. Once I came across some beef not fully cooked in the pho. But that's okay, just leave it aside. Next time after that I ordered chicken pho and that was good.
SEA has been a small piece of home away from home for me. Hailing from New York City, Asian restaurants are far and few in Rochester (in comparison to NYC) and not all of them are very good. Luckily for me (and the rest of Rochester), SEA offers great Viet fare at prices that are manageable for a college student. I usually get the their beef special pho and it has never failed me. The broth is salty and savory and really hits the spot on a cold winter evening. The spring and summer rolls are also pretty good. And every time I stop by, I always order the Thai iced tea. I don't think it's the best I ever had, but it's good enough for me. I mean, there aren't many places in Rochester where you can get Thai iced tea. The service has always been very friendly and warm here. Sometimes there is only one waitress with a full house of customers, but even on those days, I've never been ignored or sneered at. Honestly, I think the waitresses here are really sweet and accommodating. So, if you're looking for Vietnamese food in Rochester, look no further. SEA Restaurant is the place to try.
Hole in the wall type place, in a good way. The fact that a place like this is popular should serve as evidence that it's product is good enough to forgive a few rough edges. My partner shared an order of tofu spring rolls, then she had the seafood pho and I the beef pho (brisket). Tofu Spring Rolls: Absolutely worthless. 50% flavorless lettuce, 35% mostly flavorless rice noodles, 15% mostly flavorless tofu. Throw away the rolls and eat the peanut butter dipping sauce with a spoon. Seafood Pho: Broth is THE critical element to pho. This broth tasted liked chicken broth, so I found my brief samples of this dish unsatisfying. Not bad, but the chicken/seafood cross didn't work for me. Beef Pho: WOW. Home run, out of the park, fantastic beef pho. After the let down of the spring rolls, I finally some evidence of the brilliance I was hoping for. Barely eeked out 3 stars. The beef pho was just barely more fantastic than the tofu spring rolls sucked. I'd give them another chance.
ZOMG! I just moved back to Rochester from the San Francisco Bay Area where I developed a love for pho. I hoped, but didn't expect to be able to find any reasonable pho in the area. The other reviews about SEA were pretty spot on. The pho was great. Very flavorful. Actually, it was MUCH better than anything I was able to find in the East Bay. I usually like to start with some fresh spring rolls, but I don't recommend the ones at SEA. The Thai iced tea was very good. Prices are typical of Vietnamese restaurants and were very reasonable. A large bowl of pho tai gau was only $6.50 (as of 8/11/09). The menu is somewhat limited, but I'd prefer that they stick to doing a smaller number of dishes really well, than try to do everything. Atmosphere was decent and parking was fine on the side street. The staff was very nice and the place was kid friendly. I brought a 3 and 5 year old. Spring rolls aside, I am officially naming SEA my new favorite restaurant in Rochester as of today.
It took me over a year of living in the Lower Monroe area to finally visit SEA. To me, it is one of a lot of places on Monroe between Goodman and Culver that you see as you pass by on your way to somewhere else and never end up making the effort to order from or stop at. Between parking issues and nondescript exteriors, you need to make an effort or already know you're getting something good to find your way to them. I'm happy I made the effort and have found a solid option for some damn tasty Vietnamese food when I want Asian takeout. The mixed fried rice is light with plenty of veggies and meats (shrimp, Chinese sausage and chicken) and the fried squid is the easily one of the best I've had. The squid is tender and the batter was really flavorful with plenty of salt and pepper. We had the pho the last time and they did a solid job with the takeout version. Everything was separated properly and the broth was flavorful if a bit too heavy on the 5 spice side. All the meats were tasty but we were a bit light on the meatballs we ordered. Will be back again to sample more of the menu.....definitely worth the effort.
Best Pad Thai I have ever had. I compare every other Pad Thai to the SEA version.
If you're a fan of Pho, you came to the right place. I would drive out of my way to get the Pho here. The broth is absolutely AMAZING!!! I always order the large bowl every time I'm around the area & always leave with the bowl empty-I mean, completely empty. For those who have never tried Pho before, go to this place & you won't regret it. Of course they have other great dishes but being a "Pho-natic" (hmm...I wonder if that's trademarked), my review is more on the Pho. Friendly staff, the owners definitely know what they're doing. It can get busy at times so it can be crowded but hey, what good place isn't. Next time I'm in the Rochester area, you'll know where to find me. Hope you guys enjoy the food there as much as I do.
Pho-nominal!!! Sea Restaurant has no bells and whistles just real authentic food South Eastern Asian food. I went to SEA about 6 times before I even tried the Pho .... I'll never get those 6 visits back and after my first pho experience I'll never order anything else. Though I'm not well versed in Asian cuisine I know a good dish when I try one. The Pho at SEA is where it's at. Pho, is a broth (beef or chicken) based dish filled with rice noodles, vegetables, cilantro, bean sprouts and your choice of protein. Pho can be modified to your liking which is why I keep going back for more..Pho in beef broth (bad vegetarian!)  with tofu, broccoli and zucchini with sprouts loaded with sriracha and hoisen sauce. done and done. Pho is perfect on a snowy Rochester day, a rainy Saturday afternoon and even serves as a cure for a hangover! Located on the corner of Monroe Ave and Rutgers Street (the old Basta Pasta) SEA is your classic "hole in the wall." Street parking only, a cramped dining room and absolutely no aesthetic but oh sooooo good.
Super fresh & super fast
A college town hole-in-the-wall summed up in five words: delicious, filling, reasonable and rooster sauce.  The calamari app is special--what is that subtle taste in the breading? So lightly sweet, I just can't place it, something to do with my childhood. Finally, the third time I ordered, I realized the flavor.
Updating my SEA review to include more info about my favorite dishes there and some tips. Firstly, this place is a good and cheap - it won't break the bank and if you're a fan of Asian food and pho, you'll most likely leave feeling very satisfied. Secondly, the food here is certainly more Vietnamese than any other southeast Asian country. I don't think I would order much beyond the Vietnamese menu here. Thirdly, the decor is bare bones. It's not bad to sit down and eat there, but it's probably not the best place to take someone you're trying to impress. On the flip side, they package their pho perfectly for take-out, so this is usually the manner I tend to order food from here. The downside to take out at SEA is that the best dish on the menu does NOT travel well. The spicy squid is a spectacular and must-get appetizer here on the menu. I love lashings of salt on my seafood, so this savory and crispy dish is perfect for me. We always order the beef pho special for $7.25. If you're getting this to-go, the noodles and broth are of course packaged separately and fare well for re-heating or travel. As for what goes into the pho, the beef special is a combination of flank, brisket, rare steak, tendon, tripe and meatballs. I've been eating "weird things" in my pho since I was about 12 years old, so I understand that tendon and tripe and rare beef gross people out. But for those of you who like a little adventure, the beef special is the way to go. The meat that goes into pho isn't very flavorful and doesn't stand up on its own. It's not meant to. The broth (supposedly cooked for hours) and the accompaniments are meant to add flavor to the meat. I really like rare beef in my pho because the broth is typically hot enough to cook the meat to a tender medium rare by the time it gets to me. The secret to enjoying pho is to be willing to add in all the dressings -- the beansprouts, the basil, the cilantro and chilis. The basil and cilantro are particularly important and the beansprouts add extra texture. My pho always gets several shakes of chili sauce and fresh chilis if they're available. Sweating when you're eating pho is a good sign. Seriously! SEA has reliable and excellent pho at great prices. In the winter months, this place is a regular staple for me. Pho takes some getting used to, but once you're hooked, you'll be an addict for life!
I'm from New York City. So I have my share of experience with ethnic foods, and, in turn, Vietnamese food as well. I was craving some Pho the other day, and I looked this place up. My friends have recommended this place, saying good things, and I went in expecting decent food, but nothing to the caliber of NYC Vietnamese eats. I came out pleasantly surprised. The Pho was delicious! The broth was on-spot (it tasted exactly as I hoped it would), and the meats put into the noodle soup were awesome. However, I am used to each bowl getting one plate of raw veggies and herbs, and here they served just one. It didn't end up being an issue in the end, however. We also all ordered orders of the spring roll (which I've heard be called summer rolls elsewhere, the cold type), and I feel like they used a bit too much lettuce and not enough noodles inside them, but in the end they were also delicious, especially with the peanut sauce they served. I cannot attest to the quality of their specialty drinks, as I did not try them, however, but my buddy said that the salty plum soda was salty, although he said he would prefer it to be a bit more sour. Also, I ordered a Pad Thai to go, and compared to all the other Pad Thais I've had here in Rochester, it was much better. I would definitely still recommend the Pho over anything else though. In all, the delicious food and the amazing prices will definitely have me going back here one of these cold winter days.
I had BBQ Beef with fried rice. The beef was very overcooked -- almost crispy -- and the BBQ sauce was pretty much burned off or charred to the meat, and had no flavor. This was very disappointing in a southeast asian restaurant. The fried rice was great, the staff was nice, and my food came quickly. I thought the menu was a little limited. I don't live in this neighborhood so I probably will not seek out SEA again.
One of my favorite places in Rochester. A couple of items worth noticing on the menu apart from the excellent pho which I will get to later. The fried squid appetizer is amazing, spicy with a hint of curry coating and deep fried, the downside is that the portion is small for the price. Also the pad tai is excellent, salty and savory not sweet like most places. The pho here is the best in Rochester, for a dollar more you get the extra large portion that can surely satisfy any appetite. All of the pho choices are really good given the cheap price. The place is clean, waiters are friendly, service can be slow at times especially  during lunch and dinner times, but can be easily overlooked because the food is so great. You can have an excellent meal for 2 for almost under 20 dollars and that is an outstanding price at any standard.
Winter in Rochester is cold. Pho is hot. At SEA, it's also delicious and inexpensive for the amount you get (which is a lot). Aside from the pho, the other food is pretty good. Not the best Thai iced tea I've ever had, and you can get better pad thai elsewhere. The main attraction at SEA is by far the soup, which is the best you can get around the area. Overall, definitely a place to go with some friends to warm up!
Sorry Sea, I really wanted to like you...and perhaps it was a bit much to ask for good Thai food two days in a row, but I just was so not impressed.  Firstly, it's a little more haggard inside than Sak's.  Ok, so their prices are a bit cheaper...still not a great first impression.  I ordered 2 plates of Spring rolls so we could each have one, and the pho with beef and meatball.  My one daughter ordered two apps...shrimp salad, and chef's special chicken wings.  My other daughter ordered crispy noodles with a bowl of wonton soup.  I was initially annoyed by the casual order of food arrival.  She first brought out the shrimp salad...several minutes go by...then she brings out the won ton soup...several more minutes go by, then finally the Spring rolls...I assume the soup and spring rolls are pre-made...couldn't all of these items have been brought out at once?  Fail.   OK, so the food...I tried a wonton, and it was delicious.  Great texture and tasted home made.  Broth was good as well.  But that's when what I will hereafter refer to as pork lunchmeat first appeared.  My daughter lifted up a thin slice of uniformly shaped meat out of her soup, which we both thought at first was a slice of turkey...I soon figured out that this was the pork they use in everything....yuck...bland, tasteless thin slices of compressed pork roast that did not taste fresh, and reminded me of stale turkey.  And call me crazy, but something about the uniformity and shape of that slice just screamed that it was purchased elsewhere pre-cooked, and not made in house.  Another fail.  The pork lunchmeat made another appearance in the spring rolls.  The wrapper had the nice sticky and chewy consistency of the one from Sak's, but that's where the similarities ended.  There was one butterflied medium shrimp...totally bland and tasteless, a whole bunch of shredded iceberg, and I couldn't detect much of anything else..maybe some mint.  It did not have the diversity of ingredients, textures and flavors present in the Sak's version, and just didn't work for me.  The peanut dipping sauce also failed to impress.  It seemed almost pudding like consistency, which rubbed me the wrong way, and didn't seem home made either, though I could be wrong on that.  I mostly used sriracha to dip and drown out the flavor of the dreaded pork lunchmeat inside.   My daughter really liked her shrimp salad, though it didn't look particularly appetizing to me.  The wings were crispy, sweet, and a little spicy, though I'm not sure what made them "Chef's special" as opposed to the other wings on the menu.  At $4.95 for 4 wings, it seemed about $2 too much, but my daughter really liked them. Ok, something's gotta be good here right?  Next comes my daughter's crispy noodles...This had the appearance of uncooked Ramen, but a little more spread out and brown.  Kind of like those La Choy noodles from the seventies...anyway, we had both kind of envisioned more of a pan-fried noodle that was moist but had some crunch to it from being stir fried...no, these were just crunchy noodles with stir fried veggies on top.  So glad I did not order that as I was thinking about it.  My daughter actually really enjoyed it, but then again she walks around eating raw ramen while her ramen noodles are cooking, so not exactly a foodie. Finally, long after my daughter's noodles, my pho arrived.  Looked good. I was disappointed that the sprouts, basil and chili that were described in the menu as add-ins came out without the chili, and I should have asked for it, but I was lazy and just squirted in some sriracha.  Broth was OK, but lacked complexity.  Noodles were good texture and plentiful.  But there was that pork lunchmeat again.  It tasted a little better in the soup as it had cooked in the broth and improved with osmosis, but the meatballs were grey and gave me the heebie jeebies...more the consistency of sausage...and made out of god knows what "gray" meats.  perhaps I just don't understand Pho.  And if that's the case, I admit, maybe I have no idea what I'm talking about, but after hearing it described so many times by others, I was envisioning this broth, rich with complex asian flavors, fresh chilis, and spices, and it just seemed like somewhat flavorful brown broth.  I will say there certainly was a lot of it.  There must have been half a gallon of broth.  I think I ate a quarter to a third of it and left the rest. I don't know, my girls said they liked their food, and usually they won't say much if they don't like something, so I am going to give these guys the benefit of the doubt and round up to three stars, instead of the two that I would have awarded had I dined alone.  Sak's kicks this place down the street in my opinion.  My lunch there was more like a dinner, and cost only a little more than my Sea dinner, but with free soup and spring roll.  I plan to give Viet Thai in Irondequoit a chance as that seems to have better reviews and it's in our hood, and we have a coupon.
I have been going to this place since a week after they opened. I love their fried calamari (I have actually ordered the calamari over rice as my meal). I like their pho. I used to love it but then I tried the pho special at the South Wedge Diner (no, I did not mistype :). As blasphemous as it sounds, the pho broth at SWD was far superior to the one at SEA's. SWD's pho broth is darker, deeper and has a roasted onion flavour that I prefer. But the noodles and beef are better at SEA. I love this place in general. The service is snappy and the food comes out at a reasonable pace. In addition, I am glad we have a place to get pho where we won't have to worry about getting shot (you know the place I am talking about!). My only (faux) complaint is they have gotten so busy that I now often have to wait for a table!
It was my first pho experience in Rochester. My expectations walking in were low, having lived in Toronto and Atlanta. Like others have mentioned, the place is very easy to miss and I drove right by it initially. However, despite of its hole-in-the-wall appearance, the restaurant serves up some good food for a very reasonable price. My mom and I shared an extra-large rare beef/brisket pho, an order of calamari and a shrimp salad. The total came out to be a little under $19. The shrimp salad was nothing special presentation-wise or taste-wise. It certainly wasn't bad and the ingredients were fresh, but i'm not sure if I will be ordering it again since it's something I could probably make myself at home. The calamari was pretty good. It comes covered with a unique sauce on a bed of chopped lettuce. The sauce has just the right amount of kick and spice to it. My only gripe with the dish is that it could have come out a little bit hotter and crispier. Perhaps, I waited a bit too long before I started eating it. I definitely will order this again. Pho is a very personal thing. Some people like more meaty broths, whereas others concentrate on the fragrance from ingredients such as cilantro, basil and green onions. I found that the broth at SEA was sweeter than what i'm normally used to but very well balanced. I enjoyed it. The restaurant used good quality meat and the noodles were perfect in consistency - not to chewy and not too soft . Overall the portions were decent and the taste of the dishes (especially the pho) were above average (and i'm a pretty picky eater). SEA definitely exceeded my expectations. I have a feeling i'll be coming back very often.
If you love Pho, this is the place to go in Rochester, NY.  Not only is the Pho great, the price is what I would consider very cheap.  I always order the Seafood Pho which is about $7.   If you also like calamari, try the fried calamari appetizer.  The sauce and spice they use in it is something you won't find anywhere else.
Summary: SEA Restaurant is a Vietnamese and Thai restaurant that features Pho and some other noodle and rice dishes. Cost: Super reasonable.  $6.75 for a large bowl of beef pho that doesn't skimp on meat.  Appetizers like the fried squid are in the $5 ball park. Taste: The reason I give SEA 5 stars.  Now, I need to make a confession.  I ate Ramen every weekend basically when I lived in Japan for a semester, and I've had a myriad of different Japanese and Chinese noodle type dishes in Japan and upstate NY.  But I've never had Pho before.  I don't know if SEA's Pho is better than other place's Pho.  I do know that the Beef Brisket and Rare Steak Pho that I just had about 2 hours ago was one of, if not the best, noodle dish I have ever had.  My bowl was filled with onion, scallions, and cilantro, and came with a side of bean sprouts, chili, lime, and thai basil to fix to your liking.  And don't forget the sriracha and hoisin sauce.  What ended up being created was a totally flavorful dish of noodles that had the right amount of spice, salty but not overwhelming, a bit fatty (you can see it in the broth) but not excessively, and a rich flavor unlike any broth I've ever had.  The beef and all of the ingredients were perfect.  I had the Eyeround Steak previously, and while it was good, wasn't as good as the Brisket + Rare Steak. I also got the Fried Squid appetizer since every yelper and their mother seems to praise the heck out of it.  And... it deserves its praise.  It's good.  Really good.  The spices that make up the batter are something great.  I think it's salt and pepper based but there is something ever so slight that gives it a wonderful taste. Atmosphere: It's a corner shop on Monroe, a street I'm not too fond of.  Parking is sometimes inconvenient.  The decorations as other people have said are a bit cheesy or tacky.  The wait staff is nice but not spectacular, but I've had absolutely no problems with them.  But that said, do you go to a tasty restaurant to look at the road?  Admire the decor?  Converse with waitresses?  No.  You go to eat food.  And SEA has darn good food. Overall: If "Possibly one of the best dishes I've ever eaten in my life" doesn't earn a place 5 stars, I don't know what does.  I'm going to be moving from Rochester in the next 2 months, and I already miss it here.  Thankfully the place I'm moving to (Richmond, VA), has some good rated Pho places, so I'm excited to see where my adventures in Pho may lead.   But yeah, definitely check out SEA.  I rarely rate things 5 stars, and while my word means little to everyone's individual's taste, I say at least give it a try.
This is an authentic-feeling, cozy restaurant offering a decent variety of Thai-viet dishes.   Loved the pho.  My wife wondered if I was only getting that for dinner, until she saw the portion sizes.  For $7, a ridiculous value.  She had the pad thai, which was also very good. Spring rolls here were fresher and more flavorful than we've had elsewhere, and we ate at The King and I the following night, so there's a pretty direct comparison. Despite it being Friday night, service was reasonably quick and efficient.  We really liked it.  It's close enough to my office that I will definitely take advantage of their take-out in the future. Definitely recommended.  If they could do another 10 dishes as good as they do the ones on the menu now, it would be 5 stars.
I have been to SEA roughly six times over the last 3 months and will be returning soon.  SEA was my second experience with pho and I cannot get enough of that savory broth.   I am torn between the special pho  including tendon, tripe, flank and meatballs and the flank and meatball.   The broth needs no help but a squirt or two of sriracha and a touch of hoisin really elevates this meal.   The fried spring rolls were pretty nice as well. SEA is usually pretty busy for dinner no matter the day.  The tiny restaurant fills up fast but they turn tables relatively quickly so I have never waited.  The service can disappear at times.  It's not uncommon to get your meal and not get your servers attention again until you make it very obvious that you are ready for the bill.  Conserve your water if it is a busy night.  The waitresses are all very young and friendly so I'll look the other way on the service. With excellent food and generous portions for only $6.50, SEA is really a great value despite its shortcomings.
Not the best spring rolls but I think the pho is the best in the area. And I've tried them all!!!
The asian chicken wings are the bomb!  They are addictive - everything else was good, but the wings are outstanding.
This.  This is what pho broth should taste like.  Maybe it's because the water is better; maybe it's because they have an asian market nearby; but compared to every place I've been to in Buffalo this pho broth just plain kicks ass.   The first thing I did when I got my bowl was try the broth - salty, beefy, good!  And no pepper! (everyone in Buffalo is obsessed with pepper in their broth!)  As I was eating it I kept having flashbacks of being in Seattle, with a huge, cheap bowl of pho to fix my cravings.  This was, most definitely, a taste of home.   The friendly waitress even gave me a piece of paper with the address to an asian market in Rochester.  I was impressed, and I will drive an hour and a half to get the pho here again!
It was tough for me to give these guys 3 stars, because I like going here a lot more than the rating would indicate. Perhaps things would be different if I'd lived in Rochester my whole life. However, I spent 6 years in Boston and the Pho in that city is freakin' awesome. Still, there's much to like about SEA. The place is tiny, so I often find myself hanging out on the corner and puffing my ecigarette on Monroe Ave while another table of patrons scarfs down their pho. No big deal. The service is always friendly and knowledgable (I always know what the deal is, but I usually go with people who have questions). All I've ever had are apps (which are usually very good) and several variations of pho. The thing about pho is that it's pretty easy to make w/ a degree of consistency. I had 3 pho spots in Boston, and I could probably tell you which place made my pho in a blind taste test. In maybe 5-6 visits to SEA, I've had 2 bowls of pho that were semi-clunkers. Weird, right? It wasn't like it was suddenly gross, or that the meat was somehow terrible.... it was all about the broth; it was noticeably lighter in color and less flavorful than other visits. I also noticed that the noodles were totally falling apart, probably from being over-soaked. It's a simple inconsistency in the kitchen. Still, even when the Pho is a little bit off, it's worth going there to get a hot bowl of it for $6-$7. I'll continue to go there and hope they get a bit more consistent, but my quest for awesome pho in Rochester will certainly continue.
I lived in Thailand for five months, and this place serves the best pho I've eaten in the U.S. The seasoning and portions are spot on interpretations, and the Thai iced tea is remarkably similar to what's served on the streets of Bangkok. The prices are also very reasonable. I've eaten here many times, and the service has always been prompt and courteous. The place can get packed around dinner, so I would wear an extra layer of clothing if you go here in the winter (since the door lets in a nasty draft each time new customers arrive).
Great people, love the pho, it is a staple in me diet.... if you have never had it you have to try this....also the calimari
I originally had the opportunity to lease the space on Monroe prior to SEA moving in. I was finishing culinary school and was searching for possible bakery locations.  When I spoke to the landlord he had mentioned that an Asian restaurant had also shown interest. Thinking that most Asian food restaurants come and go,  I passed on the opportunity hoping the space would be available when I returned 6 months later.  To my avail they were not only still open, but thriving and my friends in the area told me that I had to try it.  I ordered the House Fried Rice with BBQ Pork and took one bite, and it hit me.....  This place was NEVER going to close! The food was amazingly tasty.   What had seemed like a slapped together pile of scraps you're used to with other Chinese Fried Rice,  the rice was perfectly cooked with a sweet note to it (after multiple dishes I think they use brown sugar in the stock). Then the Chinese sausage,  Chicken & Shrimp and multitude of veggies blended perfectly and the portion was just enough to enjoy a small app with it and you're plenty full. Now 5 years later,  as predicted they are still going strong and with multiple locations. From dine in or take out, I've never been disappointed and have turned many of my friends onto the awesomeness of SEA's cuisine. The Fried Rice is still on menu and still sweet and delicious as expected. Oh and the Pho & Spring Rolls ain't too shabby either...
I read all the reviews for this place and said to myself, "I must go try this pho!"  So I went and ordered a salad.  It was delicious, and I would recommend it.  My meal was tasty, the service was good, and it was quick and easy.  The parking is the hardest part, and it's worth it anyways.
Good, not perfect.  My geographical credentials for pho are Sacramento, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Westminster (Little Saigon).  I don't claim to be a pho expert; I prefer ramen, actually. The fried squid tasted amazing.  Just salty enough with a kick.  However the batter was a little thick which made the final coating a little dense and chewy.  Perhaps it was because I was there late and the batter had settled?  I like my fried food as light and crispy as possible so I don't feel so bad while eating it.  The pho was good and the waitresses attentive.  The broth relied a little heavily on a certain salty ingredient which makes everything taste good.  The steamed veggies I added were extremely fresh and delightful - by far the star of my meal.   Four stars may be a tad bit generous.  I rounded up because hot soup on a cold day was what I wanted and this definitely hit the spot.
Yum! House fried rice was delicious and a nice surprise compared to others I've had in my life. Generous portion of Pho!
I can't rate on any other food besides the pho because that is all that I have had there, but I am pretty confident that is all I will ever order there because it is that good. Prices are really fair, large portions, and the service is good. ---- Updated: Something has changed with the pho, I am not sure what it is. It doesn't taste as good as it used to. :(
SEA is great! The food is delicious and very reasonably priced for what you get.  They have the best fried squid EVER!  My favorite entree is the house vermicelli which comes topped with shrimp, pork and diced egg roll and always tastes fresh.  My husband swears by their Pho.  It's a small placed that can get easily packed but the service is fast and the food is definitely worth the wait.
This place is small, but I will give them 5 stars, because I have never had a bad experience with the service or foods.  I love the PHO broth  at SEA and there calamari.  Topnotch is there Chef chicken wings.  Can't wait for summer time, so I can enjoy there fresh limeade.
SEA (South East Asian cuisine and Vietnamese Pho) Nice blend of Laotion,Vietnamese and some Thai influenced dishes. Good Pho (hard to find around here) customized to your taste, good Spring Rolls, excellent other dishes. Choices aren't as big as some places but everything we had was great. Attentive staff, friendly atmosphere and nice part of the Monroe Ave strip (read no beggars,street people or shootings unlike some other parts). Small cozy atmosphere,good food reasonable prices.
I love SEA Restuarant!  I had my first taste of Pho here and am hooked.  I tried Dac Hoa shortly after but found the environment and food in SEA better.   Great prices and delicous, healthy food.   Hmmm, just writing about this Pho makes me want to go right now!
Went for some pho and phound it was a great value too! $6-$7 for pho bowls, add $1 to make it an "extra-large" bowl. Added the $1 and it was enough for leftovers the next day! If you eat a lot it's more than worth it. If you don't eat a lot, get it for leftovers. The place is small so might be crowded - I don't know if they do takeout or not but it's probably a good call if you're close by. I'm coming back next time I'm in town.
I had the Cashew Chicken (always a great way to judge Thai food), They did it justice with just the right amount of heat. . Daughter had chicken pad thai noodles - very good too. Enjoyed the fresh Limeaid
I love it here. Its the best!! I always order the Pho Special. For appetizer I would order the fried squid, spring rolls or eggrolls (can't choose sometimes). Food comes out hot and great. I wouldn't get it anywhere else =D
This place is conveniently located on Monroe Ave. With all the options in this area, I recommend not missing a chance to enjoy Phô done right. You get large portions and yet is inexpensive and full of flavor. A must try!
I was in the area for a good pho and based on fellow yelpers, SEA was the place to go. Coming in with no expectation, the location is nothing impressive, rather small but cosy. Casual dinning area is about 10 to 12 tables, seating for +/- 40 customers. I had the fully loaded pho dac biet, unless you don't know what you are into, this is the way to go. Everything was made on the spot and served promptly. Where most vietnamese restaurants would offer Small, Medium and Large serving sizes, SEA only has one size (medium). The menu is kinda limited, but it appears you can order custom dishes aswell. Next time, I'm ordering extra meatballs.
Pho was spot on. It could use a little more beef but otherwise same price as a bowl around the San Jose area. Service was polite and curious. Overall nice little place in the wall to enjoy a meal on a rainy/snowy Rochester night.
Small, low-key cafe on Monroe. We ordered a beef special Pho ($6.75) and Pad Thai ($7.25). The Pho was superb...equivalent in quality to the best Pho in D.C. and MD. The Pad Thai was average, at best. Heavy on sprouts and nuts with a somewhat sweet after-taste. I've definitely had better. Great prices, polite service.
Best pho I've ever had in a restaurant! I'm from New York City, so I've had my fair share of pho and I'm a huge fan of it. When I came to Rochester for college, I was sad to leave behind such a homey and warm dish. After discovering SEA, though, I found that the pho I have back at home just doesn't match up anymore. Their portions can be huge and their broth has consistently been delicious. They don't skimp on the meat, and I've never had any complaints about it. Their salt and pepper squid is the best I've ever had! I don't know if it's the spices they use, or the way they fry it, but even if I can't finish it and take it home with me, I find myself able to munch on it even if it's cold! Sometimes it gets really crowded, but the turnaround time is pretty quick and I find that the wait is worth it.
Just had the #12 Pho with Beef Brisket and Rare Steak.; It was great, the meat was delicious and i could not get enough of the broth.
I was craving pad thai, and my boyfriend and I were in the area, so we decided to stop by SEA. I'm not particularly a fan of pho, so whenever I come here, I always get the pad thai, although I have heard good things about the pho. My boyfriend opted for the pho, and I had the pad thai. We also decided to get the fried squid, which was super delicious, but also a bit spicy. My boyfriend enjoyed his pho, and I really liked my pad thai. The seating is a bit small, but it never seems to be terribly crowded. There is a parking lot behind the laundromat next door.
Viet fried egg rolls were tasty. Number 1 Pho with every thing was good to excellent, broth was tasty, not greasy but it was a just a little mild for my taste. Service was above average. The server tossed my bottled water when I went to a bio break, later she apologized and offered me a fresh ice cold bottle. It was nice as it was a hot ROC day even for a Texan with temperature in the 90s. You cannot go wrong with SEA, Pho and ER are good. And it is cheap. Enjoy.
Great food! Great prices! Great consistent service every time my friends and I go! Everyone should try at least once in their life.
This smaller, cozy restaurant makes an excellent Pho!  This warm bowl of goodness is what I crave on a cold winter's day.  The Beef Special and the Chicken varieties are my favorite.  Also worth trying is the spicy squid appetizer... it's delicious! Prices at SEA are inexpensive---I'm always amazed when the check arrives and, for a party of two, it amounts to $16 or so. Not bad for dinner...
Awesome! This was some of the best broth I have had and it was in the most unlikely of placed! I highly recommend it and can't wait to get back to Rochester for more.
Great to eat on a budget.  The spring rolls and the #12 are a sure bet!
Eat here all the time, typically after a night in which I am over served. Pho and Lao dark can bring you back from any rough night. Fried squid very good and spicy, spring rolls good, most rice dishes, the meat and eggs are always over cooked. That being said still best noodle soup in town. Service relatively bad but that's not what I'm here for, I come for that big bowl of PHO.
SEA Restaurant is a small, tucked away place on a corner on Monroe that is probably easy to miss. I got vegetable spring rolls and seafood pho, both of which were tasty. It's also incredibly cheap, about $16 for two people, and would highly recommend.
Best pho!!!!!!!
Great service! fried squid was good, didnt care for my chicken pho, but the meatball pho is delicious.
I was yelping for a some good food in the Rochester area on my visit here and saw the great reviews this place got. I was still pretty skeptical though. Could this little Asian restaurant in Rochester beat all the places I've tried in California? As a judge of Southeast Asian cuisine, I think I'm more than qualified. I've lived in the San Gabriel Valley of southern CA, where there are Pho restaurants on practically every corner. I also grew up 20 minutes away from Little Saigon, so Vietnamese food is nothing new to me. And to top it off, I dated a Thai guy for 7 years and learned to cook Thai food from his mother. Of course, I wanted to see what the buzz over their Pho was all about, so I ordered a bowl. We also ordered the Grilled Pork Chop dish and Chef Special Chicken Wing appetizer. We noticed that they actually made an effort to serve our meal in courses, which was a very nice touch for such a casual place. The service was without question much better than most Asian places back in Cali. Now to the food. First up, the chicken wings. This wasn't an authentic dish but had very authentic flavors. WOW. I felt like I could actually TASTE the fusion! It was a little bit of so many things - a little sweet, a little tart ... a little salty, a little spicy ... a little bit of Thai, a little bit of something unknown. I've never tasted anything like it and wish I could come back a few more times just to analyze its many textures. The pork chop arrived on a huge mountain of rice. Geez, you could probably feed a family of four in a 3rd world country with the amount of rice they give you! In terms of taste though, it was a bit tough and sightly dry. When I finally got to taste my Pho, I thought oh ok, it just has a mild sweetness to it that I usually don't find with Pho back at home. The flavor was great but as I ate more, I discovered it was more amazing than I thought. Could it be? Is it possible?? A bowl of Pho that ISN'T loaded with MSG??? I could actually eat a bowl of Pho without feeling as parched as an eskimo in the mojave??? And with that, they won me over. Props to them for making the BEST PHO EVER. If this restaurant wasn't 3000 miles from home, I'd be an instant regular. Who knew that a little place in Rochester could outdo all the Pho places I've ever been to. If I'm ever back in Rochester, this will be the first place I visit.
The first time I was in SEA was right before I moved from Rochester to Portland, OR. It was also my first time having pho and I loved it. Portland spoiled me when it came to pho so when I moved back to Rochester, SEA's pho didn't taste quite as good, but it's still better than some of the other places that make it on Monroe Ave. I like that there's a chicken broth option, since I don't eat red meat. SEA is in the same building as our apartment, so we go there when I'm really craving pho and we always take-out. My fiancé feels like there aren't enough noodles in their noodle dishes, so we tend to go to a place down near the Bug Jar if we are actually planning our meal.
Amazing Pho!!! So delicious and the price is great!
First the bad: Not particularly good Vietnamese food, but probably as good as anything you'll find in Rochester. I ordered a dish consisting of vermicelli noodles, chicken, vegetables, fish sauce and peanut sauce. It was kind of underwhelming; something that a college student could probably make in their dorm room (2 stars out of 5). I also had a chicken salad with peanuts, cilantro, and other good stuff. It was quite good, nothing great (3.5 stars out of 5). Now the good: It's decent food at an affordable price. Also the service is excellent. UPDATE: I've tried their Pho. It's a pretty decent Pho and if you've never tried Pho, then it's certainly worth trying. That being said, if you've ever had really good Pho before (as I have), then this won't blow you away by any means. Which is why, despite liking their Pho, I'm giving it 3 out of 5.
Good food. Food come out quick. Set aside that I am all for the Pho, the beef special that is. I enjoy crispy fried noodle with chicken. Fried squid and eggrolls are my top appetizers.
Great Pho!
Pho was one of the first things I wanted to eat when visiting my hometown. The service is always prompt and courteous. I ordered spring rolls and seafood pho. Everything was delicious. I do wish real crab was used as opposed to imitation crab (west coast pho with the real deal has me spoiled) but it was enjoyable. Extremely affordable and always a great time.
Stopped here for lunch today. Ordered 11A off the menu as a suggestion from a friend. Best beef Pho I have ever tasted. great fresh veggies and spices to go with it. Also ordered the spring rolls (a little too much lettuce and too little flavor). The star of the show outside of the pho was the fried squid appetizer. Wonderful flavor and just the right amount of spice. What a lunch!!!! Lunch for 4 with appetizers and drinks was under $40.00. Run, don't walk here if you love pho............
Sunday night, my last night in Rochester before going back to NYC, I wanted something light and well priced to eat.  So my friend recommended Sea and off we went.  I cannot tell you how blow away I was with the fried rice I ordered!  It had bits of pork, chicken, shrimp and a variety of vegetables, but the most outstanding ingredient to me was the perfect amount of garlic in the dish.  I was really impressed and highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
I don't even live in Rochester anymore, but after my searches for pho in a couple of cities since I had to come back and leave a review. N.B. I've only ever had the pho at SEA (and the fried squid), and I care pretty much nothing at all about service or atmosphere so long as they don't steal my credit card or drop water on my head. It's cramped for sure, and street parking only. I wouldn't go with a large group unless it's a really odd hour. Servers are always nice, but sometimes inattentive or overly busy. I've had good pho, and bad pho, and terrible pho, and amazing pho. SEA is amazing pho, and I've never experienced any consistency issues. The broth is clear, with just the right about of fat glistening at the top, with really good complex and clean flavor. Don't doctor it up with sriracha or hoisin - if you like that stuff, put it in a small plate to the side and dip your meat in it instead. Better just to crack open the Thai chili peppers they give you (sometimes you have to ask) and drop them in, and add some basil and a squeeze of lime to brighten it up. I always got #6 (thin sliced round and brisket) with extra noodles - I happen to like my carbs, like any good Asian, and they are certainly generous with the meat. The brisket is also something special - melt-in-your-mouth and beefy, the kind of texture BBQ joints are always chasing. If they had a #6 that came with tripe, I'd have gotten that, because the tripe I've stolen out of my husband's bowl of #1 has always been tasty. The extra large bowl is kind of ridiculous - not sure how anybody can finish it, unless you eat one meal a day. Also, sometimes when we were extra hungry, we'd get the fried squid as an appetizer. It's a little spicy in just the right way, and always cooked very well.
The pho here is very enjoyable. The soup, as others say, is sweeter than usual, but I find it more enjoyable this way. The pho is very filling and very affordable. I recommend the beef special pho! The service here is very good from my experiences. I actually didn't expect it to be as good since usual NYC pho places don't really care for you. Definitely a place to visit when around the area!
The food here is great! I practically tried everything on the menu and cant complain about anything. Being a frequent customer since the grand opening, not much has changed but the service: once you come here a few times and get to know everyone here it feels like home. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming. & being in the heart of rochester; it's a great place to grab a quick snack whether your eating alone or with friends and/or family.
The pho at SEA is out of this world. Salty, flavorful and just delicious. The apps are really good too. It is a no frills place but has a certain warmth to it, and the servers are very nice. I adore this place.
Very good pho soup!
I've lived in NYC and Philly, both areas that have access to a variety of Vietnamese restaurants.  I usually get an order of pho and the vietnamese porkchops since pho hardly fills me up (I have a big appetite).  And around $6 each, I could do so without breaking the bank).   Pho was short of "pho"-nomenal, and was on par with what I've had elsewhere.  I was disappointed in the vietnamese pork chops, but perhaps because I've been spoiled.  It didn't have that charred, flame kissed flavor I'm used to, and I could definitely taste the oil that was used to pan sear it.  Service was great, quick and efficient.  Sitting in a table by the window was cold and drafty, but nothing a cup of hot tea couldn't fix. I'd probably return for the pho and the service, but definitely not the pork chops.
Nice, inexpensive Pho shop with friendly staff and customizable foods.  Many vegetarian options.  Being able to add steamed veggie to the Pho is a really nice touch.  I didn't experience a packed house, but did enjoy excellent friendly service.  I enjoyed the fried squid, it's not your usual calamari and had a great kick to it.
A great experience, casual, low-key, lots of locals.  We had spring rolls, fried squid, the beef special pho and eye round steak pho, and every item was great, flavorful, large portions, etc.  Enough said.
Pho is one of my favorite foods, and SEA (South East Asia?) does it right.  This modest restaurant has a decidedly Thai decor, but they know Vietnamese. We started with Vietnamese egg rolls, which are thin when compared to other Asian cuisines, but rather than being filled with cabbage, they are stuffed with pork and delicious!  (Side note: I usually wrap my Vietnamese egg rolls in any leafy lettuce provided, to dip in the fish sauce, but the lettuce at SEA wasn't plentiful enough, plus it was iceberg). We splurged and got the fried squid (basically calamari) as well.  It was INCREDIBLE!  Honestly, some of the best I've ever had.  Hot, spicy and crispy, I will dream about this squid from now on.  My chicken pho was affordably priced and came in a large bowl.  The broth was rich, noodles were numerous, veggies were farm fresh, and the chicken was hand pulled from the bone.  I usually leave some broth in the bottom of the bowl at most places (after having eaten all the good stuff), but not this time because the broth was so good with small bits of chicken in each spoonful.  My partner got the Pad Thai which he really liked.  It wasn't too oily or heavy, but lighter with fresh ingredients.  We're both fans of SEA and will be back!
Jesse told me what to order, as I was uninitiated to the wonders of pho: Brisket with vegetables. The basil, lime & hot pepper flavor combo with mushrooms, sprouts, broccoli & carrots, plus the noodles and beef...was pretty much heavenly. Perfect on a rainy, cold day. One of the best meals I've had in a long time.
Sea restaurant is the only Pho place that is like the ones back home on the West coast. I get the 11A, that is the Beef brisket pho. Sometimes we add vegetables and that makes it so much more food than anyone should ever eat in one sitting. The egg rolls are so good to the point where I want one whole side dish all to myself. Yes they are that good, even better than other Chinese places.  There is no parking so its all about the time  and day you go there and there is nowhere to wait so if you have a big group of more than 3 then be ready to wait outside. I never have had a problem with waiting, just cause I know not to go around 6-7pm. That's probably when you will have a wait. It's a great place to go for something to warm you up and it helps a lot with the stuffy nose. Lol, the servers are great also, smiles all around.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Rochester, both because the food is great and the prices are near unbelievable. If you want to spend less than 10 bucks on a meal that will totally satisfy you, this is the place to go. I consider myself a regular here, and have been here way more than any other spot in Rochester (perhaps even more than to the Chipotle which is just down the street from me!). I generally stick with the Pho when I go here; i've recently tried branching out into some of there other offerings, such as the goi cuon and the BBQ rice plate, which are good but not as great as the pho is. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
AWESOME PHO - will be going back again this week.  The egg rolls are good too.
Okay, I can't believe I waited a year since I moved here to find this place and it's just up the street a few miles from where I live!  Absolutely awesome!  I had someone recommend it because I had been going to another Thai/Viet restaurant and my friend said this place is cheaper and better.  I thought, humm, cheaper but better?   So, after watching an episode of Anthony Bourdain where he was in Asia I had to run down and get my Asian fix!  Okay, as others have written, this is a small hole in the wall restaurant, check that's a potentially good thing!  The menu, humm, didn't seem impressive but lots of Pho selections.  Price, check, very good!  Wow, nothing over $8, pretty much all dinners are $6 or $7.  I decided to order the food to go, got one of the Pho bowls, Pad Thai, spring rolls, and some curry.  Totally amazing!  I've only had Pho a few times this year for the first time but hands down, the best I've had.  The Pad Thai, okay, best or as good as the best I've had.  The flavor was excellent.  I've had plenty of Pad Thai that sometimes isn't that flavorful.  The curry, well, excellent but was too full from the Pho and I had enough for almost a whole other meal!  The spring roll, was good, not great, but good.  Perfectly fresh, they just made them a bit big, fat that is, so a bit harder to eat than normal and for some reason the rice paper was thicker.  Maybe they used two rice papers to roll it.  But regardless of that one item, everything was top notch.  Having eaten asian food from L.A. to New York and nearly everywhere in between, this place rates better or as good as I've had anywhere.  So, with that, I give them a full 5 stars!
First and foremost, I love their fried squid, it's nice and crispy and spicy :) I personally love 12a pho (steak and meatball). It's a huge portion for a very reasonable price. Love the environment there, everybody always makes me feel welcomed and of course service was always great for me :)
I used to really like this place, but lately the service has been horrible. They never write down the orders and usually end up forgetting something. The food has been only so-so lately too. And it's becoming less and less authentic. Sort of a bummer because this place is in a really good location, but I guess my husband and I will be going to the Vietnamese restaurant near Otis St. from now on.
My ex-wife is Vietnamese and my ex-mother-in-law would always make Pho.  Not saying hers is the best, but I've been eating Pho for at least 15 years... with that said, This stuff is incredible.  I just moved up from Atlanta which has a huge Vietnamese community and hence good food. This is easily better than the Pho I had in Atlanta.  Incredible.
I liked the Spicy Calmari appetizer and their beef pho. Although I think after drinking some of the pho, I got really thirsty. It could possibly be the instant pho packet mix they use for the pho broth, but it is cheap and the waitresses are cute. I think the restaurant is owned by a Cambodian family.
Awesome.  I'd never had pho before and was dying to try it.  I've enjoyed my share of ramen in NYC and had high expectations for this little place in Rochester.  They didn't let me down. Deliciously light broth with an immense amount of flavor.  I like a bit of spice, so in went a few squirts of srirachi.  Perfection.  Flavors of green onion, basil, just the right amount of saltiness to make the flavors pop.  And a perfect meat/noodle/broth ratio.  I had the beef special and was a big fan of the way they shredded the tripe.  I also like the bean sprouts they put on the table. The guys were able to finish the bowl, but the girls only got through about half of it.  Can't beat that for $6.75!  They also had great fresh spring rolls (NOT fried - which is great). It'll be a definite stop when I'm in Rochester in the future.  Just be ready to wait if it's busy - it's a tiny place.
This is as good as it gets for Pho in Rochester, and I must say that's pretty damn good! I've had Pho in NYC, Philly, New Haven, Boston, Denver, and San Diego.... I've got to admit that the Pho at SEA is pretty comparable to all of those places. I usually order beef special Pho which has beef, tripe, tendon, and meatballs.  I must say that the tripe and tendon are in no way off-putting in flavor.  The texture takes a little getting used to, but you know what you're getting yourself into when you order something with tendon. The broth is fantastic.  A little salty, but delicious.  If you are a spice lover there is Sriracha at the table as well as chili oil.  They also give you the option of adding veggies to your Pho as well as offering chicken Pho, which is pretty decent. The appetizers are great also.  The spring rolls and fried squid are very tasty! The pricing makes it a steal and the option to upgrade to an extra large for $1 is a great option if you are famished. The perfect meal for a cold, cloudy, and snowy Rochester day.
Small eatery with a pleasant vibe. The young ladies working are pleasant and friendly I enjoy eating here and telling my friends about it ;  )
I've gone here primarily for their pho, which I had heard was excellent.  They didn't disappoint.  The pho is delicious and the servings are huge. Parking is much easier than you'd think, as you can park on the side street that it corners.  Lunches during the week are usually pretty busy, so expect a wait, as the restaurant is not very big.
Ambiance: Clean and cozy. Nothing fancy Service: Quick and efficient Food: Considering the slim pickings i am thankful for their existence. The food is fresh and always hits the spot.
My boyfriend and I used to like coming here as the food is excellent and affordable, but the service here just SUCKS.   The waitresses speak very little english, and don't even seem to understand what we order unless we point to it on their menu.  You can pretty much forget substitutions, too.  Many occasions I've ordered a soda and they'll bring me an ice water, or vice versa. Yes, they are very young, but that shouldn't be an excuse for bad service, friendly or not. With that being said, the pho and rice porridge are delicious.  The fried rice is also to die for. My one complaint about the food itself is that once I spotted a tiny fly in my boyfriend's bowl or rice porridge.  That sort of thing grosses me right out. It looked fully cooked and golden brown so apparently it didn't just land it there. But, he didn't seem to think it was worth mentioning, so he just fished it out and plopped it along the side of his dish and kept right on eating... Overall the food is the only reason why we ever go back, so my advice is to go with takeout to bypass the horrible servers, and you should be fine.
Second best pho in Rochester (Whatta is the best), but their iced coffee is terrible.
Best PHO and fried rice in town!
I had 4 people in my party, and went based on the reviews from Yelp.  I was hankerin' for some Crispy Fried Noodles (Mi Xao Don), which you can't find at Pho restaurants near me in Hampton Roads, VA.  They had a great variety of dishes, including Pho, noodles, pad thai, appetizers, and of course, the Crispy Fried Noodles.  They also had an interesting array of limeades. My sister got the sparkling limeade, my husband got the jasmine limeade, and I got the salty limeade.  Mine tasted kind of like a dirty margarita, which was an interesting flavor.  The CFN were AWESOME!  I will say that my favorite place has been Le's Vietnamese in Boston, but this is a close 2nd.  As soon as we walked in, we saw mostly Asian patrons, and that is a great sign to me for authentic Asian/Vietnamese cuisine.  We thoroughly enjoyed our food.  The wait was a little bit for a table and service was spotty at times.  Overall, I'd recommend it!
I was so disappointed. I went here once a week for many years and this most recent time I went, the soup was VERY salty. Like couldn't even drink it. =/ Disasterous. So disappointed.
We tried SEA for dinner last night and enjoyed it. I don't eat red meat, so I'm always looking for Vietnamese restaurants that offer a chicken version of pho made with chicken broth, and SEA does. The pho comes with the usual sides of sprouts, Thai basil and lime wedges, and these were all fresh and delicious. Most restaurants give you sliced jalapeno with your pho, but at SEA you get a couple of very small, fresh green chiles; these are very hot and I really enjoyed adding them to my broth. I would have given this place four stars if the chicken broth was richer tasting and more unctious... this one's a little light, but everything was good and fresh, and we got out of there for $15 for the two of us. We'll be back to try the bun and get our pho fix.
I've been out of Rochester for over a year now and I still dream about this pho.  The beef brisket broth is incredible.  I don't know how they put that much flavor into it.  Portions are massive and prices are cheap.  I'm still working on finding comparable pho in NYC.
Excellent Pho.....truly the best I have had in Rochester...and among the best I have ever had...now...pho can be very different day to day....perhaps I hit this place on a day that particularly appealed to my western taste buds...but..none-the-less...excellent...superb service from lovely servers !   and CHEAP !
It's tasty, considering we're in Rochester... I didn't expect to find authentic Asian eateries in Rochester (visiting from NYC), but this place exceeded expectation! AND they were open on New Years Day so they get an extra star! I had the beef pho (good savory soup, though not the best I've had), but I was disappointed that there wasn't a whole lot of meat. My bf and I shared the squid appetizer ($5) and it was fine to me, but bf liked it more. Wish it was a little spicier though! My bf had the bbq chicken rice dish. Lots of rice and the chicken was tasty. Overall it was an enjoyable experience, with pretty attentive and young wait staff (young!). For the price (19$ total) we would do it again. If I have to move to Rochester (which I am considering for work), I'd probably come to this place on a weekly basis.
As everyone says, pho here is good, but I would not say that is the best that I have ever had, though. The fried octopus appetizer is excellent and unique. There are not many options for vegetarians, unfortunately.
I had never had Pho before, and this was my first time at the restaurant. The Pho was amazing, and I will definitely go back. Portions are also very generous for what you pay.
Mmm, Pho!  I had been here once and came back for the Pho...where is the tendon Pho listed I could not find it...however the Pho I did eat was amazing and very inexpensive.  But someone tell me how I can get the tendon.
Best pho in Rochester! Not as good as the ones from NYC but still good! Place is a bit small but still serves great Pho for a great price! Closest thing to good pho in rochester! I've tried the other places but they're not as good as this place! They also do takeout for those that want it for later on!
Authentic, delicious and cheap.  Enuf said.   We had the fried squid appetizer, the thin sliced beef pho, and the pork chop over rice.  All terrific.  The owners are actually Cambodian so you can enjoy the spirit house decor and the picture of Ankor Wat on the wall.  All good.
While I only spent two weeks, not five months like Bryan H., I didn't see that much pho in Thailand. In fact, I didn't realize that Thailand specialized in Vietnamese dishes. I did however spend time in Vietnam and Little Saigon in Orange County. With those places in mind, the food is actually impressive, and not just for being like the only Vietnam restaurant in Rochester. Pho bowls are indeed plentiful and the beef is tender. My com thit nuong pork chop rice had the right flavors, though the chop was slightly too thick. Highly recommended
Yelped our way here and glad we did. Pretty full at 7pm on a Friday but tables turned fast. Spring rolls were a bust as they were mostly lettuce. Chef special chicken wings were ok, a bit gummy but good flavor. Would've liked better if they were crispier. Calamari were awesome, would get again for the salty, umami crispiness. Beef stir fried with Chinese broccoli was pretty good. Beef special pho was really good, nice, rich beefy broth, toothsome noodles, and a ton of beef. Fed one adult and 2 kids under 5. Wish it had more tripe and tendon, wasn't quite clear if there was any-there were a couple of chewy mystery bits that could've been. Only downsides are the small space and lack of foyer airlock.
When I think of Rochester, I definitely do not equate it to a foodie's Heaven, much less a place that is well-versed in ethnic foods but SEA Restaurant is a surprising exception to this.   It has definitely improved from two years ago when I first tried it out with my family.  The broth (which is what makes pho GREAT!) is rich in flavor and doesn't need any additions, although I personally favor a slightly sweeter (hoisin sauce) and spicier (red chili sauce) soup.  The regular size bowls are a generous serving for a decent price and for an extra dollar, you can get more broth and a few more ingredients.  The three times I've been there, the quality has varied.  Where in one instance, my meat was placed in last and was, therefore, still cooking as it was served to me, the second time, my meat was overcooked and cut too thick for my taste.  I am also a huge fan of tendon but this restaurant doesn't really do it justice. My other reservations have to do with service and atmosphere.  It is an extremely tiny place, seating no more than maybe 32 people at one time and because of its increasing popularity, peak lunch and dinner hours crowd up the place quickly.  And when there are a lot of people, service slows down.  Please note, as other people have already mentioned, this restaurant does NOT take reservations!  So, if you want to skip the crowds, go slightly earlier or later.  Parking is located behind the restaurant and although I've never had issues finding spaces, it is a small area so be careful at peak times.   Lastly, when you pay at the register, take some guava candy (green little packages in a big bowl)!  They are absolutely delicious when the restaurant has them!
The pho was OK. It was not anything that amazed me.  The good thing was that it was pretty cheap for the regular size bowl, about $5 and I was pretty full after finishing it up.
Definitely the best pho in Rochester, hands down. And probably the best of all asian restaurants around here. Eating at SEA - the atmosphere, the price, and the good food - made me feel like I was back home, just hanging around with my friends.   The service was great. They don't mind if you take your time - who wants a waiter breathing behind their necks hoping they leave soon while they eat? I certainly don't and they did a great job making me feel relaxed.
i have been here multiple times now with my boyfriend, and i can tell you its worth the 40 minute drive to Rochester just for pho here. The portions are perfect here and we always get number 10 on the menu, which is basically everything you can get in pho. The soup base for the pho is amazing, its just so refreshing! It was a lot smaller than i thought it would be and can get quite busy when it is about to close. The most i ever had to wait was 5 minutes. The only real problem i had with this place was how small it was.
so inconsistent.... soup is too salty, lots of msg... i almost had heart failure from too much salt
The pho was fantastic! Also the spring rolls were fresh and delicious. Small place not very good with small children but they do take out which worked out good. The portions were large and more than enough.  Private parking in the rear.
Some damn good pho. And you can get boba in your Thai iced tea!
Many might thought pho is their best. I would hold a different opinion and say their pork chop on rice is their best. I just had it for lunch today and it reminds me of the authentic Vietnamese style pork chop from the way they prepare it with the lemongrass and scallion... Thai iced tea is surprisingly good too, worth a try! Best Vietnamese pork chop in town for sure.
I was so disappointed after reading such good reviews about SEA. I've honestly never had such poor Vietnamese-type food. I ordered a soup which was not only spilled when brought to my table and not wiped up, but it was just some basic tasteless stock with cellophane noodles dropped into it that were stale and stuck together. The 'seafood' was bland frozen, poor quality also. The appetizer was also very plain and not worth the price. No one in my party was impressed with the prices, service or food.
Good pho, used to love the pad Thai here too but it isn't the same anymore. The fried calamari is the best I've hag anywhere and the chef special chicken wings are damn good, wish they came in a bigger order
My go-to takeout venue.  Consistently delicious, fast, great prices, and they're always friendly.  I live nearby, so I end up eating here a lot; hasn't let me down!
Vietnamese bowl in the summer, pho in the winter, fresh rolls and fried squid anytime. So good, affordable, great for families - We LOVE SEA!:)
I tried this restaurant for the first time today and I have to say I am INCREDIBLY disappointed and needless to say I will not be coming back. The Pho was Ok borderline good and is the reason I gave this place two stars instead of one. Their Pho is not greasy and light on the MSG which is always a plus however they do not have a variety of meat. Even though they listed all the beef cuts, in reality they only have eye-round, tripe, brisket and meatball. I ordered Pho with meatball and tendon, I got meat ball and fatty brisket. I have worked in a Vietnamese restaurant for 5 years so I am very familiar with all the cuts. My boyfriend order the vermicelli with chicken and it was awful. The vermicelli was under cook and been sitting out so it started to dry out. The chicken was ok. Their homemade sauce is good. We also ordered spring rolls for appetizer. While the spring roll itself is Ok their size was pathetic. It is a size of your index finger...no kidding. It is the smallest spring roll I have ever see. For $3/order (you get two) was over priced. Another point, this place is really small, don't let the picture fool you. There is about eight tables in this place. In the end, if you do decide to try this place I would only recommend get the Pho, get anything else and you will be disappointed. They are not authentic Vietnamese foods, and not many varieties either. They also do not serve Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef vermicelli soup) one of my favorite dish. Take my review with a grain of salt since I have not tried everything in that place. But for me I will not be coming back. Side note: I am Vietnamese and I was born and raised in Vietnam for 14 years. I also worked in a Vietnamese restaurant for 5 years so I'm pretty confident about my taste in Vietnamese food. Happy eating
Good food, cheap, quick and good service. I've been coming here since they opened (4 years ago? 5?) and the pho has been consistently tasty and filling. I ask for the steak on the side, raw, and they always give me a heaping portion with lots of scallions on top. There is a very small turnovers with the waitstaff so they always recognize us and are very friendly with no qualms about providing extra basil, limes, etc. I wouldn't say this is the best pho I've had in Rochester (Thai Lao and Pho Duong Dong are better), but for the price, service, comfort and proximity to my home I'll be come here for a while yet.
Best pho in the city.  Service is great.
LOVE.  There are no more words needed!
The name of the restaurant saysSEA meaning South East Asian, but all the items they have are Vietnamese cuisine with the exception of pad thai.. So why does it called SEA? I find the pho was decent.  But I love their their calamari.. It was the best I've eaten. Their grilled beef with rice was a bit try and not enough flavor.
The pho here is great and affordable.  I always get the special because I like the variety of things like beef meatballs, tripe, etc.  I think they're a little skimpy on some of the meat but this wouldn't detract me from ordering the pho every time.  My girlfriend has had some of their other dishes and they're so so, as far as I'm concerned.  Because there are a small number of tables, don't be surprised if you have to wait a few minutes for a table if you come when they're busy.  The only thing this place is missing is banh mi sandwiches.
I was seriously expecting to hate this place. I moved here from Cupertino where the asian population is VERY high so I didn't think I would be able to find decent Pho in Roch. I was sooo impressed. I can almost say it is BETTER than in Cupertino. I have gotten take out from here 2 times and both times the soup was utterly delicious. I picked it up, came home, got out all my bowls and utensils and ect, and it was still too hot to even eat! I love how warm it is when I get home. The quality of the meat is really excellent! I am really picky about freshness and quality and get grossed out really easily, but the steak is perfect. They give you plenty of bean sprouts, basil, and noodles. They offer steamed vegetables for $2.00 and it is soooo good! I don't like putting the vegetables in my Pho but I like getting it and eating it on the side since especially when I feel like I haven't been getting enough veggies. It is really cheap too. I have 2 really minor complaints. One is that they only give you one sauce side of sauce and it is the brown sauce and the red sauce mixed together. I don't eat the brown sauce so this was a problem for me. Luckily both times I asked for an extra side of Sriacha so I was okay. The only other complaint is that they don't have jalapenos!!
Made a great stop on our drive past Rochester. We can't get pho where we live do we appreciate good places by the interstate. Beef special pho was tasty. Service friendly and ambiance slightly above standard pho shop.
The pho here was fantastic.  I lived in the Bay Area for three years and this place could compete there.  I live in Ithaca and I would drive to Rochester just to come back to this place!
The pho is sooo good! Nice and prompt wait staff, casual atmosphere, interesting neighborhood. We yelped it and enjoyed it with three kids, ages 11, 10, and 4 in tow.
Finding it difficult to find really good Vietnamese in Rochester, went by SEA because of the relatively high rating and had only an average experience.  The Spring rolls were small and chewier than my usual haunts on the West Coast, the chicken pho was made with beef stock and had a lot of undesireable chicken pieces I ended up picking out before eating, and the soy sauce bottle on the table had a filthy stopper.  The sparkling limeaid was a nice discovery.  The food was inexensive and tasted okay, service was prompt and friendly, seating is tight and cramped.  SEA is okay in a pinch, but I'm continuing my search for a regular pho shop as it is one of my staples for a regular healthy meal at home.
