So confused as to why this place has an average of only 3 1/2 stars?!  I'm originally from Rochester but have lived in San Francisco for years now, and this place is right up there with the top bars in SF.  Amazing craft cocktails, yummy food, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and awesome atmosphere.  I literally go here at least once, every single time I come home.  If I could rate this place 6 stars, I would!  So happy to have a cool place like this pop up in ROC.
Unimpressed in my opinion its a cheap undercooked version of Good Luck. Bartenders where nice after waiting 20 minutes to get a drink. Food was sub par, I do not know why anyone would choose this over any other place in a mile radius. For the reviews saying its a unique experience and the wine offerings are amazing for this city well Cibon has a very nice but small selection of wine at great prices some of the same wines carried here at half the price ;) Good luck, Trata, Maxs all have very well developed wine lists.
Very unique menu, focused on quality and some local ingredients. The staff were very attentive and took the time to describe their menu and answer our questions. We had the fried chicken, shrimp po boy, pommes frites, pork belly sliders, brown butter ice cream, and strawberry sorbet. All of it was delicious especially the fried chicken which was juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside, and well seasoned. The brown butter ice cream was amazing. Oh and their cocktails were very creative, I tried the violet margarita which is a must if you're a margarita fan, very unique. I can't wait to go back for brunch!
Very good food for the Rochester area. The service was great especially for a slower lunch time reservation. The menu just needs to get more innovative but this restaurant has only been open a few months so it's understandable.
Good food & service
Maybe it was (another) off-day for this place, but this was one of the worst meals I've had in Rochester.  I really wanted to like this place... it's in a cool location, had decent reviews, and the menu on their site looked interesting. Not so. Came for Sunday brunch.  Service took over 2 hours... ridiculous since it was just two of us, and we ordered a salad to split and an entree each.  Decor downstairs is really nice.. but did someone else decorate the upstairs??  It's like sitting in a banquet hall room.. really odd.  The giant pineapple screams, "Wegmans" style.  And so did the food. I had the chicken & waffle, which from the menu's description, promised to be scrumptuously juicy fried chicken on a crisp, delicious waffle with homemade syrup.  But actually it's two small greasy chicken wings lying on a very soggy waffle and if the syrup was homemade, they need to source some new maple trees... really bland.  Perhaps they used Wegman's maple trees out in the parking lot. My companion had the Po'Boy sandwich and after they set it down and left, we both just started laughing.  It was pathetic.  There was a tiny scrap of brownish lettuce and two limp, runny tomato slices lying on the bun's lid... looking like they were tossed across the room at the plate as the server left the kitchen - kudos to the chef for actually hitting the bun, I guess.  The shrimp on the Po'Boy were also tiny, and greasy.   Neither dish came close to what we expected from the reviews, and for the prices. There was a side of fried okra (this place has a fried food fetish just shy of Applebee's).. with an OK dipping sauce... but as one reviewer aptly wrote, it was like a dish out of the '90's.  Nothing new, nor imaginative.  The devil eggs, as another reviewer also aptly wrote, look beautiful, but taste rather bland.  And our salad tasted like it had Wegman's dressing on it. I wouldn't go back again... there's just too many flawed fundamentals about this place, and I doubt they can be fixed.... it's just not authentic.  I know others have had good experiences, but they seem to be more bar/appetizers than a full meal.   Honestly, I think they should scrap serving meals and put a second bar in upstairs.  In fact, the bar should have been on the second floor to begin with... and the restaurant on the first floor.. would have cut the noise level considerably, and made for a far more sophisticated dining room. We went to Max's at the Gallery for brunch the weekend before, and it was an amazing, delectable meal a'la Tribeca or SoHo bistro.  So, I guess our standards were raised and that made Revelry all the more disappointing.  Max's was cheaper though!!   I think a better Sunday would be to go to Max's or Edibles for brunch, then head up the street to the Revelry for drinks and desert at the bar.  Spread the love, and patronize each establishment for what they're genuinely good at. Sorry, but thumbs way down for the Revelry as a restaurant.  :(
This place has SUCH potential, but we really shouldn't be jamming out to old Weezer and late 90's emo! Great wine and  liquor selections for any drinks. Prices, ambiance, and bar tenders are very good. For such a classy place in a city with a reputation for its excellent music, it's no wonder the bar was almost clear at 12:45.
I visited The Revelry for the first time on New Years Eve.  The first thing that struck me about this restaurant was the SMELL.  Beginning on the stairway and enveloping the entire second floor was the pungent odor of gym locker room.  The putrid mix of sweat and mildew hung in the air like a fog.  The Revelry is in a building converted from its original use, and it is clear that the owners need to invest in a better HVAC system to clear the air in the dining space. Aside from the smell (assuming one can get past such an affront to the senses) The Revelry put on a lovely New Years Eve dinner.  The menu was a four course pre fix with a tasty amuse bouche of oyster topped with caviar and paired with champagne.  For my first course I had the celery soup infused with truffle, including a generous shaving of black truffle in the soup.  My date had the beet salad which I tried and also enjoyed.  Four our second courses, my date and I both had the sea bass.  I've had plenty of sea bass in my time, and this ate more like striped bass than Chilean sea bass.  Still it was well prepared, and I only found one bone in this skin-on portion.  For the third course I had a perfectly cooked beef tenderloin which resembled a filet mignon.  The kitchen was gracious enough to allow my date to select the other fish course as her third course (because she was not interested in the beef or pheasant with foie gras).  The red wine paired with the third course was an excellent choice and my favorite pairing of the evening.  Because New Years was drawing near and we had to make it to the Strathallan to meet friends, we asked our waiter for our desserts to go and he humbly obliged.  We missed the wine pairing on the last course, but we made it to the Strath bar with plenty of time to spare and a nice treat for the morning after.   A note on service:  We had a 9:30 reservation, but we were not seated until closer to 9:45.  I am sure the restaurant assumed from the time of our reservation that we intended to ring in the new year from our seats or from the bar downstairs, but more should have been done to confirm this upon being seated.  Our courses came out quickly at first, leaving us very little time to finish the wine each course was paired with, but eventually it slowed down and we had to skip dessert to make it to our next engagement before midnight.   I would definitely go back once I was assured that the air had cleared.  It is a shame that some of the best food I have had in Rochester, and what had potential to be the best dining experience that I've had since leaving Manhattan, was ruined by such an obnoxious odor.
Long wait we had reservations at 8 but didnt sit till 10. Amazing service at the bar donnie made bad ass maple old fashion and vegas . Not sure if it was worth the wait but the best part if the nye dinner was the Pam frits with truffle aoli delicious- we had to request extra cause we were super hungry
I'm not opposed to a good drink, but eccentric cocktails are not really my thing.  If you like paying $10 for odd tasting drinks with strange ingredients like grapefruit bitters and smoked whiskey, this is the place to go.   There seems to be an explosion of this type of "retro cocktail" establishment in Rochester, though admittedly, this is a restaurant, unlike a few of the others where the focus is definitely on the drinks.  What I liked about the Revelry, aside from the cool interior design, with antique white glass chandelier over the bar, and glass floor to see down to the wine cellar, was the speed at which the cocktails were made and delivered.  We have tried a few other "cocktail" places around the ROC and found it to be a sometimes unbearably long wait for a drink, even in an uncrowded bar...you know, can't rush the guy with the handlebar mustache and bowler hat who is using his "mixology skills" to craft the perfect drink for you.  Not the case at Revelry... the guy who was taking care of our party of 20 during a pretty rockin' happy hour time slot was busting out Mule Tieds and Vegas like a speed freak on a bender.  This guy was seriously in a zone.  Loved it.  But the Mule Tied was a bit too strange for me, not sure it was the bitters or the ginger beer, or a combination of both, but not something I would order again.  Anyway, it was a short visit and we did not eat there.  Will come back and try the food on another visit
Cool decor and great bar scene. We sat at the bar for dinner. Worst service I've ever experienced for marginal appetizers. They forgot to fire our main courses. We paid for apps, ,and won't go back
Meh. I'd go back to the Revelry again for a second try, but on this first trip I thought it was overpriced and mediocre. I went for lunch on a weekday and ordered a burger. For $17, a burger and fries had better be delicious. This one was mediocre. The bun was pretty good, but the "sauce" on the burger tasted like nothing more than a mixture of ketchup and mayo. I asked for my burger to be cooked medium-well, and it came out well done. The fries, however, were pretty gross. They were extremely greasy and tasted like they had been sitting under a hot lamp for an hour before they were served -- which is strange, since it took FOREVER for them to bring out my order. Right now, the food and service don't really seem worth the price.
terrible service, slow, mixed up orders oysters tasted suspicious and the entrees were so so at best.
Love the atmosphere, the food, the people & the drinks! We have eaten here three times and I can't wait to go back.
Love this place for drinks. Highly recommend the Tran 84 -Refreshing and tasty.  Wine list could be better.  Cool atmosphere, love the bartenders.  Had dinner for the first time and sadly have to say we will stick to drinks from now on. Everything was TOO rich, where it wasn't enjoyable. The service was very slow (not a busy night) spent  2 hours for a dinner that was expensive and unsatisfying.  Pretty bummed- but will definitely go back for the bar!
Just had second visit to Revelry. Not impressed with the bar service at all. While their cocktails are unique, they seem to enjoy shaking their mixers more than really paying attention to a customer's needs and doing so in a timely fashion. A glass of wine should be served first when part of an order then take on the complicated drinks. Not ready to run back.
After the fact,I agree with the person that said he only ate at a new restaurant when all the kinks get worked out.Great bar,experienced bar tenders,current cocktails.The very limited menu just didn't live up to the high end prices though.And the very young,hip wait staff needs some training.And the kitchen needs to find a chef that can put a sear on scallops,halibut,duck breast.Really wanted to like this place,just left feeling disappointed after spending the money that we spent.Maybe we'll go back when you grow up!
Now this is service AND great food!!!! What a fabulous new addition to the Rochester restaurant scene.  The food was absolutely fantastic.  But, I was most impressed by the service. The most interesting thing to me is that good service should not depend in the restaurant and can be in a diner, food truck, or restaurant ...and Revelry GETS IT!!!  We will definitely be back...soon.  I gave it four stars because they allow people to smile right at the front door. After a great meal, the last thing I want to taste is someone's cigarette as I leave...YUK!!! Plus, ONE women's bathroom???  Seriously?  What are you thinking?  Fix these problems, and it's five stars.
Great new restaurant! The food was superb!
I have had drinks at the bar on a number of occasions and enjoyed everyone.  This is primarily due to the personalities of the bartenders and the atmosphere.  The drinks have a very pleasant flavor but are a bit inconsistent, not to say that they don't all taste good they do.  There just a bit different each time.  It looks like this is due to a stronger focus on flare and show instead of precision.  This isn't always a bad thing, if I was only concerned with precision and didn't care about my surrounding I would just make drinks for myself at home.  I've only had dinner in the dining room once.  The service was fantastic very quick and very attentive although there were a number of mistakes made, like the wrong entree being served and drinks missing or made in error.  This however did not diminish the experience because all errors were corrected very quickly.  My only complaint about the food was the portions sizes.  I understand the idea of fine dining and abbreviated sizes but this is upstate NY not NYC.  The cost of business up here doesn't compare So the portions sizes shouldn't ether.   Over all I would eat there again
My first experience at The Revelry was pretty awesome. Great cocktails, great food, and great service. Our second experience was not quite as good. We arrived and were told that we would be seated outside despite having made a reservation for an indoor table. Normally, I wouldn't mind this, but eating outside here basically means sitting in a parking lot on the industrial end of University Ave. At least they had a pergola I guess... We ended up waiting for quite a long time for a server to come to us, so long that we even considered leaving. However, before my irrational rage took over completely, our server did finally come, and we ended up having a great meal. The cocktails were some of the best I've had in Rochester (in fact, I've been making The Alliance myself at home) and the food was all prepared quickly and beautifully and tasted great. Even though I was a little frustrated with The Revelry during my most recent visit, I still think it's a great restaurant. Very cool interior, great drinks and food, and overall, a nice place to go out in Rochester. Just ask to sit inside.
I've been to Revelry twice now and had mixed experiences. My first trip was great.  We had to wait a little while for our table, but our group was happy to sit at the bar and drink.  Plus, the bartender was super friendly and making some really great drink suggestions. I can't remember what we ordered the first trip, but everything tasted great. Our second trip, I had made reservations when my parents were in town.  We got there and for some reason they didn't have our reservation.  We had to wait a bit, but then they sat us outside.  I asked if we could sit inside, because the outside seating along University and the parking lot isn't great.  Not a good atmosphere!  We then sat at the table for 15 minutes before anyone came over to greet us or take drink orders or anything. Once it was brought to the managers attention, things turned around and the staff was very attentive.  The food was great, and the cocktails are always delicious.  Despite this, I was left with a pretty bad impression after the first couple of hiccups and the food and drinks didn't win me back over.
Upon entering on Sunday afternoon of Labor Day weekend we were greeted by friendly staff; especially the extremely accommodating and knowledgable bartenders (don't tell my husband, but the bartenders were easy on the eyes ;) ) We enjoyed wine, beer, cocktails suggested by bartender (delish), and my favorite- the handmade donuts.   The ambiance here is clean, classic and laid back.  Make sure to look down towards your feet to check out the wine cellar. And I know it isn't a big deal for men, but us ladies appreciate a clean bathroom, as the one here is. I will certainly come back to try a full meal here and would recommend this place for the libations.
First time here and we were blown away! The seasonal menu was out with pumpkin soup to die for, I could eat that every day! The cooked to order cast iron corn bread is crusty and sweet but savory perfection!  Beautiful clean and simple elegance all around.
Amazing cocktails!  Service at the bar can be a tad slow, but when you see how much work is put into each cocktail it's easy to understand why that is.
Have been going here on Wednesday evenings as a last stop,  for most of the summer.  We always look forward to our favorite mixologist  Sarah, she is an artist behind the bar, always a great show with her fabulous style for preparing the perfect drink.  Love the bar set up and it's a very nice vibe.  Have dined here several times and it's always been a pleasure, food is prepared with love, great flavors with simple clean presentation, wait staff has always done an excellent service.  Duck, scallops, fried chicken and the biscuits, fabulous, a menu that will please anyone.
Celebrated hubby's birthday.  We were seated right away.  Started with the fried green tomatoes and crab app per waiter's suggestion - delish!  Then moved on to the lettuces with a basket of biscuits. Warm biscuits served with bacon pimento cheese spread - yum! For entrees, I had the scallops - a tad salty but cooked perfectly and very tasty.  Hubby had the duck with smoked cheddar grits - again cooked perfectly and so good. Topped fantastic meal with pecan Sandies with bourbon glaze.  Want to also call out the great service. Definitely will return and recommend.
Cocktails and atmosphere was great. Perfect place for date night. Wednesday night fried chicken special was delicious. Lots of leftovers even with 2 people!
We finally went here for dinner, and it lived up to the hype! Sat at the bar with my wife, started with cocktails, and stayed for dinner. Bartender was perfect! very helpful, and friendly. Started with fried green tomatoes, which were a bit of a let down. The Dinosaur's are better. After that everything was perfect. Duck breast was cooked med rare and tender as anything. I love grits & these held up to the challenge. My wife ordered scallops and they were also cooked to tender, creamy perfection. A bit pricy but I left feeling I got my money's worth. We will definitely return.
They could have transported a trendy sophisticated restaurant in San Francisco or Napa and plopped it in Rochester and you'll get the Revelry!  Call me officially blown away by the quality of this restaurant, not just the food and drinks, but the ambiance, service, crowd, and even choice of music.   I live San Francisco and have spent a good deal of time in the Napa and Sonoma wine countries.  I am an unbashed foodie and can say with certainty, Revelry rivals the Zagat rated Bay Area restaurants us foodies all flock to.   I was visiting Rochester over the July 4th weekend and a friend suggested we have dinner here.  Straight away, I noticed it wasn't your typical Rochester eatery.  The chic urban atmosphere immediately caught my eye and as I walked across the glass floor to the host stand and saw the private wine room beneath my feet, I knew I was in for something unique.  This place delivered, boy did it ever! John, the bartender with the mad drum skills, mixes some killer cocktails.   I had the Muay Thai Mule and Pennyroyal Tea.  They were incredible  My friend inquired about a mescal drink he had here months ago that is no longer on the menu.  John concocted another version of a smokey mescal herb strawberry cocktail on the spot.  It was dynamite.  I hope he remembers exactly what he put in it because it should be on the menu! The simple appearing smoked spaghetti squash with kale chips and smoked almonds packed killer flavor and crunch.  The server said it is prepared sous vide with butter to infuse the squash with a deep smokey flavor.  Spot on. The oysters were good and plump but not as briny as the west coast kumamotos I'm used to.  Delicious nonetheless. I had the seared scallop served with risotto and English pea pesto.  The scallops were well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The risotto was also perfectly seasoned and had a good mouth feel and texture.   Also kudos to the wait staff.  They were friendly and knowledgable.  They made the overall dining experience very pleasurable.     I can't stop raving about this place.  Seriously, my food snob friends don't believe me when I talk about it.  The lesson learned here is that if one ventures out of the bubble of the west coast food scene, one can find gems like this in unexpected places.  Revelry is on my not-to-miss list for every future visit to Rochester!  You guys rock!
Firstly, I give The Revelry 5 stars all day long. My boyfriend and I had been meaning to check this place out for awhile now, and I regret not going sooner. We tried 4 cocktails a piece. I got the E.L James, The Vega, The Hemmingway, and my absolute favorite was the Ginger Baker, a spicy ginger-jalapeño cocktail laced with Cochaca (Apologies, I believe that's what it was, I was 3 drinks deep and feeling freaking amazing at that point. Haha.)...alas, it was off the charts good with the perfect balance of fragrant ginger and spice playing a harmonious symphony on my palate. Zack, our bartender was attentive, he is very meticulous when he makes his cocktails. I can't tell you how much I loved seeing that. I make cocktails at home, and have a deep appreciation for a chilled glass, large ice so the drink isn't watered down,  balanced flavors, and fresh ingredients. He is a true artist. House made purees and syrups are used, in conjunction with high quality spirits, and elegantly garnished without an overly pretentious vibe. They are the real deal. I have to note that if you come to The Revelry for drinks, the spirits used are not your standard premium spirits you see on every bar setup in town. They have an exquisite, eclectic selection, and some fantastic local ones. You will not see any cliché selections here.  The cocktails here are totally on point. It was a joy watching him do his thing behind the bar, and as a person, he was awesome.  It made the experience special for us. The friendly invitation for a celebretory cheers to a shot of Low and Slow whiskey before we left prompted us to leave him a hefty tip. Zack is a smooth operator, and that whiskey was just as smooth. For apps we ordered the duck tacos, they had a delicious, tangy/sweet Carolina- style vinegar based slaw, bright, citrusy cilantro, a pickled peach relish which brought a lovely sweet acidity to the dish, and the duck was juicy with the perfect hit of smoke. The duck melted in my mouth and it was not at all greasy or fatty. The warm, housemade corn  tortillas were the perfect hand-held blanket to hold all the ingredients. The second app we got were the beet deviled eggs. Oh mylanta.  They were decadent, creamy, there was a thick cut piece of Applewood Smoked bacon on top ( come on now, bacon is involved, and a mustard "caviar", and a cornbread crumble, as well....those things made those eggs over the top. I loved how sexy and tight the plate looked with small, paper-thin, mandolin sliced beets, I believe it was watercress, red shisho herb, or some type of fresh micro greens delicately dancing across it,  and the egg filling as a discreet 'glue' to hold each egg in place on the plate. The whites of the deviled eggs were not coyingly red/purple with beet juice, just a hint of color. They were beautiful. I appreciated how the integrity of the dish was elevated and that they were not shy on the mayo, there's brown butter in it too, but without it being overkill/potentially contributing to one getting Type 2 Diabetes. Well, maybe a little. But its a worthwhile indulgance for sure.. Additionally, I didn't get a nasty sulphuric after-taste because of overcooked hard boiled eggs. Out of the 2 appetizers, in and around the mouth, this one was my favorite. I hands-down had the best local food and drink experience at The Revelry...the best ever in the 27 years I've been alive and kicking. Are we going back? Excuse my English, but you bet your ass we are. I'm not wearing a hat, but if I was, my hat would absolutely be tipped respectfully to the people who own and are staffed there. The Revelry has fresh, modern food with southern flare, while on  preserving and reviving  the tradition and history of a classic bar - fanciful vest and suspender action included - you need to come here to experience it for yourself. The Revelry just gained themselves two very happy customers who will be back for more.
Unfortunately my first experience at The Revelry was not the best. The cocktails and food were prepared well, however, the customer service was very disappointing. Upon arriving, I left my name at the hostess stand. The hostess mentioned she could sit my friend and I as soon as she arrived, and accommodate us with little problem. However, once my friend arrived and we went to the hostess stand, we were curtly told that we could only have a table until 7:30pm because the table was reserved. I asked if she had any other open tables, and she said no. What is most upsetting is that at 7:30pm, my friend and I looked around, and there were 4 empty tables around us. We felt rushed throughout the whole meal, and given the expensive prices of the menu items, we were disappointed that we couldn't enjoy our dinner. In addition, when we told the waiter we felt rushed and therefore didn't want to order an appetizer, he just shrugged his shoulders. Once our plates were cleared, he didn't even offer us a dessert or coffee menu. We both felt very unwelcome, and won't be returning.
I would like to just preface this review by saying that I typically do not leave reviews, in fact, this is my first "yelp" review that I have ever completed.  This establishment exceeded all expectations that I had for a special night.  We were honoring a soon to be bride that needed to have a proper celebration.       I had called to make reservations which was an experience in itself - it just felt really personal.  They asked about any special dietary requests, what (if any) reason we were coming to have dinner that night and when I mentioned the above they made me feel reassured that I had chosen the right place to go that night by saying "oh, we will be sure to make this night special for you, the bride and all of the bridesmaids."   I had heard about The Revelry from my sister who lives in the Rochester area as I am currently a resident in eastern Washington state.  As soon as you walk into this restaurant you are greeted by smiling faces that are so ready to accommodate you and make your experience special.  The bartenders were simply amazing - the cocktails were prepared in style with attention to detail.  Zack rocked the house and all of us girls easily enjoyed 3-4 cocktails a piece. We were taken to our table and all decided to share the homemade biscuits with smoked butter and pimento cheese - SO amazingly delicious and slightly addicting.  We all got supper entrees as well - all of which were plated beautifully and scrumptious to boot. Our night was made super special by our waitress, Jess, who brought out a bottle of champagne for us to "cheers" the new bride to ( might I add - this was "on the house").  This just put our night over the top.   The Revelry has it all and I would highly recommend it to anyone.  If I weren't on the west coast I would for sure be visiting here on a weekly basis.
Venue is great and menu was unique - many "twists" on southern food.  We ordered deviled eggs and biscuits appetizer, and fried green tomatoes with crab.  The dishes were amazingly presented.  Had primavera and duck entrees, both were wonderful and artfully prepared.  Ambiance was brick and industrial in a good way - very cool.  Wait staff was super friendly and knowledgable.  A great experience overall.
I was here for a work function (yay for business dinners where I can eat for free!) a few weeks ago, and it was really delicious. We ate in the wine cellar, which was GORGEOUS. Dark, cozy, and cool. The staff really set us up... I arrived early, and the hostess brought me down to the room after checking to make sure it was ready. The only way to get to the cellar is going through the back and through the kitchen, and everyone I encountered on my trip down there was very friendly and said hello as I followed the hostess (who was beyond sweet). They had an iPad set up for us with music, and showed me how search/change the station if I wanted. It was set to some quiet jazz/blues which was great for a business dinner. A little dark, but a really fun room. It has a glass ceiling, which made for some interesting conversation! But before I get to the food, let's talk about the bar. Along with a few co-workers who were also early, we sat at the bar and ordered a round of drinks. I went simple and ordered a vodka martini, dry with a twist. YES. This martini was the best I've ever had in a restaurant. Period. It's simple to make, but when made well, it's divine. And this one was better than divine. It was perfectly balanced, and the bartender (I wish I had gotten his name!) was super friendly and chatted me up while mixing up my cocktail. I would go back just for the martini. We ordered a whole bunch of appetizers, but I'll only review what I tasted. The oysters, both raw and cooked, were awesome. The chicken fried oysters went fast with my fellow diners, and with good reason. Fried beautifully, they were super hot and the oyster was nice and juicy. The raw ones were awesome as well, small like I like, and very fresh, perfect with just a squeeze of lemon. We also tried the duck tacos (very good), and the fried green tomatoes which were light and juicy - I had never had fried green tomatoes before, but I'm a convert now! Our group also ordered the cast iron mac and cheese (smelled heavenly), and the biscuits. I was at the other end of the table, focused on oysters, so I missed the biscuits, but was told they were very, very good. Next time, this girl will get her hands on one! Most of my colleagues had the special that night, a ribeye with golden roasted potatoes, but the scallops were calling my name. With good reason. These were incredible. I was sad when I got full and left one lone scallop on my plate. No worries as one of my colleagues saw the last one that I had cut, and ate half of it off my plate. And then ate the other half a few minutes later and said "Wow. That was delicious.". I must say that the pea pesto and risotto it was served with *almost* upstaged the scallops. This dish was that good. Our sever Jenny was awesome. I might be biased, as I knew her from outside of the restaurant, but she was awesome with our group. I am so glad I tried this place out, and I cannot wait to go back again! I've heard the halibut is incredible here as well, but I'll be hard pressed not to order the scallops again! And a vodka martini. Now... stop reading, and get yourself over to The Revelry!
Sorry, but I can't get on the rant-and-rave-about-Revelry bandwagon. It's just not that amazing -- three and a half stars, maybe. Yes, I'm being picky and snobby, but I'm being honest. I went there with three other foodie types. We each had different things, but none of it was amazing. Yes, the menu is creative and most of the ingredients seem fresh and mostly local. The preparations were technically done well, but the flavors were just not that special nor well integrated. We started with fried green tomatoes -- perfectly prepared, yes. But the flavor was just ok. I will say that the biscuits were excellent and some of the pre-dinner cocktails were great. My main course was the fried quail and black garlic waffles -- cool dish and very edible, but again, nothing to write home about. Other diners with me had scallops on grits, a duck three ways dish, and something else I can't remember -- a burger maybe. All nicely prepared, but nothing special at all. Dessert was the chocolate cake -- pretty average, and an olive oil cake -- pretty terrible and dry. Also on the negative side: it's very, very noisy. I can deal with noisy, but this place is bad and made worse by their musical selection: seemed like mostly 70s and 80s dance/club tunes. Huh, a little counterintuitive given the southern theme and beautiful interior decoration. Anyway, nice place and run by locals living their dream, with a creative menu and good cocktails. Go and check it out yourself, but don't be surprised if you're underwhelmed like me.
The Revelry truly is fabulous.  I often go for cocktails and appetizers, but I also threw my husband's 40th birthday party there.  Every guest raved about the food and the wonderful service.  The bartenders at the Revelry are truly one of a kind.  They are so friendly and they are absolutely artists at their craft.  I highly recommend the Revelry for food and service!!!
I can't stop raving about this place.  The architecture, the food, the amazing wait staff, the drinks! I recently was tasked with planning a night out with the guys I'm on group with in the firehouse and I was initially a little hard pressed to think of a place that would cater to all of the particular tastes and nuisances of my friends' palates.  Honestly, I took a gamble on suggesting The Revelry when all but myself had yet to hear or actually try the restaurant out for themselves.  Floating the digital menu around, every single one of us where able to find something that immediately sounded appealing to them in both the drink and food menu's.   By the end of the evening, i'm fairly confident that between the nine of us, we had ordered AT LEAST one of everything on the menu and were completely enthralled with the whole experience!  I literally can't stop raving about this place to anyone that will listen.  I'll be back tomorrow!
If you are looking for a Hipster Chippendale show then head to the bar. Cocktails are yummy but the bar manager has been such an asshole to me more than once that it's turned me off to wanting to go there. I've only eaten there once & it was good but over-priced. Moral of the story: just go to Good Luck.
Really great place. Great ambiance, better food. Very San Fran vibe in Rochester! I'm going back when I visit next.
I wish I could split this review into one for the bar and one for the restaurant. The bar is always packed and for good reason. The cocktail selection is great, and the bartenders are always ready with recommendations to help you try new things, so don't be afraid to ask! Prices are comparable to the other high-end bars in town (Good Luck, Cure, etc.). I enjoy their whiskey selection a lot. The restaurant is not quite on the same level. This is a place where prices are high and portions are small but it doesn't quite match up with other restaurants in town who follow the same model. There are some bright spots (for the current menu I recommend something like the biscuits or duck tacos). For entrees I've liked the duck selections. Vegetarian options are limited, which is another downer compared to similar restaurants. I can't speak to the brunch that other reviewers rave about but will update my review when I finally experience it.
Wonderful dinner, wine and service. Wonderful ambiance. Make a reservation for after 7 and you'll avoid a good deal of the noise, get a great table, and a relaxing and wonderful meal. Get the duck! It is trendy and a bit pricey but everything is creative and wonderful. The menu changes every 90 days and everything is fresh and creative. It only gets better every time I come. It was recently written up by thrillist as the out of NYC Rochester restaurant to visit. Couldn't agree more.
I was excited to do some late dining after a night bar hopping with old college friends. One suggested this bar and raved about the food. So we drove over here.... the parking lot was empty, but the bar was still open. Went inside and asked to see if the kitchen was open.. Nope. It's Sunday after midnight. Umm yeah the kitchen definitely isn't open. The bartender regretted that it was closed, even though we saw some of the employees being served some smoking hot food..... he saw us eyeing that and then told us of an amazing bar restaurant that'd be open at this hour. We took his word and glad we did cause his suggestion was perfect! We would love to try this place another time when we're in Rochester... preferably during the day. :)
So my first time will surely not be my last time at The Revelry! The atmosphere was warm and welcoming, modern with a touch of trendyness, yet not pretentious. Most reviewers commented on the noise level and it was fairly loud, however i didnt find it offensive or a hinderance to conversation.   I came with a rather large group (17 people!) and the reservation for 8pm was honored immediately.  The wait staff were personable and knowledgeable.  Kudos to the young lady who proactively offered to adjust one of our tables that seemed a bit wobbly. She had it fixed very quickly.   My Muay Thai Mule was delicious and refreshing, consisting of Polish vodka,  house made Thai basil and strawberry shrub and Gosling's Ginger Beer. I had the chicken and fixins' and it did not disappear. It's a hearty serving of chicken, biscuits, Cole slaw and pickled veggies (which were so damn tasty I'd go back for them alone). It's meant to be shared by 2 people and at $27/per, I think it's very reasonable. I do think the chicken needed a tiny bit of salt but it was hot and fresh and crispy. Well done. All in all I enjoyed my time there and will be back.
Paid a dinner visit to The Revelry last night.   Reservations were honored just as we arrived. Had what I considered to be a preferred table.   Service was a bit on the "relaxed" side. On week nights I prefer to hit and run. This concern was minimized by the professional and courteous staff. I had the Halibut. It was cooked to perfection. Superb taste. Liking The Revelry a lot.
Really good variety of cocktails.  The bartenders, or mixologists, surely know what they are doing.  Their bar menu changes periodically.  The bartenders are really friendly and saying that "they like to have fun" is the understatement of the season.  Get these guys the right clientele and their party pants come on.  They also serve these cashews/peanuts with candied bacon...I repeat, candies bacon.  SO nice of them to offer such a delishiz treat at the bar.  And this is one bowl of nuts I have no reservations of digging into. I've dined in for brunch and had the Chicken and Waffles.  The chicken was amazing and the waffles were also cooked to perfection...mine only needed a bit more of maple syrup but other than that it was a great treat.  Having said that, I do not feel that the prices are just.  I feel that some of the meals the folks I dined with ordered with overpriced as well.  Have been meaning to go back for brunch to try more drinks and specials :)
I'm giving them 3 based on the inclusion of atmosphere which I like outside, although there isn't much to look at on university. Had some really subpar oysters and the food was good, but not great. I want to like this place but after 2 visits I think there are much better options nearby.
Finally made it to The Revelry. We had an early dinner on a Friday night. We started at the bar with a couple of their signature cocktails. The drinks were good but pricey at $10 each. The bartender was very friendly and attentive. Next, we headed upstairs to have dinner. I had the scallops which were delicious but their plating style is minimalist/expensive so basically you pay a lot for a pretty plate of not so much food. My boyfriend ordered the bone-in tenderloin. It came out pretty much raw. It was so noticeably raw that we didn't even have to tell our waitress to take it back, she stopped and saw it and offered. She then came back to inform us that the chef was preparing him another. The next time our waitress came back around I was finished eating. She was also empty handed. Because it had taken so long we told her not to worry about bringing out his steak, we would just take the check. Later when bringing our bill she also brought the initial piece of meat not a new one in a box stating that the chef wanted us to have this. There was no apology or offer of compensation at all. Having worked in restaurants I realize mistakes are sometimes made but for a meal priced at $30 and an establishment that prides themselves on their "good" service, there should have been more of an effort to make it right or compensate him for a meal that he in fact paid for but could not eat. A nice gesture would have been to at least buy him a drink while he waited. It's possible that our server was new as she seemed almost like she was reading from a script. Sadly because of this incident we won't be back. To sum it up, go for the bar alone and skip the restaurant/food.
Amazing!  I am a bit of a restaurant snob. Coming from the metro NY area, I am often skeptical of upstate restaurants. That being said, The Revelry blew me away!  We were planing on having dinner, but our schedule didn't allow it. Instead we had such a delightful lunch. We were cheerfully greeted by the hostess and outgoing bar staff. We were then seated in the spacious, beautiful upstairs. The decor was both eclectic and classy. Our servers were, friendly, warm, professional and knowledgable. The food was unexpectedly awesome. We had the Beet deviled eggs, grilled watermelon with tomato, honey lemon vinaigretteand homemade ricotta, a special fried oyster sandwich with avocado and "srirancha" dressing, which was so delicious  it almost made me cry.  We had to sample 2 desserts on the cherry panna cotta, lite refreshing and just the right amount of sweetness and and an olive oil cake with pine nuts, peach compote and
Our new date night destination. The energy behind the bar was contagious. The bar manager Jon was absolutely fantastic. Best mixologist in Rochester. Funny, attentive and professional. Wonderful atmosphere. The fine details from staff selection, lighting, music, menu options and over all aesthetics were on point. Great location and plenty of parking.
Three words for you: treat. yo. self. *Treat yo self 2013* This Christmas season, my roommates and I spent an evening treating ourselves. What did we treat ourselves to? COCKTAILS. Treat yoself. Oysters on the 1/2 shell. Treat yoself. Warm Biscuits and cheese sauce. Treat yoself. More cocktails. Treat yoself. Vino. Treat yoself. Halibut. (NOM) Treat yoself. It was the best meal of the year. The best meal of the year! (in Rochester) youtube.com/watch?v=ZsAB…
The Revelry was recommended to us by a local, so we decided to go for an early dinner recently. It was a Saturday night and we lacked a reservation, so we were prepared to arrive early and sit at the bar, which looked like fun, but they were able to seat us in the restaurant. We started with a cocktail, as mixology seems about as important as food here; I had The Alliance, which is rye, dry vermouth, campari and tincture of black peppercorn. It sounded good, but was sweeter than I thought it would be, and the lemon peel was more pith than zest, which made the drink bitter in an unpleasant way. I mentioned it to the waitress toward the end of the drink, when I realized I should have removed that lemon garnish right away. She thought they probably left the pith on the rind intentionally. In which case, I have to really disagree with their decision. A small thing perhaps, except for the fact that they specialize in cocktails. On to the food. We decided to share some apps and have a salad instead of getting an entree. We started with the chicken fried oysters, the fried green tomatoes and the smoked duck tacos. Both the tacos and the green tomatoes were very good, but the oysters were a tad greasy. The brilliance of Southern food is due to many things, not the least being their amazing ability to fry anything to perfection. This dish fell a little short of that standard for me. The taco was delicious...just a bit smoky and rich and unctuous. I thought the fried green tomatoes were equally wonderful. For a salad I tried the Bibb Lettuce, with bleu cheese, grilled peaches and candied pecans. This is a really nice salad, with sweet, tangy and smoky elements all blending well. Overall, a fun and inventive menu, which is sometimes executed with skill. I would give them another try.
Birthday celebration ordering bonanza Poutine was the most delicious of the dishes although the blackberry didn't shine through at all Basket of Biscuits, the pimento cheese was yum, mixed feelings on if the biscuits were cooked all the way or doughy Beets. although the beets are billed as roasted, raw and pickled there was relatively little difference between them all. One similarity was the hardness of them all. Lamb Spare Ribs had a fabulous creole tomato glaze, lamb flavor came through and the slaw was flavorful and crisp. Guinea Hen was drippingly moist, potato gratin was tender and mildly seasoned. Halibut was cooked well, the charred eggplant puree smudge was very smokey. Day Boat Scallops were also well cooked, the roasted farro tasted as if it were cooked in the saltwater the scallops were pulled from. The black garlic puff was like a slightly bitter take on a cheesy poof. Salmon was also cooked well with sweet elements and al dente veggies. Desserts were an amazingly creamy and rich chocolate pot. A bunt cake with pumpkin and caramel that was tasteless, atop what seemed to be plain pumpkin puree. Overall it seemed as if every main dish had a portion that fell short, either an element that lacked flavor or one that was bitter or harsh. Technical difficulties included drinks that were ordered when we first sat but came after a reminder part way through our appetizers and a lovely long hair in the beets. The server was helpful and made appropriate amends.
Last night was the 2nd time I visited the Revelry, and couldn't have been any more happy. I'll start with my first visit. Lunch: My partner and I were unaware that they close for lunch at 230, being as we are more late eaters we eat lunch around 2ish so we arrived at about 215. Upon walkin in my girlfriend noticed the sign saying their lunch time ending at 230.. We were greeted right away by the gentleman that assured us that we were more than welcome to come and have lunch. I work in a restaurant and I know that everyone hates when someone comes in 10 minutes before closing. I explained to him that we did not want to be those people and we could come back a different time, he promised still we were more than welcome and asked us if it was or first time which we told him yes. "Well let's go upstairs, where you will have a great view" He sat us at a table for 2 over looked the outside and downstairs. Just such a gentleman. Our server was also super nice made suggestions for lunch and drinks. We each had a drink and a few appetizers. I recommend The Mule for a drink, it's a ginger beer cocktail with like and basil and absolutely delicious. The collard green with bacon was so yummy. My girlfriend said she could eat pounds of it. Crab soup was delicious and the chorizo gravy over the biscuits was in my opinion the best! My 2nd visit last night was meeting friends for drinks. Sara was our bartender and knows her way around the bottle for sure. Her knowledge of the drinks and could make you something with out a doubt. She was personable friendly funny and a great bartender. I will be returning and hopefully becoming a regular!
Surprisingly awesome. I wasn't sure what to expect from Revelry. We had a very long lunch here and it was across the board very top-notch. Great bartender who knew his craft and his  cocktails. Waitstaff was very helpful and friendly. All of the dishes had that lovely balance of being visually attractive and then quite delicious. It's a little bit of NYC in Rochester.
I enjoy my first-time experiences at restaurants so I was looking forward to dine at The Revelry for Sunday brunch.  I was enticed by the artsy decor, upscale ambience, snazzy bar, and the unique layout (including a chef's table) which made me feel like I was on a mini vacay in a new city.  The staff was polite and friendly; a gentleman was even greeting each table throughout the restaurant. I like to have options but the brunch menu is limited.  We ordered chicken and waffles and the shrimp and grits.  The best thing was the chicken because it was crispy and flavorful.  Everything else was just okay and not worth it for me to describe. Even though brunch did not revel my palate, I tend to give second chances so I would go back to experience their dinner.
Called last minute for an early dinner and the staff was extremely polite and inviting. We happened to catch the end of the one year celebration so the energy was great. Food was exceptionally fresh and the portions were perfect. I love oysters and these were some of the best I've had. Our server, Rochelle, was quick with a smile and great at making suggestions and giving us the history and explaining the inspiration behind the menu and decor (which was very cool). We definitely want to be one of the "regulars".
Took my sweetheart out for her birthday last night. No issues with the reservation, plus the window-side table as I preferred for us to enjoy the nice view to University Ave street area. The quality meals are very amazing and delicious (we had Hen and Salmon dinners), plus the brussel sprout as our side dish for the dinner, along with the warm homemade biscuits. Waiters/waitresses are very friendly and are very courteous to our needs. We would go there again in the future.
Massive and generally crowded, it's easiest to look at this place like this: Atmosphere: Nicely renovated with a glass floor that you can see through (once a woman standing next to me at the host stand said next time she'd come in without underwear!) as you walk in. A bar that's usually packed and a large upstairs dining room. It's constantly busy and can be rather loud, if that sort of thing bothers you. Oh, if you sit anywhere near the window? Watch out for the candles on the ledge - I once saw a woman set her hair on fire. (Though the next time I came those candles were no longer there.) Drinks: The bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly if you sit there for awhile. They definitely come up with some interesting variations on cocktails, though some of them are a bit out there, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  (If you go for Tecate, tequila and hot sauce? You are braver than me.) Food: "Southern" inspired cooking...but with things such as poutine. They very the menu seasonally and include theme nights such as their "Chicken and Fixins" Wednesday. From what I've noticed, the appetizers seem to be solid, including their chicken wings, pork belly, and biscuts. The more "interesting" salads (including the beet) look good in addition to tasting good. That said, I've noticed the execution can sometimes be a bit off in the entrees. On one occasion I got the burger and the bottom bun was soaked through with grease, despite the fact that the burger was mid well. That same night my friend ordered the venison, which was much fattier than expected, though that might have been because it was a bit too late in the season for that dish. On the other hand, the desserts have always been outstanding here - particularly the house made ice cream. Service: Always polite but leisurely. Fine with me but if you're one of those people that complains about that type of thing, keep that in mind. Expect to be here a couple hours at least. Overall I give it 4 stars, though if 3.5  stars was an option...I might go that way.
I have never eaten there but this is the best bar in Rochester.
Massive and generally crowded, it's easiest to look at this place like this: Atmosphere: Nicely renovated with a glass floor that you can see through (once a woman standing next to me at the host stand said next time she'd come in without underwear!) as you walk in. A bar that's usually packed and a large upstairs dining room. It's constantly busy and can be rather loud, if that sort of thing bothers you. Oh, if you sit anywhere near the window? Watch out for the candles on the ledge - I once saw a woman set her hair on fire. (Though the next time I came those candles were no longer there.) Drinks: The bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly if you sit there for awhile. They definitely come up with some interesting variations on cocktails, though some of them are a bit out there, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  (If you go for Tecate, tequila and hot sauce? You are braver than me.) Food: "Southern" inspired cooking...but with things such as poutine. They very the menu seasonally and include theme nights such as their "Chicken and Fixins" Wednesday. From what I've noticed, the appetizers seem to be solid, including their chicken wings, pork belly, and biscuts. The more "interesting" salads (including the beet) look good in addition to tasting good. That said, I've noticed the execution can sometimes be a bit off in the entrees. On one occasion I got the burger and the bottom bun was soaked through with grease, despite the fact that the burger was mid well. That same night my friend ordered the venison, which was much fattier than expected, though that might have been because it was a bit too late in the season for that dish. On the other hand, the desserts have always been outstanding here - particularly the house made ice cream. Service: Always polite but leisurely. Fine with me but if you're one of those people that complains about that type of thing, keep that in mind. Expect to be here a couple hours at least. Overall I give it 4 stars, though if 3.5  stars was an option...I might go that way.
I have never eaten there but this is the best bar in Rochester.
I'd been dying to try this place but am sad I chose Sunday brunch to do so. Hostess greeted us right away and I love the glass floor above the wine cellar. The decor and set up is very modern. We were seated upstairs by the front window. We began browsing the menu, which was very limited. My husband tried ordering the biscuits as an app but the waitress said they wouldn't have them for another hour - it was only a half hour into brunch, why did this happen? All of their beverages were $10 a glass so I stuck with water. We ordered the cracks and cheese spread which was very good. For entrees, my husband ordered the Poutin and I ordered chicken&waffles. Chicken was fried and crispy, hard to eat though. I would have loved boneless - the skin was full of flavor and the waffle, well how can you screw up a waffle? My husband enjoyed his dish as did I, there was a raspberry smear on the side of the bowl which added a nice sweet flavor with the fries and gravy. Overall, over $50 for the meal which I thought was way overpriced for what it was. I'd like to try dinner here, although I think they need to reduce their ridiculous cocktail prices.
I have heard that Revelry is amazing for dinner, but this review is about my experience at the bar, which was one part awesome cocktails and one part crowded house. I was excited to see a new venue move into the neighborhood, and we were anxious to try out some of the cocktails we had heard others rave about. First off, the bartenders are totally on top of their game. They are not afraid to explain the subtle differences in flavorings and liquors and make suggestions based on your preferences. The gin drinks I ordered were mixed to perfection and worth every penny. So I feel dumb telling you that the bar was crowded on a Saturday night in winter, and believe me, I don't think there's a night when this place is not crowded, and that's probably for good reason. The only available seats were located all the way around the other side of the bar, so if we had to leave to use restrooms, we had to weave our way through the entire crowd. I bet the atmosphere is a lot different in the summertime when the patio is open. The one thing I noticed about my visit was the blah interior decor and how bored everyone looked. The reason you go out is to enjoy the environment and ambiance of a place that is not your own four walls. Looking around the bar, everyone either looked bored or detached, few looked like they actually wanted to be there and soak up what made Revelry special. The crowd ranged from young twenty-somethings to hip fifty-somethings with a core sample from nearly ever social strata Rochester has to offer... Like I've heard others say, Revelry is great for when Good Luck is too crowded. I'd say skip the bar in wintertime and give dinner upstairs a go. I hope I get the chance to make another visit and get a better impression.
This place is great.  Definitely on par with some of my favorite restaurants in Rochester (i.e., Good Luck, Lento, Rocco,...) First, the drinks.  An amazing (chef) bartender brings as much creativity to his conversations as to his drinks.  This is a fun, trendy bar for those over 27, IMHO. Second, on to dinner.  A very attentive waitstaff, who actually mention the price of the evening's specials after their description.  (I like this a lot, while the price of an entrée is not my sole guidance, who isn't a little price conscious).   Speaking of prices (specifically in the other reviews), I do not find The Revelry's prices to be unreasonable.  In fact, I think their pricing is more than fair.  None of the dinner entrée items even reach $30.  Several of my dining companions had delicious fish plates for just over $20.  Ah, perhaps it's the quantity of food that is disappointing at these price points (Lento is more expensive, but I find their portions huge).  For the quality, I think the price points are just right. Again, as to the quality of the food, everyone I have dined with has been overwhelmed with satisfaction upon their first bite.  The food is excellent, and thus far, has been prepared to perfection.
We arrived in Rochester on Christmas Eve and the fine staff of our hotel had plenty of Chinese takeout menus at the ready for those checking in.  We looked on OpenTable and found The Revelry was one of only three restaurants in Downtown Rochester open after 7pm.  Bonus points for just being available.   We made reservations for 8:30 and arrived early to enjoy a drink in the bar.  However, we were seated early by a very eager hostess, who was probably looking forward to getting home, but we appreciated the service.  We started with an order of poutine and biscuits.  The poutine was interesting - using a country gravy in lieu of the traditional brown gravy, and wonderful fresh cheese curd - which I loved, but the ladyfriend wasn't wild about.  Was it as good as Duckfat?  No, but still good.  The biscuits were just adequate, nothing really distinctive or different.  They could have used a Bobby Flay inspired hot pepper jelly or some kind of a fresh seafood spread.  The vegetable spread they did come with tasted like Tribe hummus.  Skip the biscuits altogether. I had oysters, which were fresh and tasty.  Despite the manager hailing from Boston, the two varieties they featured were from British Columbia and New Brunswick.  They were expensive, but Rochester isn't on the shore and that is to be expected.   For dinner, the ladyfriend had quail.  It looked good, although there wasn't any color contrast on the plate; the collard greens looked brown giving the whole thing a taupe appearance.  My burger was well cooked and the addition of the poached egg was great.  The fries were crispy but a little too salty.  I had two delicious microbrews and she had two glasses of wine.  The total was a little north of $110 without tip.  I didn't think it was a bargain, but it wasn't a ripoff either. The service was great - if anything, it was actually a little overattentive - despite being surprisingly busy.  Overall, it was a solid meal and experience.  The venue, a former machine shop that produced saw blades, was nicely decorated and seemed very chic.
Drinks only, no food was consumed for consideration in this review. So often bartenders can fall into the same category as record store clerks- drunk on their own self importance.  Not so at Revelry, these guys rock.  Extremely personable, well versed in the ways of mixology.  Zach whipped up the "Champs Elysees" for us, a Chartreuse-based cocktail not on the menu.  Outstanding.  Keep up the great work, boys. Curious to try the food now....
I had high expectations for The Revelry and they were definitely met during my first visit. First off, the space is beautiful. You walk in and immediately have a view of their wine cellar through a portion of the floor that is all glass. I thought it was such a cool idea. On to the food and drinks....I started off with The Vega as my cocktail. It was a mixture of vodka, St. Germain liqueur, fresh berry puree, lemon, and mint. I am no mixology expert, but I thought it was missing something. Perhaps a little more vodka would have done it. Nonetheless, I still enjoyed it. Next, I had the harvest salad, which was plated beautifully. I can honestly say this may have been one of the the best salads I have ever had. The maple balsamic really stood out to me. For my entree, I had the halibut. I basically live off of fish and usually get it every time I dine out. Because of this, I can be critical of how my fish is prepared. The Revelry cooked the halibut perfectly, so I was a happy camper. One pet peeve I have about the place (along with many other places in Rochester) is the prices. Come on now, this is not Manhattan!!! Luckily for them, I'm willing to pay the price for a great dining experience in Rochester.
The food at The Revelry was oh-so-good.  The bill, on the other hand, was oh-my-god. We wrapped up our week-long anniversary celebration (say what you will!) at The Revelry, so it was the cherry-on-the-top of several Very Nice Dinners. Here's how it went... Drinks:  I got a cocktail with Berry Puree; Mike got a bacon Old Fashioned.  Both were delicious and we'd get again, though for $10 I would describe mine as weak -- I am a lightweight and didn't feel a hint of dizzy; not  a bad thing for me!  (Mike also mentioned the drink wasn't bacon enough for him, but he'll order it 100 times over just to eat the bourbon-soaked bacon at the end.) Apps and starters:  At the server's suggestion, we got the cheese tray, which was superb.  I thought the carrot soup was slightly lacking in flavor, but everyone else seems to think I'm crazy.  The salad we got (the plain one with black pepper ranch dressing) was good and quite big for a starter salad; I'd say go for it if you're looking for a house salad, but skip if you want something with extra oomph. Meals:  The duck was delicious, and the sides were well-paired.  It did lack a special something (every once in a while I'd get a bite that was just DIVINE which actually made the rest a little pale in comparison), but I'll give their duck another go when they change up the menu.  Mike's steak with fingerling potatoes was a transcendent experience, and I was quite jealous.  The flavors were incredibly strong, so I couldn't continuously steal bites from him as it ruined the balance of my meal.  I would recommend either dish, but get the steak if you're between the two. Two complaints about our visit:  first, we were seated by a (closed) window, and swarmed the entire night by small flies (may have been the big brothers of fruitflies).  There were at least a dozen on the window -- both inside and out -- and two or three always above our plates.  In fairness, I didn't say anything because I didn't want to move to a less-private table, but it was a mildly unpleasant experience.   Second -- the bill.  After several meals that week of similar quality at other restaurants, we were a bit shocked at the total.  Ouch!
My friends and I tried the Revelry because we love Good Luck, and we had heard that there was a similar vibe to it. The bar area is a decent size and well laid out with a row of seating against a window, very trendy looking. I've heard from family they had a great experience at the bar and that the bartenders are great, but we went to sit down for dinner. In the foyer area you can see through their glass floor and into a wine basement, pretty cool! It was a tuesday, so we were some of the only people in the upstairs dining room. Looking at our menus, the appetizers seemed reasonable, the entrees were fairly reasonable as well, though some were a bit more expensive for what you got than others. We sat down at 6:30, ordered at 7, and didn't receive our food until about 8:30. Personally, I think that's a little ridiculous for a Tuesday. But the food goes as follows: My friend and I split the poutine appetizer which was a good size and REALLY delicious. The burger was pretty small for $16 and it was really nothing special. It comes with fries (unfortunately, mine seemed like the were scraped up from the 9th level of deep fryer hell) and a "house sauce" which is dead nuts on for the ketchup/mayo/brandy mixture you get with the Good Luck burger. My friends that ordered the wings were sorely disappointed - neither ended up finishing all the wings. Some of us got dessert, the warm scone was good, the bread pudding was also good, and one friend got the mousse. The scone and bread pudding were of respectable size for a trendy restaurant, but the mousse portion was absurdly small. Maybe skip that one and the $8 price tag next time. When we got the bill, it was pretty much what we expected. We hadn't asked about how much our draft beers were, so that was a bit of a shock ($8 for an 8 oz cider? Yikes) but that's our own fault for not asking. Our waitress was excellent as was the hostess - so at least there was that. Maybe the burger just isnt' their thing and the other menu items are better as other reviewers say? Not sure, but the whole thing kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. If I go again I will probably just stick to the bar.
A two-parter here. One, their bar scene is frankly awesome, and has quickly become my go-to spot in the Roc. Jon and Zack are the best bartenders in town: They can make complicated and delicious drinks while playing percussion on the bar, memorizing drink orders from three different parties, crack jokes, AND obviously have fun behind the stick. The music is always fun (thanks for Bad Rabbits, guys!), and there's always a crowd that's  relaxed and fun to a surprising extent. Keep the Fernet flowing! And then the brunch. Holy crap. I got the shrimp and grits, my lady got crab cake benedict with fried green tomatoes, and we split a basket of biscuits. I mopped up everything, but it was a bit much for her (though she eats like a bird normally). My only quibbles (and these are BIG quibbles) would be some brunch drinks-I would have cut off my hands for a michelada that morning (the Mexican Ash tray works as a decent substitute, though)-and the late hour when it starts; 1130 seems late for brunch. But seriously, Revelry: Keep doing what you're doing. I still think you should open a hotel in the top floors so I can sleep there after partying, then roll out of bed for delicious brunch. TL;DR. GO HERE NOW.
The last year has brought Rochester a good selection of establishments that have pushed the envelope in the food scene in different ways from authentic Neopolitan pizza to a reclaimed, renovated Culver Armory and the rise of food trucks. Now The Revelry has come on the scene with a beautiful new restaurant focusing on the trendy upscale Lowcountry Southern cuisine and it's a great fit for both the neighborhood and the building it inhabits. I never really noticed the building next to Pomodoro on University before the opening, but now that it is has been spruced up with a modern arched sign it really pops as a cross between the old and new. Entering the front door, the bar area really popped with an ornate chandelier and nattily dressed bartenders with top notch facial hair. The bar program seems very well put together and I've only heard great things about Jon Karel (from the respected Vera Pizza in Buffalo). We spent our short wait served by the knowledgeable and personable Zack (also from Vera) and drinking a custom made non alcoholic cocktail that was well balanced despite the lack of alcohol in it. A difficult task and he seemed happy for the challenge. Tons of exposed wood was visible throughout the host area and the feel was warm with white brick and black paint to accent the wood. References to the prior incarnation of the building as a sawmill were displayed on the wall which I thought was a nice touch to emphasize the elevated reclaimed feel. The dining area erred more toward the black and white side but remained comfortable and the service only helped to elevate that feeling. Our waitress and all the servers we interacted with were professional, enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the establishment without being stuffy or overbearing. Very well done! We sat in the small room off the back side of the dining area and got right to our appetizer of fried green tomatoes and crab salad. We did have some bread delivered to us but it was a bit on the cold and unmemorable side and seemed like an afterthought. Green tomatoes were coated with panko breadcrumbs and fried crispy on the outside while remaining tender and not overcooked on the inside. Portions are reasonable, but by no means large. The combination of the lightly dressed crab, tomatoes and the sweet sauce that reminded of duck sauce was enjoyable. Our second course was the andouille, shrimp and oyster gumbo and the kitchen, while maintaining presentation, placed our half portions in separate bowls since we were splitting each of the courses. The gumbo was well seasoned without being salty and offered a rich, dark flavor from the roux. Our bowls didn't have any oysters in them (our server checked and since the soup was pulled from a large pot the ratios of meats weren't exact) but the shrimp were perfectly tender and the andouille was smoky and just slightly spicy. A solid gumbo and something I'd want to eat again although it appears that it is no longer on the menu. Dry aged duck was our main course served over cheddar cheese grits along with pickled cranberries, pea shoots and a quince duck jus. The duck breast had well rendered, crispy skin, was perfectly tender and the dry aging made sure you knew you were eating duck. When eaten together, the richness of the smooth grits and duck was complemented by the sharp acidity from the cranberries and the sweetness from the sauce and the pea shoots to make a well balanced and delicious bite. Definitely my favorite course of the night and one that made me want to order duck more often. Dessert was simple and modern; ice cream served with ganache. The classic part was the chocolate ganache with a crunchy crust underneath with ice cream on the side. The ice cream was a nice new school roasted banana and the modern kicker was what they called a peanut butter powder. It tasted more like powdered peanut oil from roasted peanuts than peanut butter but combined with the ice cream and ganache the flavors really worked. In total, it was bit too rich for my tastes but my fiancee was a big fan of the rich, dark chocolate ganache and was left wanting more. Despite the fact that we were there on opening night, The Revelry showed a level of sophistication both in flavors and in experience that I am looking forward to seeing grow over the years. Consider me a fan and I would highly recommend visiting for a classy night out in the University Ave area. Notes: outdoor seating is now available in the front of the restaurant and there is a chef's table in the wine cellar on the lowest level of the restaurant that we were not aware of when we visited
I very much enjoyed my time at the Revelry and will be going back.  Ok, first off you walk in and have a see through floor with the wines below you, super cool.  We were seated promptly.  The atmosphere is so adorable, similar to Good Luck but a little more upscale.  The cocktail list is pretty interesting, they definitely do cocktails well.  The servers speak to what they know as well, suggesting and describing them perfectly.   We started with the poutine. It was slightly salty from the duck gravy but pretty scrumptious.  The blackberry sauce on the rim of the bowl was a perfect touch to the fries and fatty gravy.  Then I got the day boat scallops and my fiancé got the halibut.  The scallops were so big and seared to perfection and the middle was melt in your mouth soft and luscious.  The farro and swiss chard were the perfect accompaniment, slightly earthy and nice texture juxtaposing the scallops.   The halibut was also a great big peace with perfectly cooked asparagus and potatoes, I don't like mushrooms  and I was in love with my dish so I don't remember much of the other. ... Oh yeah I also had the toasted marshmallow ice cream.  Not much toasted marshmallow taste but all the same good ice cream The only sort of bad thing I can say is like four people came and checked on us which was slightly annoying but no real complaints!  One of my top Rochester restaurants so far!
A great vintage Southern restaurant that tows the line between "New American" and gastropub. It's all the rage now to have menus printed in old fashioned block font and to offer cocktails and food that pay homage to "classic" renditions of old comfort favorites. The Revelry fits right in with this nationwide revolution, and I have to say its execution impressed me quite a bit. This place is modern vintage without the frills. The entryway with the glass floor and wine cellar on display is dramatic. And the bar is dramatic too -- huge ornate vintage chandelier, large windows with lots of light and room for everyone around it. Beware, it gets packed. And the people at it are who you'd expect: the self-designated trendsetters of the Greater Rochester Area. ;) The dining room is upstairs and its minimalism is in stark contrast to downstairs. Once the sun sets and the tealights start twinkling, it gains some character. We sat down and I ordered an old-fashioned. When the glass was put down in front of me and there was ONE huge ice cube in the middle, I got excited. They got the ice right! The old-fashioned was terrific, although on the sweeter side for me. I prefer mine more bitter...but I'm sure had I been downstairs, this could've been tweaked. The ingredients were quality and blended well. $10 though. These cocktail bars in Rochester keep upping the ante on these drinks! The cornbread appetizer looked fabulous in its skillet and had an interesting flavor, but I did feel it lacked both moisture and sweetness. The jalapenos added an awesome kick, but something about the dish needed to be elevated. The pork belly sliders (2 in one order) were far more delicious than they appeared at first glance. The pork was ridiculously tender (not an easy feat for pork belly) and the buns were toasted on the inside, allowing you that perfect toasted crunch just before you reach the slush of pork belly. The duck entree was cooked slightly more than medium rare, but still retained juiciness and great flavor. The accompanying cheese grits and cranberry created opposing textures and flavors around the duck that were interesting. The bourbon pecan pie was clearly house-made -- delicious! In all, it was a great meal and the service was outstanding, but the value was lacking. I'm willing to pay for great food, but considering how casual the place is, the size of the portions and the cost of living in the area, I thought it was expensive. The other major negative, as others have pointed out: so loud! Otherwise, a great new spot.
Service was fabulous. Food was delicious, from duck tacos to beet salad and scallops, everything had lovely balance of bold and delicate.  Great wine list.  Perhaps the best part was the sixties soundtrack in the background.  The place was packed, so our reservations were for the bar area. It was a little loud, but the service and food were every bit as fine as if we had been upstairs.  Looking forward to next time!
The atmosphere is very cool and you can tell they spent a lot of time and money making a chic environment. However, the food was horrible. I had the mahi mahi and my partner had the quail. The mahi mahi tasted odd and the quail was under cooked. The portions were small and came with no sides. Overall I was extremely disappointed and didn't feel the meal was a good value at $100. I was warned by a friend who had a similar experience to just go there for drinks and I should have listened. In future, I'll return for drinks only because the design is unique.
The unapologetically slow service was hard to swallow.  It took 2.5 hours from sit-down to getting the credit card receipt for signature.  There were only five of us.  I get that it's a new restaurant, and they're likely still working out some kinks.  But an acknowledgement and an apology would have been nice. To me, the idea of southern food conjures images of comforting, generous dishes.  Nothing like that here - just minuscule portions of '90s-styled mediocre food. Grizzly fried chicken wings; pink beet deviled eggs that were certainly pretty to look at, but didn't knock my socks off; an uneventful salad; and $10 cocktails?  That's ballsy. Although impressive and beautiful, I was almost deafened by the insanely loud house music when I went inside to use the ladies room.  I thought I was entering da cluuub.   Overall, I find this place to be over-priced and over-hyped.  Our bill was astronomical and we all left hungry.  We stopped at McDonald's afterwards.
I came here the first week it opened late on their first day of brunch service. It was not a smooth dining experience. There were a few issues with both the food and the wait time. However, the service surrounding the issues was good. They were not defensive about the problems--they were apologetic and tried to solve the problems, and gave us some champagne as well. Then in the end when they ran my credit card, they had reduced the bill significantly and asked us to give them another chance. And because of their service, I decided I would do just that. I went in for brunch again yesterday and The Revelry was redeemed! The service was great. But more importantly, the food was amazing. I had the chicken and waffles and it was like heaven in my mouth. The fried chicken was 3 drumsticks. Most of the time when I order fried chicken at a sit-down restaurant it ends up being a boneless chicken breast. I was so pleased to see the drumsticks arrive--and then when I ate them I was even more impressed. The breading had a great deal of flavor from different spices and just a hint of sweet maple syrup glazing the outside. The meat was incredibly moist and tender. The waffle was soft and flavorful, with just the right amount of syrup. My friend ordered a burger cooked rare. And it was actually cooked rare! I had a bite and it was fabulous. We also had a side order of bacon and of donuts. (Which go very well together) The bacon was fatty and crispy and flavorful. The donuts were covered in cinnamon sugar and fatty and fluffy at the same time. My friend had a Ginger Fizz cocktail which was attractive and tasty. The service was really over-the-top friendly. We couldn't decide if it is always like that or if they just remembered us from last time when we had a not-so-good experience. But I think it's just Southern hospitality. One thing I wish they would work on is the acoustics in the upstairs dining rooms. It's very hard to hear one's dining companions or even the server when there are others in the room having boisterous conversation.
Here's a quick review which I plan to update later once I return for a second visit (and food). I met an acquaintance for cocktails around 9pm on Friday. We had planned to occupy the bar but it was overly crowded. Good thing he arrived early to snag us a two-person table in the corner. We looked over the drink menu and were in the mood for whiskey so we settled on the Manhattan Project. It is brought out in a flask to split between two people and only $15 (all others are $10). They told us it has been aging for two weeks and that we could keep the flask. The drink was well-mixed and strong. However, I can't say as much about my second drink, the Fitzgerald. This one was too lemon-forward, tasting more like a lemon drop than a craft cocktail. Overall they had a good selection with several craft ingredients, but I'm unsure of their mixology skills. I would like to return at a time when the bar might be quieter to observe the cocktail mixing process and speak with the bartenders. Other thoughts: the parking lots were nearly full at 9pm. Not sure where overflow options are. Also, the music and lighting interfered with my experience. Lights went from bright to dim several times, making it hard to see my companion at times. Maybe this was from the rain storm? Lastly, the music got louder as we approached midnight. Not great for conversation.
The Revelry is a very popular night spot. They have beautifully crafted drinks, and rather expensive food. We went there with some friends Wednesday night to try something new and celebrate a friend's birthday. The place was packed and we didn't make reservations because my friend thought they may have less people on a Wednesday night (mistake) and we weren't sure how many people would show up. The place is beautifully designed, and was very crowded and loud. We ordered our first round of drinks and had a great time, until it was time for our second round of drinks. IDK why, but we were ignored by the bartender all night, it took him about 1 hour to get back to us. By then I was too pissed off to really enjoy the drink, and frankly turned off by the whole experience. We had made plans on ordering some appetizers and staying there for the night, but because we couldn't get much attention there, we ended up going somewhere else. The thing is, nowadays Rochester has a few spaces with great drinks, and food, and ambiance. And I know that because the place is new, everyone wants to go there. But the time they took at the bar was too long, they need to figure out the whole serving process. I may go again to try the food, but it won't be for a while
Fantastic bar. I definitely enjoy anything they do with whiskey :-) The bartenders are excellent also, they gave my friend a free shot because they made him wait "too long". He was only waiting 4 minutes! This is what customer service is supposed to look like!
The Revelry is a fabulous new addition to the Rochester restaurantscape. at a great location. Josh Miles has done a great job of transforming an almost two hundred year old industrial structure into a fun and inviting restaurant with a great bar, and an energetic atmosphere. The bar has an exciting drink menu, but when our party of 8 went through about 23 Vega's last night, it was clearly an endorsement for the drink. The food and the hospitality have a southern flair, and we haven't had a disappointing item yet. Owners Josh and Jenna are warm hosts focused on delivering an exceptional dining and drink experience. This isn't a place to be missed!
I'm liking the vibe and thinking that Revelry will need to work out a few more kinks before I can give it 4 or 5 stars. Five stars on the layout, look and decor. Not so much on the service and food. So, what did I try...Pimento Cheese Spread, Frites, Chicken Wings, Oysters, Beet Salad, and Bourbon Pecan Pie. The service was lack luster and took forever to get my friend's cocktail refreshed, however very polite waiter who was trying his best. Unless I'm mistaken, but I like my oysters chilled....really chilled and on ice. The oysters were WARM! It was gooey and warm, totally unedible. They did get fancy and serve each half shell on an egg white cloud, but in this case, just ditch the plating and serve it on ice.  The mignonette was good, but the option for a traditional mignonette should have also been served.   Again, plating was impressive, but don't skimp on the core -the flavor. The beet salad was okay. Just red and yellow beets chunked on a plate on top of a creme fraiche. Very light, but the yellow beets could have used a touch more seasoning. Appetizers were good, except the frites, although flavorful with the rosemary, they were a bit droopy and didn't have enough crisp. The cheese spread was yummy as well as the chicken drummettes. My friends had the halibut and burger - both plates were eaten clean. Dessert. Bourbon pecan tart. Good and bourbon-ey. One pecan...sad. It was served with a brown butter ice cream that is made at the restaurant and that s delicious. Plating was beautiful. Will I go again. Yes. When...,probably in another month. As with every new restaurant, they need a little time to iron out the wrinkles. I'm crossing my fingers so that they will because I think this place could be a great foodie addition to the city! Also it is very well appointed on the inside. Check it out for yourself!
My husband and I decided to stop here for drinks and appetizers before heading to another restaurant for dinner (Zeppa, a favorite) because we've heard so many great things about The Revelry. It definitely exceeded our expectations! We arrived early on Saturday around 5 so we had time to enjoy drinks & apps before our 6:30 dinner reservations. We dined outside (lovely outdoor patio) and after being seated were immediately greeted by the manager.  He gave us the (short) history of the place and suggested a few favorite cocktails to try. He was very friendly and we enjoyed hearing about his culinary background as well as the background of the owner that he shared with us. Not many places have the manager walking around chatting with customers, and we really appreciated this. Our waiter was excellent as well -- when I asked about what chartreuse was (I got the Silent Hero drink which was so refreshing!) he gave me a fun history/story behind it. My husband ordered one of the 6 featured beers on tap -- he's not a huge cocktail drinker but was pleased with the above average beer selection. The waiter let him try a little bit before he ordered, so that was great (nothing worse than spending money on a beer you really don't like!).   The drinks I ordered were the Silent Hero and the Violet Margarita. Both were excellent. I'm pretty sure that was the best (and prettiest!) margarita I have ever had. Pricey at $10 per drink, but we knew that going in, so we expected it. We ordered two appetizers -- the duck tacos and the fried green tomatoes. The duck tacos were incredible. Seriously, I ate very slowly because I didn't want it to end. There were only two on the plate which is a perfectly sized small portion as far as appetizers go.  But they were so good I wish there were more! The flavor combination was outstanding -- fresh & great texture. The fried green tomatoes were great -- but to be honest, I have never had fried green tomatoes before so I have nothing to compare them to! I enjoyed them, my husband enjoyed them, so we counted them as a win. With the two appetizers, two drinks, and a generous tip, the bill was $70.  We probably won't be able to afford coming here more than a few times a year, but we definitely intend to return when we have something else to celebrate (this was a celebratory night out for the two of us). Great service, knowledgeable staff, excellent food and drink. Rochester was definitely in need of an upscale experience such as this!
Omg. This place satisfies on all levels: great decor, fantastic staff, great wine list ((ooh, and you can rent a wine locker)), outrageous food which is well thought out and brilliantly executed, even the bathroom was exceptional. We started with the beet deciles eggs which are exquisite and little works of art. The shaved baby beet slices on the plate look like rose petals. Delish. And we got the fried green tomatoes.  Perfect balance of crispness, tart and sweet in the dip, and crab that makes it over the top in unexpected flavor. Hub got duck which was perfect. I got quail which was gamey (not a fault, just a characteristic) and we both loved our entrees. Got the cheese plate for dessert and there were excellent wine options to accompany the cheeses. My only small complaint is that it gets very loud in there with the high ceilings and hard surfaces. Certainly made us lean in and work at our conversation. Did I fail t mention the creative and delicious cocktails we started with?  Oops. Hub ha the vega, a great summer berry concoction. I had a rosé that was dry and slightly bubbly. Yum! Server was friendly, chatty, informed and courteous. Great first impression here. We're definitely going back!
The inside looks fantastic, and the atmosphere is awesome. I don't feel that the food was worth its price, but it was still pretty good. Like every one else has said, the drink menu is fantastic. There were long pages of wines and a great draft selection.
Luckily we had made a reservation for dinner and they were ready for us when we got there.  The see through floor is awesome and shocked me at first.  Our table was upstairs by the window so it got a little chilly but it was nice being able to look out the window.  Out server was helpful and quick.   When we started looking at the menu there werent many choices....but for good reason.  Everything sounded great and we had a hard time choosing what to get.   We had the Beet Deviled Eggs and Pork Belly for a beginner and they were both outstanding so we had high hopes for dinner.  We were not disappointed for the entrees.  We had the Short Rib and the Salmon.  Wow!  They were wonderfully delicious and filling.  Both had amazing flavors and I didn't want to stop eating. We didn't get dessert even though it all sounded interesting and yummy.  It was nice that the owner and other waiters kept stopping by to make sure everything was alright and to refill wine or water glasses.   Great service and environment! I will definitely be back at Revelry to try other dishes!
We pulled in and there was a lady ranting and raving in the parking lot about the wait. We still decided to go in and see how long it would be. We got there about 7:30pm on a Saturday night and were told that we wouldn't be seated until 9:30pm if we wanted to stay. Yet there were tables open outside and in the restaurant (I'm sure there was a reason).  We decided to eat at the bar and get drinks. The bar menu was limited and the drinks were interesting. I'm not a huge drinker so it was hard for me to find something fruity enough to mask the liquor taste. I ordered the Violet Martguerita (I think that's what it was called) and it was very good. The bartender was very nice too. The decor of the restaurant was very nice the ground at the hostess table is windows looking into a wine cellar and a table. Any one down there looking up would have gotten a view not desired by many. I would like to try it again with reservations, but for a first time experience it was just okay.
One if the best meals I've had in Rochester and I wish I'd been before. Went for a celebratory dinner after the first day at a new job. Had heard they had good cocktails but hadn't really looked into the food. Let me just say, the menu may be a bit on the small side, but DAMN. We decided to split the chicken and fixins special. Not only was the chicken fried to absolute perfection, but the biscuits, coleslaw, sauces and pickled vegetables were ridiculously good. And, the chef felt bad that we had to wait a bit (which we honestly didn't thing was a long wait at all, maybe 20 minutes) so they gave us a complimentary appetizer of their beet deviled eggs - not surprisingly, these were also ridiculously good. And then there was dessert. We continued the theme of splitting our food and got three scoops of house-made sorbet: watermelon basil, apricot and cucumber dill. It seriously tasted like summer in my mouth. Oh! And I forgot to mention the drinks - I unfortunately forget the names of what we ordered, but they were both whiskey-based and were really good, strong and smooth. They were also gorgeous - like everything else they brought to our table. And to top it off, the service was impeccable. To the point that I made an effort to actually speak to a manager about how attentive, sweet, funny and engaging our server was. The only thing is that, sadly the prices will keep me from being able to go as often as I'd like - however, the prices are super reasonable, just out of my everyday range. I'll definitely be back for special occasions and date nights. And I'd recommend it to anyone looking for good, homestyle food that's somehow magically simultaneously filling but not heavy. The atmosphere is also gorgeous. All around one of the best experiences I've ever had dining in the ROC.
My friend is a regular here, so we started (and ended) our nights at The Revelry this past weekend when I drove down to visit.  I'd been once before when the place first opened, and once again, my mind was blown by the cocktails. Jon and Zack, the bartenders, are incredibly nice, charming lads and damn talented at what they do.  I tried a variety of drinks during my stint in Rochester - vodka or rye based drinks mostly, and each were incredibly tasty.  They really take pride in each drink they make  Josh, the owner, is a great host and is always making the rounds to ensure everyone feels welcome. I didn't get a chance to try the food, but want to when I am in town next, as I've heard good things. I suppose it is best that I don't live in Rochester as I could see myself spending far too time here, and my wallet would grow to hate me!  Definite must-stop for future visits to the area!
Wowyyy! The first time I went to Revelry, it was for a Yelp event and I was so impressed by the food, I couldn't wait to get back.  The prices are the only thing that kept me for going back right away.   Fast forward to NYE.  Me and 14 other friends decided to head to Revelry for our NYE dinner together.  The menu was a steal of a price for $59, if you wanted the wine pairing, which i opted for was an additional $30.  There were 4 courses, and two choice for each course with two wine choices.   I want to start by saying how accommodating the staff was! We had 15 people on New Years eve at a 8pm reservation.  I probably called about 3 or 4 times to change our reservation and to inquire about the menu, one time the owner gave me his cell number to call him because the restaurant was closed.  Talk about customer service! That in itself is the reason why I will keep going back...and the food is pretty on point! The menu for NYE was great.  The options were perfect  to make everyone happy.  I even had one friend who can't eat seafood and they substituted her sea food course for something else....no questions asked! I order the Celery Root Soup-AMAZING!!!!! I could eat that soup every night.  It was just perfect.  I didn't know what to expect but it was so smooth and flavor and the perfect temperature.  I want more right now.  Then i had the Muscles and Gnocchi course-delish! I love muscles....and Gnocchi, so it was a perfect pair for me.  Then I had the beef tenderloin.  Let me tell you, this tenderloin was perfectly cooked! I was literally swirling around the last piece of meat to make sure I picked up all the reduction sauce and the mashed potatoes...it was perfect.  One of our friends said sent the course back because it wasn't cooked enough (it was pretty rare) and they didn't hesitate to take it back and also made an adjustment to the bill! Then, we were there for a pretty long time that we were nervous we were going to miss the ball drop.  We asked if we could take our dessert course home.  I didn't realize that the egg nogg creme brulee came in a mason jars, but they gave us all 15 desserts, mason jars and all to go!!! This was probably the best new years eve dinners I had..the food was great and the staff was amazing-it made for a great night with great friends.   My boyfriend and I can't wait to go back test out some other tasty treats on the menu.  I have been eyeing their brunch menu for their chicken and waffles!!
Revelry seemed like it would be the breath of fresh eating air that i needed.  A break from my abusive affair with Good Luck. Well, unfortunately I'll be that abuseé that goes back time after time.   While the service was great (very attentive) the burger I received...well, most expensive Big Mac I've ever eaten.  Literally, the "Secession Sauce" could have been called "Special Sauce".  And while of read of other diners in various other "upscale" restaurants being served cold and soggy fries, admittedly, I've never experienced that until now. That being said - will try again, just not the cow patty.  Always willing to give a second date a try.
We came with much anticipation and The Revelry did not disappoint!  As we entered I thought to myself, this place is new?  It blends so well into the building and everyone is so professional one would think they have been doing their thing for years.  Impressive. Even the logo lettering on the front door seems worn. As I entered I was transported to a city far from Rochester, NY.  Wow, this place is beautiful. We sat at the almost full bar around 6pm.  The bartender immediately acknowledged us made suggestions and was welcoming and warm which is rare in Rochester.  He moved to Rochester from Buffalo to work at this place. We only had cocktails and appetizers.  The smoked duck rillettes were delicious and beautifully presented with pickled vegetables and whole grain mustard and charred bread, yum.  The cornmeal crusted okra (bar menu) were tasty too. We were on a mission and had to get to the next place but I know two things for sure:  Rochester is FINALLY upping the ante with the cocktail scene and we will be back and soon!   Bravo.
This place is slowly becoming one of my new favs! Call me cynical, but the first few times I went to The Revelry for dinner, I kept waiting for the moment of disappointment when I would realize this new place was "over-hyped"... but alas, no such thing has happened yet and by now I must've gone here half a dozen times for dinner and brunch. This place is consistently amazing from the service, to ambiance and food. The Food: Oh my sweet Jesus. Almost everything I have eaten here has been unbelievably amazing. The farm-to-table menu changes regularly depending on what's fresh and in season. They use sustainable, organic, and locally grown food. Although described as "Southern" cuisine on their website, I feel it's more of a "fine-dining take on southern cuisine". The menu is sophisticated. The servings are on the small side and always artfully plated. There is a southern "influence" in many of their dishes, but don't expect heavy food. You might see grits and fried chicken on the menu, but they will be the most sophisticated grits you've ever had and the fried chicken is battered in the most light, airy and up most heavenly crispiness. Not doughy, heavy or greasy by any means. Same goes for their fried oysters. Pure. Heaven. The beet-deviled eggs are a fantastic (and pretty!) appetizer. And the pork-belly sliders are fab. The one dish I didn't care for was the foie gras special. I usually like foie gras, but not so much here. It was a foie mousse, but it wasn't very flavorful and it had the texture of a cold stick of butter - like impossible to get my knife through it and hard to spread. Okay, that was my only complaint. Everything else here is delish, just skip the foie gras.  And so I saved the best for last... here comes the best part... Are you ready??? THIS is one of the VERY FEW restaurants in Rochester (actually it might even be the ONLY one -correct me if I'm wrong) that actually uses the sous-vide method of cooking in some of their menu items. So when you go, ask them which menu items are sous-vide (or "sous-vided"? Not sure what the past-tense verb for "sous-vide" would be but you get the point). My absolute FAV is the sous-vide dry-aged duck entree. I have also had and loved their venison chop special, also sous-vided to an absolute perfect medium-rare. The menu is small, but as I said earlier, changes frequently. I can appreciate a small menu when it shows that they truly value quality over quantity. Everything they put out has been created with care and shows how much thought has been put into designing each menu item. The Drinks: Oh snap. Well I am usually a wine girl... except when I go to a venue where the cocktail list is like the Revelry's: You know, full of artisanal handcrafted goodness made with freshly muddled/juiced seasonal fruits and herbs and plenty of exotic spirits I couldn't pronounce if I tried... yeah that. I'm a sucker for art -and that does not exclude art in cocktail form. But if you're a hard core wine-drinker, The Revelry does have a fabulous wine list as well. And speaking of wine, when you walk through the front doors, there is a glass floor in front of the hostess stand where you can look down into their wine cellar. There are often people down there so I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you do not wear a skirt or dress to the Revelry. You've been warned. The Service: The service I have experienced at the Revelry has also been consistently good. Every time I visit, I am greeted immediately when I walk in. They hold open the door for you, pull out your chair, you know - that good old southern charm ;) The servers are very knowledgeable and friendly and the owners and/or manager always stop by our table sometime during the meal to ask if everything is to our liking. Every. Single. Time. They truly go above and beyond to offer excellent service. The Atmosphere: I love the bar area. It's big, and it's fun. The whole place has this artsy, organic feel. The bartenders have mustaches and suspenders and do all sorts of fancy bottle twirling and throwing when concocting their liquid creations. Some people say it's loud... well, it is. It's busy. It's loud because there are tons of people in there. Personally, I don't mind the noise, but for those who do, there is actually a quiet, intimate little closed off room upstairs with maybe 6-8 tables in it. It's far enough away from the bar to be much quieter than the rest of the restaurant. Simply ask to be seated there when you make your reservation. Parking is usually unproblematic. There is a decent sized lot and I haven't had a problem finding parking yet (knocking on wood as I type this). Over all, I love this place. Go there. Get the Sous-Vide Duck. Do it. Yum.
Eclectic, southern-with-a-modern-twist cuisine, delicious Sunday brunch with a more upscale atmosphere than the rest, incredible craft cocktails, and impeccable service. GM personally greets us every visit, waitstaff and bar staff always friendly and pleasant. The food is delicious.
Love Love Love.  Fantastic Brunch.  Southern inspired cuisine.  yummy. The collards are great.  Try the shrimp and grits!  The dish is spicy and original.  Will definitely be going back.
Heather was a fabulois server Very well informed about food and most helpful with any small issues Great experience
Brunch was out of this world. Service was impeccable. Fried green tomatoes were crisp but not heavy with crabmeat. I got the huevos rancheros with pulled pork--perfect portion. I also tried the shrimp and grits. It had a kick to it and was delicious. The chef at the end came out with the doughnuts and they were AMAZING. I lived in the south for years and this is truly great Southern cooking and hospitality.
My wife and I made reservations for a Thursday night dinner.  Process was quick and easy.  Seated immediately upon arrival.  Started with cocktails - "bacon bourbon old fashion" for me, and a "lavender martini" for the Mrs.  Both were delicious.  Cheese plate appetizer was next.  Nicely presented and explained by our waitress.  Tasty. We ordered the pork chop and blackened red fish for entres.  The red fish was fantastic.  I would order it again without hesitation.  Seasoned just right and cooked to perfection.  The pork chop arrived undercooked and had to be sent back.  Staff jumped on the issue, quickly rectified the problem and the chop was brought back for consumption. Dessert was a key lime tort and a red velvet Twinkie.  Both were fantastic! Overall, service was very good, atmosphere is on the loud end of the spectrum, aesthetics are contemporary, food and drink are good to excellent, price tag is very heavy.  Dinner for two costs what I would expect for a 3-4 party table.  Will be back at some point, but not running to get there.
I was impressed as soon as I walked in the door today. The staff was extremely charming and attentive, from the hostess to the bartenders/barbacks. The owner himself was greeting everyone. Our bartender was very helpful with drink and food recommendations, even remembering customer names and carrying on insightful conversations about food pairings. All of the cocktails are made with special garnishes and daily fresh squeezed juices. It is clear that the owner and staff take pride in doing things the correct way, and they train the staff to give their cocktails a little something 'extra'. The food was delicious, small portions but great quality. I ordered the beet and chèvre salad, and the Oxford cocktail. Very nice presentation. My friend ordered the fried green tomatoes and was very pleased with the ensemble. The décor was elegant, modern and the place has a fresh new smell in the air. Nice flowers, tables and soon- to- be patio seating. All in all I loved it.
Finally made it out to The Revelry last night..... We went in to do just some cocktails and appetizers. Inside is really minimal, well laid out and comfortable. We had a great server, cannot remember his name but came from 2 Vine.   Ordered up an Old Fashioned..... Starting to think there is NOT an accomplished bartender in Rochester. Have yet to get a proper Old Fashioned in this town. But, the server was willing to keep sending them back till the bartender got them right. I just took more Rye to smooth it out as it was way too sweet. My chick enjoyed her drink. All the appetizers came out with a great presentation, so that was a relief. We got Oysters (Not hard to screw up), which were fresh and good.... Not too much selection as they had an East Coast and West Coast choice. We did the deviled eggs, which were good, but not exceptional.... and then the Pork Belly (A bit over done) but still good. All in All..... Was pretty good and will go back to try the rest because the waiter gave the table the right amount of attention and the presentation was there.... Food was GOOD at best.
I've been to the Revelry several times since we first visited during their opening week and I wanted to update my review. What's excellent about the place is food, the drinks, and the friendly and knowledgeable servers (we've been served by the same waiter now three times). What's not good is the time it takes for food to come out of the kitchen (read the reviews, it's a very common complaint) and the noise.  This is not a place you go for a romantic dinner.  Almost any night of the week you'll find large tables upstairs and the combination of those large groups, poor acoustics, and a noisy bar downstairs makes the restaurant a place of controlled chaos.  I'd go back much more frequently if it wasn't for the din. We returned to the Revelry for dinner the other evening and were impressed by all but the service.  And that's why they only get 4 stars.  If you look at the other 5 star reviews, you'll note that almost all were given by individuals in large groups.  Our first experience at The Revelry was also with a large group and when you're in that type of setting, you don't tend to notice the delays in service or be more forgiving when the service is slow.  We were here for a nice evening out on Thursday and had not our waiter apologized several times for the slowness in plates coming out of the kitchen I don't think I would have noticed.  The conversation was excellent!  But at the end of the evening when I looked at the check to see how long we had been at the table I was surprised to see almost 2 hrs. So now with that complaint out of my way and with my ears no longer ringing, let me say what I liked and continue to like about The Revelry.  We opened the dinner with some of their homemade biscuits.  Very light, nice and salty.  And while I've traveled extensively in the South and believe that the Pimento cheese spread you'll find down there in certain regions of the lowlands and coast is a pox on humanity, I actually liked the version they serve with the biscuits here.  It's worth giving it a try.   My wife started with a half dozen of the oysters (presented very elegantly) from Duxbury Bay in MA.  Surprisingly sweet and not as briny as described.  More like those I favor on the west coast.  I had a wonderful she crab soup that was on special that evening with a tablespoon of the roe perched on top.  You could certainly taste the sea in this rich soup.  Frankly, I could have made a meal out of just the soup and biscuits.  And I may yet again. For salads, my wife opted for the beet salad and I had the winter salad with apples, carmelized pecans, and fresh, very tart, cranberries.  It was actually one of the better salads of its type I've had because of the combination of the tartness of the cranberries and the sweetness of the balsamic based dressing.  My wife's beet salad was beautiful to look at with a combination of pickled, fresh, and candied beets.  Her salad was appropriately sized as an appetizer.  Mine was quite large and I had to leave a bit though I'm always reluctant to do so. For dinner, my wife had the salmon.  They cooked it rare just as asked and it's a pleasure to have someone ask how to cook your fish rather than overcooking it.  I had that evening's special of stuff quail - stuffed with a foie gras seasoned rice.  Both were extremely tasty.  My wife thought mine a bit dry but I didn't notice, possibly because of the cocktail I had ordered at the bar before we sat.  A French old fashioned I believe it was.  I must complement the bartender on his mixes and his unusual bitters.  It's no wonder the bar is always crowded here. For dessert, my wife had a single scoop of one of their homemade ice creams (they offer several flavors of both ice cream and sorbets) and I had the Pain Perdu which was somewhat akin to a wonderfully thick pancake with maple syrup and homemade vanilla ice cream.  I was reluctant to share.  Accompanied by a glass (very good sized) of their LBV port, it was an excellent meal. Total bill for drinks, food, and tip, was around $188.  Now the night before, we had eaten at Biaggi's in EastView mall.  The dinner there was about $95 with tax and tips.  No oysters and appetizers as we did here but when I asked my wife, was the meal at The Revelry twice as good, or even 1  1/2 times as good as Biaggi's, her response was no.  Had the atmosphere been quieter and less raucous and the service a bit quicker, I'm sure her response would have been different.  It's  pretty price to pay for the party-like atmosphere you receive.  Maybe I'm getting cynical in my old age, but I don't think they've found their proper style here just yet.
I went here for dinner with a group of girlfriends on Revelry's 2 month anniversary of opening.  The decor is earthy with lots of natural wood and brick textures mixed with posh accents such as milk glass chandlers and giant mirrors.  We enjoyed some time sitting in the low-table area across from the bar sipping on cocktails while the rest of our group showed up.  I ordered the violet margarita (not served in a margarita glass) which I enjoyed except for the fancy GIANT ice cubes.  They were so large it was hard to drink from the glass and not get them all over your face.  Someone really didn't think that through.  The tables in the waiting area had place settings and while I thought it was perfect for just having drinks, I couldn't imagine hunching over and trying to eat there. We were shown upstairs to our table and the giant arched windows make the space bright and feel quite large.  However the acoustics were a problem.  It was so noisy I couldn't hear the waitress or anyone across the table from me speak.  People in surrounding tables were so loud I could hear them but struggled to be a part of the conversation at my own table. I was not a fan of the cast iron cornbread.  It didn't have any flavor whatsoever and the only thing I could taste was eggs.  I ordered the sweet tea brined pork chop for my entree and this was definitely a hit.  It was juicy and seasoned perfectly.  Compliments to the chef that cooked my chop.  The only problem with my meal was that the powdered bacon on top didn't taste anything like bacon.  It tasted too much like the chemical they use to make it and not anything like food.  I was quite disappointed since I'm a fan of gastronomic techniques. The meal would have been better without it.   For dessert our table split the red velvet twinkie and another plate that was something chocolate with peanut butter powder.  After my experience with the (non)bacon powder I didn't have high hopes this time around.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.  The powder hit your tongue and melted into a delicious, rich peanut butter flavor which complimented the chocolate and banana ice cream nicely.  They definitely got it right this time.  The twinkie on the other hand was very dry and while red velvet is my favorite cake flavor, I wish I had skipped this dessert. Despite the few things here and there I wasn't a fan of I will return.  This restaurant has tons of potential and they just need to work out a few kinks.
Went recently for dinner with some friends.  The staff is super friendly and various people checked in throughout the meal to see how we were doing.  Downside was that it was just so loud we had a hard time hearing each other, which is sort of the point when you go to dinner with friends. Noise level aside the food and drinks were delicious and creative although everything took a while to come out, but this could be because opened recently and are still ironing things out. All in all a good experience and I wouldn't mind going back, just maybe to sit outside so there's no need to yell.
The Revelry is one of those hard-core farm to table, foodie, dining experiences that you find a lot of in bigger cities, but in Rochester it's a great addition. We went the week between Christmas and New Year's and had a great meal. The cocktail menu is really fun, and there were a lot of younger people downstairs at the bar just drinking. The restaurant is really loud, so maybe the experience isn't for everyone, but its quieter upstairs. Our food and service was really good, the portions weren't huge, but adequately filling. We were there with my sister and brother in law, who live in Charleston, and my brother-in-law is from Charleston, as is the chef and GM who came to manage it for him. So the food definitely has that low country flair.
Being a native of syracuse I feel zero guilt when questioning the intelligence of upstate ny'ers...  This place is solid across the board, atmosphere, drinks, food, and service.  Perplexed by many of the negative reviews.  If your looking for a deal eat at Tim Hortons.
The Revelry, as you are aware, is one of the newest and oh-so-chic eateries in Rochester. The space is fantastic, the waiters are attractive, and the mustachioed bartender is phenomenal! The drinks are way above par than other drinks I have had in this area. (Yes, I drink. A lot.) As much as I could have enjoyed an evening of drinks, I was in fact there to eat. I made reservations only a week before, but had to make adjustments the day before. Fortunately, the restaurant was able to accommodate the additional seats. Unfortunately, we had to wait 30 minutes due to a party taking their time. Nothing on the restaurant's fault, right? Besides, it was a nice evening so we continued to drink. It may have been mentioned before, but they have this particularity where they constantly lower the lights by the hour. I don't know if it is a 'theme' - certainly would not help the ambiance - but I still enjoyed it. What I did not enjoy was the long wait for the food and it's lack of warmth. The Revelry Burger was tried by myself an overwhelming majority of the table; not one person said their plate was hot, hardly even warm. Nevertheless, the food was delectable. I probably would not go back for a meal, however, would definitely return for the drinks. And maybe dessert.
Gave 4 star but really more like 4.5. First off the service was excellent. Bar and wine list are top notch. Menu is different than your typical Rochester restaurant. Has a unique southern flair.  Not a big menu selection, everything we had was very good.
Only been for drinks so far. Strong IPA's on draft, a laundry list of cocktails.  Just what the doctor ordered. Oh, and a glass floor above the wine cellar. This review will become 5 stars after dining here, I just know it.  A definite must go.
It is definitely overpriced. $25 for salmon that was insipid. The best thing about my dinner was the salad but I can make salad at home for less than $10. I liked the dessert which was a chocolate mousse that they call something else. However, the people going there with me did not like it since it was extremely rich. The other problem that this restaurant has is that it is loud. At the restaurant upstairs you can hear the music from the bar downstairs. If you like having a conversation with your dinner this is not the place to go.
I'm in love with this place. First, I can walk here, that's a beautiful thing. I've been a handful of times at this point and can say with each visit, I grow to love it even more.  It's not your everyday place, unless you're Mr./Ms. Moneybags. I will add I'm getting value for the cash I'm throwing down. It's worth it for a special occasion like an anniversary, birthday... really, to celebrate anything, like payday, no cavities after your dentist visit? For one thing, the cocktails are impeccable. The first drink I ordered there was the Oxbow - strong cocktail & citrusy, not overbearing. Just lovely. I've been served by resident bartenders, Zack and Jon, who are the friendliest fellas. They were whisked away from their former Buffalo establishment, Vera Pizza. I'm glad to have them in ROC. All the bartenders are trained for hours and spend a considerable amount of time behind the bar learning from the pros and helping to prep the ever-fresh garnishes and mixers (read: fresh squeezed EVERYTHING). Cocktails are $10 so you'll leave with a pricey bill, but again, worth every penny. At my last visit, I asked for something reminiscent of a cucumber gimlet and Zack whipped up the "Audrey Hepburn" - cucumber, fresh squeezed lime, splash of club soda are among the ingredients. Just what I want in a drink. Now it's my cocktail of choice. Share a few things that you love in a drink and the bartenders will concoct you a dream bev. I've sampled the fried green tomatoes, which were atop fresh crab ($13). Delectable. A perfect snack to pair with a drink. The tomatoes were cooked well, but not mushy. Just crisp enough to hold up the flavors. Simply salted, dip a bite in the spicy tomato glaze. It covers the gamut of flavors: fresh, salty, sweet, spicy, savory. And, the crab is just a bonus. Somehow I missed that when I ordered it, I was just focused on the fried green tomato part and bam, here's some fresh crab. Why yes, I'll enjoy that too with a bite of some perfectly fried tomatoes. Superb. I almost forgot to mention... they have a great patio space in front of the restaurant. Lots of tables, some with umbrellas (for the fair-skinned, like me) and great people watching. You might even catch a glimpse of Jon riding around their Frenet Branca vintage bike on his break. So far it's been a welcome spot for a night cap, relaxing in the cool summer air before heading on home for the evening. Honestly, the win for me has been the customer service. Kind encounters with everyone, even the hostesses opening the door saying, "Welcome back." That's a gesture you rarely find elsewhere. The bartenders and owner are excited to share their story about where they started and how much care goes into building this place from the ground up. When I see this, it makes me want to come back and hang out for hours. They've reeled me in. I'm officially a regular. Can't wait to see this place grow.
A long shot from Good Luck, but they sure don't hide the fact that they're trying. A lot of similarities, but just about all came up short. First of all, not having a bottled beer that is on your menu (meaning you'd think they would carry it just about all the time) because it's "on backorder" is ridiculous. It's especially ridiculous when I can drive a half mile down the road to pick it up at Wegmans. The service was slow, but that seems fairly typical. I know that some restaurants of this ilk purposefully let you sit and socialize for a while. Which is fine. But, this was a fair bit longer than it should have been. Food was average. Not worth the money they are charging. $19 for a burger and some burnt fries was disappointing. Though it included a poorly executed knockoff of the ketchup that Good Luck gives. This one tasted like someone dumped a shot on top of some ketchup. Kinda gross. My sister-in-law got a Gin Rummy that was basically all rum. The other drinks were as expected. All-in-all, very underwhelming. I'd expect what I got from a place that's half the price. Not worth your time. If you want this "trendy" feel, good food, and good cocktails, just go to Good Luck.
Spectacular !!!  Cannot say enough about the service from every single person we encountered from the hostess to our remarkable waitress Rochelle!  Rochelle aka Rocky was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, preparations, origins of the food etc.  She even suggested wine pairings and offered a taste of wines before we committed.   First courses: the cheese plate was beautifully crafted with a variety of distinctive cheeses and lovely micro greens for garnish. The chicken fried oysters-Jump up and down delicious!  Moist, juicy and flavor filled! One of the highlights of the meal! Duck was crazy good with a sauce that I could have licked off of the plate and loved the grits! Spagetti squash side with crispy kale-yum! Although the food was excellent and has us looking forward to returning. it was the service and the clear passion for service and innovation and great southern inspired food that stood out. And, the lack of pretense was also really, really appreciated!  This place was all about Southern hospitality!!
Went there for an anniversary dinner and it was absolutely the right choice. Incredible food, great service. The venison and duck were both cooked to perfection. It is fairly expensive, though the quality absolutely matches the price.
I was impressed with The Revelry for the moment I walked in the door. We were promptly greeted and seated immediately for a late Sunday brunch. The decor of the restaurant is reminiscent of trendy eateries in the Knox-Henderson neighborhood of Dallas or those in parts of New Orleans. I was frankly surprised that a place with such a sharp appearance existed in Rochester! We were seated upstairs in an area with a very cool glass floor that looked down on to the room below. As a Southerner, I was excited to see the menu. We started with the Basket of Biscuits appetizer and were not disappointed. These miniature butter delivery vehicles were incredible. Freshly prepared and served creatively with a side of pimento cheese, they appealed to my appreciation for "white trash" delicacies with a nouveau gourmet twist. Of course, for my meal I had to have the Chicken and Waffles.  I'm somewhat of a snob when it comes to chicken and waffles.  Most restaurants swing and miss when it comes to this simple dish.  The Revelry, however, hit a homerun.  The chicken was on-the-bone (as it should be) and fried perfectly. The combination of the sweet maple syrup and the chicken's breaded crust were excellent. The waffle wasn't bad either. The Revelry is definitely a great addition to the restaurant scene in Rochester.
I'm going to preface this review by saying I haven't tried the food here, barring the Cajun spiced peanuts, which were excellent. This is a more a review of the place, the bar and the drinks. First off, the space. I have seen very few cooler spaces for a restaurant and I can see why the owner fell in love with it. Straight from the cellar downstairs, to the bar, and the dining room upstairs, this place gives off a modern yet antiquated vibe. We took a tour around the place and were very impressed. Oh, and the patio is also a nice addendum, if you wanna sit outside. Now, the drinks. This was as interesting a cocktail menu as we had seen, and we enjoyed exploring it. I got the East India, which was flavored with pineapple, giving it an interesting twist. I followed that with a glass of the Oxbow, which, as my friend pointed out,  is less manly than it sounds, but as tasty as the menu promises. This is a gin, ginger and honey based drink. My colleagues had some interesting drinks too. I don't think you can go wrong with their cocktail selection, to be honest. A neat top off to all the cocktails they serve is the choice of bitters, which are as varied and interesting as the cocktails themselves. Service was excellent. Everyone was friendly and smiling and made for a welcoming atmosphere. We even chatted with the owner, and were overall very pleased with the experience. More such places, please!
I have been to The Revelry twice now since they opened, and I have to say I'm a big fan of their cocktails.  I love the drink (can't remember the name, and their website still says "coming soon" so I can't look it up, but it had vodka, St. Germain and some sort of a berry puree.  So tasty!  When I stopped by on Wednesday, friends were dining upstairs, so we sat with them. I tried a bite of the gnocchi, and I have to say I wasn't impressed, but then again, I don't ever dine at new restaurants until they work out the kinks, which the waiter mentioned some things that are being removed or changed on the menu already, so i take that as a positive step on The Revelry's part.  I will continue to go here for drinks, and once they figure out their niche I'll give dinner a go.  This is a great place for a date, or to take friends or out of towners that don't get out much.
The Revelry is a shining example of the leveling up of the food culture in Rochester.  This restaurant is the full package.  Attention to detail, service, aesthetic, quality of food, creativity and vibe.  We went there for Sunday brunch and I got the Chicken and Waffles.  Now, you don't think about Chicken and Waffles in a upper medium to higher end style restaurant.  It was amazing, the most tender chicken I ever remember having with the crispiest coating and the waffle was great.  Our server, Andrew was articulate, attentive, engaging and cool.  The restaurant is beautiful.  The whole time i felt like "i just can't wait to come back" and I'm sure we will.  Go here, check it out!
The prohibition style drinks and southern inspired menu make The Revelry stand out in a crowd of not so original New American restaurants that have been popping up around Rochester in the last few years. The outside patio is HUGE, the glass floor wine cellar and interior decor choices are really smart and one of the owners (you might find behind the bar) looks just like Alexander Skarsgard (True Blood). Worth it.
If you're going to The Revelry because you're under 30 and want to hang with your friends in a crowded and loud bar, then this isn't the review to read. I'm older and I've come here several times for the food. As a restaurant, this place is OK, but there's plenty to work on. The food is actually quite good. I've been here three times, and I've only been disappointed by the quantity of some of the appetizers. That is, if you get, say, the fried green tomato, you'll pay $13 for something so small you can barely taste. That said, the larger plates--and at this point I've tasted most of them--are all quite good, and some (especially the scallops, the black angus, and the duck) are excellent. But then there's the service. It's actually awful. The last two times I was there it took 20 minutes just to get a drink. The bartenders seem to be tending to the beautiful 20-somethings and completely ignoring the waiters (in short: there's no service bar, or the bartenders just don't give a damn about the waiters). This is stupid. The food also takes quite a long time to come. The restaurant has been open long enough that these kinks should have been worked out by now. This is just bad management. So go here if you like enforced leisure. The food is good, but you might get pissed off by how you're treated. This is easy to fix, and I hope they do.
Opening night of dinner service and I was really impressed, a great addition to the Rochester restaurant scene! First, the decor--what a sharp looking place.  You walk up to the place and you notice the really sharp looking sign out front.  The whole building is really cool-looking from the outside.  Inside, the first thing you notice is that the floor of the atrium is glass and looking down into the wine cellar, a really neat touch.  The bar area looks really great, though we didn't stop there.  There is a really large wall covered in salvage wood which adds a nice touch.  Most of the seating for dinner is upstairs, it looks like there is a private room which is where I ended up sitting.  The whole upstairs is really bright, huge windows on all sides.  One downside was that it was pretty warm upstairs, though it was pretty cool downstairs.  Maybe they haven't quite figured out the ductwork, but I would certainly bring a sweater in case you are downstairs that you can take off if you are upstairs.  The music wasn't too loud at all, and was very diverse. The service throughout was great, especially for the first night.  A few little hiccups, but nothing that wasn't rapidly remedied.  The staff was all really nice and attentive.  The food was brought out with pretty good timing, our main course took a little while, but I imagine given that it was their first night they were a little swamped in the kitchen. First course was fried green tomatoes.  What a start.  I will say that the appetizers are a little bit on the small side, so don't be nervous about ordering an app with an entree.  You'll certainly be able to eat both.  The tomatoes were really great, super juicy, and came with a little pile of crab salad that added just the right compliment to the dish.  There was also some sort of spicy sauce that really brought everything together.  One disappointing note, the bread was really not anything spectacular and almost tasted a little bit stale.  A nearby table did order that cornbread that looked amazing. For the main course, I got a the aged duck with grits.  I'm always a little bit nervous about getting grits anywhere in the north, but cheese grits are always a must get on the menu.  The grits were worth it, certainly the best in Rochester.  Not gritty at all, and a very nice flavor of cheese without being overwhelming.  I was very impressed.  The duck had a deep, rich touch of sauce with it that was just perfect.  Really, it was just a fantastic duck, a very classical dish executed very well.  There were also some pickled cranberries that where quite vibrant and tasty.  A great way to lighten up the dish.  My partner got the gnocchi with lamb bacon.  The gnocchi were great, not too heavy, not too light, just the right density.  And lamb bacon?  Fantastic.  A nice salty, rich, smoky flavor.  I was very surprised to see the dish on the menu, but it was incredible. We didn't get any cocktails, but they looked pretty standard for a high-class restaurant and there was quite an extensive wine selection.  The chicken wing appetizer also looked incredible, as did the fish entree, I would really love to go back and try both of those. A great first night, I hope to come back many more times in the future and I think The Revelry makes a great addition to the city and I hope they become another landmark restaurant for all of us to enjoy.
Big fan of The Revelry... Let me tell you why. 1) The drinks are fantastic, they are imaginative, tasty, and unique.  Yeah you can get a vodka tonic, but wouldn't you rather have the Bacon Old Fashioned that I had?  The whiskey was smooth and the piece of thick cut piece of bacon that was in it was delicious. 2) I had the duck tacos for an appetizer, had some kick to them w/ real corn tortillas.  It was the tiny detail about using real tortillas that is something that I noticed and enjoyed.  They would have been good w/ normal store-bought flour ones, but real ones made it great 3) For my main course I had the scallops.  There have been soooo many times where I have ordered scallops only to have them over-cooked and be all rubbery.  I can happily state that all of them were cooked correctly and with a good sear.  Again another detail that stuck out to me. All in all it was a really nice dining experience.  The people were friendly, I enjoyed my drinks and meal, and the little details were hit.  That is what I enjoyed most, the fine details were not overlooked, I think they are on to something here. Finally, this place could be considered pricey for Rochester standards, go to NYC and this place becomes cheap for the quality of food.  But it is what it is. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends.
I recently visited for brunch, and was quite pleased. The drinks were good, and not too overwhelming-I was not planning on getting wasted at 2 in the afternoon. A friend's son came along, and the waiter had a Shirley Temple made so he could feel special. The food was fabulous. The huevos rancheros was quite delicious. It may not sound like something you want, but I strongly suggest trying the chicken and waffles. The flavors went together much better than I expected. The restaurant itself is also quite beautiful. They clearly spent serious money to turn an old factory into a top notch eatery. Another great addition to Rochester's growing list of restaurants.
Upon additional visits to this restaurant, and reading other review I feel it necessary to update my review.  This restaurant has been open for under a full week now and I have come in on several occasions.  Each experience has been better than the last.  I have noticed a few minor hiccups, but this is to be expected in a restaurants first week of service.   I don't understand how Sam S made the review that he did at this place.  How can friendly staff and delicious food be "smoke and mirrors?"   During my most recent visit I was asked what I was in the mood for by the bartender, and with a few descriptions I had one of the best tasting drinks I've ever experienced.  I had the Halibut and everything was perfect.  Congrats!
The Revelry is the latest upscale gastropub to hit Rochester, and it's a welcome addition to the scene. We came here for dinner on a Friday night with reservations (which I recommend) and were promptly seated. The decor is very nice inside and this place was hopping with the cocktail crowd. It is quite loud in the downstairs bar, however, so keep that in mind if you're coming here (similar to Good Luck, I'd say). Now on to the food and beverage. For cocktails, we tried the bacon old fashioned, Fitzgerald, and Tran '84. The highlight and most interesting was by far the Tran '84 if you don't mind a spicy cocktail. I'm a bit biased as I love Sriracha. The bacon old fashioned sounded good on the menu but was pretty underwhelming overall. The Fitzgerald was nothing special. Overall, they're good cocktails but I've had better elsewhere (Lento, Solera, Good Luck). For dinner, we started with the Sunny-Side Up Duck Egg salad which comes on grits, Turnip greens (which has meat), beet puree, and asparagus foam. This was really good although definitely a small portion. I'm not a fan of modernist cuisine like purees and foams personally but this didn't affect the dish. For entrees, I had the gnocchi with lamb bacon and fava beans and my wife had the fish special which was cod, I believe. My gnocchi was very tasty but had too much oil for my liking and the portion size again was quite small. I was still hungry afterward. The fish special looked great with a nice seared crust on the outside but was near raw in the center. My wife still ate it and said it was delicious but that's definitely sub-par for a restaurant that's attempting to be high end. And I'll add that I cook and eat fish all the time so I know what cooked fish should look like. I would give this place a 2.5/5 but with the high price, small portions, and poorly cooked fish, I'm rounding it down to 2/5. Come here for cocktails but skip the food, I'd say. I'll stick to other places in Rochester.
This place is amazing!  It offers an experience yet to be seen in Rochester, NY.  From the hospitality, to the decor, to the bar and concept.  YOU WILL BE BLOWN AWAY!  The cocktails at this place are literally the best I have ever had in the entire world.  This isn't even all they have to offer.  They have a wine seller beneath a glass floor that offers some of the most unique offerings I've seen.  The intimate second floor dining room offered creative food that exceed all expectations. GO!
Embarrassingly poor service, we thought we had been completely forgotten much of the evening. Food was subpar at best - local lettuce salad was just that with a singular cherry tomato and slice of cucumber. Entrees following appetizers were lacking in flavor and left the 4 of us hungry. Ambiance is cool but doesn't make up for huge gaps in other areas. Hopefully they pick it up in order to stay open. We, however, will not be returning.
Although the building is really cool...the food was horrible... Next time I'll drink my dinner thank you...the strong drinks help mask the flavorless menu items
My wife had eaten here shortly after it opened last year, and said she was sure I would like it. She was right on. My first time experience was great. Greeted by warm, friendly people, seated promptly, in  very cool atmosphere. Interesting decor, and plenty of people having an obvious good time. They had great music playing from an edgy play list that made the experience that much better. The staff made us feel right at home, were knowledgeable, and professional. They had an impressive cocktail list and menu. I had an Old Fashioned, Oysters on the half shell, and the Halibut entree. My wife had the Lamb Shank, which was very tender and tasty. It was all outstanding. Excellent piece of fish cooked perfectly, great drinks, great music, great experience! Nicely done at The Revelry.
