A meal at Dogtown never disappoints!  The regional based hot dog selections offer a huge variety of ways to dress up your dog.   Somehow I find myself recently not being able to resist their version of the Rochester classic garbage plate.  There are very few that do it as well and as consistently with a meat got sauce that is more than solid!  It is certainly a hole in the wall but that shouldn't steer anyone away. Dogtown I will see you again soon!
Dogtown is a homey, hole-in-the-wall kind of place--you might be rubbing elbows with the twentysomething next to you, but that's part of the appeal. My go-to here is the Chicago-style dog, which is a reasonable facsimile of that regional specialty. If you're coming here for regional specialties, though, you're coming for the garbage plate, which is excellent. The meat sauce is more meat than sauce; the hashbrowns are generously chunky; and the onions are diced instead of cut into half-rings like you sometimes see. I ordered one with a hot dog and a cheeseburger... I managed to finish it in one sitting, but I'm not proud of that. Okay, I'm a little proud. Dogtown is a Rochester classic. Don't miss it.
Dogtown has some of the best burgers and fries in town, even their chicken sandwich is amazing. Using the best bread in town, Martusciello's, almost anything you eat from here is delicious. I dont care for hot dogs, but their other options suit me just fine. With an intimate, dive interior, thats the only reason why I dont give it 5 stars. If you want great casual food though, you cant go wrong!
Kinda pricey for lunch, but worth it.  I get the bacon cheeseburger, and they put it on a sub roll!  Sooo good.....  Make sure you call in your order ahead of time, as they are really really slow.... It usually takes over 15 minutes to get your order....
My favs are the St. Bernard & Bernese Mountain Dog but I'm currently working through the entire menu. The toasted hearty bun takes these dogs to the next level.
I've been twice now: once with my kids on a Saturday afternoon, and once with coworkers. I was so excited to try their "Chicago-style" hot dog, since I'm a Windy City native, but it left me flat. I even tried it AGAIN the second time to be sure, but it just wasn't the real deal. The tomatoes were diced instead of sliced, they used banana peppers instead of sport peppers, and it was a sad imitation of one of my all-time favorite things. :-( That aside, my husband was happy with his Reuben dog, and my kids had no complaints about their burgers and dogs. But overall, it's just a decent hot dog/burger place. Worth a try.
Good Cheap Food!
So good. I order split plate with baked beans. It it delicious. Best garbage plate!
This is really a 3.5 stars for me. After four people within a two week period individually asked me about Dogtown, I figured that I better visit because there must be something great about this restaurant. Yes, indeed, there is something undeniably special. There's a "Saturday afternoon energy" as people hustle in and out with their orders and having become a staple in the community, it attracts a little bit of everybody. There's a palpable ambiance in Dogtown and I suspect this is part of what keeps people coming back for more. During our visit I ordered a mushroom sandwich with a cup of veggie chili. Hubby got a plate and mom got a traditional beef hot. All were great and the prices are very reasonable. Can't wait to try again, maybe next time I'll be brave enough to try a veggie dog.
Overpriced and you can't ask them to take off olives on the greek stray?  Burnt potatoes and unhelpful staff.
I love this place. Whoever thought of this place is a genius. Delicious hot dogs with delectable toppings on a nice roll. It's perfect. Zwiegles hot dogs are the best-tasting hots ever, you can't even argue with that. The amount of toppings is overwhelming, but makes it so there's something for everyone. There are plates and vegetarian options as well. To top it all off, this place is super cheap.
It's the variety of toppings you can get on your hot dog (or veggie dog) that makes this place so good. So many yummy choices. Or a garbage plate. Sometimes this place gets busy and so it isn't exactly always fast food even though it's hot dogs, but everyone there is nice and it is worth the wait.
Very unique offerings - and an expansive selection considering. I've tried many-a-dog here, and I really enjoy them all! My favorite is the Greek Stray (Gyro meet hot dog). It's a great place to go with the kids after a baseball game, or after a night of shenanigans with friends. It is especially enjoyable on a nice summer day because there is outdoor seating. Believe it or not, there are tons of vegetarian friendly options, and you can replace any dog with a veggie dog. There are definitely areas needing improvement. For one, the parking is very limited and chaotic. Also, the (unisex) bathroom is just awful (tiny, dirty, lock doesn't always work, and everyone can hear what's going on in there). Finally, service is hit or miss. Most of the time it's reasonable quick. Sometimes, however, it can take 30-60min. I don't get it - it's a hot dog. I've wasted entire lunch hours waiting for my lunch, having to head back to work hungry and annoyed. One more thing - the garbage plates leave something to be desired. I hope to see some improvement soon.
Great place to stop in and grab a bite to eat their menu allows for selections for every palate type. If in search of a HOT DOG and you want it just right I recommend giving Dogtown a try Can't go wrong here.
Love this place. Aside from delicious and inventive hot dogs, the people watching at Dogtown is always a good time. I hadn't been in over a year, and when I was meeting someone for lunch today, I knew where we'd be going, as he loves it here too. Every dog I've ever had here is delicious, and today was no different. My favorites are the Chicago, the German Shepard, and the Pit Bull, which is what I had today. I switched it up with a white hot, but the toppings of grilled peppers and onions (which were perfectly cooked and had a nice char on them), barbecue sauce and their version of hot sauce were on point. The bread was nicely toasted, but per usual, I ended up eating most of this with a combination of my hands and a fork and knife. My dining companion swears by his own twist of a southern style dog: a red hot, with the hot sauce and coleslaw. I was completely satisfied with one, but he ordered two, as he stated "whenever I order just one, I always end up wishing I had another!". I also love their selection of drinks, and every side I've ever had here is delicious. This place is always packed whenever I go, and today was no exception. We got there at 12:15pm, and it was pretty busy, and got busier as we ate. It's small inside, but plenty of seating outside where we ate today. Love it here!
Cheap, pleasant service, but nothing about Dogtown sets it apart from any other hot dog joint. The hot dogs themselves have a nicely toasted bun. The ingredients are not extraordinary and the combination of ingredients lack innovation. Nonetheless, you can't really go wrong with a hot dog. We ordered the garbage plate with a hot dog, hamburger patty, fries, macaroni salad, and "meat sauce" on the side. Overall the dish was dry and the macaroni salad and meat sauce didn't help this problem. Dogtown could definitely step it up if the had a side that they did really well or if the included a unique salsa/sauce. As for now, I'll stick with my carne asada fries.
The Jamaican relish is the best. Macaroni salad is hit or miss, depending on the day. If your toppings are falling off the dog, and all over the place you are eating it wrong. The coyote dog and the Chicago dog are my favorites. They switched to a different veggie dog a year ago and the new ones are not very good. Overall, it's a good place to get a hot dog.
One of the best, if not the best "garbage plates" in the Roc, love how the homefries stay crispy even under the hot sauce and mac salad !
Always good
I love Hot Dogs, so Dogtown is my kind of place. Well priced, with a great variety of toppings, and a good selection of toppings, there is no surprise that this place is a favorite. My favorite is the mongrel, because I love toppings on my hot dog! But I also love getting their specials, and their burgers. Yes, their burgers are really good too.  The burgers and hot dogs are served on French Bread, which makes me a bigger fan! My issue is with their fries, they use battered fries, which I hate. I feel they are a cop out, especially after having their other sides which are tasty and really well made. The place is small, and because it's so popular, it gets crowded early, so order to-go and come early!
Delicious. Everything I've had has been very good. I love that they have so many vegetarian options. Wish they had more vegan options, though.
Give it a try. Not fancy,but good.Try one of thier specialty hot dogs
Average at best just a hotdog place nothing special unsure why people like this place just hotdogs and mine was burned...
Just a classic spot that is predictable and consistent. Its a great lunch spot pr quick dinner spot. If they were smart, they would start delivering and delivering within a 3 mile radius.
It's just OK. I was excited to go here.  I love pigging out on some righteous junk food, and dogs loaded with stuff with a side of onion rings and another of sweet potato fries sounded like junkfood heaven.   First, the dogs.  It's true what you've read about the rolls, they're beautiful.  Big, tender, crispy-on-the-edges toasted french rolls.  The dog itself is a zweigle's, which people around here like to act like it's soooo great but it's not really.  Just a normal hot dog.  People in Buffalo will do the same routine for salen's which i also nothing special.  Syracuse has Hoffman's, and those, those really are special. But these are just zweigle's.  The toppings are arranged beautifully on top of the dog.  Then you take a bite, and they drop out into your tray.  I was hoping that big beautiful bun could hold at least half of the toppings on my greek hot dog, but no luck. One bite and all of my feta, olives, peppers, tomatoes, etc was dumped out into the tray.  The few times I did manage to get some toppings, the greek was a pretty tasty dog.  Also got the schnauser, with strangely flavorless onions and oddly bland brown mustard.  Also tried the rodesian ridgeback, with cole slaw, grilled tomatoes, and melted cheese. Here's an important thing to know: the cole slaw sucks.  It sucks HARD.  It's that kind that's sweet and nothing else.  No vinegar, no onion, no spice, nothing.  Just gloppy sweetnesss which is revolting.  Well, at least most of it falls off right away.   The onion rigs were wonderful, thickly battered and crispy.  The sweet potato fries were crispy, and they had a nice sweet potato flavor, but they come sprinkled in cinnamon and sugar, making them taste like fried dough.  They needed copious amounts of salt to taste good.  Salty-sweet, really good.  They should leave off the sugar and pour on salt.   All in all, it's a cheap dive, and you get what you pay for.  I think I'd have been happier with a plain dog, with a little yellow mustard squirted on.  The bun is great and that would have been snack enough.  That and the onion rings, I'm a happy man.  But this place is no great shakes.
A must-see for native garbage plate lovers. Cheap and then tasty. Vegetarian and vegan friendly! I cannot get enough of their veggie burger plates.
Make sure to have lots of napkins! The hot dogs can be quite sloppy to eat but otherwise a good job well done. I came there at 10:30pm on a Monday night and it was still very pack (they close at 11pm). That just shows they must be a great place to eat! I got the Fido Castro, loaded fries and the Hungarian mushroom soup. Everything was delish. I have to say, the coleslaw was pretty damn good. The soup was also very good. Great place for a late night dinner.
I came here for national hot dog day, and was so surprised to find that the names for all menu items are real dog breeds! I had the burmese mountain dog.. hehe, and it was pretty damn good! I didn't know hotdogs can be made with so many different combinations of toppings, definitely check this place out!
Dogtown is pretty much iconic in Rochester at this point, it feels like it's been there forever, and it feels like everyone has been there. If you want to have a good hot dog in Rochester, Dogtown is definitely the place.  Their menu is laden with tons of different customizations for eaters of all kind!  The bread is fluffy, but crisp.  The hot dogs are crisp but moist.  All in all it is a win-win situation for hot dog lovers. I particularly enjoy the Cincinatti Red Dog - it is bang on exactly what I expected and super delicious.  The Boston Terrier is also a winner every time! Unfortunately not every dog meets up to its name.  The Chicago Bulldog for me is nothing like a real Chicago dog from Chicago, and the Bernese Mountain Dog fell flat too.   Overall, if you want hot dogs, it's the place to go, because the dogs and bread are great, but be careful with the toppings on some of them!  The price is certainly right
I would def. come back here if I were visiting. Inexpensive meal with choice of vegetarian hot dog which was pretty tasty. The sweet potato fries were good too. Plenty indoor and outdoor seating. Looks popular with college students as there were lots.
So, I have to give this place 5 stars honestly, because it just rules. Been frequenting here for years, this is the spot to take our friends in touring bands. Love the menu, it's so vegetarian friendly for our many vegetarian and vegan friends, plus a ton of options for us meat eaters! The patio is just perfect for talks while eating, and you can even bring your pooch out there to chill with your group. The staff are consistently some of the most pleasant and friendly that I've encountered anywhere, they are just plain sweet. This place is KNOWN for it's home fries. They are fried, and they are the crispiest anywhere in ROC city. Even though the plates are the star here, I have to recommend what might quietly be the best cheeseburger in the city as well. Loaded fries are another highlight. Really though, if it's your first time, start with one of their expertly crafted, signature dogs, onion rings, and an ice cold bottle of Saranac root beer. You will be back, oh yes, you will be back to the WORLD FAMOUS Dogtown.
Best plates in Rochester!!! They even have options for my vegetarian and vegan family members.
Dogtown has the best garbage plate in Rochester and a fantastic hotdogs menu! This is my favorite fun, casual spot to grab food with friends!
Great yet different plates. The sauce is a Cincinnati Chili rather than the local hot sauce. Very good indeed but not a replacement for a Tahou's style sauce. Burgers are solid. Mac Salad is great. Home fries cooked to perfection. The hot dogs. Yes, a hot dog is like ordering a pizza. There's a thousand ways to order one here. The hot dog menu is great and I always order a specialty dog. Dogtown is awesome. A very unique dining experience.
I was a huge fan of Dogtown.  The food is amazing and there are endless choices of topping combinations.  I am a vegetarian.  The veggie burgers are good and the veggie dogs they had before were fantastic.  My boss bought us all lunch from there the other day and I could tell almost immediately that they changed the veggie dogs.  It was like eating a tasteless sponge and sat in my stomach just the same.  I ate about half of my dog and was disgusted.  It might take me a while to go back for more.
One of Rochester's hidden secrets.  Great little patio to sit on, a great selection of hot dog creations, and some of the best plates in Rochester.
Easily the best place to get a garbage plate in Rochester! They season their fries which most places don't do. Their hot sauce is a lot meatier and flavorful compared to other places.
I have been to this restaurant more times than I can count and have never been disappointed.  I bring friends and family from across the country here to get a taste of one of Rochester's best restaurants.  To tell you the truth, this stop has become a "must visit" for most of my family and friends when they do come into town. The selection is amazing and the quality is wonderful.  The comfortable atmosphere and friendly service add quite nicely.  Only downside is the limited seating, but in some strange way, I think it somehow works with the atmosphere. Long short of it:  Go here!
I moved to Rochester from Chicago, which has rightfully earned its reputation as a hot dog town. I've eaten the best of the best: Hot Doug's, Wiener's Circle, and the so-called "life-changing" Superdawg. Dogtown goes toe-to-toe with and, yes, even exceeds the Windy City's best wursts. I could stare at Dogtown's menu for hours, debating the relative merits of salsa vs. sauerkraut, chili vs. cheddar, and feta on a footlong. The dog lineup is simply insane, with a frank for nearly every type of taste bud. Dogtown uses pretty standard Zweigle's hot dogs, which can certainly be bought at any Wegmans. But some black magic happens between the counter and the kitchen: twenty-odd expertly selected toppings are added to the mix, transporting you to Boston, Chicago, Berlin, Athens, and El Paso. The "Greek Stray," with tzaziki, kalamata olives, pepperoncini, and feta, is Olympic-caliber. The "Caribbean Wild Dog," with sweet Jamaica relish, onions, and cheddar, is howlingly great. And the "Irish Setter," with Russian dressing, corned beef, kraut, and melted Swiss, is... ok, I ran out of dog puns. It's just insanely tasty. Great bread (French bread always, no soggy buns), terrific sides (try the sweet potato fries), incredible prices (dinner for two for under $10) and an incredibly welcoming staff make this one of the absolute best options for a quick, cheap, and definitely unhealthy meal in the Park/Monroe area.
Great place to go after a bar, or a quick lunch with friends. Very tasty! My favorite is definitely the Caribbean Wild Dog :)
Fan of the hotdogs here. Burgers are good as well. French fries are just ok and the home fries are seasoned. The venue is alittle cramped but its good for a quick stop.
Get a taste of Rochester go to Dogtown! Great veggie options unfortunately no Gluten Free (GF) options. Its quick, delicious and unique.
This place is good! The atmosphere is pretty good and the food is great too! Low key place with a chill atmosphere.
Been going to this hot spot since high school and it is the best garbage plate place. Home fries are nice and crisp, burger meat is perfect, mac salad is good, and last but not least the meat sauce is amazing. It's a small little place on monroe but it has the goodies. I'd recommend this place for anyone craving a plate but they're not open too late so get there while they're open! GOGOGO!
I finally tried this place after hearing for years from my friends about how great this place was. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I would actually enjoy my hot dog. I am not typically a hot dog kind of person. My girlfriend got the hamburger plate and I got a white hot with mushrooms, peppers and onions on the french bread. I thought everything was good. I like their macaroni salad and hot dogs. I thought the hamburger was okay. The chili was too sweet. The baked beans were too sweet but good in small doses. The sweet potatoes fries are good but come with brown sugar on top, and if I had known I would have omitted it just because it is already sweet to begin with. I like both their red and white hots along with their bread. I thought it was delicious and look forward to trying the veggie dog next time. They have a great outdoor area to sit in. The prices are reasonable and good. The service is nice and friendly.
I went to Dogtown for the first time last night. I was looking for somewhere inexpensive to grab a bite to eat after 10pm. We had no trouble finding the place and even with less than an hour until they closed there were a decent about of people there. My boyfriend and I both ended up getting junkyard plates. We sat at a small table and looked at the pictures of all the dogs they had on the wall. It was cute,  it looked like personal pictures that owners had taken of their dogs. In no time our food was brought to our table. My boyfriend got two hot dogs on top of macaroni salad and home fries with mustard and onions while I opted for two cheeseburgers on top of baked beans and home fries. There were a few too many onions on my plate so I think next time I'll order without them but the rest of the plate was delicious. The burgers were juicy and I didn't have to fight with them to get them apart. The baked beans were better than any canned beans I've ever tried. The home fries were so crispy. I was very happy with my meal. I have to go back just because they have so many choices that I wanted to try them all last night.
This hotdog shack could be on the bustling boardwalk of the ocean shore in some vacation hotspot, but we're lucky enough to keep Dogtown to ourselves nestled in a little corner of Monroe Ave. They're dishing out something for everyone with Zweigle's hot dogs - red or white, Hartmann's beef dogs, even veggie dogs. Food recos: Cincinnati Red Dog - cheddar cheese and Dogtown chili (solid heat, hint of sweetness, all around delicious). Golden Retriever - bacon, cheddar and a hotdog. What could make a better combo. Bottom line, the rolls are bangin'. Not your generic $0.99 6-pack variety, rather it's real bread, thick cut rolls, nice and toasty to cradle that dog and all its hearty toppings. Fab fries make for a great snack and an even better base for a garbage plate. I'd say this is a solid spot for a garbage plate if you're looking for something a little less greasy than the late night spots you're likely to frequent after a night out on the town.
A nice variety of dogs. I like the Greek hot dog.
Hail the almighty junkyard plate. I've been dying to have a garbage plate ever since I heard about it. I had visions of Adelaide's AB. Look it up if you don't know about it. Anyway, it was finally going to happen. Friends were suggesting Dogtown as the best place to go. The waitress kindly explained how this worked and I ordered the split plate with hot dog, cheeseburger on top of mac salad and home fries, slathered in meat sauce and mustard. Some bread came along in my to go box. It wasn't bad, being much kinder to my taste buds and stomach than I anticipated. It reminds me of my typical July 4th barbecue plate, but less tasty than a neighborly potluck. Overall, it was an ok experience, but I don't understand the rage. Maybe I need the real garbage plate?
This is a go to spot for me. I have tried every dog on the menu and many of the daily specials. The Golden Retriever is my favorite and Fido Castro is one of my favorite specials (though it is available any time). Plate heads will enjoy Dogtown's version though their "hot sauce" is more like a Cincinnati chili. Their soups are also very nice. I'd give them a five star rating but I feel like that is reserved for more upscale places. It's definitely in the top tier of my DD&D restaurants.
Dogtown is my favorite place to get garbage plates! Sorry diehard Nick Tahou's fans, but it's true I think Dogtown is better. This is the place I bring out of towners to introduce them to the famous rochestarian plate! The place is a little small, and doesn't have a lot of seats, so you might not always be able to eat there depending on how busy they are. They have dog pictures littering the walls. It's pretty adorable, and fun to look at while you eat. My favorite thing on their menu was always the veggie burger junkyard plate, but now that I'm back to eating meat it has definitely changed to the the sausage junkyard plate. I really enjoyed their Cajun sausage. It had just the right amount of spice. They also have lots of interesting toppings for your dog if that is the route you want to go. Some day I will have tried all of them. The side dishes are pretty amazing too. The home fries are super crispy and perfect. They might be the best home fries I have had so far. The sweet potato fries are pretty fantastic as well. Sweet, crunchy, and yummy. At Dogtown you can get a filling, delicious meal for under 10 dollars.
Top of the pops for hot dogs. I got a half and half garbage plate; after looking at the designer hot dogs of my cohorts, I realized I had made a mistake. A terrible, terrible mistake. The garbage plate was good, but I was salivating over the dogs and loaded fries that my friends got. I'll definitely be returning for that. The waitress/cashier pointed out that a video of the Iron Sheik and some other wrestler smoking crack exists on the internet, but I have yet to find it. Good times, high times, crackin' good time at Dogtown!
Dogtown provided me with my first authentic garbage plate and I can't give anything but 5 stars out of principle. I have been here several times and tried different plates, several of the crazy dogs, and most of the fry variations, and I have only been underwhelmed once. I first tried a dog that had sauerkraut, corned beef, and russian dressing. Yes, that's a reuben hot dog. You heard me, a REUBEN HOT DOG! They also have clever names for basically everything, exemplified by the Boston Terrier, topped with baked beans and bacon under the hot dog. The plates offer all of the standard options, but the Dogtown sauce is what really sets it apart. The sauce is tasty, meaty, and even a little bit on the sweet side. I can't really complain about anything and I am starting to get a bit of a stomach ache thinking about how long it will be before I can go back. Dogtown, you have my heart. I think I love you.
Saturday night was my 1st time at Dogtown.  I had the Greek Stray with a veggie dog & fries, and it was delicious...  Definitely will be back to try the other toppings!  I used to live in Chicago & the interior reminded me of Hot Doug's.
I went here a few months ago and haven't been able to stop thinking about it.  Finally went back tonight.   I do like the food here quite a bit.  They start with super fresh toasted buns.  You then have a choice of a regular or a footlong dog, which hangs over the sides by quite a bit.   They have well over a dozen hot dog options, most with some cute variation of a dog name (the boston terrier, the st. bernard, etc.).  My son had one with bacon last time, he didn't care so much for the one tonight with the grilled tomato and melted cheese.  The one I had tonight had sauerkraut and melted swiss and mustard.  Delicious. These aren't normal hot dogs.  For those of you from Rochester, you'll appreciate that they use Zweigles.  Better yet, they grill them.   There are several others I'd like to try but even just getting a basic dog like my daughter did, you can't go wrong.   The downside to this place is there is very little seating.  I've been able to get us seats both times but it stresses me out not knowing if I'm going to be able to get a seat.  It's really annoying.   As for sides, fries are very crispy, onion rings are excellent as well.  The cole slaw is good and the mac salad is friggin' better than moms (ALMOST). Hot dogs are about $3.50 (add a $1 for the footlong).   I give the place a 3, but really the food is a 4 and the restaurant is a 2 because of the seating issues.  It's also a bit dumpy, but it's part of the charm.  Beat up furniture but tons of pics of dogs on the wall (I assume from their customers).   It's not an every day place, but if you have a craving for something different, unhealthy and inexpensive, you can't beat it.  I haven't met anyone that didn't really love this place.
I have had a number of good dogs from Dogtown.  Even their vegetarian dog option is really tasty.
Absolutely my favorite place for a hot dog - in or out of Rochester.  I've tried Nathan's originals (right at Coney Island where they started) and a half dozen places in Chicago where they lay claim to the best hot dogs Chicago style (I still can't get a grasp on why someone would put a pickle and a tomotoe slice on a hot dog) but Dogtown has the best. The restaurant is small and cramped but we always find plenty to do looking at the pictures of all f the dogs and their owners on the wall.  The veggie hot dogs they offer taste almost exactly like their meat offerings.  Smother them in vegetarian chili, and it's as good as it gets.  That is, if you get two . . .
If you love a good hot dog, this is the place to go in Rochester, NY. I am a lifelong hot dog addict and am continually blown away by how many ways you can order one at Dogtown!
this place rules. i dig the mongrel dog. my buddys swear by their plates, but i have never had one. there is always a couple cute hipster girls there at all times which is also a plus. Strong 5 OH DID I FORGET TO MENTION THERE ARE PICTURES OF DOGS EVERYWHERE? i love dogs. i usually enjoy my meal while staring at the walls just going aw. try and find the one cat and the monkey picture!
I love dog town! So many awesome hot dogs, such creativity! Every thing I have ever had here is awesome, my personal favorite is the Irish Setter, see all the hot dogs are names after dog breeds! It is a hot dog with  Russian dressing, corned beef, kraut & melted Swiss!  The Golden Retriever, a dog resting next to two strips of bacon covered with melted Cheddar is another good choice! I love the loaded fries, though regular are good too. Some cool Soda options make this a cool place for a first date, definitely will give you and your date lots to talk about. While I suggest it as  a good place for a date, do go knowing its not particularly romantic, its just a cool little spot. With an average dog price of $3.60 or so, sides around $2.40 and soda at say $2, thats about $8 a person, maybe $20 if you get a third dog. Not bad! I recently brought my grandmother here and she got quite the kick out of it too, she had fun ordering once she was finally able to pick out a hot dog. I did forget to make it a white hot which is always an option though she still enjoyed it! Try it out!!
I will admit - I have yet to try a hot dog from here.  But their veggie burger garbage plate alone deserves 5 stars.  My fiance introduced me to this wonderful styrofoam container of heaven over a year ago.  Their veggie burgers are probably the best I have ever had!  AND HUGE!  Throw 2 of those bad boys with cheese on top of crispy hot home fries and mac salad, this non-red meat eater is DELIGHTED.  I have tried other places, and no one compares.  I will keep coming back for my (in my mind) "healthier" garbage plate!  Of course after writing this I may need one tonight!  Bravo Dogtown!
Inside is...cozy, but there is a buzz you only get when people are enjoying their food. I had the Chili Cheese dog with fries. Fries are made to order, which is really nice. There are so many options on the menu, that it is a little overwhelming at first. Just ask them to help you. The chili that they serve is a Cincinnati style bean-less chili. It tastes a lot like the chili we used to get in college (Ohio). It does not have a huge cumin-y taste like regular chili, It tastes alot like you can serve it over spaghetti because of the heavy tomato base. They add a pickle which someone decided to place under my hot dog and made my bun soggy... if this was a mistake, fine, if not, STOP DOING THIS! I know you think your french bread is strong enough to handle it, it still does not mean I want to eat wet bread. UGH! Other than that, I will definitely return.
The best inexpensive meal in Rochester. So many options and the best toasted hot dog bun. Quick service and always a good crowd. Current fav: Golden Retriever.
This is my third time trying a garbage plate in the area of Rochester. Dogtown was the best. It's even a greater experience eating a junkyard plate while looking at dog pictures. Amazing!
LOVE Dogtown!  Sorry to see I have not reviewed them yet.  One of our favorites in ROC!!!  Love the menu, the variety of options, the vibe of the place, the prices -- overall fantastic!
Initially,  I was hesitant on going to a hot dog joint because what's so special about a hot dog? Boy, was I wrong. Dogtown has a whole wall of creative hots to choose from. There's something there for everyone's liking. I had a taste for reuben so I ordered the Irish dogsetter and it hit the spot. They don't use typical buns either so it's another step up that makes the hots scrumptious. I must though, rave about the sweet potato fries. They are the best I've had! They are crispy and have a hint of brown sugar that makes them perfect. I'm not a "fast food" person but I recommend this place to everyone because there's times when I crave it. Get there and try it!
This is where we do our daddy daughter date... Rootbeers and hotdogs, Amazing selection and I have meta few of the staff and they are very nice. When I want something meatless their vegetarian options are amazing try the italian sausage (vegetarian)
Ehh. I'm not buying it. So the bread is good, seems like marticellos hero roll, but it's to big for the skinny hot dogs. None of the toppings are that great quality wise, and many of the speciality dogs seem very similar to one another. Got a chili dog with cole slaw the other day, was not good. The plates are all right but how do you f$%k up a plate???? Old food really would be the only way. Prices are very reasonable and the food comes out quick but to claim this is a gourmet hot dog joint is ludicrous.
Awesome dogs and the onion rings are to die for. My go to for hot dogs in a hot dog town.
Twice. TWICE. I have gone up to the counter of Dogtown and said: "Excuse me, friendo, but I believe I ordered a veggie dog, and you have clearly given me a meaty one." And both times, I have been assured that it was a veggie dog. What does this tell me? These are the best veggie dogs in the world. Oh, what's that? You're a proud meat-eater, and my veggie dog praise is actually making you less likely to go to dogtown? Well know this, my hypothetical carnivore pal: when dogtown opened, I was still a meat-eater myself, and dogtown was STILL the best hotdog I ever had. Why? Because they are packed with awesome toppings and served on buttery toasted french bread. The sides are awesome too. There is a good selection of drinks too. No booze, I don't think. But who cares? I don't bother with the non-hotdog entrees. I'm a Nick Tahoe purist, so I can't do a garbage plate. But they have a jamaican black bean burger that is tempting. But here is what I get every time: the Jamaican Wild Dog. Hot dog (if you eat meat, get a white hot. Come on now), with spicy mango relish and cheddar cheese. I ask them to throw it under the broiler so the cheese is melted. Then I douse it in Frank's red hot and wash it down with a Saranac Ginger Beer. Then I weep, bcs I live in NYC which is supposed to be known for hot dogs, but I know that I will never, NEVER find a hot dog as good as Dogtown. The location is great. They're open late. They are decorated with pics of dogs. Seriously people. This is where you should get hot dogs in Rochester. Eff it, this is where you should get your hot dogs if you live in Buffalo or Syracuse. Or NYC. I didn't get to go last night because it snowed 12 freaking inches on us. Joe stayed late from driving back to the Bronx just so we could grab our dogtown at 11:00 this morning. Why are you still in front of your computer? Go to Dogtown, fool! :)
Dogtown is now an institution here, which is fantastic because when it first opened - maybe 2005-ish? - I loved it and prayed it would stick around. Eight years later, it's still going strong and more popular than ever and rightly so: a combination of smart marketing, excellent customer service, variety and character. It's a little kitschy, that dog theme, but it works. Everyone walks in and know which "dog" they're going to order (mine ranges between the Irish setter, St. Bernard and Russian Wolfhound) which simplifies the ordering process and also provides some creative amusement. You have the choice of an all-beef dog, foot long, veggie dog or red or white hot - fabulous! In addition, they use fresh baked French bread from Martusciello's, which is crisp and light and a clever deviation from the classic limp hot dog roll. The place is cheap, the decor is cute but bare bones (what's a review about dogtown without some annoying puns) and the dogs and junkyard plates are delicious. Dogtown is a success because it caters to a wide range of customers with a quality product that is unique and reasonably priced. A MUST in Rochester!
We visited this place based on Yelp reviews and we were definitely not disappointed. The food was fresh and delicious, and we loved the creative takes on hot dogs. I tried the Golden Retriever, which was incredibly yummy. The french bread that the dogs are served on is awesome. The fries are cooked to order, and were served piping hot with a nice amount of crispiness. Seating is incredibly limited, but we managed to find a table for our party of five without a wait. Everyone loved their food (we tried an Irish Setter, a garbage plate, a kid's hot dog meal, and a kid's hamburger meal). The price was incredibly reasonable. They also had some awesome soda choices. I love Johnnie Ryan's Cream Soda, and I've only seen it in one other place. Overall, a total gem in Rochester. Definitely pay a visit if you're in the area!
Great selection of hot dogs, excellent vegetarian options, and the fries are amazing. The staff always seems friendly and attentive. The dining area always seems crowded no matter how many people are there, though. Great for pick - up meals.
I echo the previous review, best plate in town!!! The dogs are delish, and the sides are freshly prepared. The price is right, and is actually cheaper than a lot of places that use inferior dogs and burgers. You just can't go wrong here!!!
Hold up...I haven't written a review for Dogtown yet!? I just wrote a review for The Cracker Barrel, yet I don't have a review for the place I take all of my friends and family whenever I want a cheap, delicious, non-ethnic meal in Rochester? Well here it is: Dogtown was one of the first places I visited after moving back to Rochester last summer and the plates (Junkyard Plates), in my opion, remain some of the best under-$10 food options in town (prices range from $7 for a plate with two dogs or cheeseburgers to $9 for a plate with two sausages). I usually get the split plate with one red hot and one cheeseburger, and I opt for home fries and baked beans, rather than the more traditional mac salad / French fries combo. Unlike other garbage-style plates in Rochester, the one at Dogtown is not so over-the-top that you feel guilty/nauseous/unholy after eating it; yes, the Junkyard Plate is sizable, but if you're hungry, you can finish it easily and be pleasantly satisfied (rather than "I think I'm gonna hurl" full). In addition to its reasonable size, the home fries version sports the hottest, most crispy potato products this side of Acme's Cajun Tots. They come crispy and stay crispy. I like that. Be true to yourself home fry. The meat sauce is rich and beefy. The beans are better than Bush's. They're better than Bush (the band). They're better than a bush (the plant). But they're NOT better than bush (slang for vagina). When I'm not housing a Junkyard Plate here, I usually get the Boston Terrier, which slaps two strips of bacon on a bunned red hot, covers it with baked beans, and to add insult to injury, dollops a few plops of that beefy-ass meat sauce on top for good measure. Oh yeah, did I mention it's only $3.49? Regardless of what I order, I cannot come here and NOT order the sweet potato fries ($2.79). If you haven't read my Top 15 list on the "Epic Dishes" Yelp thread go there now. Not only will you be viewing the definitive list of great Rochester foodstuffs, you'll soon notice Dogtown sweet potato fries hold the #9 spot. In my humble opinion, these are the best sweet potato fries in the world. They could not make them any better. The selection of carbonated beverages here is also excellent, as is the outdoor seating, private parking lot, abundance of condiments, chip selection, and variety of vegetarian and vegan options, for those who aren't turned on by emulsified forcemeat and related products. This is the perfect place to come if you are poor and hungry, but don't think you should be required to visit Ronald, Wendy, or The King whenever you want a quick, affordable meal.
Best Garbage Plate in Rochester! The dogs are quality and too many styles to make a decision on. Must stop for local cuisine
I can't remember the last time I had (or even wanted to have) a hot dog but after reading all the rave reviews on here, I gave Dogtown a try on Friday. The inside is rather small but there is outdoor seating (available for the 3 months of summer we get here). Business was brisk but there was never a line longer than 5-6 people. They seem to have a rather efficient set up for taking orders, accepting payment and dispatching the order to the kitchen (located about 5 feet from where you order). This is a huge plus at lunch time. I appreciate the presence of a veggie and 100% beef hot dogs for people with dietary concerns/restrictions/etc. I ordered the Caribbean Wild Dog (with the beef hot dog), french fries (sides are not included in the price of a specialty hot dog typically) and a Jones soda (nice touch...rarely see this option in Rochester establishments). The total was almost $9 - this seemed kind of steep for what I was ordering. The food came out fairly quickly. The Caribbean Wild Dog was decent - I found the relish far too sweet for my liking so I will not be ordering it again. The beef hot dog itself had a good snap to it and tasted quite good. The french bread is an interesting (and delicious) touch. I think I will try the Pit Bull next time. A couple of minor complaints - $2.19 for a side of French fries seems a little steep and I cannot imagine that space being comfortable in the winter (given how popular they seem). While I do not expect to be visiting Dogtown often (mostly out of fondness for my health and Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution), it will definitely be my stand by for a good old hot dog fix. p.s Parents (and other care-takers of children) - they do offer a couple of kids' meals. My friend's 5 year old got a cheeseburger and fries (kid sized) for around $3.00. In case the child you are responsible for has odd issues with how certain food should look, the burger is served on French bread (I don't think they even carry hamburger buns).
Dogtown is simply awesome! There are sooooo many topping options it's a little overwhelming (in that good oooh-I-want-to-have-them-all-right-now kinda way). For this visit I tried the Rhodesian Ridge Back, which is a Zweigle's red hot, coleslaw and grilled tomatoes covered in melted jack cheese. Damn! I fell in love a little bit. I also have to mention that the bread is stellar. It's a good, sturdy French bread roll that can easily hold it all together.  I added an order of onion rings, which were also delicious--simple, but done right. I tend to get my order to go, because the dinning area and porch are small and often full. Lastly, I definitely have to give the girls at the counter props. They are friendly and very efficent, which makes standing in line much more tolerable.
Rochester is littered with hots stands and everyone has their favorite that they either grew up on or adopted as their own. I know people that swear by Tahou's or Steve T's  and people that have to drive up to Charlotte to get their fix. For me, I have adopted Dogtown and I'll never look back. They are the best of breed in Rochester (see what I did there?) at what they do and I love when someone executes simple food well. Dogtown has a large menu of topping combinations to go along with the classic Zwiegle's red or white sausages. They are all tagged with cute dog themed names  that go along with the dog decorations and photos that never fail to make my girlfriend smile. The toppings range from the traditional (sauerkraut, hot sauce/chili, basic condiments) to the more unique (tzatziki, corned beef and a good choice of cheeses). Freshly baked and toasted bread is the thing for me that takes them a full step above any other hot dog joint in town. It stands up to the flavors of the Zwiegle sausages and the flavorful toppings and adds something to the party instead of acting as a mere carrier. They also turn the venerable garbage plate into something that goes beyond the typical grease bombs that you see at almost every other hots stand. The hot sauce (more chili than traditional Rochester hot sauce) has actual flavor and their hash browns are cooked nicely and hold up underneath the typical variety of plate toppings. Definitely recommended and although filling you don't feel completely awful after eating it. Dogtown is also vegetarian friendly for those that don't eat delicious delicious animal based products. Love the Dogtown and it's a standby place to visit for those that have limited tastes when you still want something better than the baseline.
Dogtown Hots - Monroe Avenue - 4/23/10 Hot dogs.  What kind of Bellyman eats hot dogs?  Every kind!  Who doesn't love a good hot dog?  Unknown meat-like filler in a phallic shape served on a bun, how could it get better?  Bellyman will tell you how...you open a restaurant where that's all you sell, and you make so many variations the minds of your customers will swim! Such is the premise behind Dogtown Hots where they make hot dogs (and possibly other items, but would you go to a sushi place for the steaks?) into an art form.  The dog Bellyman last had was the Rhodesian Ridgeback: "A dog sleeping on a bed of coleslaw with grilled tomatoes & melted Monterey jack".  SOLD!  They fail to mention that they don't use the soft, mushy buns you get at the supermarket.  These dogs are served on hearty Italian rolls that give them HEFT! Bellyman has been here a couple of times, and really, really, really likes it.  Mrs. Bellyman isn't such a fan, so Bellyman doesn't get to go as often as he'd like (hint, hint).  But, that just makes it more of a treat.  If you like hot dogs, you owe it to yourself to take Bellyman's advice and just go! But, Bellyman will admit you're better off just getting two dogs than wasting your money or belly space with the fries.  Bellyman is not a fan at all of coated fries, and that's what they serve there.  Coated fries are a crime against nature.  If your fries aren't good enough on their own, faking them up isn't going to make them any better!  But, skipping the fries just means you don't have to decide which dog to get...get two different ones! Bellyman approves!
Dogtown has a great selection of theme hot dog items (my favorite is the Greek Stray), but they're willing to make you whatever (my father-in-law made a pretty ridiculous concoction that wasn't like anything on the menu but turned out delicious). Their ingredients are extremely high quality and they offer a number of vegetarian items as well as garbage plates in addition to the hots. The rolls you get your dog on are basically a 4th a loaf of really good french bread. My complaints about Dog Town are the fact that they're closed on Sundays and that they're really too popular for their own good. If you try going over at lunch time or around rush hour it's next to impossible to get a spot in the lot or to find seating at a table, particularly if the outdoor tables aren't an option depending on the time of year. It can also be a pain to go with a big group, since odds are you're going to end up scattered in what little seating is available. More than any other business I know, Dogtown is a victim of it's own success. The text of my review is split about 50/50 between good and bad, but that's because you really have to taste the food to appreciate how good it is, whereas the bad things are objective. Dogtown is easily in my top 3 favorite places to eat in Rochester. Unless you are absolutely repulsed by the idea of hot dogs, you owe it to yourself to try them at least once. EDIT: Even if you are repulsed by the idea of hot dogs, try the veggie dog. I love meat of pretty much all kinds, but I'll order the veggie dogs just because of how good they are at Dog Town.
VEGAN F-ING HOTDOGS!!! Need I say more? Ok, I will. Today for lunch, I had a Chicago Bulldog and half a Mushroom Walnut burger with sweet potato fries. The first thing I noticed was the bun which was a ciabatta style french bread. Delicious. The dog was perfect, it hit the spot. The burger was great too. it was soft and was full of good stuff. you could see that it had some red quinoa in it to give it some lightness and a complete protein. It was also served on the same style of bun. The only thing that I was not a huge fan of was the sweet potato fries. They come covered with sugar!?!? Why? I have no idea. If I would have known that I would have not gotten them. I love sweet potato fries with a little bit of sea salt. Sugar was not what I was looking for. I won't take a star off because I am sure that someone loves them that way and it is just a preference thing, but it would have been nice to know. I will totally be here again to chow down on some vegan dogs. NOM!
Great for what it is.   Dogtown lets the humble hot dog shine pairing it with fresh baked rolls, fresh ingredients and interesting condiments.  I've enjoyed their caribbean dog, and you can't go wrong with any of the sauerkraut and russian dressing variations.  I was really impressed with their take on the Rochester classic, the garbage plate.  It passed the "would I still eat this if I were sober?" test with ease.  Just wish they were open later on the weekend.
Come to Hawaii and ask for a classic local dish, most people will say, "get one loco moco brah!" (in pidgin). Translation:  "It would behoove you to partake of a very delicious and popular local concoction we call, the 'Loco Moco.'" I come to Rochester and my buddy tells me, "Get a garbage plate bro!" My mouth says: "I'm down!"   My brain says:  "Dear god what is a GARBAGE plate?!" My stomach says: "gurrrgle.. mrrrrggghhmm!" My mouth again: "...Can we go now?" Now I know what it's like.  I guess loco moco is about as bizarre sounding as garbage plate was to me. Dogtown is such a chill place!  They give it to you however you want. I asked for no mac salad, one veggie patty and one hamburger patty.  Sounds strange, but the girl taking my order says, no problem! The price is right.. The place clean.. The vibe is upbeat and friendly.. The food..  oh lord.  The only thing I wish I had done differently, is had my girlfriend there to help me conquer that little mountain of potatoes, burger patties, chili, onions and jalapenos!  And actually, I probably should have gotten the mac salad.  Yellow mustard on it all is a perfect touch. I'd be here way too often if I lived in Rochester.  I'm bummed I never got to try any of the hot dogs, I heard they're amazing.  This place is on the priority list during my next visit.   By the way, if you were wondering, a loco moco is a hamburger patty over a bed of rice, an egg over easy, covered with gravy.  And in my opinion, it couldn't be complete without Tabasco.
Yeah, this place really needs ANOTHER review, but here goes nothing: After having passed this place for years, and never going inside (due to the rather youth-oriented signage), after reading so many glowing reviews, I decided to blow my diet for one lunch and try them. I ordered a 'split plate' with beans and home fries. It was.......well,....just O.K. The chili was pretty decent, but the hamburger patty was over-cooked, and the beans were....meh....For what I paid (and what I've read), I expected better. The dining room was CRAMPED. I'm 6'2", and I nearly hit the ceiling with my head. Tables are absolutely crammed into this small location, and the table tops were all sticky. My hypothesis of them catering to the under-25 crowd seems to be correct, if it weren't for all the midddle-aged guys who keep coming in for take-out lunches. So, if you're on Monroe, you COULD do worse, you certainly could get food cheaper, but you'd be hard-pressed to find a place (or a prking lot) as crammed full as this place is at lunch every day. I still don't get why, though....
There isn't much I can add that hasn't already been said. Basically, this place has risen to the top of Rochester's dogs & plates establishments. Their hot sauce doesn't make me feel bad about myself, and though I may be wrong, is known to cause smiles in nearby children. One time I ate a "Boston Terrier", and stopped in to Dogtown for a refreshing hot dog to get the taste of fear and dog fur out of my mouth. They don't cook their food on traditional ovens, but rather rainbows that harness dangerous nazi gamma rays to produce perfectly plump beef or poultry franks. Oh, and they're vegetarian-friendly! If I won the lottery, I would certainly give some of it to Dogtown Hots.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  I ordered the Italian sausage and it was excellent.  I like that they have outdoor seating as well.  I would totally go back and try a "real" hotdog...everything looks really good!
Oh Hot dogs. An american institution of a go-to meal. From 2 years old to 102 years old, everyone loves a good dog. This place has some good ones. Lots of choices and some nice, not so typical combinations. I've tried almost every one, but the Boston terrier is still my favorite. Baked beans, bacon and cheddar. They also have burgers, plates and steak sandwiches, as well as some vegetarian options. What also makes this place cool are the little things. The unique building, cozy space, pictures of local dogs on the walls, soda in real glass bottles, all that good stuff. Definitely a cool place with good food and unique character.
Gourmet hot dogs at affordable prices.  Service is a bit slower than expected for a hot dog, but it's well worth the wait. Recommended are the Boston Terrier and Irish Wolfhound The homefries are also amazing, seasoned and delicious Definitely a repeat visit.
Had a 'junkyard plate' yesterday for the first time from Dogtown. As a self proclaimed garbage plate aficionado, I was impressed. I got the 'triple threat' plate and I really enjoyed it. The home fries were nice and crisp not soggy, mac salad was flavorful and not just used as a filler and the bread was great as well. Good price and generous portion. Only minor downsides for me were that I would've like a little more chopped onion and meat sauce, and would've loved the meat sauce to be a little spicier. Overall, wonderful. Will definitely be back for another.
I moved away from Rochester last year, and the place I cannot stop thinking about is DogTown.  It is so hard to get a decent hot dog in NYC, and there is absolutely nothing that compares to DogTown.   The dogs  and sweet potato fries are always tasty, plus I really enjoy downing my meal with some good old Stewart's.   I am convinced that DogTown is among Rochester's best , and it is the first stop I make when I get off Amtrak.
If my background started in Rochesternomics and I was a fan of Rochester's Garbage Plate...this place might take the cake. Howeer, I am neither and I am not trying to claim as one. I can imagine their garbage plates are the best when inebriated and super hungry but intoxicating and full of indigestion when sober. Not rating this place as 2 star for anything other than "its not my cup of garbage plate". Other than that, their service is GREAT!
Caribbean Wild Dog, baby! Best hotdogs ever!
Great little place tucked away slightly off of the street.  The parking lot was packed and there was a short line and plenty of people waiting for their order to come up. I ordered the Cincinnati Red Dog and the Golden Retriever.  I really liked that they were served nestled between toasted french bread.  The bread was soft with a nice crust and never got soggy from the condiments.  I liked the Dogtown sauce and the freshness of all of the ingredients (which you can't always say for a hot dog joint). The service was good and the atmosphere was a perfect fit for Dogtown.  Pictures of dogs EVERYWHERE. Great place and very reasonable.  I would definitely return.
Every time I'm home, I head to DogTown. EVERY TIME. Consistently yummy, clean, quick (Even during peak hours)... etc. The two out-of-towners I've brought were fully impressed (and full). Ugh, I want to go to here right now. Houston needs to get with the program. HEY DOGTOWN, come open a location here please :)
As a regular patron of Plum House (a restaurant across the street), I wondered what dogTown was like. I was never a big fan of hotdogs, but I was curious... and my dinner companion was even more so. On his birthday (November 2008) I took him there for lunch. I'm not sure what we had that day, but whatever it was was fantastic because we've been back over a dozen times since. The menu is extensive, and they often have hotdog specials with new toppings not already listed on the menu. (The specials tend to be the most economical, too.) I have a handful of favorites, and they're all terribly yummy. I love hotdogs now!
Great restaurant. Good, interesting food prepared quickly but with great taste. Great-- and many-- options for vegetarians. I like the Greek stray, but they're all great. Seating area is a little cramped and it fills up during high demand hours. Parking can also be difficult.
Scoped this place on here before moving to the Roc from LA in July. Grew up here but spent most of my time in the eastern suburbs where you grow up knowing nothing about the hip parts of town. Anyway, brought the hubs and kids (toddler and baby) and sat on the patio. Long story short, our toddler girl destroyed her hot dog and fries, and my hubs raved about the junkyard plate (he's totally had Nick Tahou's loads of times). I myself enjoyed the Golden Retriever - a split dog with two strips of crispy bacon and melted cheddar. Excellent bacon - nothing worse than chewy nasty bacon, and this was the opposite of that. The bread roll thing they serve the dogs on was unique but awesome. Also had the sweet potato fries - They're sprinkled with sugar; maybe a little much on the sweet for me but they came out hot and crispy. My girls' fries were great; hot and crispy. The food came out quickly and the patio seating is comfortable and a nice option during nice weather. All in all the food was fantastic and we left happy. The only thing I will say is that the crowd is that hipster/tatooed/pierced Monroe Ave crowd and maybe it was a little goofy showing up with a Fisher Price dining seat and little kids, but whatevs. In LA those people have kids and bring them out to these places :) I gave 4 stars only because I imagine we won't come over in cruddy weather because the inside seating isn't much; not easy to deal with when you have two high chairs and a satchel of kid stuff.
This was one of my favorite lunch/late night weekend spots while I lived in Rochester. They have great vegetarian dogs and the french bread rolls are so so good. The menu here is a little extensive, yet still simple. Basically you can get a hot dog with any topping imaginable, but the restaurant has gone to the trouble of thinking of a multitude of delicious combinations...so that you don't have to! From as simple as a chili dog to wieners topped with veggies and more. Honestly, you have not dined in Rochester until you have eaten here. They also have pretty good 'garbage plates.' The dining room is a bit small and can get packed on weekend nights, but during the warmer months, there is seating available outside. Prices here are very reasonable.
This hots place has recently opened in the restaurant location of doom on Monroe Ave. Previously housed in the location was Monroe Hots which seemed to always be opening and closing, and before that it was Salena's 2.   Hopefully Dogtown stays around for a while because it is wonderful. It serves the same type of fare as Gitsi's or Mark's but the food is of a completely different caliber. Instead of frozen bagged fries, they actually use real Idaho potatos. Their fries are lightly coated with breadcrumbs before being fried and are completely delicious.  They use fresh crusty french bread from Martescuillo's instead of soggy rolls, and Rochester's famous Zweigle's hotdogs instead of generic dogs. They have creative menu choices, and plenty to choose from in addition to hotdogs. The burgers are great as are their side dishes. Be sure to try to the sweet potato fries!  They also have some vegetarian options, so there's something for everyone. The service at Dogtown is great, too. The people are really kind and chatty.   Not only are the food and people great, but the atmosphere inside is much imporoved from the place's past restaurant incarnations.  Instead of being dingy and dirty, the kitchen and dining area are sparkling clean and the cafe has original artwork (photos of dogs!) and nice little tables and a bar area for seating.
Veggie mongrel, yum!  Food is great but I took a star off because it's kind of a dump. I didn't care for the potatoes that are so popular. They are over cooked each time I tried and not particularly tasty.
Yum! You can get anything with a beef dog (50 cents more) and the bread they use is excellent. I've only tried the Cincinnati and the German Shepherd but both were great. The menu is very large and has something for everyone (even vegetarians).
I love Dog Town! They have a great variety of toppings for your hot dogs. They have around 20 different kinds. My personal favorite is the Golden Retriever (bacon and cheddar cheese). The food is affordable and a great takeout option for my family. You can also dine inside (decorated with photos of customer's pets) or out on the patio. The dinning area is a bit small, hence why my family does takeout. For a restaurant specializing in hot dogs they also have great burgers (with vegetarian options) and plates. Give them a try!
Eh... This place was good, but yelp had me expecting greatness in a hot dog. While  dogtown delivered a rather solid hot dog and cheese fries, it wasn't earth shattering. The cheese fries w the Rochester hot sauce of beanless chili easily trumped the dog
Truly unique, excellent dogs. The Greek Stray was awesome, on halved French bread with tzatziki, feta, and kalamatas.
Awesome food, great variety! Good options for vegetarians and very fast service too. Kid-friendly, lots of parking, and convenient location are all bonuses that round out a great fast-casual food experience! And the Split Plate is my fave plate in town!
Sweet potato fries? Yes. Veggie options? Please and thank you. This place is pretty good. Came in here yesterday for a quick bite. Extremely impressed with how clean the place was. Very nice staff and yummy food. Can't complain.
I love DogTown. The food is great and there are enough interesting options to warrant many repeat visits. The healthy options on the menu mean I can bring my wife to a hot dog restaurant without any complaints or bargaining. For what they charge, you'd expect some corners to be cut in terms of quality, but they clearly care about their product too much to do that. I'd give them 4.5 stars if I could. The tiny, cramped building they're in keeps me from giving them a 5. Now that they've built a name for themselves in town, I'd love to see them add a second, bigger location.
Dogtown changed their veggie dogs :(  I had been craving hotdogs for weeks and finally got the chance to go recently and was dissapointed to learn they changed their veggie dog supplier.  When I asked about it I was given a flyer stating that the ones they used weren't cost effective and the new ones were local made, which I can appreciate but I did not care for them.  I will continue to go to here for veggie burgers and fries but not hotdogs.  I understand the reason for the change, it's just a total bummer.
DogTown is one of the best restaurants in Rochester at any price point. There's a reason it's busy every time I visit. The selection of hot dogs and sandwiches is amazing. The menu is extremely vegetarian friendly, with lots of meatless options and delicious homemade soups. Everything tastes like they really know how to cook and aren't cutting corners.   The crown jewel, however, is the DogTown plate. It is the best garbage plate in the city, no question. They have mastered the science of the home fry. If President Obama was listening to the right people, he would have come here for a split plate.
This place is great!  I've been a few times now, and everytime I walk in, I have people in line in front of me, regardless, my order is taken relatively quickly and the food has always been delivered shortly after sitting down at a table. I think Rochester needs more places like this: cheap, non-chain, unique, good eats that you can either drop in for quick take-out or sit down for a lunch or dinner meal...
Yes, I'm definitely a fan of this place. By far, it has the best hot dogs in Rochester, but at a rather stiff price and with very little competition in the hot dog category of food other than with the possible exception of Gitsis, which specializes in a gallbladder killing Texas style dog. With Rochester being known for its white hots, I would have thought that I'd find a wealth of regular hot dog, or as they seem to call them in Rochester, "red dog" places. The selection is wide and well varied. The staff is friendly and polite and it generally offers ease of parking considering its downtown Rochester location. It's a simple order at the counter, take a seat and wait to be called type of place.
Not just great hot dogs, but hamburgers too! I visited Dogtown while on vacation in Rochester.  We selected the place based on Yelp reviews.  Yelp did not disappoint.   The place is adorable.  It's a great up-scale hotdog place.  I am not, personally, a big fan of hot dogs, but the selection was amazing, with cute dog-themed names to accompany each dog.   I had a bacon cheeseburger with a side of onion rings.  They were the type of onion rings I LOVE--large, tender, battered rings, not those re-constituted breaded onion circles you find some other places.  These rings are best eaten with a fork!  They were absolutely delicious.  The burger was great as well.   It's definitely a heavy, hearty meal, so bring your Tums!   If you like a fun, original and tasty menu, you'll love this place.
Different. In a very good way. I miss your hot dogs. Great vegetarian options. Great location. Great prices. Yum.
Dogtown is a pretty fun place to go for a cheap meal and laid back atmosphere.  It's like the LUX or Monty's Krown of local food joints - eclectic mix of clientele, and everyone is cool with each other.  Service is always fast and friendly. The menu here is very creative, but the choices can be hit or miss, but that is part of the fun of trying new things.  Luckily there have been way more hits than misses.  I love the Greek Stray, the Irish Setter, the Boston Terrier, the German Shepherd, and the Chicago Bulldog.  The bread is a big part of what makes the dogs here so great.  No cheap hot dog buns here, the bread is fresh and local, from Martusciello's over on Lyell.  Nice. On to the sides: the sweet potato fries, as many have previously stated, are ridiculously good.  The best I've ever had.  The home fries are awesome, and the onion rings are delicious. The one thing I don't really care for is Dogtown's version of the trash plate, the Junkyard Dog plate.  While the ingredients are good (the home fries are the best in town, in my opinion), I think the lack of a true meat sauce ruins it for me.  Not to worry, plenty of other great choice on the menu! Parking is sometimes hard to find, as the lot is pretty small.
Exceptional hot dogs. Numerous choices of specialty dogs, served on a hard roll. I had the Cincinnati (with the Dogtown chili) and the St. Bernard (kraut, swiss, and mustard). Both were great. I'll definitely return for a cheap late night meal. Maybe I found my Roc alternative to Jim's Steakout?
The home of the best hotdog menu EVAR! If you're a Boston local, this is kind of like Spike's Junkyard dogs, just a billion times better because of the menu and the listing of people's real best friends covering the walls. My favorite dog in real life and on the menu is the boston terrier, featuring bacon, baked beans, and dogtown sauce. I'm also a huge fan of the Rhodesian Ridgeback, "A dog sleeping on a bed of coleslaw with grilled tomatoes & melted Monterey jack" know to me as a sweet-natured dog with a great personality that makes you susceptible to drooling at the thought of them. So freakin' good & cheap it'll have you coming back for MOAR!
I finally had lunch here yesterday with the hubby. The specialty dogs are super creative.  I had the coyote which is topped with salsa, sour cream, cheddar cheese and jalapenos.  he had a golden retriever which is topped with bacon and cheddar.  We split an order of sweet potato fries (which are sprinkled with cinnamon sugar....super yummy!) as well as the homemade spicy sweet potato corn chowder which was delicious.   The service was friendly but it took surprisingly long to get our food. The place itself is small but somehow they manage to cram lots of tables & chairs in there so it accommodates quite a few people.  I especially like the black & white photos of random dogs on the walls. They also have a nice patio area that folks seemed to enjoy even though it was a tad chilly. The only thing that didn't thrill me was the hot dog itself which is why I'm only giving them 3 stars instead of 4.  I know this is probably a sacrilegious statement to make in Rochester but I'm not a huge fan of Zweigle's.  (There I finally said it!!) Next time I'll probably pay the extra 50 cents an upgrade to a 100% beef frank.
This place is great, I have only been one time and I am a fan.  The menu is huge and hangs on the wall when you walk in, I was overwhelmed at first but ended up just going with a basic dog with sauerkraut and brown mustard, yum.  This place is not cheap, it was $15 for 2 dogs, 2 fries and 1 water and 1 soda.  And its tiny inside. I took a menu home with me to study for the next time because we will be back!
I've spent many late nights and lazy afternoons standing in line at Pinks in Hollywood.  Now that I'm older, I see that it was for the novelty rather than the actual hot dogs. This is not the case with Dogtown.  I like the change of pace - more laid back and I don't feel like I'm being herded to the counter like a cow.  My veggie tex-mex mutt took a smidge longer than I expected but it was delicious and I absolutely knew they were preparing it on the spot.  Sure, the salsa wasn't fresh but the veggie dog itself was very enjoyable.  And the BREAD.  My goodness!  Light, fresh, and fluffy; perfectly toasted for just enough structure to hold up the massive amount of condiments.  I'd eat the bread plain given the chance. I was informed that they have veggie garbage plates.  I cheat at being vegetarian occasionally but I have never been able to bring myself to order a garbage plate (is this an appropriate avenue to say how much I miss bacon?).  I'm excited because now I have the chance to really experience Rochester.  I'll be back, soon.
There are several Rochester food staples and this definitely is one of them. If you know how much them Western New Yorkers like their hots, you'll find all the hots you can ever dream of here. I tried their chili cheese dog, and it was pretty delicious. Unfortunately, it sat in a paper bag for 30 minutes so I didn't get to enjoy it at it's prime. If you enjoy more toppings on your hots, there's plenty of selection.
Get your dogs here!!  You have to love this little dog shack, great plates and better specialty dogs.  One problem is it gets easily backed up with a crowd if you happen to come at the wrong time, causing a 15-20 minute wait if they are not fully staffed.  A minor pitfall of a small operation. Other than that you will not be disappointed.
I am in love with this place. I found it a couple years ago when I still lived in Rochester, and let me tell you, my friends and I have been back so much since, they know our names (we came here after our senior prom and our graduation). But everyone who works there is so friendly and interesting, always willing to chat or suggest something new. My all time favorite? The Chihuahua, a special with sour cream, cheese, and in house made corn salsa. If you ever see it on the board, try it! The plates are also infinitely better than anything at a 'regular' hots, and the crowd is less unruly. Set behind a parking lot on Monroe, right where Oxford ends. I've been to the famous Pinks, and let me tell you, they don't even compare to Dogtown.
This is the best eatery in Rochester. It is more successful at its mission than any other restaurant I have been to, probably because hardcore American food like hot dogs is really the culinary embodiment of a dying Rust Belt holdout. However, Rochester does have a small but thriving art scene and excess IQ points abound in this university town. In a parallel manner, Dog Town produces consistently delicious gourmet hot dogs, garbage plates and fries but also takes them in new directions. I am not a vegetarian, but I love the veggie dog with veggie chili and cheese so much that I always get that. I cannot think of a better summer afternoon treat. Also, this place has the best fries in Rochester. The sweet potato fries are good but the regular ones are so crunchy and delicious that I never get the others. Finally, there is a now a beer shop across the street, so you can order a few dogs, pick up some cold ones while they cook, and then take it all into a park. I actually did it in the winter once. It was still fun!
The food is amazing and really inexpensive. I think one of my favorite things is that Dogtown is great for everyone when I go there. I can get a great vegan option, while the meat options please the non-veggie people. Everyone is full and happy at Dogtown. The staff is friendly and the food comes out quickly.
When I want to deliver the atomic stomach bomb that is a garbage plate into my belly (more often than you might guess), this is my first choice.  White hots here make my mouth water, and all their g-plate (copyright: me) bases are really good too.  Wish they were open just a bit later, but otherwise, no complaints about this place.
Unlike any other. These dudes do it right. Plates, dogs, snausages, and plenty of veggie stuff for all the hippies. Beef dogs for the homies, they know what's up.
Good spot for lunch or a late-night snack after a drunken night of craziness. I finally got to try out this place this past weekend. I ordered the daily special: portugese chorizo with grilled onions and peppers. it came with a side in which i ordered fries. i liked it. the chorizo was nice and spicy. the fries were ok. definitely wanna try some of the vegetarian options next time.
Great hot dogs! I got the Pit Bull and it was perfect.  It had peppers, onion, chili sauce, and bbq sauce.  It was simple and the dog seemed steamed.  The bun was made of french bread, which was an interesting touch.  I tried my friend's french fries and they were awesome. Everyone who got different dogs (including a vegan dog) really enjoyed their meal.  I would give it a shot if you have about $4 to spare on a gourmet hot dog. They have a $5 limit on their credit card machine, so you might be better off getting a meal.  I got a dog and pop.
Dogtown is one of my favorite restaurants in Rochester. You can take your boyfriend, your best friends, your parents visiting from out of town, you can feed an army of people helping you move. It's cheap, and depending on when you go, it's fast. The cashiers are great, too. (But, I'm a 20-something alt-kinda girl, so I'm biased.) It has so many options, especially for a place you would think is "just" hot dogs. They have a ton of great vegan options, including a vegetarian/vegan special every Thursday. They have THE best plate in Rochester, and that's saying something, because I think every restaurant tries to do one. (My suggestions for a side option - the home fries. Best ever.) Not only is it the best, but they have a vegan version too. (The burger version isn't some wimpy thin Boca burger, either, which I love.) Don't listen to any of the other reviews - the food rules, it's pretty cheap, and the atmosphere is great. Just don't expect to go there at 7 on a Saturday night and get your family a boatload of food within 5 minutes. :P
Diggity Dogitty goodness I can't believe I haven't written sooner. Boston Terrier, Pit Bull delicious! They take all good things and put them on quality wieners nestled in a soft yet crispy toasted french bread pillow. Sides are good too, fries come out crisp, beans and mac salad tasty. Hots/Burgers places I always go for a burger, this is the only hots place that actually dresses them up for a night on the town, pats them on the behind and says behave yourself out there. And CHEEP!
I've never wanted to go to Nick Tahou's after getting the Junkyard Dog Plate. Dogtown is fun, clean and the food is tasty and satisfying.  I've gotten delicious individual Dogs, but I usually get the Plate.  I enjoy the vegetarian hots with mac salad, sweet potato fries, onions, mustard and the vegetarian hot sauce (a savory 3-bean chili).  They usually have a pie from a bakery that employs disabled people which is really fresh.  not like a wegman's pie.  The crusts are perfectly flaky and the fillings are very yummy.  If they have a fruit pie I make sure to get some.  and I only will eat desserts worth eating.  They have soups too.  They sound good, but I've never tried them.  the menu expands beyond hots.  I recall cheesesteaks, sausages and  more.  they have their full menu online.  I hope some day they start serving beer.   The dining area is simple and comfortable.  They also have outdoor seating.  They have a dog motif going, hence Dogtown. customers bring in pictures of their dog(s) and post them on the wall. Looking at the doggy photos really passes the time while you wait the 5 minutes for your order.     The staff is friendly and competent, but I swear they are stoned. They haven't got an order wrong in over 2 years though.
Large and creative menu makes this a unique restaurant for Rochester.  I agree with a previous poster who said the service is a little slow.  Small, take-out style "dining room", feels kind of like a pizza parlor.  They do have a customer bathroom. I believe there is a $10 minimum for credit cards so come with cash!
DogTown is the best fast food around.  Really, for the price, it's great.  For $8 or $9 to get a lunch in a major city is a damn good deal.  For that money you're getting about 2 dogs and a drink, or a dog, a side, and a drink. I have tried about 15 different hot dogs here.  They're always good, service is fast and efficient, and even during lunch they are friendly. I've never "eaten in", I always get it to go.  But the place is usually packed at lunch time.
I first started coming here over a year and half ago when I read an article about the place in the City paper.  Since then I've probably been here more times than I can count, partially due to it's close to proximity to an old office of mine, but mostly due to their awesome food.   Their menu consists of a large selection of hot dogs with special toppings.  I know at least one friend of mine has made it it's personal quest try all of the offerings, but I myself like to stick with what I know.  So my dog of choice is the Golden Retriever which is a hot dog piled with melted cheese and my favorite of food's bacon.  One of the signature things about Dog Town is their eschewing of hot dog buns in favor of specially made french bread hot dog containment systems.  It really makes a difference in my humble opinion.   The place itself is a little on the small side, but they've recently renovated for a bit more space I think and in the summer months there is ample outdoor seating and even to go offerings.  I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great hot dog.
Some would call it blasphemy, but the garbage plates here are much better than Tahou's. The neighborhood is also much nicer.    The staff is nice, and the inexpensive food comes out quickly. They focus mainly on hotdogs, but their menu is extensive and has a lot of vegetarian options.
Really good hot dawgs! I had an Irish Setter: corned beef, cheese, kraut, and "Russian dressing". Try the white dogs, supposedly a Rochester delicacy. Possibly the best hot dog I've ever had.
Hands down the best Plate in Rochester, which would also be the best in the world as no place can make them like Rochester. Love the dog combinations when i'm not in the mood for a plate. If you are from out of town and you want to experience a garbage plate, look no further than dogtown
I guess I don't get it.  They're hot dogs.  I'm not sure what I was expecting.  Maybe I was expecting to redefine my perception of what a hot dog should be.  I felt kinda dumb once I realized....they are just hot dogs.
I absolutely love this cute, funky place. It is also right down the street from my house and it takes a lot of willpower for me not to eat here everyday. I usually get the Cincinatti Red Dog (red hot, hot sauce and cheese). The rolls are fresh and delicious (portugese?), the hot dogs are grilled to perfection and are incredibly tasty (and local to boot), and the staff are very nice. They also have a nice selection of pops (stewart's for example) which go nicely with the meals. I haven't ventured into other parts of the menu, but one day I will try their junkyard plate because their hot sauce is super delicious. Their fries are super tasty as well...breaded and deepfried which is something I haven't encountered before. Some of the hot dog combinations seem truly obscene, though (rhodesian ridgeback...just look it up). They also have a veggie dog option, and veggie chili. I am told by my veggie friend that his hot dog was very good. Highly recommended!
* Edited 1/14/12* please see BOTTOM of review for update. I have updated so I can be fairer. But it still didn't change me rating. I have had DogTown a few times. In the summer usually.  I like the idea, I liked the food..but I wasn't enormously impressed. Perhaps I need to get something fancier than what I had.  I did have a snouzer? with sauerkraut....was good.  But, I wish the hot dogs were bigger. The bun buries the dog...and most choices look and seem underwhelming and not really cheap.  It's a cool spot in the summer but for value, I would stay away unless you get a garbage plate type dish or you will be hungry.  I did like the taste of the Caribbean on the menu....but like I said , I simply think it's not a good value for the money.  I know they are using zweigles (Rochester's own) and it has a local taste...but I want a fat dog for the money I am spending. I don't like to pay for a bun and condiments. *I was in and out quickly and I didn't pay a lot of attention to the 'other' options in regards to the hot dogs these offer. I was wrong to think they only served zweigles. They do have a $.50 upgrade option for a BIGGER frank.  There ya have it.
Excellent for hot dog lovers - very little seating, but worth the wait or a few tables outside. Menu is huge - lots of choices for a variety of hot dogs and toppings. Sweet potato fries are also great.
We visited Dogtown on a day trip to Rochester. My girlfriend had hyped it up to be this amazing place, but the "loaded frie"s were loaded with a lot of grease at the bottom of the cardboard basket they came in, and the hotdogs (I got the cincinatti red dog, she got the one with sour kraut and corned beef) were pretty good, but again, very greasy (Hers less so than mine--we tried both). I know it's kind of a hole in the wall place but the reviews played it off to be something more. I'd definitely go back and try for something lighter--perhaps that wouldn't be as greasy.
I love this place! I usually order take out after a late night at work enjoy a burger and fries from here. This place is authentic burgers and fries at a decent price. The counter girls are also friendly and know what they're doing.
the only reason that prevents me from giving this place a five star is the long wait during busy hours. I understand they are busy, but sometimes the wait can be 10+ minutes for your hot dog to be ready. But the wait is worth it because the dogs are that good.
This is what I dream about in Rochester.  One of the best veggie burgers I've ever had.  Great home fries. Quick, efficient service.  And only about a 3 minute detour on the way to the airport...
Dogtown has the best plates in Rochester.  The meat sauce is really good, very similar to Cincinnati chili (if only they would put it on spaghetti here with some cheese).  But the staff is great, the food is great, the french bread is a perfect touch (way better than white bread or cheap dinner rolls at other hots places) and the hot dogs are pretty good too.
We were looking for a good place to eat near the George Eastman House and based on the reviews, chose Dogtown. We were not disappointed! The food and service were great, despite how packed the place was. There are 2 things I'd warn folks about - they do have a lovely outdoor seating area, but their indoor dining space is tiny, much like that of a sub shop - takeout is great, especially if you call ahead, but if you're there at the end of December and planning to eat in, be ready to hover for seats for a while. The other thing is that we had a picky child with us who doesn't like hot dogs or burgers as it turned out, which is pretty much all there is at DT - we were able to easily request a grilled cheese sandwich instead, which was awesome! Thanks Dogtown - we'll be coming back again for sure!!
Worst thing about Dogtown is size. It is too small. The building fits about 20 people. Outdoor seating is available for the three months during summer that eating outside won't send you on a hypothermia-induced trip to the hospital. The parkin's also bad. The small parking lot of this restaurant usually doesn't fit all the customers' cars and is a pain to navigate during peak hours. So why five stars? Once you get past the entrance, the restaurant is great. The food is flavorful, filling and vegetarian/vegan options are available. I make it a point to get a side of sweet potato fries every visit because I don't think I've seen them elsewhere in Rochester. I usually grab a portobello sandwich without cheese though I've had a vegan hotdog before. I think was a field roast sausage with some vegetable toppings. The walls are decorated with pictures of dogs from previous customers which are always nice to see. Overall, Dogtown is great if you need a cheap place where everyone can find something to enjoy, vegans and omnivores alike...as long as you don't go during peak hours.
I downloaded yelp a few days ago before me and my wife had to go to Rochester . Wanted to try something new while we were there. All I can say is WOW what a great hidden gem . Very creative menu ! Service was great and fast. Food was excellent ! If your in the area it's a must stop! Lunch for under $20
I love their veggie hot dogs! They'll put al kinds of toppings on them. The soup is great too!
Absolutely amazing, you cannot go wrong here. The gourmet hot dogs, home fries, their hot sauce and plates are absolutely the best in Rochester!!! Even their onion rings, sandwiches and french fries are all top notch. And they have a giant selection of gourmet hot dogs that are all served on delicious french bread. The service is speedy and the wait staff is very friendly. Only complaint might be that they can be very crowded around lunch time if you want to sit inside, and the parking lot can be full around the same time.
BEST HOT DOGS EVER!!!  I decided to take my husband for dinner at dogtown after reading the reviews, and we were not disappointed.  The staff were friendly and our order came quickly!  We ate outside and enjoyed the atmosphere.  I had the greek dog which was super tasty and the sweet potato fries (next time I will ask them to hold the cinnamon sugar).  My only problem with this place is their lack of fountain soda - fountain soda would have completed my experience.   If you're in town, stop in to dogtown.
I order the Greek Stray with a vegetarian italian sausage. The sweet potato fries & onion rings are good. Their portions are very filling. My belly always hurts afterwards. I believe they use local bread for their buns. Great prices. Friendly staff. They have outdoor seating out front. Vegetarian friendly!
I vote for this every year in the Best of Rochester and it should win several categories, including best place for a vegetarian to go.  The veggie dogs are the best in the city!  And while you wait, you can look at possibly over a hundred pictures of adorable dogs.  Dog town is one of my go-to places in Rochester when I'm not sure what I want to eat.  They never fail.
still love dog town, but heartburn so bad. every time.
Went in with 2 friends and my daughter (6months). Ordered a sausage with peppers and onions. Was so excited to get it on that french bread everyone raves about on here, I have been before to dogtown and got a hot dog. I was dissapointed to get my sausage on what looked like to be Cibatta bread. I wil ask for my sausage next time on there traditional hot dog bread. Great place. The french fries were suprisingly good. Would like to see more 2 dog combos. One never seems enough!
I am so glad I live near this place. I don't eat beef or pork, so I sometimes get a veggie dog "Greek Stray," but I honestly don't really like the veggie dogs. I eat it for the bread and condiments.  Really my favorite meal is when I order the portabella mushroom sandwich, mac salad, and French fries. I have grown out of my midnight college eating  habits, but once in a while on a weekend I can't help but have a second dinner there since they are open late and the food is so enticing after a long week at work.
Chili on anything is good, not dry and has alot of kick, good place to go for a late night snack
This place is definitely a good place to check out if you are vegan/vegetarian. I had the fake sausage sandwich and also the regular veggie dog with toppings of your choice. I wasn't as big on the fake sausage as much as I was on the veggie dog, but it is good that they have such options! The veggie dog can be substituted for any of their choices, which is awesome, too. Very nice people working when I was there, also.
Dogtown has some solid items, but its prices are a little steep for the amount of food you get sometimes, and I could go for more veggies in the mix (a lot to ask of a hot dog place, I know). The best choices are the sweet potato fries and the vegetarian garbage plate--who would have imagined a vegetarian garbage plate could be so good? My main, somewhat irrational gripe: the pork "Chicago style" hot dog. Uh-uh, guys. I didn't spend 18 years in Chicago to have my city's reputation besmirched by a non-beef dog. Major faux pas.
Their vegan options are great. They have wonderful burgers that are always changing. the BEST sweet potato fries I've ever had. Their portobello sandwiches are also great!
Dogtown is awesome. Huge selection, amazing toppings, and all around awesome hot dogs. They also had great strawberry rhubarb pie last time I was there, though I'm not sure if that's a regular thing. I have yet to try their version of the garbage plate, but I doubt I'll be disappointed. Love the vegetarian options too!
I love their garbage plates. I'm a CA girl (so I wasn't raised on these things) but they do have the best plates in ROC. Extra points for offering veggie options! Prices aren't bad either.
a incredibly powerful wet dream for any stoner, bike enthusiast or dog lover.  This place can kick Pinks Hotdogs in Hollywood to the curb in back. Nothing is on par with this sexy establishment.  A massive menu of tasty wiener sandwiches named after different breeds of dogs, pictures of dogs plastered about the walls and the perfect meeting spot to ride a bicycle with a bunch of crazy awesome strangers.  One of my biggest regrets of moving to LA is leaving this place behind. How I wish I could of fit you in my suitcase when I left, and if you are not a dog lover...well you can go eat a fistful of industrial installation because I hate your face. Miss you!
Instead of going to Marks or Gitsis after a night out on the town, go here. It was tasty, the people were nice, and the prices were good.
Love love love this place.  All the dogs are delicious and their garbage plate is the best in Rochester.  The staff is always friendly.
Best hotdog in Rochester! My favorite is currently the doberman...sauerkraut and dijon mustard on a hot dog. Place is small but generally clean with happy and friendly employees who actually know how to smile. Most of the dogs and burgers can be made with a vegetarian alternative, so safe for you and all your buddies.
Their motto says it all, "where the best dogs live."
Last time I was there (2006 probably) the dogs were great, all kinds of different ones to enjoy.  Price was a little steep though.
All Dogs may go to Heaven. This place for hot dogs is heaven on earth. The Greek Stray, Coyote and Tex-Mex Mutt are my favorite items and always order it with a side of sweet potatoes fries. I try to replicate the fries at home and I always do an epic fail. The sweet potatoes are the best I ever had. The success of this place is the owner's attention to details. Everything is well thought out and works perfectly (Kinda like every Honda I ever owned.) The toppings are always fresh and the bread from Martusciello's makes you an instant addict from the first bite. Some people may complain that items are pricey. Ignore that. The fresh ingredients are well worth the prices they charge. Ironically, their Mushroom Swiss Burger may be their best kept secret.
Great food and tons of vegetarian options. Love the mac salad.
A regular for our office crew. An astonishing variety of offerings. I have never had a bad meal there yet. Their plates, burgers, dogs, sausages, fries and homefries are all top-notch.
Best hot dogs in Rochester
Dogtown is the best place in Rochester to get hotdogs, and home of one of the better garbage plates in town.  The place has a unique atmosphere with walls covered in pictures of peoples' dogs.  There's always people inside but it doesn't take too long to get your food.
I love Dogtown! When you're driving around on a Saturday afternoon and you want a delicious lunch on the cheap: Dogtown. When you don't feel like making dinner but you don't want the hassle of a fancy restaurant: Dogtown. If you're hungry: Dogtown! Love the Caribbean wild dog...
I come here everytime I go to Rochester. Good service and good food. My friends and I always manage to get a table either inside or outside. I get junkyard dogs with hot dogs(french fries and baked beans or mac salad depending on my mood) and my friend gets with the cheeseburgers( frnch fries and home fries). My cousin get hers with veggie burgers which I don't like but she loves. They are all best with no onions thrown on top though.
A tiny little joint that's been other restaurants in various incarnations, Dogtown is a godsend in this area.   I'm sure you may have read the other reviews -- the one thing that sets Dogtown's plates apart from others is the homefries.  Rather than the usual cubed, slightly firm taters, theirs are incredibly crunchy, due to whatever coating it is that they're using.  They're addictive, though on occasion difficult to get a plastic fork through.  This doesn't detract, though. The atmosphere is friendly and very cool; every time I've gone in, there's been some kind of homemade dessert (pie, cake) available for sale, though I haven't indulged. I definitely recommend this place, and would go back.
Absolutely love this place! It's wonderful in the summer, when you can sit out on the patio. It's small, but the food is so worth it! Love the fries! The help is awesome! Also, parking can be kind of a pain.
For a hot dog place it's pretty good, and the dogs are pretty good.  Your standard dive with decent food.  Vegans and Vegetarians usually love the place due to them being able to substitute a tofu dog for the beef hot dog.
A lot variety in their menu. Huge number of toppings for their dogs. Food is delicious and should appeal to all taste buds. Price is very reasonable. Not to much room inside for groups bigger than 3 or 4 people but take out is offered.
Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  They were busy, but not too crowded.  The restaurant itself is pretty small, but has cool pics of dogs on the walls.  The french bread as a bun idea is one I haven't seen before but was very tasty. Service was fast and the dogs were great, we had fun figuring out which dogs to order, ended up with a greek and a german both were excellent. We would dine here again!
I don't even like hot dogs - but I love Dog Town's!  'Nough said.
Great hot dog joint that has never disappoints. French fries rock too. Will prepare the dogs pretty much any way that you want and they also have vegetarian options. Several different toppings/styles of dogs to choose from. Staff is top notch, fast friendly service.
Went there on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm and there were only 4 seats open. Casual atmosphere, no table service (order at the counter), menu on the wall, relaxed sort of place. It was too cold for the outdoor seats to be open (it's only April), but it was warm inside. Parking was slim pickings as the hair salon next door owned the several spaces to the left as you enter. The girl at the counter seemed actually happy to be there and answered my questions pleasantly even though it was obvious we were asking the same ones that hundreds of others had asked, too. I got Junkyard Plate with vegetarian Italian sausage (yum), DogTown Home Fries (more like deep fried potato chunks with seasoning than traditional grilled home fries) and baked beans. My wife ordered the Mongrel with DogTown Home Fries. Both of us agreed that we prefer either regular home fries or french fries to these. Service was fast, and the food was hot. While the vegetarian options definitely suited the non-meat-eater in me, they were anything but healthy (didn't expect them to be, though). Mine needed hot sauce (standard options available), but my wife's was great as-is. We didn't leave hungry! Plenty of food, and for $20 with two 20-oz bottled sodas, it was reasonably priced in my opinion. We'd go again, but I'd probably order something a little less filling. And not the DogTown Home Fries.
Everyone's happy everytime we go here! Whenever guests visit us, we go here - old or young, vegetarian, gluten free... EVERYONE loves it! Prices are great, the menu has tons of creative options at reasonable prices. It's small inside and has a nice patio also. They can move a line, but we've never felt rushed there at a busy time, either.
Love this place. It's a hipster little joint with some yummy, cravable hotdogs. You order at the counter from a large list of hotdogs, all named after breeds of dogs. It's cute, but they don't disappoint. The fries are amazing and the hotdog buns are super crispy and yummy. Love this place, especially in the summer, because when it's winter, it tends to get really cold in there. Not a lot of seating, but this place is worth a try. You'll see a lot of bike kids at this place, because (this place is so easygoing) they let a large Wednesday bike ride meet and leave from their parking lot. Good people watching, good food :)
Several drunken nights years ago I ventured in here pretty late. I use to live in the house right behind this location. It is a top quality place. I can't recall what I ordered the times I went because its been maybe three or four years but I do know it was good stuff. I like the name and location. I will be back.
Ate here while visiting a friend for the weekend. I don't eat meat, so I opted for a veggie burger. It was, by far, THE best veggie burger I've ever had in my whole life and believe me, I've had a ton! The bread was also spectacular. The place is small but the decor (tons of pictures of dogs) made up for the cramped space! Wish I lived closer than 5 hours away cause I'd be a regular here, without a doubt.
Favorite cheap go-to. Vegan Friendly, too!
A cult place to eat but everything I can eat there (vegetarian) comes seems to come from a can or freezer. The Vege dogs are standard fair, the chili is nasty. The fries are mediocre. Out it all together into a garbage plate and you end up w a slightly slimy mixture of blandness. Perfect when rushed unless you can't get through the door. College student heaven.
The best place for hot dogs in Rochester and cheap too!  I'm a big fan of the Chicago Bulldog which I think is as good as some in Chicago.  The bun that is used here is AWESOME, and I honestly think it's just a baguette/batard (really crusty outside, soft inside) that is split lengthwise.  Regardless, every hot dog shop should have these.  The sweet potato fries are also fantastic.
If you like hot dogs, a treat to visit. I think it's more fun to read the menu, there are so many options - all these quirky varieties of the original hot dog sandwich. It's a good place to pick up a bite to eat and the expansive menu includes veggie and other dietary alternatives, which is nice. The bread is really good, not the typical puffy bun. The burgers are juicy, too.
Great place to get a quick bite. Cute decor inside and out. Love that they have veggie dogs, but would like to see a non-beef option as well (turkey dogs maybe?). They use fresh bread which really makes their food stand out as exceptional in the fast-food/ hots genre, in my opinion.
Went there every chance I got when I was in Rochester. The french bread and the gourmet take on a common food is just amazing. Well done!
Great hot dogs, a large variety and many can be made vegetarian.  A definite good place if you're near it.
A really creative place! The food is good. A place I keep coming back to
Affordable and delicious! I love the Coyote! Don't forget an order of the sweet potato fries!
Their variety makes Dogtown stand out, their quality and unique bread make them the best!!!!
