Clean and affordable. It really does appear to be a judgement-free zone, although you should really just ignore anyone who ever judges you while working out because you're not in fantastic shape. I didn't know what a 'lunk' was before coming here. Guess it's a steroid junky that walks around and flaunts how great they look at the gym. Whatever. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because there aren't individual changing stalls after showering, like I've seen at other gyms. It's literally high school gym class all over again. I shower at home and use body wipes, deodorant wipes, facial wipes and dry shampoo after working out.
This gym is cheap. Thats really all it has going for it. Because its cheap, you have to come here early in the morning or late at night to actually find a machine. The reason being the long island douchebags living a mere forty feet away in "UP"...They just need to roll out of bed, walk a few feet before they're back in their natural habitat... sitting on the machines and take up space doing nothing/talk for hours on end before hitting five guys. It's better than sitting in the rooms at UP all day. They smell like feet, vodka and prefabricated wood. Aside from the lack of space for many hours of the day and the douchey crowd, there's the problem of customer service. i tried to cancel my membership over the phone a year ago. At the time they said no problem. I left to go home to the city. But i kept getting billed. At first I didn't notice. After all, it's only ten bucks a month, and who under 25 balances a checkbook? Lesson Learned.   After over 8 months, finally my account was overdrawn (by these assholes). When I tried to put a stop order on my account, HSBC said "well, you shouldn't have given them your account information!" One of the major catches of joining this cheap gym is that unlike in the city - where a mere Debit or Credit Card is enough to join mostly any gym - this franchise forces you to hand over a voided cheque before you can get your membership. This gives them your routing and account numbers, and they have your money by the balls. When i asked why they had continued withdrawing money, i was told i must come in in person to cancel. So, after closing my bank account with HSBC (which was very pleasant actually - they were understanding and waived $183 of late fees on account of how they came about ) PF biled me. These ones were the pink, obnoxious "YOU OWE ME MONEY" ones, AND they had collection services CALLING MY HOME PHONE. For twenty dollars which they were "unable to collect" This is when I call customer services and tell them to suck my sandy arabian c8ck. I came all the way up from nyc to cancel. I get there and random southern tier white guy cheerfully tells me that no, my account WAS "cancelled" months ago. Almost a year ago in fact. That "Balance" is simply "to be paid IF YOU WISH TO RE ACTIVATE YOUR ACCOUNT WITH US, SIR" WHAT THA=E FLYING MOTHERF$(ING F#)K I'm out almost three hundred bucks because of these tools, and that's only since I left. And that's after Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corp. held me down hard after I was a good customer since it was First Republic... Even after I fucked up my Money Market Acct. After I spent all of my savings  on my car, my checking on books, food, rent... all of my CD on a backpacking trip to Japan & China,...and opium in a tin roofed shack amidst driving monsoon rain on an island in southeast asia..
This gym is not as well-equipped as the average hotel-chain gym. Do not join this gym if you plan on performing the following exercises: ... bench press ... incline bench press ... squat (w/o Smith rack) ... dead lift ... straight-leg dead lift ... preacher curl ... any exercise involving standard bar ... any exercise involving E-Z curl bar ... any exercise involving short bar Planet Fitness has removed ALL EQUIPMENT for free-weight exercises except dumb bells and a few Smith racks. A paltry number of benches are available for dumb bell exercises, but be prepared to wait. On the other hand, if you would like to bask in a glowing red light or sit in a massage chair while watching a football game, this is the gym for you. Planet Fitness used to be a great gym, but it is no more. All of the heavily-used free-weight equipment has been removed. If you would like to get in shape or stay in shape, look elsewhere.
This place is a joke. At one point it was "OK", but over the years it's hard to get in a good workout, unless you plan on being a hamster on a treadmill. I left shortly after being yelled at by an off-the-clock employee, because I happened to "drop" some heavy-weight dumbbells from the height of about 1-foot after doing some flat benches. Would they rather I tore a muscle trying to ease it down, or are they encouraging me to lift easier weights?  (It would seem the case as of late, since their gym model basically only wants people who aren't easily intimidated by actual fit people.) I'm far from a muscle head, but their marketing campaign is demeaning to the average weight-lifter. And now that they've gotten rid of half of their free-weights including barbells, I have no intentions of going back. The only thing it really ever had going for it was their price. You get what you pay for.
Planet Fitness' marketing campaign is that it's for the average Joe and Jane, so you're not going to be able to do the things that muscle heads do. However, if you want a decent workout, this is the place to be.  They recently put in new machines. This location in particular is bigger than some other Planet Fitness I've seen in the city.  It's actually quite nice and it's cheap!  I'd rather sweat it out here than at other places where you have to pay a premium of $50 plus a month.
No frills gym.   Very clean and there are always open treadmills.  (You had me at hello?) For $10 a month and a low yearly fee, c'est parfait.
No judging? No grunting? No sweating? Seriously..... what's a point to have a gym pass then?... lunk alarm? what idiot thought of that? The only good thing about this gym is the mass abundance of BU girls that go their, so if your a creep and don't actually go to the gym to work out this is a perfect place for you. Oh yea the manager is cute but doesn't make up for her bad attitude, so try to have a little fun with that if your there. But if you go to the gym to work out go down the parkway.
Nothing beats 24hrs and showers. I showed up at 10:30 was out by 1:00 am. Very clean and the staff is friendly. I was able to park my rig easy because of the time.
Cheap and clean gym, just wish they would bring back bench press (free weight). Free pizza once a month is strange, but I'm ok with it.
