This is my go to neighborhood bar...Outside seating is great when the weather is warm and like when you can grill hotdogs and hamburgers for a dollar.  I tend to come during strange/off times since it can get way too crowded  for my taste.
One of the strangest, yet coolest places in Rochester. It definitely has a hipster vibe. The backyard has plenty of seating and whimsical string lights. Inside there are odd things on the wall, weird tables, and bizarre figurines, as well as couches and chairs. I went on a Tuesday night when they had $2 PBRs and free PB&J (kinda sketchy but a nice gesture). This place also has movie nights and game nights. I enjoyed myself here! It's definitely worth checking out, but this isn't your typical bar/lounge, so just be aware of that. The atmosphere is much different than the bars on East and Alexander.
I used to be so anti lux, because I heard that it had a super hipster vibe. But a friend demanded that I go there, so I gave it a shot and am glad I did. Yes, it's pretty hipster at times but all kinds are welcome. You never know what you're going to run into here. My most recent visit was for my birthday and we had a blast. If you tell the door guy it's your birthday and show your id they'll give you a thing for a free drink. They have different specials every night of the week, my favorite being the pbr and pbj night. How can you go wrong with 1 dollar pbrs and free peanut butter jelly sandwiches. I don't even eat them but still think it's a fantastic idea. They also have a signature special on this night called the pabst smear. You get a pabst blue ribbon and a shot of the bartenders choosing for $2.50. It's kind of a Russian roulette deal with the shot though, you never know what you're going to get. Last time I was here, they even had a huge game of twister going on. So much fun. The bar itself is pretty big, with a comfy corner with couches. There's weird/eclectic artwork everywhere. And the bathrooms have chalkboard walls, and you're encouraged to share your words of wisdom. They also have a huge outdoor area with lots of picnic tables for seating and a fire to sit around for chillier nights. Only reasons I gave it 4 stars are because the parking situation can get pretty annoying as they only have street parking. Also, on busier nights it can take a bit to get a drink at the bar.   On a final note, this is THE place to go for Halloween. I've been going for a couple of years now, and if you want to see creative costumes.. This is where they'll be.
Like others before me have already said, Lux is distinguished by its variety in clientele and venue. There are board games, a fire pit, outdoor tables, a pool table, and even a small dance area. Oh, and some of their furniture is quite distinguished, you'll find out when you get there. The atmosphere is pretty comfortable, but it starts getting pretty crowded closer to midnight. Contrary to what at least one other reviewer has said, I never felt uncomfortable or out of place, despite it being my first time at the place. I enjoyed people-watching and seeing a group of people I don't normally see at other bars like Tap and Mallet, Acme, Mex, or the Old Toad. I went with my friends from school for an early night out on Saturday (we all had work the next day). I think everyone was pretty happy with their drinks, and had a great time playing board games for most of the night.
BYOV (bring your own vinyl) night on Wednesdays - Greg spins and Courtney makes the best drinks - what a pair!
Lux is an interesting bar. There aren't many bars in Rochester like it and the closest thing would be The Bug Jar on Monroe. However there is no live music at lux. Just a jukebox which has a great assortment of music. You will find a very eclectic crowd here with the majority of people who have piercings and tattoos.  However, all types of clientele come here. They have a fire pit out back which is great if you are a smoker or want to smell campfire.  They have interesting events throughout the week like peanut butter and jelly night, arts and crafts night, movie night, dance contest night (thurs, I won once $10 in lux dollars), etc. Its a great bar. The only negative I can say about it is that sometimes the people are weird and bartenders can be slow or grumpy. The bathroom is a small one unit as well.
Heaven on earth. Andy and Anthony rule and the art is always stellar
Oh Lux, you so crazy. You always have Halloween decorations up, but it's not always Halloween. You have weird ads, craft nights, a big backyard, and lots of other strange happenings. Go home Lux, you're drunk. But seriously, Lux is a fun place to hang out, grab a drink, and chill with a different crowd. It's like hipster meets punk meets freakshow. But in a good way?
Only at Lux. Walk out the back and find...  a fire pit, picnic tables, a hammock?  Are kidding me?!  And that ring on a string game, whatever it's called.  Drunken bonding encouraged.  This place is kinda nuts, and totally unique.  And I'm not just talking about the bizarre decor. Cheap drinks.  Is that really all you can say?  Straight from the website, check out the specials  as of March 2013: Daily  -  "The Pabstsmear"   Pabst and a shot $3 Sunday  -  "Bloody's Bangers & Beer/BYOB"   Bloody Mary Bar / Bangers (sausage) and dogs for a buck / Buckets 'O Beer Monday  -  "Arts and Crafts Night"   Scissors, glue, and $1 off all drafts Tuesday  -  "BPR / PBJ Night"   Free PB&Js, $1 PBRs, and Twisted Trivia at midnight Wednesday   -   "B-Movie Backyard Bonanza"   Free movie, $3.00 Wicked Wheel, $2.75 well drinks, $2 Buds Thursday  -  "Sit-N-Spin Night/Dance Contest"   Roulette specials that change every hour / Midnight Dance Craze contest Friday  -  "Slap-Happy Hour"   $2 drafts and $2.75 well drinks from 9pm-11pm Saturday  -  "Cheap Date Night"   Get to Lux early!  $2.75 well drinks from 9pm-11pm Go to their website and click on the specials for further explanation.  The crowd is chill, friendly, diverse.  I mean, for a college town bar.  Only wish it were a little closer to home.  Considering I'm in Hawaii I guess it'd have to be a lot closer.  I'll be back one day.
Lux is the best.  Not for everyone, but if you are open minded and love interesting conversation, Lux is a place you have to check out. Full back yard with a fire usually going, even many days during the winter; regular events for holidays and other special occasions that serve as a reason to get together over a drink; friendly and interesting bartenders and patrons, some with more attitude than others but all generally good-natured. Particularly if you love tattoos and Pabst, you'll love Lux.  Not for everyone, but perfect for what it is.
Lux has cheap drinks, great outdoor space for the two-minute Rochester summer, and some really unique decor, like myriads of decapitated naked baby dolls.   That being said, I'd never say to my friends, "Hey, let's go to Lux tonight!"  I'm way more of a Tap or Dicky's kinda girl.  I love that there are tons of board games at Lux, but I'd like them a lot more if I'd ever actually seen anyone play them.  Perhaps I just don't go at the right time at for that? Lux is the kind of place where I will always be out-of-place.  Granted, I am the least hipster person you will ever meet, but I actually felt kind of odd wearing an outfit that more resembled clothing than a costume.  The group that came from the Prohibition Party in flappers dresses and tweed vests, on the other hand, fit right in.  But now that I think about it, there probably isn't a better bar in Rochester for Halloween.
Lux is...well, it's Lux. It's great. I'd rather be here than most bars in this city. No thrills, fancy dance floor or gimmicks. It's a comfortable neighborhood bar with patrons that belong there. Large chill outside with fire-pit and several tables. Very friendly people both work and frequent here. Music is always changing and is composed of things you will never hear on the radio, and I for one , like that. Yeah it's decorated sort of unusually with darker elements and an underlying goth/hipster/pagan thing but it works. If it isn't your thing, cool go to Monroe have and make space at the bar.
The drinks are well made when you can shove your way through the throngs of chattering hipsters to the bar itself. Usually too loud and crowded, I think when I graduated college I outgrew this bar.
Lux is not for everyone. Do not go for attentive bartenders... go for cheap drinks, bonfires, arts and crafts and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. It's not to say all their bartenders have a bad attitude but some of them do in a charming sort of way. The atmosphere is laid back. People pretty much mind their business there. They'd probably hate the hipster label and I'd agree, it just isn't quite right. PBRs and Genny Bock are good choices. I love hanging out in the backyard and laying in the hammock on a nice night.
Good old fashioned dive bar. Perfect to grab a drink after work. You get everything you want and expect from your experience. Interesting people, fairly priced drinks. And the decorations give it an edge that are a cut above the rest.
Love this joint.  Very trendy and hipster, yet very comfortable with a community based atmosphere.  The service is great and the beers are tasty.
Huh.  You'd think that a place located at street number 666 with devils all over the place and phenomenal local art hanging on the walls would be very appealing to a horror artist like me.  For the most part, Lux is what it purports to be: a bar, a gathering place...but it's lacking in a few areas. First, the bartenders.  What a bunch of unfriendly jackasses.  No smiles, and they often ignore patrons who end up standing there for long periods of time while they yuk it up with their buddies.  Just a bunch of jerks, period. Second, the bouncer at the front.  When my group got there, this awesome African American guy was bouncing the door.  He was singing Fleetwood Mac with us and was generally a nice guy.  But then he left, and this middle aged white dude sat there.  My friend was verbally assaulted by a drunk guy who approached our group, and when she asked him to please leave us alone, he proceeded to get in her face and tell her he was going to beat her and then have sex with her (in less than those pleasant terms).  The bouncer, who was sitting right next to us, did nothing.  I'm positive the other guy would have been chucking this A-hole out the door toot-sweet.  Way to protect your patrons, Lux! Beer selection is decent, and they have the typical bar setup.  They don't open til 9 pm, so don't even try to get there earlier than that (the dude didn't actually unlock the door to let us and the growing group of patrons in until after 9, but whatever).  It gets crowded fast, and standing there waiting for a drink only to be ignored is annoying.   Get friendlier and more attentive bartenders and less clueless bouncers and perhaps you'll get a better review, Lux.
This place is great! I don't live in Rochester anymore, so I only stop by once or twice a year, but its my go-to when I'm in town. I love that they are always open on Christmas Eve and Christmas day, two days I'm always in Rochester visiting family, so I know there's some place I can hang out with old friends. They have some amazing hot cider in the winter, and I love the firepit out back during the summer. Definitely a great  vibe and great bartenders whenever I go!
Writing this review a year ago, I would have given it FIVE STARS! But, my, have times changed, and the bar that used to be the "hipster bar" and then the eclectic neighborhood joint that I knew and loved is now a fully-discovered mainstream bro-down where the East End crowd comes to steal our women. That neighborhood vibe is still there mid-week, as is the free pizza, but avoid this place like the plague on the weekend.
So, apparently, I'm the Duke of Lux.  Having earned this achievement, I feel as though I should have some superior wisdom about this establishment at 666 South Ave.  I don't.  In fact, my thoughts on Lux mirror those on the Yankees or that blonde girl in my 11th grade English class: "don't hate me because I'm popular." Lux is really a one-of-a-kind place in Rochester.  In Portland, Oregon or New York, this place might come across as cliché, but here in the 585, Lux is an original.  A haven from the d-bagery common in so many other bars.  No televisions, so you actually have to enjoy the music and, you know, talk to people. Where Lux really shines, of course, is in its specials and theme nights.  Pretty much, any night has a theme that makes me say "hey, we should go to Lux tonight for x night."  $1 burgers and cheap buckets on Sundays.  Arts and crafts Monday.  Trivia Tuesday.  $3 wheel of drinks Wednesday. (Where you totally could win a pitcher of locally-brewed Kind IPA for $3... or you might get a cheeseburger shot)    And so on.  As someone who enjoys going out, it's nice to be able to have a good night without making my bank account cry.  You can never go wrong with a Pabstsmear.  A shot of whatever and a PBR for $3?  Heck yes.  In fact, I've even been know to go to Lux and get a couple of these while I'm out with my friends at other South Ave bars.   In fact, these good times are already so well-known, it's no wonder so many people like Lux.... and maybe why some people do not.  Namely, two of my best friends with whom I share judgement on most other things.  They've grown up in the Rochester area and hate how Lux has become too crowded, too cliché, and too electic/hipster/goth/whathaveyou.  Does it suck to sometimes wait 10 minutes to get a drink?  Wouldn't it be cool to go back to before Lux got so popular?  Maybe, but so what?  The drinks are worth the wait and it's crowded because it's a good time.   It may no longer be a niche bar, but that just means more people-watching and great conversations, especially on arts and crafts night.
Most bars are no fun at all. They are loud and smoky and full of girls who are so dolled up they look like Exotic Dancer Barbie. Thankfully in NY State no bars have the smoke problem because smoking indoor in public places is illegal.  Normally though, there are still lots of hoochies and frat boys. I don't like hoochies and frat boys. I like normal people. I like the majority of the breasts in the room to be at least partially covered up. I mean I like breasts as much as the next person, I just don't want thousands of them in my face when I'm trying to enjoy my tasty alcoholic beverage. This is why Lux is good. The regulars at Lux don't try too hard, so people watching does not result in burned retinas.  The people at Lux that DO work very hard on their look at least look interesting. The bartenders are pretty nice, especially if you tip. The drinks are good--not so weak as to be useless, but not so strong as to be undrinkable. There are free dumdums on the bar and if you ask they'll give you a big bowl of Chex mix for free. Free food and candy is a big plus for me. That is why Lux gets 5 stars instead of 4. Free, freaking, food. There's a big outdoor area with tables, a fire place, and a hammock. Be careful of the mud, though. The other night I saw at least four people fall in the space of only an hour. And I have it on pretty good authority that at least one of them was stone cold sober.
I'll never be quite hipster enough for Lux. I do think it's a good bar with fun themed nights and a friendly crew of regulars, but somehow I can't help but feel that the hipsters smoking out back downing their PBRs and complaining about injustices in the world or new indie labels in Brooklyn are probably just as stereotypical as the Miller Lite-drinking striped shirt-wearing d-bag at Murphy's Law. People start becoming so hell bent on being "alternative" that suddenly alternative is common. There are many good qualities about Lux, and I've had some great chilled times there with friends in the backyard, which is also a nice place on burn-your-own-burger night. However, for me, I'll never fit into that niche without squeezing uncomfortably into it. If you love PBRs, ciggies, converse sneakers, indie bands and tattoos and are in town for the night.....check out Lux!
This place is a total dive. It's dim, kind of goth, and my hands smelled like feces after touching the bar stool. It's the type of place you go for pbr. that should sum it up for you. Their bathroom is kinda cool. The walls are made of chalk board and there's a stash of chalk for you to write naughty messages or reasons why you support occupy wall street.
In the summertime, Lux was my FAVORITE Rochester bar. Why? Decent prices, awesome specials and themed nights (arts and crafts night, movie night, etc.), rockin' Rochester crowd and the amazing backyard! Where else can you go out, enjoy a Hollywood classic in a backyard and sip on your favorite beer for a decent price? No where! There was never a night when I went to Lux and (a) didn't run into at least 3-4 people that I knew (but hadn't planned on seeing that evening). (b) didn't meet at least 1 new interesting person. (c) didn't get something for free (whether it be popcorn, a drink, pb&j sandwiches, et cetera). Lux also has a great assortment of board games, so if you finish a dinner date a little early, why not head over while it's still crowded and get to know your mate over some Monopoly or Boggle? Lux is located away from the pretentious aura that surrounds the East Ave. bar scene and it radiates it's own gaudy aura of cheap 21 to 28 year olds. At the same time, you're going to meet a pretty diverse crowd of people when you visit this place. They also allow dogs! They've got a pool table and sometimes a fire lit in the back. Lots of people smoke (more than just cigarettes) in the backyard, but they're usually not too obnoxious about it. There is always a wait for the bathroom, but as crowded as it gets, the bathroom is always pretty clean. The bartenders aren't the greatest mixologists...and you will have to flag them down. For example, my best friend and I went there one night and decided to get Cosmopolitans and I think the bartender just through together every clear liquor that he had behind the bar...and then overcharged us...After that I pretty much stuck to simple mixed drinks or draft beers. Lux can get extremely crowded on weekends, but is usually pretty somber and mellow during the week. I think that it's a great place to meet up with friends after work (which I often did) or take someone that you're just getting to know (the weird decorations can make great conversation starters!)...But if you're trying to avoid a certain Rochester native from your past or something, you might not want to visit Lux...I'd vote it, "Most likely to run into your hipster ex-boyfriend."
I love LUX. I went out for my 21st birthday there. I fell in love instantly. if you're the type to go to clubs and wanna dance all night and do that whole, weird glow-stick thing, this probably isn't the place for you. But if you like art, and good music and amazing themed nights then, this is it. I love this bar, and it's actually one of my favorite in Rochester.
Divey, funky, full of a whole cast of characters. It's a great place for fun, laughter and people watching. Add to that the fact that it has a nice outdoor patio and reasonably priced drinks, it makes it one of the best bars to be in when you're in the South Wedge. During the cold months, which is most of the time in Rochester, they have a great outside patio fire to gather around, chat and warm up.
Everyone should go to Lux at least once.  Even people (especially people) who normally dress up in their shiny clothes to go clubbing to top 40 and drink jager bombs and bitch beer.  That's mostly so the rest of us can laugh at you when you walk in, look around, and back out slowly. For anyone else though, Lux is a great Rochester staple.  I've gone so many times, I got sick of it, and now that I'm gone, I kind of miss it.  It absolutely rocks in the winter, when all the smokers congregate out back around the wood stoves and puff furiously to get back inside where its warm.   The beer is crazy cheap, and while you're waiting (drinks can take a while when it's packed) you can check out some of the bar-flair in the back.   While you drink you can check out the pretty sweet selection of board games, get in line for pool, or perv out and play with the fuzzy table.
Oh the Lux I knew and loved, where have you gone? Abrasive new staff, the worst hot apple cider and Jameson I've had to date (uber sugary and barely any alcohol), and the fire pit was condemned so we didn't even have that! Focusing on the atmosphere: the artwork was still swell as always but the crowd who are showing up to Lux is changing a bit (and I don't like it!). Gone are the days where I could have an intelligent conversation with a stranger in that bar... now there are just a bunch of drunken, loudmouthed morons. Last time I dropped in a tried telling myself *maybe* it was terrible because it was New Years break. This time I'm telling myself *maybe* it was terrible because of the St. Patty's day shenanigans earlier in the day. I may just be in denial though...
Really is the perfect bar for a low-key night out. Tons of board games available, and a pool table in the back...and the outdoor seating area is great too. Theme nights are great...Arts&Crafts being my favorite (although everyone else seems to prefer PBR/PBJ night). The spin-and-drink night is pretty fun too. All around great time.
Took my guy and a friend back home this past weekend.. and wanted to show them that Rochester didn't completely suck :-) Well I am not sure if I accomplished that goal.. but we visited Lux Lounge and it was a great place! So chilled and laid back.. but it still managed to have a great sense of style. I loved the art on the walls and the stickers behind the bar. The backyard was great.. it was just a bit too buggy the night we were there. Maybe some citronella is in order! I also really enjoyed their house brew.. yum. All in all I was relieved that Rochester had such a fun bar to offer :-) It maybe even got my hopes up that the bar scene had improved greatly.. until we left and hit up some monstrosity on East and Alexander. Oh well. Live and Learn.
I'm still a fan of Lux but each time I go, Lux seems to be less and less appealing. I know it's not because I'm getting old :p But the lines for the bathroom, even when it's early in the evening and seems pretty dead, are long which is kind of annoying. The patio always seems so smoky I feel like I'm in doors. The staff is nice enough but the last three visits I've been they don't seem very knowledgeable, it's either order a beer or a common mixed drink or don't bother :(
Positive: I like the way the place is decorated inside. Good location. Negative: The backyard is big & has a fire, though it is always extremely crowded & filled with cigarette smoke. There is always a wait for the bathroom. The bartenders are not friendly. The music is really loud, so it is tough to have a conversation indoors.
How have I never reviewed Lux? My Winchester of Rochester! My Home away from home?! I  am dumbfounded.  What can't I saw about this bar? I have been a steady patron whenever I am in rochester since around 2005, a few years after Karey opened the doors. I was sitting in Javas working on a paper and and old high school friend who worked at the salon across the street happened to be stopping in for a coffee on her break. We caught up on old times and she asked why I was at Java's. My answer was something along the lines of good people, good drinks, cool atmosphere. She then asked me if I had ever heard of Lux, which I thought was something Jewish people spread on their bagels. Fortunately she quickly corrected me and a match was made. Lux is home to hipster's, goths, leather clad bikers, preps and and maybe a few hustlers playin pool. This is the closest thing you'll ever find to Cheers, full of happy familiar faces. Enjoying a $3 Pap Schmere ( a pbr and a house shot) or maybe a cup of hot cider spiced up with a shot of rum in the cooler months. The back yard is a great place to socialise your doggies, they do have to go home at 9 o'clock though. Tuesday is $1 pbr night and free PB&J sandwiches at 9. Wednesday during about half the year the play movies in the back yard and give away free popcorn. Friday there is pizza, Saturday rotating specials, Sunday is the best though. $1 cook your hot dogs/sausage during the day, $1 burgers at night. $5 buckets of Genesee, $3/$6 Bloody Mary bar. A campfire on to keep the smokers warm in the winter and grant a great ambiance to the entire backyard in the summer.   There is truly something for everyone including a snack machine, a cigarette machine, an atm, board games, and $5 Luxables which range from a bagel, crackers and cheese or tortilla chips with guacamole. Lux is the friendliest bar, with the best employees, the greatest owner and the coolest patrons. An Easter Egg hunt every year on Easter? What?! Come to Lux with an open mind and and a good heart and you will be welcomed.
Lux rocks!  They have a very laid back and fun atmosphere.  The interior always has interesting art on the walls- usually from a local artist.  Although the furniture is mismatched-it looks very artsy.  There is a backyard as big as the bar itself (if not bigger) equipped with about a half dozen picnic tables for smokers and just lounging outside.  (In the winter they spark up a fire in the back for daring smokers to keep warm.)  Lux typically has a theme night to keep life interesting around there- PB&J night, Burn Your Own Burger (BYOB), and B-movie night to name a few.  The music would probably be classified more as "alternative" and tending to play a genre of music that is not very mainstream. They are open every day of the week- bartenders are very attentive even in the busiest of times- as with any bar you may need to wait as there are only two bartenders working at one time.  The owner also shows care and concern for how well the bar is running and making sure folks are happy and safe.   I was so relieved to find Lux as it reminded me of my favorite hang out back home..it really gave me a "I'm finally home" kind of feel.  Finally!  A bar that understands the artsy-fartsy me!
This place is cool, but it is not for everyone. The place is very trendy, and if your not into the trendy scene, then don't go here because you will be very annoyed at the stereotypes you will see. Anyhow, the place is decorated very nicely and you can meet some pretty cool people. They also have an outdoor aspect in the back which is very appealing and nice during the summer because you can have a fire and have some pretty cool random conversations. The bar is ok, I didn't find that much of a selection and the bartenders where douches. Also, you will find that everyone smokes here so you'll be annoyed at the smell of the smoke if you're a non-smoker. All in all, its a good place but not fabulous.
I love the atmosphere, staff, and specials at Lux.  I met some friends there on Wednesday for a drink, and it happened to be movie night. They shared some hilarious video clips before the feature movie.  We really enjoyed it even though we couldn't stay for the actual movie.
I was in Rochester for the July 4th holiday and went to Lux for a few drinks. The scene is cool and the spot is top shelf. Manhattan needs a place like this. The walls are covered with art from local artists. I even saw a few people sketching into their books with drinks nearby, B52s 'rock lobster' blasting through the space. Lux has one pool table and a great 'beer garden' in the back yard, complete with wood burning stove. I had a few Mojitos and just checked the spot out. This was my favorite bar in Rochester.
A South Wedge treat, Lux is THE hipster bar. And yet more than a bar, featuring B-List movie night on Weds., where they show the cult classics including one of my faves, Wet Hot American Summer. The fire pit on the back patio is awesome - makes it feel like you're hanging out in your backyard. The list goes on... They have great specials and happy hour deals so you can't shy away from this bar.
Lux definitely has its own unique characteristics. I don't think you can find any bar in Rochester close to Lux. I would say it's a dive/hippie bar. That's the reason I didn't give it a four-star, because it's not my style. But I do see why it's so popular and why people love to go there. I like the decoration there. Many spiders and skulls (I'm a skull fan lol). It seems that Halloween happens there every day. I did go there for the Halloween. It was a good choice. If you wonder which bar in Rochester is the best to go on Halloween, it's definitely Lux. They don't even need to put too much effort to have Halloween environment lol. The people going there are the most dedicated people to Halloween. Almost everyone there dressed up with cool costumes. Not like other bars, I would be surprised if I could find half of the customers dressed up. The drinks there are cheap. There is one thing I don't quite get is that on Halloween, I noticed that the TV there was showing violence and pornography. Can a bar legitimately show those in public?
I don't think I can put into words my love for this place.  It is one of the best bars ever.  Not in Rochester, but of any place I have been.  I love the luxables.  I love the all year round outdoor seating.  I love the themed nights - so much so, that I cannot say I love one more than the other.  I love being drunk and petting puppies.  I love that there is a mystery candy bar in your vending machine.  I love that there is a candy vending machine.  I love that there are hundreds of games to play and that there is awesome local art all over the walls.  Lux has the most interesting crowd of people I have ever seen, yet no matter who I bring there, they always feel welcome and at home. But, if my home were as cool as Lux I would never leave it, ever.
I always loved this place.  It welcomed us in, with its red paint and devil decor.  The lollipops on the bar said "Pull up a chair.  And eat candy!"  They screened movies in the backyard, there was a hammock out there (watch out for the mud), and it was just as comfortable as hanging out at a friend's house.  Inside they showed local art on the walls, had the occasional arts & crafts night, and there were plenty of board games you could help yourself to.  Whenever it got packed with people, my friend Marc and I enjoyed changing our names and introducing ourselves to drunk strangers as completely different characters.  Usually I called myself Madeleine.
Where the stylishly-attired and impeccably-coiffed alternative elite of Rochester go to see and be scene.  Impossible not to leave smelling like a woodfire if you visit the more laidback outdoor area, where dogs are also welcome.  Features cheap beer specials, devilish decor and lifelike pubic hair on one of the tables.
Beer made me like drinking, and Lux made me love bars.
On every trip back to my homeland, Lux is a required destination.  The drinks are great, the atmosphere is great, and free PB&J sealed the deal.
funky and fun. I love that they have events every night. thursday's freeze dance is my favorite. i still need to go on sunday for bloody mary's! the bartenders are really friends and you can always make a friend here! the back yard is awesome for a chill night. love the ambiance here. lots of color.
Awesome bar in the South Wedge, a true Rochester original.  My only complaint is that the bartenders are not the friendliest.  However, the ambiance, crowd, and vibe of the place is unlike any other.
One of the best bars in Rochester.  Don't come here if you're the type of person who goes out "clubbing" on Alexander Street, you won't like it.  Best jukebox in the city, no question.
If you can't get past hanging skulls and the occasional flame decal, don't bother. Lux is completely confident in being the awkward kid in the corner with killer drink specials and gritty clientele. Those without tattoos need not attend. Get a piercing and come on down.
PBR, Cheeseburger Shots, Satan, Movies, Live Music, Fire pit, dog friendly, vagina tables sporting fabulous merkins, darkness, chalkboard bathroom walls, penis chairs, arts and crafts nights.  What more can any decent hard working or unemployed person in this grand city want? This was my hands down favorite drinking spot in all of NY, hell..in all of the US.  I moved to LA Jan of 2012 and had high hopes to find something somewhat even vaguely similar either in LA or Hollywood.  Boy was I wrong, I would joyfully sacrifice a small woodland animal in the name of Lucifer to have a place made of sheer awesomeness like this place here in Cali.  You can count on the fact I will be back here the day I return home to visit.
oh lux how i love you....let me count the ways.. 1. the prices are right 2. the backyard/patio is the place to be in the warm months 3. service is good (it used to be WAY better, but I understand some key players have moved on and they had to be replaced. i keep hoping the new bartenders will bring the spirit back the way it used to be. 4. hip crowd. this is definitely the hipster bar in the city. 5. love the atmosphere, candles, dim lighting, loud music. PERFECT. I have to say my favorite bar in rochester hands down. the only reason they get 4 stars out of 5 is the recent influx of college kids that come out on weekend nights to try and be one with the hipsters. your so out of place, go back to o'cals please.
Hands down my favorite bar in Rochester. Filled with good friends, cheap drinks and the occasional spectacle. Word of advice: if you're wearing a polo shirt/white baseballcap don't bother. No one will be friendly to you, and it will take forever to get a drink. Otherwise, have fun!
Good stuff - my friends and I had a music review club a while ago, back when we used to take ourselves too seriously. We'd always do it on Tuesday nights with dollar PBRs in the backyard. Great fun.
I like this bar. I like the atmosphere and decor. It's also nice to have a backyard space with a fire pit. Unfortunately, it can get really crowded and hard to find a good space to sit when with a larger group. The music is good most of the time, but can be so overbearing loud that you can't really have a conversation indoors. Bar is decently priced but the bartenders aren't the friendliest. It feels kinda cliquey.
Lux, in my opinion, is the perfect Rochester bar.  It's fun, cheap, and there's always a good crowd there.  While the Bug Jar comes close, the presence of the 18-21 year old crowd on some nights can really kill it for me.  Lux is great, and so are the different themed nights.  I tell anyone going to Rochester to visit to check out Lux and ignore the other bars.
At 666 monroe ave, it's a demonically good time. Especially if the outdoor section is rocking a fire.
It's getting a little bit too crowded, but a nice place to soak in the alt.rochester crowd and perhaps play a board game over some brews.
Funky, alternative, groovy bar in Rochester.   I like the backyard filled with picnic tables - perfect for summer.  And during Winter, I can go chill near the fireplace outside to prevent frostbite.  Drinks are cheap and STRONG.    The one star loss stems from the lack of hot girls, IMO.
This is my favorite bar on the face of the earth.  Great people always.  Awesome staff.  I miss this place very much.  They make it very easy to have a great time with lots of alcohol with 10 dollars.  If i go to a bar and spend less than 20 dollars and don't remember the evening than I'm a very happy boy.
fun atmosphere, but terrible service. I had to ask four times to get water, but drinks were always delivered right away.
When you love someone, you want to love all the things they love. My love is as different as you can possibly get from me. So, when he suggested we go to this bar he frequents, I figured "Sure, why not?" Well, I'll tell you why not. First off, I've been to this bar before. In other cities. I've lived in major cities, and I've grown accustomed to this type of place. They're everywhere. This iteration is especially magical, though. I'm not sure if it was the feeling that I was walking into someone's "tricked out" garage or the acrid smell of sour laundry + unwashed body, but I wasn't feeling it from the start. Yes, I am a snob. However, my favorite bar in Chicago was a beer barrel-shaped hole in the wall in East Lakeview two blocks from my apartment. (Friar Tuck, you will always hold a special place in my heart!) I also happened to go to a very big sports-oriented school, so I am not a body odor/sweaty, hormonal DRUNK teenager virgin. I rarely dress above a decent, full-coverage top and jeans when I hit up a bar. But, I swear to Christian Loubou. that I had walked into this bar completely naked based on the looks I got. Whatever. And how did I know that everyone would be in black and have lots of tatts and piercings? Again, whatever. (Aside: What strikes me as full-on hilarious is that these same alterna people think patrons at my kinds of places try too hard. We know we are. It's a game of one-upping each other. The alterna people haven't realized they're playing the same game, but with clothes from Hot Topic./rant)  I ordered a beer of some sort. Probably a "bitch beer" as the poster Pyke calls it. Mmm-kay. I survived my first trip, but barely. And the loving was not so generous for my love for the next few hours. Fast forward two months to Halloween. I grudgingly affirmed I would go to Lux for their festivities. I dressed up in a perfectly appropriate Halloween costume that did not show my ass or other body parts. I had just done my hair for 45 minutes and I was feeling rocking. During the two block walk, it started to sink in that I was going to be the only person there in a costume that wasn't fake blood splattered, black, moody, or related (even tangentially) to death or morbidity. Boy, was I right. I've never seen so many death fairies, bandages with red food coloring, black t-shirts with angst-y quotes, or black eyeliner in my entire life (and that's saying a lot. I was in a sorority. I thought we had a lock on black eyeliner usage!). FUN. I waited about twenty five to thirty minutes to get a drink. TWO bartenders on duty on Halloween. Really?! TWO?! I ordered two double Ketel-One gimlets. Very simple drink. Vodka and Rose's lime. What I got was two shots of vodka in a highball with a dollop of Rose's lime. NOT THE SAME THING. After waiting another ten minutes trying to get the bartender (in a deep and moody devil costume, I might add) to fix my drink, he poured another half-ounce of Rose's in. Finally, I had had it. I had already given him my credit card to start a tab (I was going to need lots of drinks to get through this shit fest), so I was stuck. But, I was pissed. So, I mouthed off about how he should know how to make a simple, f*cking drink. He shot back that I should get my ass out of the bar, blah blah blah. Look, dude, don't take your bullshit out on me. You should know how to make a two part drink. If you can make a red-headed slut for the girl next to me, you can make a gimlet. Bartender FAIL. Hell, Chili's or Applebee's bartenders even know how to make a gimlet. I'm not paying $9 for a drink, and not getting what I want. I've gotten better service from 19 year-olds at douchey clubs in my college town. UGH. Needless to say, the night ended early. Also, dickhead bartender, don't call your patrons fat. Especially when they aren't, a vast majority of your other clientele is overweight, and your boss is large. Will I ever spend money in this place again? Lord no. I'd much rather get drunk at home, where I know a decent two part drink can be made. (Apologies to my love, who will have to go to this hovel on his own from now on. If I lived in Rochester to start with, we'd probably break up over his desire to spend time here and my strong opposition to joining him.)
If you're young and you live in Rochester, you've probably heard about this unconventional, dark, loud, ultra-hipster weird bar with tattooed up bar tenders and cheap drinks. But please, fear not! Lux is honestly one of the best places in our fair city to grab a drink, chill with old friends and maybe make some new ones. Don't be intimidated by its facade, as 666 South Ave is a very welcoming atmosphere and offers some really cool and different attractions. Affordable drinks, funny chairs, a great outdoor area with a bonfire, pool table and a funky playlist set the mood, but each night of the week has something new to offer that most bars simply do not. From arts & crafts night, the standard but strange trivia, to the B-movie night on Wednesday, Lux always keeps it creative and fun. If you're just trying to get drunk and dance to the rotation of today's top-40 hits, Lux probably isn't you're style, but if you're looking to have a great time without all that B.S., Lux will welcome you with open arms.
Hands down this is my favorite bar, absolutely! Lux is so chill and low key. It's very dark and dim inside, but does get loud especially on the weekends when it is more busy. To me people may say it is a 'hipster bar but I have seen all different types of people there. I have gone here on both weeknights and on the weekend. I prefer weeknights as the weekends become a little too crowded at times and I start to feel like I am on East Ave. Not that I don't go to East Ave but sometimes I like going to a laid back bar where I can chill and catch up with friends not worry about my shoes getting stepped on or fights breaking out every two minutes. I like how there's so much to do instead of most bars where you are limited to sit, drink, stand, drink, get bumped into, look up at the TV on the wall, repeat. There's board games, an outside area with benches and tables which I like the lighting out there by the way, there's a pool table, a cigarette machine, an old school candy vending machine, a sofa/loveseat in the corner for maxin and relaxin and a bunch of really creepy but interesting art encasing the walls (if you have an open mind of course). Every night of the week there are different events like for instance I went once on a Wednesday and they had free movie night out back on a big screen. Movie was odd, about tight ropers tight roping on skyscrapers, but interesting to say the least. The bartenders and staff are always pretty friendly too. At Lux they play everything like alternative, Indie and I love when they play oldies and Motown. In the fall/winter, go to get their hot apple cider and whiskey (or you can mix it up with a liquor of your choice) but it is AMAZING. Oh, and did I mention no cover charge? Don't let the 666 address scare you. I think it is a part of the image. If you go directly to their website, it says they "don't care if you love Allah, Buddha,Jesus, or none of the above" and that is all that matters to me; to be in a place with the same beliefs as me. I don't care what you are as long as you are a good person.
Rochester doesn't give very many options when it comes to bars for 20 somethings looking to grab a drink at a chill establishment that doesn't involve having to put up with the douche bags and whores that rome East and Alexander streets. I don't make it into Rochester that often, but when I do I like to try and hit up Lux at least once. I prefer it more in the warmer months when I can sit in the backyard area with friends. The beers are cheap, the environment is great and the music isn't anywhere near the shit you hear pouring out if pearl. The bar can become really crowded and loud in the winter. Yea I've had long waits and poor service but I've seen that more so around the holidays. If you want to have a great experience at Lux go in the summer time on an off night and you'll find it to be a great place to drink cheap and relax with friends. And if you don't agree with me, let me know of a better bar and I'll be more than willing to check it out next time I'm in town
A great bar for people who don't especially like bars. The atmosphere is low key and is a great place to sit down and just hang out with a group of people.
although the s now crowd is now changing,i love going on tuesdays for 1$ pbr's and trivia, also wednesdays for the movie nights.
