I would highly recommend this restaurant. Great service and even better food. Dimly lit environment is great for a romantic date night!
Wow! Where do I begin?! What you would expect to be the food menu is actually the liquor menu. Not much offered in  terms of food, I'm not sure where to even start regarding the wine and beer selection. I ordered the red curry (Kang Ped #20) since i came here in want of thai food.... the menu is not really fitting to that by the way. If you are truly in the mood for Thai food, this is not the place for that. Ambiance is nice, white table cloth, so can be romantic,  semi casual, or business outing. Not sure I'd return when I'm in the mood for Thai but i would return for a date or an outing with a casual friend.   I didn't say close because when my close friends and i get together we like to laugh and enjoy ourselves. .... This place is rather small so excessive laughter would be disruptive to your neighbors. Now regarding the actual taste, the curry broth was delicious.  The vegetables were cooked to perfection,  the meat on the other hand was rather disappointing. The beef was cooked too long and did not really hold the flavor of the broth. It is also noteworthy that while most Thai restaurants serve the rice on the side of a broth dish, this restaurant opted to serve it on a plate with the broth poured over it. You can imagine what the rice tasted like 20 min into the meal, no chewing required :) All things considered,  yes I will frequent here during my stay here in Binghamton.
My wife and I have been to P.S. about 6 or 7 times in the past few years and we love it. We moved to the area from Boston and we ate pretty well there.  So in that regard, we have high standards for fine dining.  P.S. definitely doesn't disappoint. Although its location (next to a supermarket) isn't ideal, when you walk in, you're struck by the simple elegance of the decor. They have a really nice bar and the dining room has quite a classy feel to it without coming off as pretentious. The food, as expected, is excellent. You're started off with a complementary amouse bouche, always appreciated. The appetizers (my favorites are the wild mushroom augratin and the crab cake) are done perfectly, presented well, and arrive within 15 minutes of ordering. Also, the ravioli of the day is always great. I highly recommend the cream of mushroom soup, probably the best I've ever had. For entrees, you really can't make a bad choice. All the veal dishes are magnificent as cooked to perfect done-ness. Even the standard filet mignon comes with a delicious bernaise sauce. My wife has ordered off the Thai menu a few times and was thoroughly impressed. Also recommended - the roast duck and the quail. Desert, if you leave a little room is always great. There's always a rich, decadent chocolate desert, which I love. And creme brulee, too! So now I leave the two standout areas for last. Firstly, the wine list is extraordinary. As a self-proclaimed wine enthusiast, their wine list really stands out.  They have a huge selection of quality French reds, as well as meritages and other American reds that complement the food perfectly. It really shows that someone put a great deal of effort into planning the wine list. Every other restaurant in the area just serves the same bunch of wines, probably whatever was easiest to get from their wine distributor. P.S. features hard to find wines, many of which I have tried unsuccessfully to find elsewhere. Overall, their wine selection is huge and spectacular. Lastly, the service really sets this place apart. In my opinion, this place has the best service in the area. The waitstaff is knowledgable about the menu.  It's evident that they've all had everything the restaurant offers. They're professional and polite and will make sure you get exactly what you want. The timing of the service is great. Food comes to the table at a good pace.  You get enough time to enjoy your food and your company, but you don't go hungry waiting for the next course. This is way different from the other so-called fine dining restaurants in the area (i.e. Number 5), where your salad comes 30 seconds after your appetizer and you know they just want to get your meal over with to get another table in. At P.S. you feel that you're important and not just another table. I hope this review inspires some fans of good food, wine, and service to check this place out. Definitely recommended.
YUK!!! Poor service and ice cold food.  When I let the server know that my food was cold she said "oh, ok".   If that wasnt bad enuff there was more cork in my wine then there was stopping up the wine bottle.  However, that wasnt the worst part the lipstick that on my wine glass wasnt mine.   There is one positive thing that came out of this experiance.   I was able to pick up some groceries at the giant next door.  It turned into an unusual date.  We had more fun in the store then we did having dinner.
Wow. I've been looking forward to an occasion to eat here for almost 2 years. Then I was invited by a dear friend. The (so-called) walnut "crusted" salmon (not even wild caught) was certainly not encrusted. It was like pre-cooked salmon with some glaze with tiny walnuts spread across it like a watery chunky peanut butter. NOT impressive - especially for the money you're dropping, here! My friend was violently ill the next day, vomiting up the sweet and sour style "Thai" fish. Was it related to the food or something else? Can't say, but....certainly not appetizing. Funny to see folk all dressed up here. Poor Broome County - barely a place in town for excellent food. Better off cooking at home. The martinis are great...but how hard is it to make a martini? I certainly would not return on my own dime.
A pretty little place with so many good choices... If you love mushrooms as much as I do, you cannot go wrong with the mushroom au gratin appetizer and the very best cream of mushroom soup, ever!   The Caesar salad is phenomenal and more than big enough to share.  The Caitlyn & Penne is a seemingly bottomless bowl of deliciousness with plump shrimp in a fantastic sauce.   Any meal I've ever had here is sincerely satisfying.  I love to wrap it all up with a slice of their chocolate rum torte and a glass of port.
My wife and I went to P S Restaurant for my birthday.  We were pleasantly surprised by the great food and service.  They have a very large selection of wine and an amazing menu.  My wife ended up having a pasta dish that I believe came could feed 2 very hungry men and I had the Chicken Kang Ped which is a little spicy for my taste but the rice makes up for the heat. I would highly recommend this place for special occasions.   I would consider the prices comparable to those of Moxies, Remliks and Number 5.
One of ways I know I'm having a great meal is when I start rolling my food around my mouth, making sure all the different taste buds have a shot at the flavor, while closing my eyes to shut out external distractions.  I found myself doing that at PS on the night before New Year's Eve.  This was probably the best meal that I have eaten at a Binghamton restaurant. Reservations are recommended.  We could not get a 6:00 table for two, and had to settle for 5:45 (Gasp!).  I had to remind myself as we were walking toward the less-than-impressive exterior that the place must be pretty good if there's a wait for a restaurant in a Weis supermarket. I had the soup du jour, which was a tomato and basil soup with parmesan sprinkled on top.  Doesn't sound like much, but it was very good.  My entree was filet of salmon stuffed with scallops and mushrooms in a creamy wine sauce.  Delicious!  And it was actually "presented," as opposed to just dumped on the plate.  It was just like on them cooking shows on the TV! The service was attentive but not intrusive, which is how I like service.  Empty plates were cleared regularly and the water glass was refilled. The wine list was extensive, but I was disappointed that there was only one Finger Lakes selection.  The waitress said that they like to offer a "different selection" from other restaurants. Pricey for this area, but definitely worth it.  Can't wait to go back.
Good environment. Friendly staff. Small portions on the food thats the main reason for the 3 star.
P.S. Restaurant has a reputation as one of the best restaurants in the Binghamton area for fine dining. On that recommendation, we got ourselves dressed up and headed out for an adventure in fine dining, Binghamton style. The first thing one should do when going to P.S. is to put away your pre-conceived notions of restaurant design and aesthetics. PS is located inside a 70's style mini-mall overshadowed by the presence of Giant Supermarket. The restaurant does the best it can with the interior space, but despite the elegant table settings, wall hangings, and plants, I couldn't shake the sense that I was dining in a supermarket mall. The food, however, was quite good. It doesn't compare to the food of my favorite french restaurant (Le Petite Robert in Boston), but was an enjoyable meal all the same. We began with the Wild Mushroom Augratin, which was very flavorful but I found the mushrooms at various levels of  "done-ness" (and yes, done-ness is a technical term). My wife had the Tom Ka Gai soup, which was startling in its use of citris broth. Very tasty. I had the salad with PS's live oil, balsamic and fresh herb vinaigrette (an excellent dressing). For the main course, I had the Pan Seared Quail with Pineapple BBQ Sauce - excellent, but I underestimated the work required to extract meat from three quails. The efforts were well worth it - delicious. My wife had the special of Pan Seared Salmon, which got solid marks. Her mashed potatoes side was "amazing".  For desert we had their Chocolate French Silk cake, which was amazing. Our stomachs bursting, we could barely finish it, but we ultimately prevailed over the chocolate cake. So I would recommend PS restaurant. It's food is great. As an experience, its decor was lacking, so it didn't feel 100% like fine dining, but that's me being picky. Definitely check out their website - they have their full menu online. Also, reservations are recommended.
P.S. is one of my favorite restaurants in the Binghamton area. Six of us went last Saturday night. Of course we had to have reservations. The other four people with us have never been there. They were very impressed. When we got there, our table was ready. Seems like we usually have to wait for a table to be ready at other restaurants we have been at recently even though we had reservations. When we were greeted, although our table was ready, we were told we could have a drink in the lounge if we preferred. So we did have a drink. When we were ready to go to our table, they graciously had our tab sent to our table. I have been in several nice restaurants in the area where they want you to pay your tab before you go to a table. I think of P.S. as a small restaurant, and it is one room. However even though every table was used, it was not noisy. The restaurant has one small sectioned off area where about 10 people can fit comfortably - good if you want privacy. The food is what we all come for and I cannot say anything negative. I had the filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly. The portions are adequate and the  service is excellent. Everyone at our table had something different and they all said their meal was excellent. We had several appetisers to share and they were all excellent. The wine list is extensive. We had reds,  whites, blushes, and champagne at our table. We even had their scrumpuous desserts. My wife's favorite is Creme Brulee which she said was one of the best she's had. We shared the bill which came to $143 per couple. We were so impressed with the service that we generously tipped the waitress. After our meal, we sat awhile to talk. There was no problem staying there and we were told we can stay as long as we want. We have been asked at other restaurants that if we wanted to stay longer, would we move either to another table or move to the bar. We like to try other restaurants but we all said we will come back to the P.S.
Not even close to worth the price. It is amateur quality with poor execution, and I swear, they get most of their food already prepared by Sysco. For the area, many say it's the best, which really is a testament to the poor cuisine typical of this locale. The wine list is respectable and earns this bilge-hole 1 star. It's just an embarrassment that anyone would regard this as anything but well below average.
For the Southern Tier, this is arguably the best high end restaurant. The food is very good, the wine list is complete, the atmosphere is right for special occasions, and the crowd at the bar is full of local professionals.
Delicious Cream of Mushrrom soup, delicious mushrooms au gratin, beautifully cooked and tender filet mignon with gorgonzola sauce. Nice wine list - Nando Amarone was perfect. Can't wait to go back and try the other options on the menu. Maple apple pie was delicious, as well.  Supermarket mall location is not ideal, but the food and service make up for it!
Definitely an odd location for one of the Binghamton area's nicest restaurants, but P.S. is definitely among the best around. Nice atmosphere, good and attentive wait staff. The entire I got (Caitlyn & Penne - penne tossed with shrimp and covered in a lobster sauce) was superb and I got a couple meals out of it. I'm usually not one for doggie bags but this was one I was willing to make an exception for. The scallop risotto I got left a little bit to be desired, but was a minor misstep in what I considered to be a very good meal. I look forward to my next visit.
Solid service and good wine list.  The proprietors do a good job on making you feel welcome.  However, their food is inconsistent. This week's lobster won ton's were over cooked and one of the dinners was lukewarm.  We've also gone home and felt that we had food poisoning over the scallops.  We go here because we have clients and its a more upscale venue than in the rest of Binghamton.  There's nothing here that can't be fixed but with a bit more attention to detail it would make this place great.
Wanted to take my grandmother and her friend to the best place in town. Very disappointed, I sent my meal, back it was inedible, the appetizers were ok, service ok, nothing great about the place, the bread was not fresh, the cloth the bread was wrapped in was stained with sauce.They are trying to make up in atmosphere and exclusivity what they are lacking in good food,dont wast your money,mediocre at best.
