No better bubble tea in broome county (yes there are other places) bring cash because it is cash only!
The go-to spot in town, whether if you're studying for tomorrow's exam or catching up with a friend, this place has such a positive ambiance for whatever occasion you're in. The bubble tea is OK, but being an Asian-American and growing up in Vestal, I felt very lucky to have this in my town prior to leaving for college. My friends and I would frequently visit the tea house if we didn't have any plans that night. Often times we would spend hours at the tea house just chatting. I would recommend getting the honey blizzard or taro milk black tea. They're both excellent options if you can't figure out what to get on their large menu. The tea house does get a bit crowded when school is in session, but I've never had an issue with long wait times. Hope you like it as much as I do :)
Oh how I miss this place and it's delicious banana milk black tea! I have looked high and low (even in Asia!) for banana tea like the one I ordered here and have not been lucky. I suppose it isn't a typical flavor but it was my favorite. Anyhow, this place is cute and fun to hang out at. I'd definitely recommend for a bubble tea fix and as a place to just distress for a little bit. The only downer is that it's cash only, so be prepared.
I've tried bubble tea at many different places & K&K's is definitely my favorite! There's lots of flavors to choose from(mango milk, taro & chai are my favorites) & the tapioca is always cooked perfectly. Although, they have recently upped their prices a little, but it's still worth every cent! Great hang out/meet up spot & the employees are very nice. Overall, good vibes, cool people and good quality bubble tea makes this place a hot spot for many college students (since it's located right next to Binghamton University). I would definitely recommend this place, it's the best bubble tea in Binghamton hands down.
I usually stop into K&K's once a month or so. The bubble tea is good but most are from powders. Personally I don't have any problem with this but I can see where some people would. I used to always get taro or lychee but more recently I've been getting a chai (don't know if they still have it) or a thai bubble tea. I love iced chai and iced thai tea in general and to add the bubbles just makes it that much better. The pearls themselves are well cooked, though I've never experienced bad tapioca in bubble tea. It is certainly a college hang out and I have never actually stayed any longer than it takes to order my tea and pick it up. As I am not in college I had no interest in staying, but I can see it being a fun hangout if you go with some friends. The pricing is $3.50 for a small tea and $4.50 for a large. From what I've seen of bubble tea in other cities these are fair prices. They have a very limited selection of food, snacks predominantly, which I have never bothered to look into so I can't comment on it other than to say it exists. Overall if you're in the Binghamton area, or driving along interstate 86 (route 17) across the state and you feel a craving for some bubble tea then stop on in to K&K's. You'll enjoy it and really what other options are there in the area? (Seriously I don't even know, never bothered to look)
My friend and I braved the sub-zero Binghamton temperature to get here. It's a huge late-night hang out spot for a lot of SUNY students. It's a teahouse, so expect a lot of tea/mix options and a lack of food. I ordered a funky concoction that I do not recall but it had peach and tapioca balls in it. I also wanted it hot too, the lady looked at me like what? at my order but she got the job done, thanks! Word of advice: Bring cash! They do not accept credit cards :[
Cash only. Quick service. Some times run out of bubbles... bummer!! esp if you came out to Bing just for bubble tea!! Coconut black tea with milk and bubbles = omg I want one now. yum. drool.
excellence! The bubble tea i get in flushing isn't even as good!  Very relaxed and there is a hodge podge of couches and tables to sit at. they are dinky, but comfy. the decor isn't wonderful, but it's cozy and lovably scruffy. hot milk green tea with tapioca is perfect for chilly days, and if you really want a treat, ask them to mix strawberry with milk taro, iced!
The bubble tea here is usually quite good. It is on par with NYC bubble tea. They offer an impressive variety of flavors. I would rec a combo which I don't think many people usually get: malted milk black tea with tapioca and coffee jelly. Almond or lychee are my other standbys. At least for my friends and me during our time at BU, going for a walk to get bubble tea was like a mini adventure. It gave us poor carless urban children somewhere to go at night when there wasn't much else available within walking distance. It was a place to go drinking for those of us who preferred not to throw up whatever we'd consumed by the end of the night, thank you very much. The walk there was half the fun and the bubble tea was the reward at the end of the journey. We didn't really use the teahouse as a hangout spot. It's just not that inviting. The couches always scared me a bit. Quite scruffy and icky looking. A decor/ furniture update would be nice. Not cheap, but it's worth it for the memories. Anyway, bubble tea is a treat, not an every day drink.
This place was exciting in the beginning (freshman year) and a fun "trip" to take with some new friends and hang out for an hour or so.  Their bubble tea is pretty good, as is their thick cut toast (pricey). After a while, it gets kind of boring, and turns into a nice treat maybe once or twice a semester.
I've been all over the place looking for good bubble tea, from NYC to Philadelphia to NJ. None measures up to what we get here.  I haven't met a flavor I don't like yet, but personally favor the ginger (hot or iced), blueberry, and mango. Always order the boba, and will often get some jellies as well. I'ma big sucker for anything passion fruit flavored. Free wifi and proximity to BU make it a popular college crowd hangout, so if you don't mind a noisy crowd from time to time, then this is the place for you.
I've never been big on bubble tea until I came to Binghamton. There are a variety of flavors here at K&K's, thai milk tea being the best of course. They also offer food, which I haven't tried. The place is very popular, especially on weekends and particularly warm days (a rarity in Binghamton).  The people who work here are pretty quick to make the order and friendly. The one downside is that they only take cash, something I found out the irritating way. Regardless, this is one of the more reliable staples in the area.
This place brings back so many memories! My friend used to come here to feed her bubble tea addiction. After a rough class or a exam, she would hike from her dorm to K and K's Old Teahouse to reward herself with a large cup of bubble tea. At least twice a week, she would end up here. When I first tasted their bubble tea I understood why! The drink was extremely addictive - the milk tea was soothingly smooth and the tapioca bubbles were chewy and well cooked (no raw flour centers). I think their secret for their mass following was massive amounts of sugar and a lack of an alternative in Binghamton. Sometimes my friends and I would be up late for finals, in our respective rooms, and someone would pop their head in the doorway and ask if we wanted to order some bubble tea. 'If you have more than 10 orders, they deliver'. Hell yea! Even though we all had cars by then, we would rather not make the hike down from our apartments through a foot of dirty slushy snow to get our snack. When the weather was better, a group of us would walk to the teahouse. Some of our friends worked there, so we would chat as we ordered and waited for the  viscid balls to be placed into the flavored tea. One of us would sit at a table or couch and we would all throw our belongings there so no one else would take the spot. With tea in hand, we would relax and chat about politics, and our plans for next year until the last bubble was gone.
I usually go over to this place before getting food at BG's next door. I love the Strawberry Ice Crush with Green Apple Jelly. This place is always filled with students and seems to be quite the hotspot. Students usually just call it "Bubble Tea" instead of its actual name. They have couches, Wi-Fi, and awesome drinks. Good place to chill. Only downer to this place is that it's cash only.
This was always a favorite spot of mine in Binghamton. Cozy couches and nice lighting make this the ideal spot to spend a few hours on a cold Binghamton night. There are many flavors available, and you can mix and match flavors to create just the right combination. I recommend the pudding black tea and a mixture of strawberry and taro...yum! The internet access is quite good, and there's a decent amount of seating for a small place. The tapioca is always cooked perfectly. As everyone has mentioned, it is a cash only business which can be a bit of a hassle. It's more than worth planning ahead to come here, though!
A college hot spot. It's hard for it not to be-great location right next to campus, open late, and so many unique flavors to choose from.  Always cheap and always satisfying. I was a big fan of the coconut milk green tea and the honeydew milk black tea, but you can also mix flavors. Sometimes I got pineapple and coconut, which was delicious! My one problem was occasionally they didn't mix it as well and you would end up with a giant chunk of powder in your straw-gross. And a few times they ran out of tapioca and they used a substitute jelly-also kind of gross. But most of the time I would say they were pretty consistent. Also, they are CASH ONLY!
The Bubble Tea here, I'd say, is as good, if not better, than the ones in Queens, NY. I'm not a big fan of bubble tea in general but if the group I'm with is going for some, I'm usually down as well. It gets crammed with people during nights, after social events. Some people choose to wait, but with limited seating, I'm not really for it..
Drinks are yummy, definitely the best bubble tea I've had. But the people at the counter are always unbearably rude and make me feel unwelcome. I understand food service isn't the best job, but it's not difficult to pull your eyes away from your laptop to help a customer for 2 minutes without rolling your eyes. I wish there was more seating too.
the best bubble tea in town!! great customer service!! the best place to hand out!!
The bubble tea is good and the tapioca is cooked perfectly.  I've had bubble tea here, in the city, and on the west coast as well and this place is on par with all of them, maybe better than some.  I've even been to the K&K in Davis, CA.  Weird thing is, when this place first opened when I was in high school, the place was always full of Asian people.  Ya know, Asians and their tea and what-not.  But when I went today, it was a fuckin blizzard in there.  Shiet, I thought the workers would at least still be Asian.  Not that it matters, I'm just making an observation.  Prices are a little on the steep side, especially for Binghamton.  I paid $4 for a small lychee ice crush.  Well, I made my 13 year old cousin pay cuz she had cash.  Yeah, they ONLY take cash!  The space is pretty big, but as another reviewer stated, not very inviting.  I think it could use a makeover and move some more "loungey" type furniture in the place.  They offer WIFI for customers and they also serve a limited menu of snacks, like $2 toast with your choice of topping?  OK.  Service is also a bit slow.  Again, them high schools kids yo.  Anyhow, come here for a drink and then bounce.
