This is quite a jewel tucked away in Endicott. We had several small plates and the flavors of each dish were outstanding. The ambience was lovely and the staff very friendly and helpful when choosing dishes. They have live jazz every first and third Saturday night.
Visited Feliz for dinner last night. Our waitress was very pleasant. However, our first plates took awhile to come out. Others seated after us (a larger table no less) got there first plates before we did --this lost them a partial star. We weren't in a rush, so it didn't dampen our meal. We (2 people) tried tried the dumplings, chicken and waffles, teriyaki pork and lamb pops. The dumplings were "meh," but the 3 large plates were excellent. All three meats were cooked perfectly. The side for the pork and lamb were so-so, but I was more concerned about the meat, so I'm still a fan. They do 4-serving wine and beer flights. We did one of each an enjoyed our selections. We were stuffed after those 4 plates. We go dessert to go, so I'll be trying the cupcake and mini-cheesecake later today :) I'd definitely do back!
This restaurant is in the infant stages. Food: that has never, from what I know, been seen in Broome County ever. Very modern/progressive menu that is executed flawlessly. I had the fried chicken and red velvet waffles with bourbon syrup. My God was it good. Service: Well, we were the only people in the restaurant, therefore, the service was fantastic! Unfortunately, this restaurant is in an area that might scare some people (which it really shouldn't). This place is one of few new restaurants in Broome county that are facing the laborious (some may say impossible) task of redefine the food scene in the The Greater Binghamton Area. There are only two ways that this restaurant will stay afloat in this hyper-commercialized restaurant market. 1. The progressive people of BAE utilize it and come here often. 2. The college students catch wind of it and make it a true hotspot. Come here and support the local culinary arts!
I was looking forward to my first visit last evening since I had read and heard many good things from various sources, most recently from a close friend with equally high standards as I. The experience, however, was disappointing on several critical fronts.   First impressions when we walked in were very good. Clean, nice decor, about 6 people at the bar area and two tables with a total of 7 people seated in the main dining area. We had a table for eight and were shown to a generously sized table in the back corner of the restaurant by our waitress to wait for the others. She was very friendly and told us about the various wine and beer options and had taken our initial order for some tastings. The tastings are free, and typical of a true tapas establishment, so that one can sample unfamiliar items before making a final decision. So far so good. She left us and just then we saw the rest of our party arriving. That is when the evening took a decided turn for the worse from which it never quite recovered. We saw that they were being seated at another long table--right by the exit--and motioned them over to let them know we had already been seated. At that moment a man--whom we later discovered was the co-owner--came over and said, and I quote, "You have to move." That abruptly and rudely. I was aghast, and had I not been out with friends, I would have walked out at that exact moment and never returned. When I asked why, we were told the table was reserved for the musicians and that we had to move, this despite we had already placed and order and were settled. I was also surprised there even were musicians booked that evening. (I ALWAYS avoid small restaurants with live music when I am trying to relax. It makes it totally impossible to carry on a conversation with my friends, which besides the food, is the main reason I am there.) So we moved--to a table with a horrible draft and in the direct line of traffic and basically impossible to speak with anyone else at the table unless seated directly next to them--and even then at an uncomfortable level once the "music" started. (As a trained professional musician myself, I will leave the review of the music there; it decidedly did not add to our already unpleasant experience.) So, the good points? The food is quite good, well-prepared, reasonably priced for the quantity and quality, and under different circumstances would warrant several return visits. The specialty beer selection was not exceptionally large but covered a fairly broad range, and the wine list adequate (nothing terribly adventurous or unique.). That is where the good part ended. The service, however, was horribly slow and uneven with nearly half of our party not even getting a single item they ordered while others of us has 2-3 in the same period. Throughout the meal additional plates were brought to our crowded table while the empty plates, bowls and glasses sat there untouched. NOTHING infuriates me more; that is Table Service 101. More than once we actually had to pick up the dirty dishes and hand them to the servers to have them removed, and they acted as if they were being put upon by having to do so. Having glasses refilled was also a chore. Four of us that I know of asked for water to go with our meals in addition to our alcoholic beverages; the requests went largely unheeded, and all but one of us just stopped asking. Tables that were seated well after we were had their selections come out in rapid succession well before us, and one entire table--consisting of other friends of ours--arrived one full hour after we did and departed nearly one hour before we even received our checks. I was in the direct line of traffic at one end of the table and three times--twice by the co-owner himself--I was bumped with chairs being carried across the room. It was obvious in each case I had been hit and yet not once was something said until it happened the third time, I made a comment and I was treated to a look as if I were the one at fault for sitting where I was. The staff and co-owner seemed quite happy dealing with their "regulars" a few tables away from us while obliviously ignoring the impression being made on a party of newcomers (save one), ALL of whom eat out regularly and are not in the habit of eating poorly. Not once during the evening were we approached with any sort of apology for being foisted from our original table--which I might add was seated with NON-band guests about 40 minutes after we had been so abruptly reseated. This establishment may have a following, but if this is the way they treat new guests, it will not expand much past what they have. FOOD:   Roughly a 4, although still not up to the level of Just A Taste in Ithaca. SERVICE:   2 AMBIANCE:   Without band, a 4; with the band, a 2. ATTITUDE: 0--As I said, had we not been with friends, I would have walked out after being spoken to in the manner I was by of all people the co-owner. OVERALL EXPERIENCE: 2
Very tasty 'small plate' dishes with a wide variety of choices.   Interior is cozy, warm and modern with purple tablecloths and white decor.  Nicely lit and comfortable. I'm not a wine drinker, but the craft beer selection, while small, is growing in both quality and variety.  The owner expressed his desire to feature more locally produced craft beers in the near future.
I wish this had a three and a half star option. Okay, the five star news first: the owners are lovely, and the place is a calm, hip, lovely oasis. Don't listen to reviewers who say the neighborhood is sketchy or scary--it's not. It's just a blah part of Endicott, but has plenty of parking. Once you step inside, you feel like you're in another world. The wait staff was AMAZING. the best in Binghamton. Attentive and friendly without being  fawning, very knowledgeable about the menu. There's a free little appetizer of crustini topped with a delicious olive-y-mushroomy tapendade. The menu selection is small but interesting. Great choice of wines, local beers, and even a hard cider or two. Child friendly but perfect for dates. The food itself is still evolving and thus a bit uneven. Our best dishes were the free crustini and a slamming home made vegetable soup with a slight kick. The vegetable curry was only so-so, and served at room temperature. The fried chicken was INCREDIBLE, some of the tastiest I've ever had. But these are small portions, and I wasn't a fan of the red velvet waffles, which had to be sent back anyway because they weren't hot enough. (They ended up giving me a double portion, which was nice!) I found them a bit weird tasting, half chocolaty and half not sweet enough. Must agree with the woman who said her artichoke salad was sweeter than dessert. Tasted just plain odd. The steak was tough. My husband said the polenta was delicious, but there was such a tiny amount it was gone in a mouthful. Overall, to me, the food all tasted very home-made, like food I might try to cook myself with about the same results-- and I'm not a great cook. If the owners focus on what they do best, and slowly increase the menu-- taking out the failures and adding more dessert options, I'm sure they'll do fine. A cheesy polenta dish might be a good option. One great and interesting salad. Maybe short ribs and perfect sweet potato fries. A good fruit tart or cobbler, and a chocolate dessert without 4 kinds of alcohol (they have a rum chocolate cupcake with vodka icing or something). We loved the atmosphere, the staff, and some of the food. We have faith! And we will be back.
A Failure to Execute From the moment you sit down, you can't help but notice the lack of attention to detail. The first sign was the still damp napkins folded on our table. [Seriously, someone folded these napkins and didn't notice they were damp?] Or the multiple courses served without eating utensils. The Artichoke bhelpuri appetizer contained deep fried artichokes leaves with the fibrous upper half still in place. Next up; a complimentary crostini with tapenade that was delicious, but the crostini was burned. My wife ordered the Lamb rack pops with cauliflower puree and green bean salad with salsa dressing. Everything was delicious, but the puree was cold. I ordered the Steak with blue cheese polenta, poached pear radicchio salad, and balsamic pearl onions. While the salad was exceptional, the steak was unseasoned and the polenta had not a whiff of bleu cheese in it. Finally, to the desserts. They got a course right. The Key lime parfait was a nice balance of tart and sweet, and the chocolate bourbon cupcake was nicely presented and flavor-fully prepared. A note on service: How is it possible for there to only be 3 occupied tables in the restaurant and at least 5 dining room employees, yet it seems no one is around when you need them? One other point: the restaurant is operated as Feliz, the bar as Instinct. I had hoped for so much more when I saw their well planned menu and very reasonable prices, but from this visit I took away only disappointment.
Delicious wine, beer and food. The steak and blue cheese polenta was to die for! Also can't miss out on the fried chicken and RED Velvet waffles with bourbon maple syrup. What a neat twist on a classic. My husband and I split 6 small plates and were pleased with all of them. The atmosphere is classy and the staff and owners very friendly and on point. Don't miss out on this gem in the greater Binghamton area. Oh, and they have live jazz, too.
I really wanted to like this place, but, unfortunately can't give it a good review. The service is great and the interior is very nice, but the food was less than stellar. We started with a crostini that was barely toasted (chewy), and moved on to an artichoke salad that was sweeter than some desserts (in a bad way). For our mains we had the vegetable curry, which was very bland, overcooked and loaded with parsley (did they mean to put in cilantro?), and the salmon which was rubbery and fishy tasting. In addition, the salad was drenched with what tasted like Kraft Italian dressing. This place could be a great little spot. The concept is good and the staff is very friendly, but  the food needs major improvement. I hope they make some significant changes soon.
I went to Feliz a couple of weeks ago and we where not impressed at all. I had the red velvet waffle with chicken. First off the chicken had nnnnoooo flavor it tasted like breading there was no salt, no pepper on the chicken not even a little Mrs. Dash. The red velvet waffle didn't taste like anything either. but the waffle was red so that was good ;) My friend had the pork chop and the mac and cheese.  I tasted his pork chop and we both remarked on how  there was no flavor to the pork chop but you could taste the salty brine used. The Mac and cheese was cold and had no flavor either.  The food was bland the service was nonexistent, we where the only people there but I couldn't find someone to give me a glass of water.  Too wrap this up if you want something good to eat try another place. We won't be going back.
Great variety of beer, wine.  Fun variety of different types of food.  Friendly staff.  A great place to go if you're looking for something different in the Binghamton/Endicott area.  Try the fried chicken and red velvet waffles.
