this place has really good pizza.  I have had mixed service here from time to time, but overall it's good. One time - years ago -the service was so bad I had to write a letter. But that's water under the bridge. I've gone back and the problems seem to have been sorted out. And the food is consistently good. So I consider this a good old Endicott standard.  I would go again.
Attend with my GF and we were both very upset with out dinner, I got Chicken Alfredo and received a poorly cooked example; very little chicken, the sauce was gritty and overly salty and the noodles were over cooked. I have been eating here for years and I am completely shocked by how poor our experience was. My GF got Eggplant parm and received a soggy excuse of what she was expecting. I am not sure if they have new help in the kitchen, but it was a bad night for the both of us. I should have sent my food back.
Prices have gotten higher and food has gone downhill. There are other Italian places I would rather go to. Long lines aren't worth waiting in.
I have been here a few times because my family had some gift cards. I have never truly enjoyed it. The food is okay, but for the price, it is not good. The pizza is okay as well. I like that this cute little restaurant is still here because I don't like when family run business fail, but it is really just okay.
Ahh pizza. For the rest of the menu I don't have a comment but for the pizza was delish. The Naples Pizza - chunky tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, romano cheeses, virgin olive oil, and fresh basil - was really good and full of flavor with the fresh basil on top. If you are looking for a treat try the grilled pizza. We had the Margarita -tomato sauce, two cheeses, roasted garlic, and fresh herbs - and it was incredibly tasty. The roasted garlic is a fabulous addition to this traditional pie. The place is in a strip mall and not much to say about the ambiance. Service was friendly and welcoming.
I've only been here once and it was for drinks. The place is small, intimate and gives off that homey Italian vibe. I liked it immediately. As I said, I didn't have any food so I'll need to come back here when I'm in town again.
I had been feeling pretty good about mastering the Little Venice vs Cortese smackdown, but then I got broadsided by Endicott's 100 pound Italian Gorilla, Consol's. Yes folks, the equation just got a lot more complicated. The southern tier, I have discovered, is not just populated with Little Venice people and Cortese people, but now Consol people.  And they're fanatical about Consol's. Won't even hear about Little Venice or Cortese. So, donning a disguise to mask my Little Venice allegience, I ventured forth into the depths of Consol's. The journey began with a 10min wait, so we enjoyed a glass of Cabernet (bartender's choice). The bar is dimly lit and is constructed of dark stained wood. Kinda mysterious. I was certain we had been pinned as outsiders, and for a moment, fears of being driven out by an angry mob rattled my resolve. But the wine helped calm me, so I was okay. We were led through a few small rooms to our table, way in the back. I was surprised to see how much of a family atmosphere there was. Lots of kids, lots of big families, scrunched into booths. The decor also reflected the family feel. Chandeliers with electric flame bulbs hung everywhere - kinda cheesy in that family way. The lighting and decor was non-descript, as if to say, "We're about the food, man. Good cheap family food. You got a problem with that?" Nope, I did not have a problem with that. The menu was typical Italian - lots of choices, and all very affordable. One of the highlights seems to be their grilled pizza, an option we had enjoyed at the Italian Festival several weeks ago. I ultimately settled on the Rigatoni with sausage, roasted red pepper, fresh mozerella and basil. My wife got the stuffed eggplant. Both dishes were HUGE!!!!!!! Mine was really good - the redpepper, mozerella, pasta combination was great. I wish they had put in more sausage. My wife enjoyed her dish as well.  So good marks for the food. But was the positive Consol's experience enough to sway my little Venice allegience? Not quite. I enjoy the decor/ambience of Little Venice a lot more. The food was definitely on par. But Consol's definitely has more of a family feel - its a neighborhood joint, and has the un-dying loyalty of the Endicott crowd.   But the war is not over. The battle of pasta has been fought and Little Venice has emerged the victor. But rumors of another battle, the battle of the pizza is emerging, and I venture forth see who holds the crown of best pie.
An Endicott landmark!   Okay, I know that many people have STRONG feelings about tomato sauce.  Every Italian family I know has a different recipe and they will never be won over by anything that deviates from their traditional secret family recipe  So goes the debate about the best local Italian restaurant.   While some of my friends may not agree,  this place is MY fave for a good pasta dish.  (it used to be a tie with Pino's before the place was sold by the original owners and eventually closed.)  The sauce here has a light, fresh veggie flavor/texture.  Not a dark, heavy, meaty flavor/texture.   Just the way I like it.  The marinara is what I often order...yummm...GARLIC!! They almost ALWAYS have a line of people waiting to sit.  (I mean c'mon, can ALL these people be wrong??)   It's REALLY affordable and REALLY good.  The dining room has evolved over the years and still has the quirky up a step/down a step as you navigate through the dining area, but it's a comfortable family place.   MMMM...the pizza.  It's very good.  The traditional or the grilled-gotta eat them hot, though.  The pasta is good.  The dishes that have been added over the years have gotten more creative and varied and I've enjoyed everything I've tried.   Though I seldom order dessert...I've never known them to not have their famous chocolate sheetcake.
This place is known for it's thin crust pizza (Duff's original). It used to be very good but has seemed to go downhill recently and in my opinion, is not the best in town anymore. Still a nice place for a casual dinner & the bar is decent. Always packed on weekends, especially Friday so be prepared to wait; no reservations!
When it's done right, the grilled pizza is very nice. Gotta appreciate tons of fresh roasted garlic, artichoke hearts and sun dried tomatoes. But it can be disappointing.  Sundrieds are sometimes tough and hard to chew. (Sometimes there's a strange lingering dish-rag sort of smell - could that be the cheese? uggh!)   I wouldn't order the rest of the food - might as well make it at home - nothing special; globs of (seemingly canned) tomato sauce. But I do go for the grilled pizza with special instructions, sometimes, so that I don't get home with doughy, undercooked crust. Sometimes the kitchen/takeout order staff have unnecessarily defensive attitudes (mainly management). They should deliver.
Went here on a busy Sat night.  The wait was about 45 min.  The only negative was the bar area is small and gets crowded when people are waiting.  We actually went accross the street for a drink after we put our name in. The restaurant is quaint and very homey feeling.  The patrons seemed to range from young to old.   When we were sat, the wait staff was very friendly and accomidating.  There were 6 of us, 4 being new to the restaurant. Two of us ordered the Seafood Marinara - Shrimp, scallops, & clams in a light red sauce using fresh plum tomatoes & fresh Italian herbs served over homemade linguine. Three of us had the Italian Trio - One half Chicken Parmagiana, manicotti, & Homemade spaghetti . The last one ordered the Chicken Sofia - Our breaded chicken cutlet served over rigatoni & topped with roasted garlic cream sauce with fresh broccoli & house roasted sweet pepper. Everyone really enjoyed the meals many took home left-overs to have for lunch another day.   This is Italian well done like you might get at someone's home.   We hear that the pizza is a popular item, we didn't try but saw several that looked quite good!  Thin crust, with fresh toppings. The whole dinner for 6 including wine, desserts for 3, tax and tip, all was under $140.00. This definately is on the places to go in the future when visiting the kids in Binghamton.
Consols is a staple to the area, food is good and reliable, but nothing to crazy as far as menu selection goes. The service is usually good and the grilled pizza's are to die for, unique and a must try. Their chicken cutlet sautéed in a wine butter sauce topped with mushrooms and served with lots of lemon is my favorite. The Chicken Sophia, Fusilli Maria and Chicken Parm are also good. If you want a solid meal this is the place, with affordable prices as well.
I've eaten from Consol's twice.  Once for dinner on a busy Friday night, and most recently I got a pizza to go. The dine-in experience was alright. They have huge portions and decent homemade pasta, but that's about where the good stuff ends. The service was at times really really slow, and at other times incredibly rushed. Our waitress basically ignored us.  If she had taken the time to ask, I would have told her I'd like another drink.  The salad tasted like it was bought last week at the supermarket.  I got veal parm, and although the portions were large, it was no better than veal parm anywhere else around. My wife's meal was equally forgettable. "Some chicken special" she says.  Ehhh. Tonight, we got pizza to go. It came not in a box, but wrapped in a little, stupid paper bonnet. The result was a cold pizza by the time we got home. Does a lukewarm pizza taste great?  No.  Why the hell can't they use boxes like the rest of the world?  They are functional, dammit.  However, I got a pizza for cheap, which is the one plus. Just go to Mama Giuseppa's for pizza instead. That place is great (but closed on Mondays).
Seated right away. Very good and fast service, friendly as well. Bread and butter basket and cheese pie followed. All very good. Pizza was excellent, tasty sauce with not a lot of cheese but perfect. We will be back.
I'd actually rate Consol's about 2 1/2 stars--something less than AOK but not quite meh.  I know there are those who are Consol's fans but I am not one of those people.     The majority of entrees I've had were ok, but nothing that I would care to have again.  I did like the rigatoni parmagiana because any pasta heaped with cheese is a win in my book.  The pizza (hot pies) are a little on the salty side for me and extra greasy (so if you're carrying out, bring something to protect your car as you don't get a box as they "wrap" the pizza).  The grilled pies are ok too. The place is always busy and you will only be seated once your entire party has arrived.
If it wasn't for the food this place would be a 1 star because the night we went, the service was atrocious. We were seated within 10-15 minutes which was acceptable and I was fine with that. The waitress seemed fine at first but once we sat we waited 15 minutes to order drinks, 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive, then we ordered, waited 15 more minutes for our salads, 10 more minutes for our pizza then 20-30 more minutes for our meals. Granted it was a busy night but gosh darn! Overall dinner took 2 hours! Our waitress didn't fill up our water regularly either. Eventually we just asked for a pitcher so we could do it ourself. There was a group of 10 next to us and it seemed she was way more focused on them. Normally I wouldn't complain about the wait but here is the reason why I do. Two people sat behind us 10 minutes after we came in and got a different waitress, they got their drinks before we did, they got the salad's when we got our drinks, they got their pizza when we got our salad and they got their entrees when we got our pizza. They finished about 5 minutes after we got our entrees. We had 4 people they were 2. We joked about it the entire time too but honestly we were hungry and quite frustrated. The food is what saves them and when I say food I mean the entree because the pizza was beyond not so good. It had a liquid layer of grease on top of it. We took all of our napkins and patted off the grease before we could eat it. The salad was good but hey...it's a salad. What makes this stand out though....was the Chicken Sofia. I got the Chicken Sofia on Gnocchi and let me tell you, I've not had something taste that good in a longgggg time. The Gnocchi needed more salt, I don't know if they cook them in Salt Water but they should (personal opinion) either way I added a little salt and they were fine. The portion was HUGE and I mean HUGE! So much chicken and gnocchi it was crazy and the price was spot on! I would come back here for this which is crazy because the service was bad but with a different waitress I think it would have been a better experience....though I'd never get the pizza again. Definitely though, their entrees are crazy amazing! Chicken Sofia is something I've been craving again already!
I love pizza. I really really love pizza. It's my favorite food. Unfortunately I have been unable to find good pizza since leaving the New York Metro area. Consol's came highly recommended. So I was excited. And then I was let down. My girlfriend ordered two grilled pies to go; one artichoke, and one margherita with mushrooms and peppers. The first weird thing is the ridiculously stupid packaging that they came in. No boxes. They just came wrapped in a sheet of paper. We only live about 5 minutes from the place, but the pizzas were cold and soggy by the time they got to our place. Second thing, the pies were not sliced. Why in the world would I want to cut my own pizza? Was it an oversight? If so, was it an oversight for both pizzas? I've never heard of such a thing. After slicing the pies myself and reheating them in my oven, I finally got a chance to taste. The margherita + peppers + mushrooms was good, but not great. The artichoke pizza was dry. Both had very chewy crusts, and not in a good way. Perhaps this was a consequence of having to reheat them myself. I ended up storing more than half of the artichoke pizza as leftovers, but I seriously doubt that I'll finish it. It wasn't very good. Maybe the dine-in experience is better, but I'll never know because I won't be going back there. To the business owner: Put your pizzas in pizza boxes. That paper thing is just a bad idea.
Consol's is definitely one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Broome County.  If you go, I highly recommend the portobella mushroom appetizer (with fresh spinach, roasted red peppers and feta cheese).  As far as entrees, you can't go wrong with the Chicken Milanese or the Rigatoni with Vodka Cream Sauce.  Their grilled pizzas are also tasty.  Also be sure to save room for dessert because they have the most delicious Chocolate Cake I've ever had!  The frosting is amazing.  My only complaint about Consol's is the small bar area and the tables don't have the most leg room (I'm 6' 4" so that becomes a hassle).  Otherwise for a great homemade Italian meal and a friendly staff I highly recommend Consol's for your next meal out!
Seafood marinara!   Homemade pasta!    :)
I can't think of a bad meal I have had here.  One of the best italian stops in broome county.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is that my pizza is cold by the time i get it home, but thats half the battle!  Their pizza is delicious and I could easily eat an entire pie by myself.
It's been quite a while since I've been here.  I haven't been back because I went with four people and all were dissatisfied with the meal, including the pizza.  I was told this is "real italian food" by a person who recommended it, but I don't think so!!  Would recommend Oak's Inn right across the street any day!
Consol's is my favorite restaurant for pizza...anywhere!  I look forward to it on every occasion that I am in the area.  Its thin crust and sweet sauce cannot be beat.  The other dinner selections are also exceptional for family style Italian, and a great value for the low price.  The service is always friendly.  If there is a wait, have a seat at the bar.  It will be worth it.
Hands-down some of the best tasting Italian food in the area. You get huge portions for very little money. For example recently I had the veal Parmesan, and the leftovers lasted me for two lunches.
Solid family style Italian in a hard scrabble town in New York.  The restaurant is very friendly, service with a smile and seemed to be fairly popular on a Wednesday night.  I had the Italian Trio:  Homemade Spaghetti, 1/2 Chicken Parm and a manicotti (a folded flat pasta rather than a tube).  It was all good and went down easy with the house Chianti.  This is Italian well done like you might get at someone's home.  Didn't try the pizza but saw several that looked quite tempting.  There are a lot of choices in the Binghamton area and this is a good one for a casual family experience.  The prices were beyond reasonable.
Excellent Italian.  Have been here several times, but never did the pizza.  If going the pasta route be sure to order the homemade for the extra $0.60 or so, well worth the difference.  Have always enjoyed the chicken and veal dishes.  Excellent bar for spirits but go with the bottled wines rather than the house choices.
In a town full of local Italian eateries, this one is okay. Most of their dished where huge...and covered in sauce. IE the lasagna was a large piece and covered in red sauce. Their regular pizza is good. I ventured out and had the grilled pizza. It wasn't my favorite and will not be ordering it again. It reminded me of a pita with toppings on it. The toppings were great...whole roasted garlic, sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke. I would just prefer a more traditional style pizza. The new outdoor patio is nice. It overlooks the ball fields next door.
I have lived in Endicott almost my whole life but my family was never a "Consol's family". However, in the past year we have made this place a regular stop in our restaurant rotation.  Our kids love it for it's pizza and spaghetti and we enjoy their other dishes. speaking of their pizza, it is great and you gotta love how they wrap it up in paper when you get one to go.
Dinner last night with the girlfriends at the Consol's satellite restaurant near Binghamton University campus.  Great waitress, pleasant, did a good job selling the entrees and was quick with our food.  I had the rigatoni maria -- portions were huge, tasty and hot.  Definitely a place for a return visit.
The grilled margarita pizza is THE BEST PIZZA ON THE PLANET. Whenever I visit my family in NY, my brother-in-law drives four hours just to bring us this pizza.
Consol's is a place that my girlfriend has been raving about for the longest time.  I finally got to see what all the hype was about this past weekend.  We started out with the antipasto which was very good.  The pizza was the main attraction that I was waiting to try.  We got two pies consisting of grilled chicken and the other was margarita style.  I loved the thinness of the pizza.  The sauce on both pizzas was delicious and very unique. I can't wait to go back to Consol's for more.
Consols was the second stop in our Italy 607 Tour. We were in a party of 11 and were seated once everyone had arrived with no issue. The place was busy but not as bad as it could have been on a Saturday night. The bartender was super friendly and helpful and suggested food as well as drink specials. That was nice! Our server "Rachel" was incredible considering our group size. Very good service from her! To start, I recommend everyone try one of their grilled pizzas! We had the margeherita and it was fantastic. Bread served is plain with butter, nothing too exciting, but at least it's something. For my entree I got the chicken Sophia which I've heard is one of their best. It was sooo good! They do a great garlic cream sauce! Highly recommend. Their red sauce is pretty solid, kinda plain, but thick enough to still be good. We got their homemade chocolate cake to go and it was moist and delicious. Consols is great if u order the right items, but not everything is perfection. I've had cold ish lasagna before and I'm not impressed with their wine selection because they offer things like Sutter Home, but at least at a reasonable price. If u check this place out, stick to the menu items that are recommended and u won't be disappointed!
I've been to Consol's a bunch of times but have yet to be blown away. It's definitely a landmark and many people swear by it as being the best Italian that the area has to offer. It's not. The grilled pizza is pretty good but the pie I got was VERY greasy. When I tried the Vodka Rigatoni, it was very watery and kind of funky tasting. I will say the manicotti was very good. The atmosphere is lacking something. Too cramped, too bright or something.  Go up the street to Oaks Inn instead.
I've heard the pizza here was fantastic - but I have to say I've absolutely had better.  The soup (Pasta Fagoli) was very watery and runny - not very tasty. My friend ordered a veal cutlet and the portion was gigantic.  Good service. I wouldn't say this place was bad but I wouldn't give it more than 3.5 stars.
A staple of the area. Get the gnocchi. You won't be sorry.
We were there on a Wednesday evening with another couple  The service was good and quick. I had the home made spaghetti with meatballs. The pasta was quite good. The meatballs, were good but the sauce was just ok. Not my kind of sauce I guess. The wife had the gnocchi which she said was quite good with a good size portion. Another person had the fucilli Maria. Which she said was good  The fourth person had a steak special. He ordered it med rare and it ended up more rare than medium. For desert we got a couple pieces of the chocolate cake which was excellent. I gave this only 3 stars because it was all pretty good but nothing to write home about. All of the portions were good and the prices were not overly high.
Consol's in Endicott is a great place for a few specific menu items. Their regular pizza is my absolute favorite in the area. It is consistently delicious and has a nice thin crust. The Gnocchi Bianca is another dish I crave and can only satisfy at Consol's, it's flavorful and so good every time, opposed to some of the other pasta dishes I have tried, which lack flavor and enough seasoning. My last recommendation is their chicken cutlet with mushroom sauce. Again, consistent, well flavored and satisfying. Unfortunately this is not a place I am adventurous with anymore, but a good place for a few favorites.
I just ordered a pizza and for the first time, he identified himself as Matt and was extremely pleasant. Thank you Matt . You made me want to call again. However the pizza is still great.
Moved to this area 8 years ago and Consol's is the only place I have found that knows how to make pizza.
Consol's Kitchen is all about the pizza. It  reminds me of Chef Boyardee. Really thin crust and crispy. If you get it to go, they wrap it up in paper which I've never seen anywhere else. On a recent trip the spaghetti was really undercooked and the meatball was cold. The salad was so-so at best. My kids wouldn't eat anything but the pizza which was awesome. They all agreed that they'd go back  but only for the pizza. I like it because it reminds me of Duff's when I was a kid. Price is awesome but the pies are so thin you might want to order several.
mismatched tables,seats, building (wtf, you will see). I am not a fan, nothing really good to say about it unless if you grew up eating at the place.
the margherita pizza is to die for, especially if you like big roasted garlic cloves that you can smush and smear all over the pizza. the best italian restaurant i've been to in the binghamton area to date.
