Would definitely recommend coming here w friends! Very homey, rustic, woodsy, cabin-feel -- I love it!!  Friendly service, spacious rooms, and dependable shuttle service to the mountains. The lodge is located very closely to the mountains, around a 5-10 min ride away, and the hotel has a place outside its fronts doors for you to leave your skis/snowboards in case you just want to leave them somewhere when you go for a quick lunch break. My favorite part of the room is the loft (upstairs room w/ large full-sized bed, bathroom, closet, and tv.) The loft is basically its own mini hotel room and the stairs lead you down to the first floor, very large and spacious (common room w couch + tv, closet, bathroom, small kitchen + dining table). The entire hotel room (loft + first floor) can fit 6-8 people: -1 full sized bed (loft) -1 full-sized sofa bed (first floor) -1 pull-out full-sized bed from the closet (first floor) Great for college groups looking to go out for a nice ski trip! The hotel also has an INDOOR WATER PARK. There're 2 huge watertubing slides, small playgrounds for children, an indoor pool with makeshift ocean waves, and best of all, the various temperature spas (cold, cool, warm, hot). The hot water spa leads outdoors and iIronically the contrast of cold air on your skin while sitting in hot scorching water feels so refreshing. You can definitely just sit outside and enjoy the cool mountain air - so so beautiful at night! Definitely leans towards the expensive side but worth the experience!
***Disclaimer*** This review is only an assessment of the Cascades Indoor Waterpark only and does not speak to the quality of the hotel or restaurants. Expensive! That is the first thing that comes to mind. If you want to just come for the waterpark you are going to pay a whopping $35/ per person. Let me put this in perspective.... Enchanted Forest Water Safari which is the Biggest waterpark in New York is cheaper for a daily admission and has far more to offer. Cascades offers only 2 water slides that adults can use. The wave pool is nice and it runs waves for a while. It was my kids favorite part. I do like the indoor/ outdoor pool and hot tub that can be used in just about any weather. We spent most of our free time in the 3 pools. If you are going to go I would suggest waiting until they have a community day and offer tickets for $15/PP it is slightly more worth it for that. However I don't believe we will be going again. They do have a snack bar near the pool. However it is very expensive. A cheeseburger alone will set you back $6.I would suggest drying off and heading into Cortland for a bite at one of their many restaurants. The facility was clean and since we went in the middle of the week it wasn't very busy (though something tells me it never gets very busy). Overall it's safe to say we will not be returning. It wasn't that we had a bad experience just that it wasn't really worth it.
The weather was rainy so the indoor water park saved the weekend. Plenty of trails nearby and wineries not far away. The full kitchen is helpful and convenient, especially since the restaurant isn't anything to write home about. I had a groupon, but would not pay full price.
BEST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! GREAT SCENERY!!! GREATEST WAY TO GET AWAY!! Activities for all ages over 32" Be ready to spend a pretty penny but it is well worth it. Staff are great and willing to bargain for the customer.  Rooms are very spacious and the atmosphere is very quiet and serene. Also great for a family with children 2yrs and over. Snow tubing,  indoor water park, restaurants, great mall in syracuse called the Carousel/ Destiny USA Mall 45min away from hotel. This mall has everything shopping, restaurants, movies amd other entertainment/activities.   Pros: Lobby entertainment for all ages throughout the day. Shuttle bus to take to different events and restaurants. Cons: Everything is closed by 10pm. (March,2014)
Beautiful outdoor scenery, however, extremely poorly managed and sad service. Avoid.
This place is an absolute joke. To tell you everything that went wrong in our 2 night stay here would take way too much time and they've already wasted enough of mine. We were treated more like an inconvenience to them than actual paying customers. Even after getting a "great deal" on the room from Groupon I still feel 100% that my 5 friends and I were STIFFED. We were honestly waiting for someone to come around a corner with a camera and microphone and tell us we were on a prank show. The staff (managers especially) were completely incompetent and it felt like they didn't care at all or were just huge airheads. With every "unfortunate event" we were told the "real manager" wasn't in and to talk to Bonnie in the morning. Well I'm convinced this "Bonnie" character doesn't exist because every time we were told to go see her she would be nowhere to be found. I arrived at hope lake lodge with the expectation of having a fun, relaxing ski weekend with my fiance and our 4 friends. I left feeling like they insulted my intelligence and put a damper on what was to be a nice getaway. I've stayed at all kinds of resorts and hotels, ranging from dingy motels to 5-star ritz carltons; I know good service when I see it and I know the difference between a staff that tries hard and is just having bad luck and a staff that simply doesn't care. This staff could care less. Worst customer service experience of my life, by far. The mountain was great and our half day of skiing was fun, but if I ever drove up to Cortland to go skiing again I'd be better off paying some college kids to let me sleep on their futon. I'd probably run into much of the staff on campus anyway. I would recommend Hope Lake Lodge to my worst enemies and that's about it. Awful experience.
Great ride from Dutchess County. Stayed in the River Rock suite. Was perfect for 2 adults and 4 preteens. Clean rooms and very courteous and accommodating staff. Full kitchen was stocked with utensils, pots, pans and plates. Walmart and Price chopper were 10 mins from the lodge so we were able to cook most meals. Waterpark and arcade were entertaining the first day. Girls got bored the 2nd day but it was nice to have the waterpark and arcade all in one place. Would definitely recommend to others.
The physical appearance of this place and the quality of the rooms is excellent. We had a side by side. Nice space, really clean and comfortable. Now all the down sides. They cheapens out on the LCDs in the rooms. They shod have been larger. And they could have done a nicer job with wiring. If that was the only issue I would have rated it higher. What really drove us crazy that in order to use the pool you had to buy a pass for the park. It's such a gimmick to have the water park there and to include the pool. What hotel does anyone go to that doesn't have a pool?   We did go to the water park twice during our stay. It's certainly not worth $31 a person. And can you believe that they would charge $15 for an observer?  We have a six year old. I guess they feel it's okay to let the 6 year old in by himself without parental supervision. The whole pool thing really upset us.  And the staff at the place are not friendly or helpful Maybe this place is different in the winter. In the summer it's not worth it
I have everything good to say about this hotel. Very family oriented (for 2 adults and a 3 and 6 year old).  Everything is in great shape and in a beautiful setting. The room was very nice. We had a loft room (master bedroom upstairs, fold out couch, kitchen, additional bathroom downstairs). We ate in the hotel resto, it was unremarkable, but fine for what we needed. They utlize a waterprood wristband which serves as the door key and allows access to waterpark- great idea! Next time we will probably just bring our own food since the kitchen had everything we would need for cooking. We will definitely visit again. We are also planning to visit with an all adult group to ski.
I was surprised to find out it was a green hotel! The water in the waterpark didnt have the stench of chlorine and i was happy to hear that they were conscious of that as i'm paranoid about chlorine getting in my skin. I snowshoed here for the first time and was surprised to find that i enjoyed it. I experienced the perfection of snowflakes for the first time on that walk! The staff is sooo wonderful, they felt like friends. Great for kids, even if they dont end up liking skiing. If you ever run into the owners, Al and Gayle, ask them where the bar countertop came from and you'll hear a nice story. The trees that were cut down to make the ski resort were used to make the homes and lodges in the area! That makes me feel so much better about the ski resort :)
We spent the best time ever with my two kids and family , hotel is very clean nice stuff nice water park and fresh air, will come back again soon, thank you
Took the kids and stayed in anajoining room with cousins and their kids.  I expected the room to be larger but In essence it was just enough.  Equipped with a gas fireplace and outdoor space we were comfortable.  It was just enough for a two night stay.  One day indoor watermark and arcade and one day tubing.  Any more would have been boring.  The babysitting service allowed the kids to stay one evening and serve them dinner while the adults got out, for a fee of course. That was a definite perk.  Would definitely recommend but at the groupon  price.  I believe it would have been double if we did not have the groupon.
I've been here twice and loved it both times. First, I took my kids for a family vacation. At the time they were 3, 5, and 15. There truly is something for everyone and we all had a blast. Luckily the waterpark was included when we stayed because we spent a lot of time. Now the indoor waterpark isn't as big as other resorts, fair enough, but it is big enough and tons of fun. Unfortunately, it's no longer included so when I went back this year with some girlfriends for a "bridal party getaway" it cost over $30 per person per day. But I won't deduct a star for that. Even though it's pricier, we were happy to only spend a few hours on the water slides and in the pool. We didn't need to go back everyday. More importantly, because they separated the water park the rates on the rooms are so much lower than before... so we had more money to spend at the spa I strongly recommend this place because it is a true vacation. As soon as you enter, you immediately feel like you've traveled to a different world. Everything is so rustic and relaxing, and the rooms are huge. When I went with the kids, we stayed in the Eagle's Nest Suite, and when I went with the girls it was in the Split Rock Suite. Both rooms were very luxurious, from a balcony with a majestic view of the mountains down to the tiniest details- even the drawer handles had the rustic North woods aura. Loved every second of it and can't wait to go back! Oh, and if you're planning a visit there you simply must go on the zip lines at the Outdoor Adventure Center!
Come here for a nice weekend getaway! Hope Lake Lodge is up in Cortland, NY (kind of a silent hill looking town) but it's perfect if you want to spend some QT with a significant other or take a bunch of kids to let them run wild. I completely forgot there was an indoor water park and I left my suit at home but luckily for me there was an arcade area that sold swim suits! I'm not much of a water person unless there is sand, sun and a refreshing cocktail is involved but I had an amazing time in the wave pool. My favorite part was the restaurant area on site so you didn't have to travel far. We had the buffet for breakfast both mornings, pasta with wine one night, and a large oven pizza. There is also a bar next to the restaurant. The rooms were absolutely beautiful, we had a huge villa so there was plenty of space. There wasn't any snow when I came here  so the slopes were dry but I'm absolutely sure that the Hope Lake Lodge area turns into an amazing ski lodge during the colder months.
We chose this place after buying a groupon deal. Despite having to upgrade the rooms due to limited availability due to said deal, this place is awesome!!! One of the first things you will notice about the lodge is the enormous size of it. Despite only being 5 floors, the lodge is extremely long. The 5th floor has two story rooms which houses another bedroom and bathroom. Each room is beautifully decorated with wood from top to bottom. It gives you a very warm lodge feeling. The restaurant has very good food as well, which was great since we didn't have to leave and could just go downstairs to eat. The shrimp scampi was great, and the buffet breakfasts were ok as well. My favorite part of Hope Lake Lodge had to be the indoor water park. There were two slides that were embedded externally to the building, which dropped you back off inside after traveling through dark tunnels. Then next two slides were smaller slides that stayed inside the building, but limited to small children. There was also a wave pool, and a pool with two water basketball hoops, as well as a castle thingy for kids to climb up and use the water pistols. And finally my favorite part of the water park was the path to go outside in the pool. Despite only being 40 degrees outside on an October night, we were warm and cozy under the water. A must try!
A superb hotel and quarter-timeshare destination. The owners, who also developed Greek Peak, can be found almost every evening at the place. They (Al and Gayle) have been working on this resort for many decades. The staff is incredibly friendly and you can spend a long time getting to know everyone of them and their family members who apparently all work there. It is really a 5-star, hotel-sized bread and breakfast. With the waterpark and spa,the zip line and adventure course, the golf courses, mountain biking, and the Finger Lakes nearby this will also be a summer destination. It currently is best suited for families with children under 12, but with the waterpark expansion and  the adventure park facilities, this will also become a great summer destination for the non-kids crowd.
I recently stayed here at the resort as it was a central location for a Mary Kay conference. No snow on the ground this time...fine by me. Pros: staff was very friendly and attentive when it came to dining (quick to clear plates and meet any extra needs), rooms were spacious, comfy beds, gorgeous balconies, continental breakfast had a great selection, impressive lobby area (def that hunting lodge feel). Cons: not much lighting in the rooms, our coffee supply was not replaced when the maids came in to replace the towels even our old coffee cups were still sitting on the table, need better signage at the end of the halls, no fan in the bathroom. I did not have time to enjoy the water park or much else because it was a work conference but the Acropolis building (down the road a bit and there was shuttle transportation) was very nice. The only problem was a dysfunctional thermostat and a room full of ladies - not the best combo. But they did their best to accommodate. If I was a skiier and lived closer, I'd definitely come back. Otherwise a great place to stay.
Not even sure where to start with this one. I was pleasantly surprised with our experience here. I purchased a Groupon deal for $299, for 4 people for 2 nights, including waterpark passes for each person for one day and breakfast for everyone both days...not a bad gig especially when the waterpark is nearly $40 per person. Certainly would not have paid that price. We arrived, checked in with no problem. As others have mentioned, the place is huge! The hallways are so long. We got to our room with one queen bed and a pullout couch, also a full kitchen with pots and pans and a nice fireplace that turns on with a button. haha. To save money we brought food and ate in our room which was fine for us! After dinner we had some drinks and made our way around the Lodge, first stop was at the arcade. Yes...we're all in our late 20's cruising around this lodge catered to families with children...with a buzz. Winning! Next stop was in the lobby to get a drink. Beer selection was not good, and served in plastic cups. Not really a "hangout" for adults that's for sure. Back to the room we went. We had brunch in the morning, buffet style....NOW we got a feel of the crazy amount of kids at this place! Holy moly. BUT, I will give major props that when you walk into the Lodge, nothing screams "tons of kids are here" which was awesome. But I think we were the only group there without children, no big deal. After breakfast we packed up lunch and with some help from the from desk headed to some wineries and distilleries on Cayuga Lake (past Ithaca), about 35 minutes away. Lunch at BoatYard Grill (see my review yelp.com/biz/the-boatyar…) and then to Ithaca Brewery (see my review yelp.com/biz/ithaca-beer…). We got back around 6pm and went straight to the water park. Interesting. I would NOT pay full price for this, nor would I pay the fee for a "spectator", luckily it was included so let's not dwell. We headed straight into the pool from the inside which has a "curtain" going to the outside..it was early December and cold but the water still did not feel overly warm. We quickly jumped in the hot tub outdoors which also had the curtain divider to go indoors. It was nice... the two water slides were nice as well. One lets you go bareback and the other with a tube alone or with a partner. There was also a wave pool, children's pool, "playground" and basketball area along with showers, lockers and towels and a small food court. The Lifeguards were ALL miserable, not friendly in the least. And not because they have an important job, they were just all in terrible moods. So I think I touched on the major parts of our stay. The workers were all very pleasant and helpful (a little back-woodsy), the Lodge was clean, the room was fab. For the price you can't beat it, but I would not stay without a "deal" or "special" or if I had to pay breakfast and water park separately. Pretty neat place, check out the pictures.
Had a great time! We used a groupon as well and would definately go back! Our son was too short for the tubing but did enjoy the mountain roller coaster and waterpark. We did leave and go to the ithaca Brewery which was amazing and highly recommend the beer and food! I hope another Groupon comes along and I will purchase!
The front desk and restaurant people are terrible! Really bad attitude!
I have taken my family of 6 to the lodge and water park several times. The rooms are clean and the amenities are fabulous. We have always had a fabulous time at the Lodge. We have stayed in several of the different room styles and they are all excellent. The water park is loads of fun and the kids always enjoy themselves and blow off a ton of energy!!! I must also comment that it is extremely safe and there are tons of lifeguards that have always been helpful with our four boys that are all between 2-8 yrs old! In our experience, the staff has always been extremely kind and professional! They have always accommodated us and gone out of their way to make our families stay a pleasant, memorable experience! I would certainly recommend visiting the lodge at any time of year. We have always had a great time and fun memories for our family!!!
Great brand new hotel at Greek Peak Ski Resort. Nice rustic themed rooms - waterpark and free shuttle to ski area across the street. Fun place for kids, only downside is that the hotel and ski resort are all there is to do. Good food at the restaurants, nice escape place for the family.
I brought my niece and nephew here yesterday to use the water park for the day. Overall we had a great experience and the kids had a ball.  There are lifeguards everywhere and it is a very safe environment for kids.  My issue is there were never enough towels...at one point I had to wait an hour to get one so I would bring your own.  The other issue was the Edgewater Grill.  I waited 45 min to get a hotdog and 3 pretzels.  I would recommend bringing some snacks and water bottles with you even though they say you are not allowed to bring food into the water park.  I have no problem spending money on food there but when it takes 45 minutes to get a few items, it is a bit ridiculous and took away from our water park time.
We bought a Groupon to visit Hope Lake Lodge . We weren't aware of this park prior to the promo. The drive was an easy 6 hours with beautiful fall scenery. The room had a full kitchen, fireplace, balcony, and was very clean!  The water park was fun and staff were pleasant! The water was kept at the perfect temp. The restaurant catered to special diets. We also brought our own food too.  The mountain coasters. euro bungees & zip lines were also a blast! Perfect family get-away! We will be back!
Me and my  family are here at hope lake lodge we ask for coffee  at the first floor and they said the coffee is  frozen and they told us to use our coffee machine on our  room and the filter is dirty we waiting  for them to do Something we hope to drink  coffee tonight we waiting for them for about an hour now.
