Beautiful location and a great place to walk around on a warm fall afternoon.  A great city overall to visit and hike around but these Commons is a place to relax and grab a bite to eat or shop.  It's closed off to traffic and is a safe place to stroll and window shop.  There are little playgrounds for kids and different sculptures and art to look at.   Overall, highly recommend if you're in the area and have some time to kill whether you're visiting Cornell or Ithaca College or there for the lake and parks.
We'd been looking forward to strolling around Ithaca Commons during a day trip to town.  My boyfriend had been a student at Ithaca College nearly a decade ago, and last Monday's adventure was his first time back to the area since he graduated.  Me, this trip to The Commons was my first. Located a few miles from campus in downtown Ithaca, Ithaca Commons consists of several square blocks of shops, restaurants, and bars.  There's also artwork to enjoy, some street vendors and performers, a small playground, and a good number of communal benches, tables, and chairs. A pretty area, though one that has clearly been affected by the recession:  we couldn't help but notice many vacant stores.  In fact, my boyfriend noticed that Benchwarmers, a popular bar during his college days, had apparently closed, moved, and closed again.  Another once-popular Ithaca Commons institution that is no more?  Gino's, a pizza joint that used to occupy space next door to Simeon's.  My guy used to live directly above Gino's, and I can attest to the look of utter disappointment on his face when he rounded the street corner with excitement only to discover that Gino's is gone. Ithaca Commons is a cool area that I don't doubt is enjoyed by Ithaca and Cornell students and, as in my boyfriend's case, remembered fondly by alumni.
Yay! I LOVE the commons. Sometimes I'd walk down from the Cornell campus, which was nice because it's all downhill but the walk back was pretty rough. This is where they host the Apple festival and the Chili festival, both are events I think of fondly. There are a few consignment shops as well as random stores that sell candles and jewelry and what have you. There are plenty of restaurants with all different cuisines, Thai, Korean, American, pizza, smoothies, etc. I think the Commons is really charming and cute, but that could be a biased view since I lived in Ithaca for 4 years. I don't know how charmed I would be if someone took me here on holiday.
A stop at the Commons in a must for visitors to Ithaca. It's the perfect place to stroll and take in all the wonderful creativity, freedom, and fun that is this great little town. Boutiques, book store, eco-shops, health-conscious eateries, and more ring the pedestrian-only plaza. On the benches, you're likely to see poets, musicians, and general characters hanging out. It's a colorful neighborhood and a great place to spend a couple hours meandering.
A good place to check out for a stroll.   A must wander for Ithaca visitors. Lots of food/ shopping options in a cute college town.  This area definitely caters to the college students.
I had a great time wandering the commons. Open air malls full of small artistic local shops are always great finds.
If you're visiting Ithaca, you can't not see the commons.
There is no place like The Commons! In fact there's no place as wonderful and beautiful as Ithaca! Its got so much charm, character, the university and college are great. Then with the lake and hills topped with THE COMMONS! I love it! Always went when in high school and now living out in AZ, I ALWAYS make it to Ithaca when home here in Syracuse!
We'd heard some good things about the Commons, but frankly it was a bit of a disappointment. There were a lot of panhandlers (some dude asked my daughter for 75 cents), burnt-out looking hippies and shuttered stores. A concert was scheduled, but only six or seven people were in attendance. It all seemed a little sad and desperate. I must say that Angry Mom's Records was awesome though, an incredible selection of rare and obscure LPs, so if you are there and music is your thing, check it out. Otherwise ... meh.
