Great dive bar with tons of craft beer selections.  if you are a fan of IPA's, they offer a lot of choices.  most nights they offer drink chips as BOGO's.   pizza is great.  Steak Delux sandwich is enormous and my favorite.   Lots of TV's for NFL Ticket sundays. Bartenders are awesome, especially Jill and Kayte. as previously stated, avoid the bathrooms if at all possible.
I have to thank Em R. for introducing me to Acme Bar & Pizza. I have an unwavering, yet unfounded relationship with Jeremiah's Tavern, so it's hard for me to visit any other bar on Monroe Ave.  However, Acme Bar & Pizza was a pleasant surprise. First of all, their bottled beer selection sets them apart from other bars. They have an AMAZING selection that constantly rotates depending on the season. According to the bartender, they carry more porters and stouts during the winter and more IPAs during the warmer months. I tried Kona's Koko Brown coconut beer for the first time at Acme. I was also happy to see bottles of Flying Dog in the fridge. Secondly, their 2 for 1 happy hour is amazing. The amazing part is that it's available 7 days a week, between 5-7 pm, and includes well drinks, bottled and draft beers. Usually this ends up being $3 for a bottle of import/craft beer, quite the deal. Lastly, Acme's bar food is good. I was psyched about trying their Cajun tater tots, but they were somewhat underwhelming. They tasted average to me; pretty similar to the ones served at my hospital cafeteria. Maybe they went easy on the Cajun seasoning. I tried one of Em's wings and it was good, but I still prefer Jeremiah's. The pizza, on the other hand, is good and cheap. Thin sliced NY style pizza for $2, additional toppings for $0.50 extra, you'll be hard-pressed to find a cheaper slice of pie. In terms of quality, maybe a notch below Joe's Brooklyn Pizza, but that's not bad at all. I know my loyalties lie with Jeremiah's Tavern, but Acme's bottled beer selection, happy hour and pizza are tempting me to jump ship. Oh the treachery....
It doesn't get much better than this place. Huge amazing selection of beers. Pizza is so good!
Hmm... Acme was a popular college hangout for grunge hipsters 8 years ago and 3 years ago it was still about the same. But my feelings have changed during my recent visit. It IS getting worse here. The smell and the food is meh. I mean, They need more tables and more servers because I was waiting 40 minutes at a table to get served and then another 40 minutes to get my food which was the Acme Style chicken sandwich. It was edible. The boss sauce is "hot and sweet"... not really what I remembered though. I probably won't return to Acme the next time I visit my in-laws in Rochester.  Sorry, I had hope though.
This is a dive bar. Go to the bathroom before you get there. That said, it is an amazing dive bar. The pizza is the best in Rochester when it's fresh, the third when it's not. Damn good beer specials and a great selection of craft beers. Pool table.
Acme holds a dear place in my heart. I came here all through college while I was in Rochester at RIT. I love the jukebox. I love the pizza. I love the drink chips. I love their beer list. I love that the bartenders that were there when I was in college are still there. I love the dingy divey bathrooms (not really, but hey, it is what it is). Must stop place for me when I'm in the area.
Good dive-ish bar.  I say -ish because the clientele ranges from "guy-crying-into-his-beer-at-10am" to hipsters to college bros with popped collars, and none of them seem out of place.  The food is fantastic (Pizza and tater tots...) and the drink specials can't be beat, especially the BOGO deals.  The service is tops, whether you sit at a table and get a waitress or at the bar. This place is often packed late night, but offers a nice alternative to some of the other types of clubby bars on Monroe and East.  Its a good place to meet up with a friend and unwind during happy hours or Saturday/Sunday afternoons. This is not a super clean place with overly friendly servers.  They bust balls and the bathrooms leave something to be desired, but go in there knowing you can grab a great slice and a unique beer from their selection and you will not be disappointed.
Awesome beer selection and specials. Food is actually great and you can't beat $2 pizza slices. I'm only giving 3 stars because the bartenders are always shitty, they have the worst attitudes. Other than that I love Acme.
A classic dive bar in every sense. Decent bar food if you're hungry. Avoid the bathroom at all costs.
As everyone says, great pizza. Huge, cheap slices and I love that they use the smaller thick pepperoni. I've tried the tater tots and other bar food and it's all good! Great beer selection (bottles). Diverse crowd, but that's what I like about it. Everyone fits in. Only con is that the bartenders are very unfriendly, one in particular. Having been in the restaurant industry, I'm polite and always tip exceptionally well and always get an attitude from a particular bartender no matter how hard I try. Also, sat down at a table once on a steady but not busy night and service was slowwww. Needless to say though, I'll keep coming back!
Best pizza ever. they have a great beer selection too. Its my favorite bar in rochester next to marshal st. just took a friend here for his 21st. Best night of his life he will never remember!
This is a neighborhood bar, in the good sense of the word. It has an eclectic and friendly crowd, a great selection of beers, and pretty decent bar food. The bar is old and needs an update, but it does add to the atmosphere for the neighborhood. All in all, a great place to get a few beers, and have a good time with friends
I LOVE THIS BAR! Not to be weird but I have many memories here... it always gets the best of me. Had myself 2 slices of cheese. Typically I get one but the bar tender fudged up my order so I ate the extra piece like a maverick. Plus 10 acme style wings to share extra crispy always hits the spot. Best happy hour on Monroe considering their extensive beer selection. I am watching the U.S. national soccer team beat Mexico 2 to 0 it is the 82nd min and I am pumped with my mates. My spot to go on Monroe.
Me and my cousin went to get a slice and a beer for their happy hour, which was great: Two for one with some beers. I took a star off because the bartender didn't know much about the beer selection, but she is nice and the bar has 10 TVs so that's a good make up. Full bar, 30+ beer selections, 10 TVs, pool table, darts, and pretty great pizza slices. ?Talky regulars, and there was a soccer game on. Really good experience and not too noisy. I might bump it up to 5 stars if the happy hour selection was better! Calzone looked really great too!
I come here once in a while. Tons of beers, dive bar that doesnt feel dirty. Sports on. Not pretentious. One of the few places that still has rap music in the joke box. Cool BOGO deals during the day. Pizza is great. Staff is great. Diverse crowd. What more can you really ask for.
I can see the appeal of this place if you are going somewhere to get drunk or are already drunk.... it is really cheap. I think I made a mistake going to ACME stone cold sober at 7pm on Monday. Some old drunk guy playing pool kept sitting at my table when I was trying to have a heart to heart with my gal pal. Then he started asking me for a pen. Sorry, bro. I don't have pen to give you. Then he got all huffy when I asked him to sit somewhere else. A huge bucket of tater tots are $3.75. You can also just buy the same ones at any grocery store though. The pizza was meh to me. $2 for a slice is pretty swell though. WHY DON'T YOU HAVE NACHOS ON YOUR MENU?! Sad face. Service wasn't great. Our waitress kept disappearing and leaving lots of plates on our table. I'll try ACME again when I want to watch a game or for the specials and maybe a greasy snack but not for dinner.
Last week I had a long walk and then had gone to Lilac Laundry nearby to do some laundry, so there I was up to my elbows in socks and dirty shirts, can I wash cotton with nylon? Do I REALLY have to separate the whites? The seems like a colorist way to do laundry. And I decided to say screw it, I threw it all in one machine and decided I needed a beer. I walked down the street and stopped in to Acme. I know during the day they do buy one get one free drinks so I decided to treat myself. Now last time I went I got a drink and when I ordered my next I was told that was too high a caliber beer and they listed off my choices. This time I got a nice draft beer and didn't get a buy one get one chip at all... WTF? This place has some super peculiar and complicated drinking rules. I also got a slice  of pizza which was burnt but by the time that came out I had already had my fancy beer and a pbr (which did include a BOGO chip) and I had to get back to my laundry so I ate it anyway. They have a few arcade games and I do recommend both their tater tots and their chicken wings.  They also have a tiny little beer garden in the back where you can step out with a drink and have a smoke. Not a bad place to enjoy a slice and a drink but the service is slow and the customers can be on young/immature side at times like the rest of Monroe.
I have been to Acme for lunch during the week. Their tater tots, chicken sandwiches and pizza all make for a decent (albeit far from healthy) lunch. The service is always stupendously slow. I have no idea why. I work downtown and can never make it to Acme and back in an hour for lunch. My co workers typically enjoy Acme's permanent BOGO on beer. I enjoy what I am certain is Diet RC Cola. Acme at night is a slightly different place. It is a popular bar but you typically don't have anyone literally rubbing shoulders with you. The bartenders are friendly and fast. The crowd is an ecletic mix of "do you even lift, bro?" fist pumpers, "I am wearing these thick black rimmed glasses, ratty shirt and giant beard ironically " hipsters and "I am too old for this but need a drink" late 20-early 30s yuppies. They also have a couple of pool tables but they always seem to be taken. If you really hate the music, you can change it up at the jukebox with some change. My friend who visited the bathroom told me it is located at the bottom of some shifty stairs so keep that in mind if you are wearing high heels and/or drunk. I don't mind coming here during the day or at night. I just want some tater tots!
Acme is a great bar.  Great beer selection, casual atmosphere, and great drinking food. The tap selection is relatively small, but usually there is something really good on the always rotating tap selection.  If nothing on tap suits your fancy, well then you'll easily find something good in the extensive bottle selection.  They even get limited releases in bottles, and the bottle markup is absurdly low.  Barely above retail markup actually, and I've paid less for some bottles at Acme than they charge at Beers of the World.  Bourbon County stout for $9.50 a bottle? Hell yeah!  A 750 ml bottle of Founders Frangelic Mountain Brown for $9.50 a bottle?  I'll take one!  Two for one on most standard drafts and most bottles as well. The food is fried, salty, and oh so delicious.  The tots are legendary.  Yes, I know they are only cheap tater tots, and no, I don't care.  They are delicious, and that is all that matters.  The wings are great, and the pizza slices are enormous, and piled high with your favorite toppings.  All the other fried selections are great as well.  The food is simple and cheap, and I love it. There are TVs that are tuned in to a wide range of things.  ESPN, the Food Network, and the Travel Channel are usually playing in the afternoon, which I always found funny but very cool.  Big Buck Hunter and darts are fun diversions as well. One caveat: parking can be a hassle, you may end up walking quite a ways when Monroe Ave is busy.
Pizza made me sick, and took an hour to make on a whatever-the-opposite-of-busy-is night. Also our cars got towed. Creepy people hangin' out. Avoid.
Everyone needs one dive bar serving greasy treats all night - this is it for me. Acme isn't anything I would tell my friends or family, "You have to try it!". It's one of those places I think about when I'm drunk and hungry or only have $10 to spend and want two beers and a slice. Oh - did I mention they have pretty good drink specials most nights? I've never been to Acme during the day, but don't know if it will ever be added to me must-try list. Pros - inexpensive - diverse crowd (I don't typically feel under or over dressed there) - late night food Tips - some nights you need to keep an eye out for tables about to leave in order to claim one for yourself - area can get sketchy on certain nights and times - keep a tab open for faster service at the bar - tip nicely and your service will reflect
I love Acme for what it is; a dive with cheapish drinks and delicious NY style pizza. Their slices are HUGE and HOT and you will burn your mouth if you are starving and cannot wait to bite in. Popular local bar which is usually busy at any given time of day.  The bartenders are efficient and welcoming.  My kind of place.
Pretty much the best slice of pizza you can purchase late night in Rochester. It is packed Friday and Saturday night so expect to be a little cramped while placing your order.
So I've held off on doing a review for Acme until recently because I had a little bit of tunnel vision regarding this place.  Let's just say when I visit on Sundays with my buddy Drew, I um...well...how should I put this?  I've been focused more on the view behind the bar than anything else. But last night I went to Acme after night fell and was in a better position to judge it as a bar.  Had a gin and tonic that was a little heavy on the tonic.  We ordered a cheese pizza that was only decent because of the beers that I had BEFORE the g&t.  The crust was a bit chewy. But this is primarily a bar so the above shouldn't really matter too much...please ignore the irony that the word "pizza" in actually in the bar's name. Acme definitely has a respectable selection of beers on tap.  Always a few good craft brews and mainstream beers.  During the day it's 2 for 1 beers so you can't really go wrong...and if you're nice the bartender may let you try a beer before committing to ordering a pint.  Great place for watching sports.  The nightlife crowd is a little creepy according to my friend Pauline.  Guess she encountered some sketchy guys. Overall, I'll definitely go back but only on Sundays during the day with my buddy Drew so if you feel the need to have these parameters for visiting Acme as well...you're going to have to find a guy named Drew.
This is the only sports/dive bar in Rochester that I actually go to regularly and enjoy. It doesn't look like much on the outside (or on the inside for that matter), but it is host to some great beer specials and tasty food items. Drink specials change daily. I try to go on the days they have draft beer specials, because they have a good rotating selection. The only food I ever get is a slice of cheese pizza and the cajun tater tots. Both are incredibly delicious and pair very well with a pint of beer. Be sure to have someone to share the tots with. Actually, the pizza slices are quite large as well, but I usually don't want to share.
By the time we got to Acme, I was already chock full of beer and wings. My 29-year old, drinking in moderation, asleep by 11pm, regularly exercised body was beginning to throb from the punishment to which I had subjected it and I wasn't really looking forward to the force-feeding that was to ensue. I prayed I wouldn't vomit in front of all these strangers. Or that James would do it before me. Our IDs were checked upon entering, which always makes me uncomfortable, but I quickly got over it. My first impression of Acme was, "Wow. This place is a lot cleaner than I was expecting." I then noticed the GIANT selection of bottled beers and respectable selection of beers on tap. Adding to my rapidly growing fondness for this place, it also happened to be $2.50 pint night. Fantastic. James and I each ordered a pint of Lake Placid's Ubu Ale. I had this beer for the first time at a party this past weekend and I really liked it; however, my experience last night was not so pleasant and I eventually determined that Ubu Ale is a great first beer, but a terrible fifth beer. For wings, we decided to go big. And then go home. We settled on 15 wings - half with Painful sauce (Acme's hottest) and half Acme Style (sweet and hot). Somehow, all 15 ended up being Acme Style, but I think that's because James had an ordering malfunction and not a misunderstanding in the kitchen. Not getting the hottest possible wings turned out to be a good decision, judging by the explosive-ass condition we both experienced today, which would have undoubtedly been exacerbated by the Painful wings. Acme's wings were the best of the night, by far. The sauce, which appeared to be a combination of their BBQ and Buffalo sauces, was not overly sweet nor was it overly hot. The wings were big and meaty and the skin was perfectly crisp. Much to our surprise and delight, they remained crispy all the way down to the final wing that had been sitting in sauce the whole time. The flesh was moist, and unlike the wings I  had previously at Jeremiah's, we received them seconds after coming out of the fryer. I almost had to spit out my first bite because it was so damn hot. Additionally, there were about twice as many drumettes as wingettes - a definite plus, in my book. When I saw all the reviews that said Acme was a dive bar, I was slightly worried. Would someone make fun of my flip-flops? Would I be able to peel my flip-flops away from the sticky, beer-soaked linoleum floor? Would someone steal my flip-flops and sell them for drug money? Why do I care so much about my flip-flops? After going there, however, I'm not so sure I agree with the "dive bar" label. Sure, it's cheap, the decor isn't at all trendy, and some sketchy Monroe Ave. drunks probably hang out there during the day, but when I think of a true dive bar, I think of a place where the guys sitting at the bar (and they're ALL guys) are the same ones you see every time you go there. You see them drinking Buds (not Bud Lights) at 11am on Tuesday morning and then again at 2am on Wednesday night. They never leave. They know the toothless, 51 year-old, heavily tattooed bartender by her high school nickname and no one bats an eyelash if one of them sneaks behind the bar and fills up a pint glass up with Jack. In a jam, these guys may work as impromptu bouncers, bartenders, janitors, or even plumbers, doing whatever is necessary so they can keep on drinkin'. If you're looking for dive bar, go to Kelly's in Geneseo. Go to the Wadsworth Grill. Go to the Greenway Pub. Don't go to Acme. Put simply, Acme is a cool bar with good music, outstanding wings, reasonable prices, an extensive beer selection, and a clean floor. I like all those things.
I'm still miffed about my billing error. When presented with my itemized bill, I noticed they included my original draft. They were out of the Winter Ale, so I switched to a Genessee Bock can for $1.50 (on special). The waitress then remember and said she'd change it as she took my credit card. At that point, drinks had been served, some food was coming out, so she was asking for cash payments or credit cards for open tabs. Once we were finished nearly 30-45 minutes later, I received my credit card and receipt. The final amount seemed greater than my purchases and appeared unchanged, so I inquired and she assured it was accurate. I added tip, signed it, and left bothered. I inquired via email 3 days ago and haven't heard back. Regardless of this issue, I enjoyed the food. The generous cajun tater portion was impressive. Those are the perfect late night snack, especially when more cajun seasoning is added. I also ordered a burger and that had some nice salty flavor to it. The waffle fries were great too. Overall, I think Acme is a great place to visit for late night snacks, but doublecheck your itemized bill before you leave.
Any Rochesterian who has been to Acme can tell you why they go: $2 slices of pizza served until 1:30am and a buy-one-get-one-for-free drink special every day until 7pm (you even get a token; it's fun). With these two things said, it's not like I have to write anything else. Sold. Yet, there is more. Acme has the usual charm of a classic dive: it's dark; they have cheap bar food ($4 for a PILE of Cajun spiced tator tots); they have a pool table; they have a diverse selection of beer on tap and bottled; they have good music  1/2 of the time and awesomely bad music for the other  1/2; they have a mixed crowd of Acme locals, Monroe Ave. characters, and young people; Oh, and they have wings. Acme is an all-around experience. It can get loud. It can get crowded. It can get weird. But, it always stays cheap and satisfying. Also, they have Wifi for those who are looking for a nontraditional place to do their freelance work or watch episodes of New Girl--no judgement.
Complete dive bar - with a good, cheap, if low frills, lunch ($2 for a HUGE slice!) and a great 2-for-1 deal DURING LUNCH.   A huge beer selection is a definite plus. You go here for a quiet, out of the way lunch where you're positive your boss isn't going to walk in.  Not for anything approaching gourmet food - but that's okay.  The food they do serve is totally fine.  If you go in expecting more it's your own fault.  If you go in expecting that, you'll be happy.
Acme is one of my favorite bars on Monroe Ave but is definitely a dive. It has a great beer selection and decent slices of pizza. The crust is practically cracker thin but done pretty well. They also have tots, which apparently people love. I like them just fine but am not obsessed with them like some. They do 2 for 1s everyday.
Cheap beer, cheap food, fun crowd, and great bartenders. You can't beat the massive $2 slices and 2 for 1 drinks before 7pm every. single. day. I love going there on Sundays to catch the game, grab the latest brew that's on tap, and maybe play some pool or darts. The crowd can get a little rambunctious at times, but for the most part everyone is moderately courteous.
Great daily beer specials.  Overall good service.  Great pizza/food at great prices. They have pool, darts and Buck Hunter to keep patrons entertained.
I've only been in Rochester for a few months, and I found myself craving ACME's pizza all the time! HUge slices for cheap prices! Also, their happy hour is awesome~ NIce friendly place...... i sitll need to go and try their wings, but gosh damn.... their pizza is so yum!
I love this place! Great place to go with friends on a chill night.  The beers are cheap and great selection, the food is good, and we always end up having a blast and spending like $25!
Mmmm Acme.  You really can't get much better than this place.  Good pizza and an even better selection of beer.  Yes, it can get crowded on the weekends, this is because it's good.  Plenty of choices and a reasonable price.  You want to go out for pizza after a night of drinking?  Well, stay right here and include the pizza with your bar tab on your debit card.  Oh yes, Acme has one of the best beer selections in town.   However, definitely come on the weekdays as well, so you can enjoy your pizza and have enough space to socialize with your friends.  Plus the beer specials are better.   I know this review is a bit lacking, but just remember the moral of the story: party here.
PRO: 1. Cheap huge slices of pizza 2. Pool table and decent amount of seating CON: 1. $10 minimum on credit cards 2. DON'T get a sex on the beach. The bartenders can not make one to save their life. 3. Bathroom is disgusting and gross.
I've been coming to Acme with friends for a few years now and coming from a non drinker it is one of the few places I can actually tolerate. I can only really speak to the food and the environment personally but I can say that all of my beer drinking friends really enjoy their selection and seemingly very reasonable prices. This isn't quite a dive bar but it isn't as polished as a chain like place like the Distillery either. It is dark and has a bunch of TVs focused on sports which is a nice distraction when the conversation drops off for a few mins. The bathrooms are downstairs and are iffy at best most of the time although they have been improved over the last few years. The service is usually prompt and friendly and even with a big group of people they tend to keep up with no problems. The food definitely falls under the bar food category and the selection is fairly large for that style of food. Their pizza is dirt cheap and definitely above average for the style and everyone loves getting a massive basket of tater tots (cajun or regular) and sharing them with friends. I've gotten their chicken parm hot sub on a few occasions and they aren't kidding when they say it is a "jumbo" sub. Finishing one by myself is difficult and I have no complaints about the freshness or the flavor. It always has come out piping hot and well toasted with chicken tenders that are really crispy and well seasoned with salt and pepper. The wings here are of decent size and are crispy without being overdone. Along the same lines as the sub, they have always come out really hot and fresh out of the fryer. I'm not the biggest fan of their sauce (a little on the sweet side for my tastes) but it is by no means bad. The hot wings have a kick and most of my friends are fans. Acme is cheap, with good food and a decent atmosphere to hang out in with a solid beer selection......sound good to you?
It had been a year since I was in town and able to make it back. I came here on a Friday night, and unfortunately too late. The place was packed and no tables were available. We were eventually able to get a place to sit after 40 minutes. We ordered mild wings to share and slices of pizza. I have to say, their pizza is probably the best NY style I've had in the area. Definitely greasy, but delicious. The wings are inconsistent, some days amazing. And some a little dry and lacking sauce. This night, they were fantastic. The one bartenders are great. The one thing I never understand is why they only have ONE server on packed crazy nights like this. Regardless, the server did a fantastic job tending to all tables. I just felt bad for her. Additionally, the bouncer at the door checking ID's was really rude. He had no personality and didn't speak. I asked him a question and he just looked at me with a blank stare. I actually spoke to him multiple times in English. I was not drunk and not slurring. He just looked at me. Thanks for answering my question! The bar attracts a very mixed crowd because of their food. While some nights are more frat boy then others, I appreciate nights like this night where it was mixed in all sort of folk. Prices are decent. Good selection on beers. And good specials. The space is small, but they do offer a smoking patio in the back which is nice for those that smoke and don't want to keep going in and out the front door. The bathrooms are nasty and need a good bleach through and makeover. You gotta park in the street. But fairly easy to find parking in the area.
It's my go-to bar on Monroe Ave.  The beer selection is out of this world, the pizza is seriously one of the best in the city and the slices are huge and delicious. My only complaint is sometimes I feel overwhelmed when the testosterone fueled kickball/softball/ball-ball leagues show up. But that is probably just me.
I feel bad, but there's nothing that makes this bar stand out to me. If my friends choose to go here, I'll join them, but I've never picked this place out by myself. I went this past weekend and: 1. The bathroom was so dirty & disgusting. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. I actually used toilet paper to open the door so that I wouldn't have to touch the handle. 2. I ordered a drink & it was made wrong. I let the bartender know & he corrected it. I don't know his name, but he perfected it & I appreciated that -- thank you!
Greasy pizza and mac n cheese bites, fried yummy goodness=delicious drunk food! And it is super cheap. Gotta love this dive bar. They have dart boards and pretty good music. The beer selection is very good and they have awesome happy hour deals. I love going around Oktoberfest time of year too. Sometimes the place gets slammed so ¡paciencia! my friends, but if you feel like chillin in a bar with some good beer and food I am always down for acme town.
Stopped in here thinking it was always bogo.  I guess I am used to being there on a Monday night where your beer arrives with a token for the next, no such luck on random Wednesday.  I ordered the Lagunitas Wilco Foxtrot draft, which is the only beer I've ever tried named for a particular album.  Not sure I enjoyed the beer as much as that phenomenal Wilco tour de force,  but it was good enough to order two.  I like that Acme always has a pretty interesting and regularly rotating draft selection...I believe about a dozen on tap and many bottle choices.  It used to be hard to find good beer in Rochester, but many bars have caught on to the craft scene and are attracting customers with a wider beer selection.  Now for the food...I love the giant thin crust slices at Acme, they use those wonderful thick but small pepperoni that curl up around the edges and become tiny cups of red oil...but we only ordered wings this time.  We shared an order of 15 and I belueve there were at least 18, probably to make up for the fact that there were at least a half dozen really skimpy ones...ok well played.  But not a fan of wet wings.  We ordered extra crispy, and the wings did seem fairly crisp at first, but this quickly disapated under the canopy of sauce.  The sauce was quite hot, so it hit the right spice notes for me, but I like a dry crisp wing, so these fell short overall...20 napkins later the wings were gone and I remembered why I hate wet wings.   Other menu choices are typical bar food, burgers, etc.  Music was Sirius Alt Nation and bordering on too loud for conversation....this place caters to a mixed crowd early but transitions to mainly 20 somethings as the night progresses.  Not a bad place for wings and beer, but you could do better.
Awsome
Excellent selection of bottled beer, good nightly specials too (including the awesome 2 for 1, save the chips for a rainy day).  Pizza is thin-crust and great for after you've been at the bar a while.  Another classic Rochester bar.
Love their slices!! It is definitely a neighborhood dive bar, which I do love! However, I am in the minority when I say I wish they had more domestic beers on tap!
Total dive bar, just like what you would expect.  The more visits you make to the bar, the better the pizza tastes.
Best pizza in Rochester.  Rating solely based upon the pizza.
This is a great dive bar. The bartenders and bouncers learn to know you and are always friendly. It's tradition to go on Thursdays in the summer after ultimate frisbee games. The absolute best thing about Acme is the pizza. After a night of drinking, we try to hit up Acme around 1:50am...enough time to order a slice, enjoy it, and get walking home by close. I don't eat meat, but I know Acme and Dragonfly are the two pizza spots downtown that have the pepperoni that curls up in a cup and holds the grease :). One of my friends also knows one of the owners here, and he's usually around for football games and pretty low key.
Great place to eat some awesome pizza and drink tasty beer. Don't like to stay too late though; the bros come out and crowd the bar with jäger bombs.
Everyone has said everything already. Good beer selection, really great beer specials, pretty awesome wings, surprisingly good pizza, decent service. Can you ask for much more? Oh yeah, TOTS.
Cheap Beer? Check...Pizza and other heart attack inducing, mouth watering foods, cheap? Check....Richard Cheese on the Jukebox? Check and Check.  This is one of my all time favorite bars.  I miss the afternoons and evenings spent here babysitting Chickens crazy drunk self and scarfing pizza and jameson down my throat hole.  I now sadly live far away in Movie Land and would PUNCH MY MOTHER IN THE FACE our of sheeeeeer bliss if they opened something even remotely close out here in Hollywood.
I was in there this past Saturday with three friends from college (SUNY Geneseo), and I thought the bar was great.  You could hear the music, but still hold a regular conversation.  The beer selection was very good.  The selling point for me was the huge $2 slice of pizza which included a topping.  Overall, a great time in a relaxed place with good food.
It doesn't get better than 2-for-1 craft beer, a slice, a basket of frickin awesome cajun tots for under $4 and your favorite game on tv to make Acme an Old Faithful. Go now.
my last review still holds up...  with a few exceptions... 1. the pizza seems to be inconstant, the last two I had were soaked in grease 2. on my most recent visit the tap was def. lackluster (I only visit when I'm in town) regardless, Acme, I am still a fan!  (PS. get some Texas beer, Shiner?)
Enjoy the heck outta this place.  Good food and a nice selection of bevvies.  Draws a nice mix of relatively normal people with some arcade games and a pleasant atmosphere.  Perfect for meeting up with friends and keeping an eye on the game.
This is my favorite bar in Rochester Ive been here many times and it never fails to deliver. Firstly this is not a classy place...at all. The interior is ummm not that sleek and kind of dingy. However, it has a real character and there is no sense of fakeness to it. All of the staff has been super nice and friendly to me. It is also completely non-pretentious and I can look like a complete bum and still go there. The crowd can sometimes get a little rowdy as the night goes on, but that just adds to the experience. The drinks are very inexpensive, and the beer list is extensive. I would not order anything too fancy here, but everything I have gotten here has been just fine and about a third the price of some other bars I've been to. The pizza is really quite excellent. This place ties with the pizza ive gotten at Joe's Brooklyn as the best pizza I've had in Rochester. As a downstate pizza snob, the pizza has to be very goo dand this place delivers. Overall Acme Pizza has a great staff, good prices, excellent pizza, and an authentic but slightly worn atmosphere.
Favorite bar in Rochester if you're lookin for a chill atmosphere. Great beer selection and awesome pizza!
Acme has a great happy hour and specials every night. Their pizza and wings are really good, too. Ladies, the restrooms are sub-par but I still recommend the place. It's a great place to watch a game and/or meet up with friends.
I enjoy their pizza.  The slices are usually huge.  I get two slices of cheese or pepperoni, and a beer (plus another one for free during happy hour), all for under $10.00.  PLUS you can get a huge basket of spicy tater tots for three dollars.  I wouldn't say the bartenders are the most observant, but if you stand around for a couple minutes, you're sure to get noticed.  Sometimes the music blasting from the ceiling can be a little too loud, but otherwise the place is great.  Pretty good selection of drinks too.  Especially helpful during happy hour.  They give you a little plastic chip to exchange for the second beer, so if you don't want it right then and there, you can come back later and exchange it.
