CAMPING AND TRAILS REVIEW: LOVED IT. I don't even know where to start. I guess the beginning. We planned a 5 night, 6 day trip to Worlds End State Park, where we would be tent camping (like REAL campers do). The reservation was easy to make, and they had an area for pets so we were able to bring puppy girl! A city girl, she growled at every chipmunk and falling leaf, but got used to it by the end. When we arrived, there was no one around. We were able to set up in peace. It started to get busy on Thursday, and by the time we left on Saturday, almost every site was occupied.   Each site has a mulched area, intended for your tent. When we arrived, our mulch was soggy, and also someone had moved the picnic table on top of it, so we didn't use it. But since we were glamping (carpeting in the tent, futon mattress, etc.), the mulch wasn't missed. Out site had an electric hook up which we used to hang lanterns in the tent, as well as charge our cameras and phones. SPEAKING OF PHONES- service is almost non-existent at the camp sites. This is coming from both a Verizon user and a Sprint user. We were only able to get service at the Canyon Vista. This is actually a perk if you want to actually enjoy the wilderness without the bother of technology. The bathrooms were very clean, with hot water in the showers and a hot water basin for washing dishes. PRO TIP: If you are using the woman showers AT NIGHT, use either the second stall or the third. The sensors that are used to turn the lights on don't seem to notice any movement in the first stall, even if you are waving your arms wildly and jumping up and down in the freezing cold air. If you want a risk, take the first stall and take your shower in the dark and pray for someone else to walk in. Another slight glitch was the water pumps. They worked well and the water tasted great, but there were no water pumps in the dog permitted camping area. But you're also not supposed to leave your dog alone at the campsite. So if you're with someone it's fine, but if you are alone, I guess you would need to put the dog in the car and drive to the water pumps to bring water back to the camp site. I thought that was a little strange, maybe they didn't realize that could be a problem. Campsites that line the river on the map ALSO LINE ROUTE 154. If you don't want cars flying past your campsite , I would recommend reserving a site that is not on the Loyalsock Creek side. It wasn't a big deal mostly, but in the middle of the night on most nights, there were caravans of large trucks that made a lot of noise right above out heads. We went at the end of September, so it was relatively cold, but honestly if it wasn't cold, we don't think we would have been able to handle some of the harder trails. Even with it being chilly, we were breaking a sweat. The trails were so beautiful. Canyon Vista trail leads you deep into the woods while heading up the mountain to an incredible view. The entirety of the trail is 4 miles, but don't go thinking you'll be able to do another trail in the same day. It's a very tolling trail with some extremely steep sections. Double Run trail was my favorite- not as taxing, but 10 times as beautiful. The trail weaves between two creeks with lots of small waterfalls. The whole trail takes about an hour, and it loops back to the parking lot in front of the camp chapel. This can be done with another trail in the same day. Butternut trail head and High Rocks trail head can be fount at the park office, which is a very short drive from the campsites. Butternut is long, with lots of steep and beautiful climbs. It offers a narrow vista view. High Rocks is EXTREMELY tough, so make sure to bring water and snacks for lots of breaks. It's not a long trail, but it's basically straight up and straight back down a very rocky part of the mountain. Extremely fun climb. If you are willing to take a 5 mile drive, head to High Knob, which was an INCREDIBLE vista view up to 20 miles away. The park closes at sunset, and the sunset is breathtaking. If you are willing to risk it and wait a little longer, you can also see an incredible starry sky here. We wouldn't be back because we are adventures and try to do a different park every year, but this is not a forgettable trip. I highly recommend Worlds End State Park.
Sure felt like we were driving to the end of the world with the amount of time it took to get here!! We took the more scenic back road way but boy it added on what seemed like 2-3 hours to our trip home from upstate NY. If you want to hike in peace and quiet where you don't see a single soul for possibly many hours, then come here!   Most solitary park I have ever been to to hike.  We actually didn't end up doing the good hike up to the scenic overlook-- we drove!  And yes, the overlook is amazing to see!  We went in August but with the foliage in the Fall I think it would be most amazing.
UPDATE: This time around we stayed in a tent, Fourth of July weekend.  Still my favorite park!   The scenery is prettier in the fall with the leaves changing.  If you are going for the scenery only and not the hiking, go in the fall.   We went to High Knob Vista to see the sunset and it was worth driving up the narrow road twice in one day!! The one place in Forksville that sold firewood by the barrel full, was out of wood.  You can find places that sell small bundles but if you are there for a few days, the price adds up.  If you live in PA, bring some wood with you.   Looking for a REAL Philly cheese steak?  Go to the Forksville General Store.  Big Mike is the owner and is from South Philly...the cheese steaks they make are the real deal.  :) The ONLY place we could get sporadic (AT&T) service was in Eagles Mere. The bathrooms are clean and newer.   Toilet paper is VERY thin.  Take your own.  You will be glad you did!
Love this park. Every year my family goes up and camps out at a hunting cabin not far from this joint. The stream is great and had both fast areas and slow, so bring the whole family! The availability of free standing grills peppering the stream is marvelous and makes picnics super easy and comfortable. They also have good clean bathroom facilities on site and a sandy beach-type area on a slow bend in the stream for really young kids, babies and the elderly alike. If you are visiting the area or just driving through and have some time you should definitely visit this park! I can't say enough about how awesome it is. Every year we try to fit this place into our schedules during our vacation and are never disappointed.
No complaints!  Great sites with raised mulch beds for tent campers. Bathroom facilities clean and well kept. Scenery was awesome and lack of cell phone service was AWESOME!!  Nice playground and swimming area near the camp offices.
My home away from home! My family and I have been coming to World's End for over 10 years and are completely in love with the natural beauty. The cabins are the way to go, and the restroom/shower areas are fairly new and maintained (bring your own toilet paper).  Remember to hit the Forksville General Store just 2 miles down the road for a great breakfast with Big Mike! They serve until 11 then switch to Philadelphia lunch specialties which are also very tasty. High Rock Trail is one of the coolest trails in the park. (hiking shoes recommended). The Forksville Store also sells camp firewood and bag ice for a reasonable price. In the summer, the concession stand is open at the park where you can get a good  icecream cone but I wouldn't recommend the food. Microwave burgers are not my idea of a good meal. This place is untouched and truly one of a kind. The sounds of the wild and the crackling of a campfire, beats car horns and street noise any day.
The weather cooperated perfectly. The heat and humidity were gone, replaced by 70 degrees, no humidity, and a high sky of blue and white.  The park rangers mapped out a hike/climb of over 4 miles up to Loyalsock Overlook and back down again via a different route.  We started after 3, but made the summit just a few minutes after 5:30. We were the only people seen on the trails, and had the riotous cascading stream and the overlook to ourselves.  Loyalsock Creek lay below winding its way through the valley known as "World's End Park."  This is a very stony area, and the creek's rumbling splash made a racket heard clearly more than 600 feet above.  The view was wonderful.  My California friend could not believe how green the world was in Pennsylvania.  He is accustomed to a brown universe. The vista is smaller than at our Grand Canyon of Pennsylvania, but the complete solitude, difficulty of climb and descent, and the feeling of great accomplishment created an apex experience.   In the morning the aches remained in the knees and feet, but could not detract from the sense of glory walking in silence along the ridgeline overlook, watching hawks wheeling below us, and listening to the creek answering the eternal question of the meaning of life in its own special lingua.
"I wonder why they call it worlds end", you may be wondering to yourself.  I'll tell ya why:  it's in the middle of fucking nowhere and you would never 'just happen to find yourself' at Worlds End.  The only reason you'd be there is to go there - AND YOU SHOULD.   My dad has a cabin just outside the State Park and I've been going there since I was a small child.   There is not a whole lot to do, which I HATED as a child, but now appreciate and long for.  A great day at Worlds End would be sitting on a beach chair with my feet in the creek reading a book.  The next day I might take a long hike on one of the nature trails.  There's nothing to do up there, but in a good way.  And don't even think of picking up that cell phone, because it's not going to work.   Much has been said about Worlds End's high spots and, indeed, the views from the tops of the mountains are breathtaking and well worth the drive to the top, I think the low points may be overlooked. Worlds End has the Loyalsock creek running through it.  In fact it carved a huge valley out of the rock.  The creek bed is littered with rocks, which makes for a particularly noisy stream.  It is so relaxing to listen to and watch the creek pass by.   Find a flat, warm rock and just lay back and let your tension float downstream.   Even at today's gas prices, the drive to Sullivan County is still cheaper than a visit to a psychologist's office. DCNR official website: dcnr.state.pa.us/statepa… MAP: dcnr.state.pa.us/statepa…
Worlds End State Park is a relatively undiscovered park in north central PA. As others have noted there's not much around here - and that's exactly why you should go. No cell service, no wifi hot spots just a lovely way to enjoy nature and truly unplug. We found Worlds End a few years ago when Ricketts Glen State Park was full for camping. The camping here is great - one loop for RVs, another for tents. Spaces are wooded and private. Hiking and fishing are the main attractions around here. The Loyalsock Trail - a backpackers dream - runs through this park. Many summits to climb with beautiful views - or drive the car up if you'd like. There are also lots of waterfalls in this region to explore, including one on a very pleasant Nature Discovery Trail within the park. Also nearby is the Haystacks, a unique geological formation in Loyalsock Creek - an easy 2 mile hike in. Many locals swim here. There's also swimming within the park. Good fishing in the creek and a few nearby ponds which are stocked. There isn't much else besides nature around here, but get your essentials at the historic Forksville General Store, and ice cream in a shop in quaint Eagles Mere. Go and enjoy!
This is probably my second or third favorite park in Pennsylvania. the main reason for that is just because there are not as many scenic vistas here... there is a pretty cool thing called the Rock Garden where these boulders protrude from the earth and are pretty high, like maybe 20 feet tall. They do have one great overlook at this park though, well worth it. lots of trails run right through the area, there are covered bridges, fishing, and camping galore! There is camping and a small swimming area. Total area is 780 acres.
I'm from New York City so this area is a culture shock from me. I prefer my beaches but during my trip to my fathers house me and my friends stopped here to enjoy thier lake for some football tossing and general relaxation, didnt explore much but the lake and thats all we needed to be persauded that this is a relaxing peaceful area for a getaway from everything.
Not far a far drive from Williamsport it is about 40 minutes up route 87 and then a quick right onto 154.  There is a info center where you can get trail maps and cabins you can rent out in the park area.  Fun place to go on a nice hike and have a picnic lunch :)
We stayed in one of their "rustic" cabins this time.  We stayed 4 nights. Rained the whole time, so we did not get to hike.  The cabin was great though.  Electric stove and refrigerator, lights and outlets.  No running water.  You had to go to the bath house for water or the stratgically located pumps.  Beds were big and maybe a lttle hard.  you bring all your own food, cooking stuff and sheets.  Fireplace was outside on the covered patio.  So we were able to fire sit outside but under the patio cover.  Tropical storm rain (remember the 2 hurricanes and earthquake in one week?) washed out the cabin bridge.  Right before the water got up to the bridge they made us move our cars to the other side of the creek to where the office is.   Electric went out which caused the water pumps to stop working.    We were trapped in the cabin area for 2 days until the water subsided and the rangers staff were able to repair the road enough to bucket loader our stuff out and we all had to climb down the ladder and walk out.  We had the best time ever.  All the campers got together at one of the empty cabins that was unlocked and had a great blowout party.  Pleanty of booze and food.  Oh yeah!  No booze allowed in a state park.  Again, best camping trip ever.
