It's official. I'm into CiBon. It's now a go-to place for a tasty bite to eat around the corner. I've never had a bad meal. The paninis are usually my go-to because they're better than any other I know of. The bread is fresh and ciabatta-like, crisped and grilled perfectly. Oh, and order that bruschetta! It's no joke. Fresh, thick cut slices of bread with a hefty serving of melted cheese, basil pesto, and tomatoes. I'd eat it as a meal...  because I'm not sharing! Moving onto the tasty pizzas - always a win. I had the pepperoni not too long ago and it hit the spot. Honestly, a little gourmet personal pepperoni pizza. Sayonara frozen pizzas at home. I'm ordering from CiBon. Then there's the pasta. Pasta alla vodka. That's it. It's wonderful and I have a hard time resisting it every time I visit CiBon. The sauce coats each piece of gemelli pasta and is packed with flavor and topped with a dusting of parm and fresh basil. Buonisimo! P.S. new update w/ no corkage fee on Tuesday and Sunday nights!
One of my favorite places for lunch on the weekend. It's on Park Ave. and has patio seating, so it's a great place to take in the beautiful weather and to people watch during a nice Spring/Summer day. It's also relatively quiet, so it makes for a good lunch date spot. For whatever reason (most likely due to drink specials), Piranha's next door gets all the traffic, so finding a patio table is relatively easy. I've been 3 times and the food has been consistently good. As others have mentioned, the bruschetta is great. The bruschetta could easily serve as a main dish. 6 generous pieces of thickly toasted bread covered in juicy tomatoes and herbs. Similarly, most menu items are generously portioned. Their pizzas are decent and I love their paninis! A whole panini with salad is priced at $11. Most people would be satisfied with half a panino and salad for $7. I've had their Saint Michael and Joan of Arc. For fans of smoked salmon, the Joan of Arc is for you. It combines smoked salmon with capers, tomatoes, red onions and goat cheese. The Saint Michael. The St. Michael is a little more pedestrian, consisting of chicken, basil pesto, provolone and red peppers. Both are tasty. Overall, a nice restaurant combining good ambiance with good food. I will definitely come back for dinner sometime.
I'm sorry to say that I won't be returning to Cibon because I really do enjoy their food and atmosphere, but it is just not worth dealing with the terrible service. I went into Cibon this afternoon for a couple cocktails and their Michelangelo (a panini featuring shrimp and goat cheese that is a favorite of mine). I ordered a dark and stormy, which the bartender made using ginger ale instead of ginger beer. The taste was off-putting and when she was asked why it was made this way she explained that they had ran out of ginger beer earlier in the day. Why did she not inform me of this before making the drink? Ginger ale was not a welcome substitute (and she used far too much of it, might I add). My friend and I took a seat outside and waited for service. About twenty minutes had passed when my friend went inside to inform them that we were in need of a waiter/waitress. After another ten minutes someone finally came outside, but we had already decided to dine elsewhere. We informed the waitress that we had to ask for service before and she claimed that the person we told had left for the day. This was not the case, and even if it was that is not a decent excuse. It's a shame that the service at Cibon is so terrible because the food is absolutely wonderful.
Great wine selection & great bruschetta bread! The bruschetta bread was $11 and it hit the spot. I love how they use local farmers in the area! Very pretty inside and the music filled the air nicely. Their menu choices were very different for me but the famous bruschetta bread was more than worth it!
A co-worker recommended Cibon, so my wife and I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  There were less than five people in the restaurant, so we thought we'd be able to enjoy a quiet lunch.   The waitress took our drink order and did not return for at least 20 minutes.  I had to walk up to the bar and ask for our drinks, which were only water and soda.  The waitress then took our food order.  The food came out and the waitress dropped it off and didn't ask if we needed anything.  I had to walk up to the bar to get utensils and condiments.   Honestly, it was as if we were inconveniencing them by being in the restaurant.  Perhaps lunch isn't their forte, but the service was horrendous and the food was just average.  The experience was not worth the $30 we spent.
First off, let me say how excellent their food is here. Amazing! And the atmosphere is cute, dark and vintage. That ring said, I have never been impressed by their wine, and intact kind of disappointed each time. I've only ever seen two servers there, a man and a woman. The woman is nice and pleasant, but the guy comes off as snobby and irritated that he has to bring you food and drinks. Despite the wine and service, I keep going back for the food.
Friendly, casual, and comfortable. My wife loved the lentils so much I am going to try to recreate them at home (chef even told me where to get them at the Public Market). My Carbonara was excellent. Had to ask for bread, but was taken care of immediately. Interesting wine list. Warm winter spot- looking forward to sitting outside on Park Ave this spring/summer.
Oh memories... Cibon, how seductive you are, never failing to lure me into the corner where I always found myself sinking into a pile of pillows balancing a glass of red wine in one hand and a date in the other. Cibon never fails to be "just right" for the occasion, be it a mid-day espresso or a late night glass of vino (or martini) and a cheese plate or one of the (mostly) locally baked desserts. The menu has expanded over the years, beyond perfectly satisfying paninis to include soups and pastas. The low lighting and seemingly European crowd only add to the ambiance. A Rochester gem.
I love the pizza's here, they are perfect. Good wines, good people--always a good conversation outside your table.. I also like coming here and just having coffee. In the summer they have a  patio that is right on Park Ave. They are always busy and getting one of those tables is pretty difficult. I've met the owner's daughter who works there and she is always willing to share little secrets on why they did something on the menu, I love this personal touch.
The place has a nice ambiance, with comfortable seats. Servos is not bad. I had a great caipiriña, and the bruschetta is very good. The menu is not vey long or sophisticated, but ok for a light dinner. I will be back.
Cafe Cibon is a great place for a romantic date. The ambiance is nice; there are throw pillows everywhere and plenty of wine to keep you happily buzzed. It's also a good place for friends to come and sit and eat and chat without feeling like you're going to be rushed out. My friend brought me here to try the wine and pizzas. Being the person I am, I ordered a panini instead. What? I like paninis. I got the Saint Michael (roasted chicken, basil pesto, roasted red pepper and provolone). It was pretty good. Solid sandwich. The dipping sauce was nice too. My friend ordered one of the flatbread pizzas (I can't remember which one) and he said it was good. The sausages on the pizza had a nice spicy kick to them. As for wines, they have a decent selection. I tried a sparkling peach wine while my friend got a nice red wine. Even though I'm not big on wine, I enjoyed my sparkling peach wine. It had a subtle sweet flavor and was not overpowering. Food + wine = win. I approve.
Ahhhh, Cibon!  My first time there was in '04 and it's been with me through various relationships, ups, and downs.  The menu hasn't changed much - not that it needed to - because what they do they do very well. An Italian style bistro with a french name... It's European for sure though, with relaxed, unobtrusive service.   I can't think of a thing on the menu that myself nor company has griped in any way about.  Seriously, I could break down the menu and dissect flavors and deliciousness, but simply stick to one of the three P's there - pasta, pizza, panini - and you will not go wrong.  The Bruschetta is a great warmup too.   One way they stand out is with their unique, tart-but-smooth dipping sauce for panini; note - it is not a salad dressing, as I was corrected back in '04. Negatives?  Well, some may poo poo the relaxed service (but not so relaxed as to neglect refills), or seemingly trendy atmosphere (hasn't changed drastically in 8 years...all ages are present, it's intimate!); however... My only vexation is being seated near the door during winter; their foyer is a joke and the draft usually promotes coat wearing indoors.   Go here with good friends or a significant other and just converse over the the relaxed, intimate, and delicious dining... "c'est si bon!"
I went to CiBon tonight on a regular best friend date and loved it!  My friend had been here before and suggested we try it out.  We went for a late dinner, after 8pm on a Monday so it wasn't crowded at all.  The atmosphere was really relaxed, starting with seating yourself inside or out.  We opted for in because it was a cool night and I didn't dress for the weather.  The decor is warm and rustic with dark red walls, high ceilings, lots of dark wood, and candles.  Despite the beautiful decor, it feels very casual as there were people sitting at the small bar alone and one woman using a laptop in the corner.  There are booths in the front 2 windows that wrap around the table, cushioned booths along both sides with small cafe tables and chairs opposite, as well as a few single cafe tables in the middle and outside. We were served promptly and our server was friendly and helpful.  The menu consists of antipasti, pastas, pizzas, paninis, desserts, and various drinks.  Being underage, I couldn't order one, but my friend had a delicious glass of red wine.  We started with the CiBon Mussels ($14) which were served in a white wine sauce with a hint of Dijon mustard along with 3 slices of thick crusty bread.  Then we split the Joan of Arc Panini ($11) which included smoked salmon, tomato, red onion, capers, and goat cheese with a green salad on the side.  This was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The flavors and textures all complimented each other perfectly from the toasted buttery bread to the creamy goat cheese and salty capers.  (Noted bias: salmon is my fav food) This is definitely a place that I would bring my family back to in the future.  It's a great spot for couples on a date, groups of friends, or even to have a nice dinner solo.  I liked that it didn't feel like I was in a typical restaurant with tons of servers running around all carrying plates of food that look exactly the same.  There were only 2 servers working and blended in seamlessly with the customers.  Every plate I saw go by looked more delicious than the last and was simple but beautifully plated. Oh and the tiny bathroom downstairs only added to the experience.  Love me some old, quirky buildings!
Their sandwiches are artful, prices are white collar and the mid-day mood is sedate. Would recommend for a business-casual lunch. Random aside: The waitresses' skirts are uncannily short, so I would think twice before going on a date here if you can't keep your eyes on the person you came with. You dig?
I've gone to this place off and on over the years in hopes that this place will get it's act together . Whether i'm trying to get a menu, or trying to order, or attempting to pay the check, the service is ALWAYS awful !! Unless you're extreamly attractive or from a former communist block country, don't bother trying to get any service from here
Went to lunch today here with a friend and had a wonderful experience. It's got a "Euro" cafe feel to it. The tables are closer together but I didn't feel like anyone was invading my space or interfering with our conversation. We were there around 1PM on a Wednesday and it wasn't crowded. The paninis and coffee were very delicious. Good, attentive service and friendly waitresses. We also had dessert which was very good! Great menu with salads, pasta, panini and decent drinks. Can get a bit pricy though. Overall good experience and can't wait to go back and try another panini!
I've only been to a handful of restaurants on Park Ave since I moved to Rochester, but this restaurant has by far been the best! I love the ambiance, the music, and the food. The waiters were able to give awesome recommendations on food and places to go out after as well! I had the shrimp panino and it was tasty!
I miss Cibon. Great panini sandwiches at decent prices and a really cool atmosphere and clientel, right on Park Ave. Plus they have the lounge beats going, which made me want to stay all night. Their wine offerings were always pretty high quality, although not the largest selection. That's fine, I prefer good wine to lots of options.
I enjoyed our lunch at Cibon. Service was prompt and we were able to sit anywhere that we chose. My boss and I shared an order of bruschetta  (see photo) and it was delish. I'd highly recommend giving it a try. She also had a cup of the tomato bisque special and it looked great. Our pizza took some time to arrive, but once it did - it was pretty good. It was not the best pizza around, but I enjoyed it. I ordered the Martguerita pizza (see photo). It was very delicious, but it left something to be desired. Their portion sizes for personal pizzas are small compared to The Gate House and Tony D's (Tony D's had a solid pizza but terrible customer service - please see my review on this). Overall, I'd recommend trying this place for the atmosphere of eating at a boutique restaurant on Park Ave (not decor). The decor was very vintage and reminded me of a European eatery for some reason (not quite sure where in Europe, but most certainly Europe). It looks very vintage and is also quite dark inside. In regards to the several reviews written on service - I can certainly see where people may have had issues. I didn't have any problems. Like I mentioned earlier, we were promptly seated and our orders were taken in a fair amount of time. There was only one waitress in the entire establishment and we are patient people, so it worked out fine. If I could rate this 3 1/2 stars I would. It fell somewhere between okay and good.
I visit Cibon for their salads.  Their pastas are pretty good (I enjoy the vodka cream sauce, but wasn't thrilled with the chipotle sauce).  Their sandwiches and pizzas are also decent.  But their salads are fantastic.  Their winter menu has one with artichokes that I wish they served year round.  The greens are always fresh.  The goat cheese is delicious.  The dressings are light and flavorful.  Cibon makes good salads.     The drinks are yummy - but not terribly generous.  I enjoyed my "gintini".     The atmosphere is nice -- I've taken dates here.  It isn't too loud, its a little dark and kind of intimite.  The service is good without being intrusive.
I really like Cibon.  In college, I really just thought of it as the generic hangout for when my friends simply wanted to go to a "park ave restaurant."  We ordered a panini to throw back with several glasses of wine amid silly gossip and called it a good time.  I don't remember the food being particularly good or bad. In the last month, I have visited Cibon twice, with a more critical palette.  Both time, I left feeling pretty damn good about what I was tasting.  My first time I ordered my college go-to, the Joan of Arc, smoked salmon, capers, cream cheese, onions and tomatoes and was not disappointed.  I found my entire experience to be very pleasing; prompt service and I have always loved the restaurant's ambiance. On my second visit, my friend and I sat outside and I ordered Cibon's Pasta Alla Vodka and we were both blown away, plus it was a great carbo load for a Saturday night.  Service again was prompt and my only complaint was the weird guy at the table next to us staring the whole time, but guess I can't really blame the restaurant for that one. All in all, I am looking forward to becoming a frequent visitor to Cibon now that we finally are having some nice weather.
I'm gonna do this place a solid and give it 3 stars.  A few minor adjustments would move it into 4 star range, but it's not quite there yet.  Or perhaps it once was 4 star and has slipped?  Fuck if I know, I don't live in Rochy and my review is based on my virgin visit. It's super sweet with comfy benches, lots of wines and a really chill atmosphere.  I wouldn't put it in "swanky wine bar" range, more euro-cafe-wine-bar.  Slightly disjointed staffing.  The antipasto was delishyyummy, the wine was free of pour and the dimly lit atmosphere almost makes one forget that you're in Upchuck NY.
Cute, trendy..could do very well even in NYC- think LES/East Village type of place. The service was not pushy at all nor was slacking. Decor, very funky & artsy. Wine I went with the Reisling..($6) so sweet, just the way I like it. Lunch we shared the pizza with chorizo (the perfect kick) wasn't overpowering considering I can't even handle black pepper. It had roasted red peppers, mozarella..and I think I'm missing something. Either way it was phenomenal. The salad- Asparagus, prosciutto and arugula. I loved the dressing it tied everything together well. I did find it a little salty. After everything was devoured the meal came out to about $32. We were happy campers.
While the food at Cibon is always good and very unique if you're tired of the standard sandwiches you can get everywhere else, I always liked Cibon best as a place to hangout for drinks with friends.  The Bellini Martini is amazing and the wine selection is quite good too.  For food the Michealangelo Panini is really excellent. The cafe is intimate and cozy, but service can take a while if it's busy, so this isn't the kind of place to go if you want to be in and out quick.
I'd agree with Jason S. that the service can be pretty inattentive when they're busy. Aside from that, though, it's a fun place, and the big goblets of wine they serve certainly help make the experience enjoyable. I'm a big guy with a healthy (unhealthy?) appetite, so I'm surprised to see that some people think the portions are too small; I've never found that to be a problem. I love their pizzas, and they're more than enough food.
Back in the day when I lived around the block from here, I would come up during the days I didn't have class to see Louie P's Ferrari or Lamborghini Diablo out front. See back then the Rochester "Family" frequented this place heavily. They were actually pretty decent tho, Louie would rev up his 355 Spyder for us as he took off down the street. Ah the food. The pastas are ok, but the sandwiches are actually pretty unique takes on the panini concept. I'm saying this from a national perspective. Who mentioned the one with the salmon? Thats my favorite! The crowd is Rochester sorta/yuppie... which doesn't really mean much on the national stage, but its good to see boys in nice shirts and girls dressed attractively. The drinks are always great here, and they can whip a solid cocktail to spec everytime. If you need a coffee before hitting east ave, try their espresso martini... its got a real punch. Its nice to see alot of the same faces in there too, actually they must've found a fountain of youth because no one there has aged an iota.
Cibon is pretty good, but I feel like it could be better.  The wait staff always seems to be on the verge of going insane, and sometimes the service can be inconsistent and slow.  But I noticed that the wait staff is also the staff that arranges your order/drinks at the bar, and the staff that clears the tables.  So they could help their wait staff by getting a busboy and some bar staff so the waiters could concentrate on the customers.  Maybe it was an off night though. Anyway, the food is good, although some is a bit pricey.  Same with the wines.  Cibon has wine specials, but the price was the same as the menu, so to me that means it's not all that special.  The atmosphere is nice, and the place can get busy some nights, but not that bothersome. Overall, it is worth a stop and a taste.  I docked it a star because I feel like it could be made better and more reasonable.
Delightful server , great food & full bar ...  Outdoor seating available for the nice weather.   sweet. Downer when I was there was the (way too loud) music selection playing  --GLove, Janis Joplin-- PLEASE change the vibe. Tone it down with something low key hip would create a way better experience.
Nice bistro w/ good food. I don't like soup too much, but had from special menu Zuppa. Rich broth w/ veggies, pancetta, pasta. Yummy. Rib eye panino- delicious. Romantic atmosphere. service slow, but I wasn't in a hurry.
I've come back a few times and I am in love with the joan of arc panino and reconfirming the mussels and bruschetta...ugh so good. I love their wine selection-the sauvignon blanc and the reds are wonderful. Great for friends, or date night.
Great find! Excellent panini, fresh salad, yummy Dijon vegetables.
Love this place!! It's relaxing and has great food. My cousin and I come here often and my regular meal was the Saint Joseph panini but since they no longer carry it, I either get the Saint John panini or pasta alla vodka. It depends what you're in the mood for but they're both delicious with so much flavor. Oh and the house dressing is the TRUTH! I wish I knew what the secret was, I would eat some lettuce everyday if I had that dressing. I can't remember the name of our regular server but he's awesome and the nicest person ever. When he's not there, we're screwed because the waiters just never do their job.  One time my friend and I had to get up and ask for our checks, the waiter was behind the register eating some food the whole time...ridiculous. Other then that, great place, great food, and I would definitely go again.
I was here recently and while the food was decent (as it usually is), the service was kind of lousy. The hostess was pretty rude and unpleasant. Would this keep me from coming back? Probably not, since I assume it's something which doesn't happen routinely, though, it is interesting to note that several other (recent) reviewers have had similar complaints...
I'm going out on a limb here and saying it: Café Cibon is my favorite restaurant in Rochester. Cibon is cozy in the winter and jammin in the summer. The food is great but it was the atmosphere that totally sold me. A small restaurant located at the intersection of Park Ave and Berkeley Street, Cibon is hip, trendy and sexy. The interior is ox blood red with a tiny bar and scattered tables. The speakers play a blend of dub, jazz and reggae music to really set the mood. The 2 corner booths, my personal favorite spots, have throw pillows and large windows that look out on to "the ave."  In the summer small tables line the street while patrons enjoy their Panini's and wine. The restaurant, which describes itself as an Enoteca (wine repository) updates its wine selection often so be sure to take notes if you find a bottle you like. The menu offers small plates and entrées. Probably most famous for the panini selection (the Joan of Arc is my favorite) they also offer pizzas, pastas and salads. The cheese board is a must if you're dining with a group and the pasta alla vodka is a great winter dish. Cibon isn't just for dinner; stop in for a coffee or espresso, gelato or drinks and apps at the bar before heading downtown. This place is chic, girls in skinny jeans and boys in blazers. Dress to impress, I know you always do.
BEST MUSSELS EVER! Mussels and Pasta Cibon are always my choice when I go there. Pasta Cibon has a flavor of vodka, which is very nice. Never try their panini but it is said to be super good. I will definitely try that next time.
Pretty much the coolest place on the avenue, trendy euro hotties as well as family's and a few resident crazies....best wine list in the area owning to the fact that the Owner loves wine more than Joannie loved Chacci...go there eat food enjoy life
I went to the Cafe a couple of weekends ago and was very pleasantly surprised. I haven't been here even though I live in the neighborhood.  It was on a Saturday night and I was waiting for a date (that never showed!) and the wait staff was very pleasant and helpful.  Gave me a nice, private table in the corner and saved it for me despite my embarrassing situation!  Nonetheless, I thought the menu was ample and varied.  I had the special which was a panini and salad for an amazing $7 a glass of wine and a relaxing time.  The restaurant was full by the time I left and I would definitely go back (next time with a date that shows up! LOL).  Great atmosphere.
Excellent pizza. Get it well done. Awesome vodka sauce. Good wine selection. A Rochester staple. Great atmosphere.
It was ok, probably one of your better bets in Rochester.
This is a wonderful little place with fresh food. I especially love the salad with prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. It's so flavorful and just the right amount. The vibe here is cool, but not pretentious, hip but not trendy. Whenever friends visit from out of town Cibon is on the agenda. It's consistently good.
good atmosphere not only for romantic dinning, but also good for casual drinking as well. The drinks are well priced, but don't get carried away because they can add up. The food is average but most people come here for the ambiance, the drinks, and just have a good time. They are very strict with underage drinking though, one time we had a minor in our party of 5, and they insisted on checking IDs and wouldnt let our table even to have an extra wine glass for sharing the bottles of drinks we bought. Other than that particular experience, everything is great.
I've been coming to Cibon off and on since it opened. It's been hit or miss over the years. That was until last night - Jan 24th 2010. Maturity and fruition are the words that come to mind as I ate the most FANTASTIC plate of mussels (Dijon Mussels) I've ever had on the East coast. It's sad to think that all those chefs on the Cape were beaten single handedly in upstate NY. It was at this moment I called the waitress back to our table and started asking questions as to what changed recently, well it turns out somebody spent some time at a French culinary school in NYC. Well it really paid off in my opinion! My next course was the Grilled Scallops appetizer, and again I was surprised and delighted that first dish was not a fluke, that Chef in the kitchen was in love with their craft! Everything was very fresh and cooked perfectly, the sauces and broths were absolutely stunning. I've been converted to a regular customer and I couldn't be happier. Also of note, I've always enjoyed the atmosphere of Cibon, it's a comfortable place to be for my wife and I. The pictures don't do it justice, it's very warm and inviting in it's ambience. Be sure to ask for Courtney as your waitress, she is absolutely delightful and on top of her game.
Cafe Cibon is a really define little treasure.  Very hip with good service and a fine menu. The atmosphere is lovely and romantic.  We love Cibon.
I've been here many times for lunch, or in the evening for a wine. The food is generally good but the service can be so strange. I feel like I'm imposing just to order. I see this with everyone who comes in, so management must approve of this overall haughty way of treating people. I think for an after show wine, I'll be hitting solera from now on.
I've been to Cibon a couple times now, and both times the food has been really good...the Michelangelo Panini was excellent...will definitely be back, a pretty extensive menu and drink/wine list  (although they could use a few more varieties off gin on hand ;)
I love the vibe of Cibon.... the dim lights make it perfect for a romantic dinner or a girls night out.  Located right on Park Avenue it is close to great bars and night life.  My favorite are their flatbread pizzas, pasta vodka or the St. Oliver panini.  Their bruschetta is to die for too!
My search of great (even good) Italian food continues. Although to be fair - Cibon does claim it is an "Italian Style Bistro," instead of an Italian Bistro. I just have one request - visit Italy, just once. Pasta can be delicious and simple - actually the way it is supposed to be. Carbonara is not supposed to be oily. I am not sure what you did or why, but go to Italy and show me a carbonara that is swimming in oil. It is suppose to be creamy but not oily. This dish was inedible at the end. The pancetta and peas were just sitting in a plate of oil. Our other dish was ok, too much "Italian Seasoning" for me. Almost tasted like grass there were so many herbs in the dish. I just don't understand why pasta is so simple, but not many can get it right. Freshly made pasta would be fantastic, but I understand most places will not take the time to do this. But for a fraction of the cost (probably around $2), I can take flour and a few eggs and make pasta for myself and a family of four at home. I can only comment on the pasta dishes and their other dishes may be spectacular. We did have the cannolis which had chocolate chips and orange zest. These were actually pretty good. This is probably what prompted the 2 star rating.
charcuterie plate was awesome. i ve had better cheese. wine selection not that great and our server had no idea about wine because she pointed the menu when i asked if there was any shiraz. we settled for rioja which was nice. the fennel snapper was very strong in flavor and had drowned out any other aroma from the rest of the spices. had to throw away the rest of the dish after fishing out the snapper.  the lamb on the other hand was delicately tender but very underspiced. halfway through dinner we realized we wud go home hungry even after spending 100 bucks on dinner. so to cap it off sent for some salmon pasta, which was an altogether okay composition because the dish was overwhelmed by sweet peas more than salmon. the worst part was the service. it took them 15 minutes to send someone to the table with the menus and another 15 minutes to bring the wine and the cheese. definitely one of the worst services offered in town. i wud not go back to this place and i don't recommend this place to others. it is not so much a waste of money as it is a waste of time trying to dine there.
When I lived a block away, I stopped at Cibon at least once a week for a delicious panino called "Joan of Arc" made with smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomato, red onion, and capers.  The dressing served with their mixed greens is an amazing mustard-y balsamic concoction that I have never been able to replicate.  The seating by the front windows, with all the decorative pillows to lounge against, always made me feel like I was sipping my coffee in a harem.  Funny at times, awkward at others... I definitely recommend it for afternoon coffee outings, the night life aspect of it was too trendy for my tastes.
Cafe Cibon has been the best dining experience I have had in my past few years in Rochester. I went here on a date and it was the perfect spot. It was cozy, intimate, and non pretentious. The tables were close together, and I actually got in an amusing conversation with couple next to us. It felt sophisticated but at the same time very authentic. The wait staff were young, attractive, and attentive without being over bearing. The clientele was also non pretentious but at the same time cool. You could tell that people who liked good food were there. Where Cibon really delivered was in the food. Everything we ordered was spectacular. IMO the food above all else makes a restaurant worth five stars. I ordered a salmon Panani at very reasonable price. It in itself was delicious as well as the salad it came with. The dipping sauce also was a great addition. Since I was paying (roll eyes) my date ordered the sea food pasta. It seemed to be cooked with coriander, and was also very very good. It had contained alot of sea food that was clearly fresh. This dish was also a reasonable price. Cafe Cibon has a nice atmosphere, good service, and most importantly great food. I've been to restaurants twice as expensive that were half as good. I wish all restaurants were like this!
One of my favorite restaurants in Rochester - great for a romantic date or going for some pasta & red wine with your girlfriends. Only knocking off one star because the waiters can have a bit of an attitude. The bruschetta here is DELICIOUS - highly recommend. The salads are usually tasty too. Very cozy atmosphere inside. Wine prices are a bit steep for the brands they're serving, but the ambiance makes up for it.
I am no fan of Panini but at this place, it is very good.  It is a nice setting.
I live very close by and have only been here a handful of times, not because of the food, which is absolutely amazing and keeps me coming back, but because of the staff. I work in a restaurant, I've worked in restaurants for almost 10 years, and I go out enough to know good from fair from poor service. That being said, I've never experienced anything like Cibon, the waitstaff is TERRIBLE. I keep going back hoping things have changed and it's gotten better, but no, it never does. It really does feel like you're intruding by walking in, every single time. I've been there mostly at midday or early evening, when they are not in any way busy. The service is slow and grudgingly supplied by people who give off the distinct feeling that they think they are better than you. I can be dressed nicely, or in jeans and a t-shirt; with a group, in a couple, or alone; order a lot or a little (and I always tip well)... and still, the same. Girls on their cell phones, ignoring you and your empty glass or plate, as you wait, obviously, for SOMETHING. You know, I don't love my job either, but to even think about letting my customers know that by being neglectful or cold is appalling. Come on, people in charge, you've got a goldmine here! The food is amazing, the location couldn't be better and your staff's attitudes are the easiest possible thing to fix!
This is one of the reasons we love Rochester's food scene! A very cozy, trendy, yet intimate space that's great for a quick drink, coffee and dessert, or an amazing dinner on a special night. The service is always outstanding and clearly the chef's are amazing. They have carefully chosen wines in all price ranges.
I've been going to Cibon for about a decade - and about the only things that have changed are the expansion of the menu and democratization of the clientele. I'm half-joking here, but Cibon used to be the place where the too-cool-for-school crowd with an abundance of money and too much free time went to discuss their latest spa appointment. In the summertime, you felt like Lauren Conrad was about to jump out from behind the group of coffee-slurping broad-shouldered cops and invite you to a pool party at her mansion. Now that the coffee shop has expanded to feature a real menu, the crowd has toned down, but the cozy European cafe culture has not been sacrificed. It's romantic, dimly lit, artsy but not hipster - and the variety of wine, beer, cocktails and aperitifs is commendable. The paninis are great and the salad dressing/dipping sauce (a balsamic mustard) is delicious and light. The focaccia pizzas are great too. I do have to admit, however, that one uncomfortable aspect of Cibon is that their menu offers some expensive entrees, but they don't have the table size or wait staff to complement this. In sum, however, Cibon is a perfect place to catch up with a friend or share a romantic drink and bite to eat with a loved one. And even better, now you don't have to buy your membership into The Hills to enjoy it!
I had read about the service here before going and was worried I was just biased... but alas, it was as bad as they say.  The waitress seemed impatient, and was pushy with the wine menu, grabbing it out of my hands to show me which ones they didn't have.  She then hit me on the shoulder TWICE with plates of food for the person next to me.  I  didn't eat on this particular occasion, so I can't comment on the food (beyond it being exorbitantly expensive), but the service does it in for me; this should be something easy to get right.
My friends and I have frequented this place far too often as neighborhood residents, and we are consistently disappointed and swear we will never go back.  This past time, a week ago, was the last straw.  To be specific, it's the service that is appalling.  My group of friends and I joke, "this guy/chick can't be worse than the last one!" but we're always proven wrong.  Simple things like offering the specials, keeping water filled, offering to refill cocktails (make money!), processing the check after it's dropped off, and just general friendliess never seem to happen here.  Who the heck is hiring these people, and do they not work for tips?!  The food is good, but it's not THAT good!  The girl I had this past week nearly took our heads off when we asked her for 2 separate, and uncomplicated checks...mind you she only had to re-write another slip of paper.  That's Rochester though, great concept but lacking on the execution....
The food always tastes great.  Service at times can be lacking I believe it is because of the tiny layout and scattered seating.  That is the downfall of this place it is so small that at times you're elbow to elbow with strangers or having to yell over them to have your own conversation.
Let's start with the food. While everything I had was tasty, the soup, panini, and coffee were all lukewarm. There was also a hair on my salad. The table where I sat was dirty and sticky, and after I saw the server "wiping" down the table next to me, I understood why. She really didn't clean it at all ... just a hasty brush with an already dirty rag. The service was mediocre. The server was neither rude nor especially friendly, but geared toward giving me my check as quickly as possible. This place would never survive anywhere else. As for the much-talked of decor, it leaves a lot to be desired, particularly in the domain of cleanliness.
I really liked their cheese platte.
Great flavor. Limited options. This restaurant really does have some great food. I came in for lunch and looked at the menu, was a little shocked that there weren't a plethora of options. That being said, what they DO offer is absolutely incredible. Let me digest. I ordered the Michaelangelo panini, which came with shrimp, basil pesto, goat cheese, tomatoes and red onion. I was a little unsure if these flavors would mesh well... goat cheese and shrimp? Still, I tried it, and I'm glad I did. It was rich, succulent, and creamy, while still managing to hold that perfect, desirable crunch that you automatically think of when you hear the word "panini". And Cafe Cibon's do not dissapoint. My mother ordered the spaghetti with vodka sauce, and it was out of this WORLD. I'm being serious. Without a doubt, the best vodka sauce I've ever had. It had every element that sometimes is missing when you get this type of signature dish. It had the creamy, succulent taste you think of, but then the kick comes in. Yes, it's spicy, but with a cause. It's that kind of spicy that flatters your mouth, like when you eat something so creamy and indulgent and then it just KICKS in... then you start to taste the herbs and all the extra seasoning and you're hooked and want another bite. It really is like having layers of taste unfold in your mouth.   The only downside with this restaurant (er, cafe? Not really sure what the appropriate title is...) is that the menu is very limited. In my opinion, they should broaden their options, especially their pasta options because they all sounded to be very similar to each other.  That being said, anything you get here will definitely not disappoint. And as for the service, I do not think they are "pretentious" or rude like some other YELPers have stated. They aren't the best waitresses in the world, but they do their job fine.
Cibon is by far my FAVORITE restaurant ever!  I great up in the capital region (Albany area) but went to school in Rochester and lived there for a couple years after.  A friend turned me on to this place and I've never found its equal!  I don't live in Rochester but I make a point of visiting as much as I can and Cibon is ALWAYS on my list of "must stop by" places to go to when I'm there.  It's AMAZING!  By far the BEST panini I've ever eaten.  They have a huge range of choices for panini, pizza, pasta, salads, etc. that it makes every visit a new experience!  The place is small and dimly lit making it an artsy and casual place to go if you're looking for lunch, dinner, or a snack to share.  They also have great desserts and wines.  I've had many alone visits just sipping on some wine and having a dish of gelato in the summer time.  It's awesome!  Definitely stop.  Definitely check it out and definitely fall in love with this place like so many other have!  It's a diamond in the rough and shouldn't be over-looked! PS:  Get there early enough in the day or call to reserve the cool wooden table/couches in the windows.  They're the best seats in the house and worth trying out at least once!
Just ate here tonight.  The only thing that was really superb was the brushcetta. I ordered the chicken milanese. Corn cake was bland. The chicken came as a slab not super thin like it is supposed to be. Pasta vodka was more tomato based instead of heavier cream. The waiter was not friendly at all. You could barely hear him. I had to keep asking for more water. Other tables had pitchers of water. Also were not given salt and pepper or offered cheese for the pastas. It took a long time for appetizers to come out - brushcetta and soup. Overall not impressed with this place. Food was ok and wait staff not great.
Had the most basic panini there today (tomato and cheese), it was good. I would have gotten wine except the guy I went with seemed really intent on paying in the beginning and it was making me really nervous but as it turns out he was okay with "going dutch" which is great, less stressful, but omg, wish I had gotten wine! Thought it was odd at another table that they said they just switched the menu so half the stuff isn't available until tomorrow... why not just switch it then?? I would like to go back and try the fig pizza because it looks SUPER good in someone's photo here....
I'll say it: I've been really pleasantly surprised with Cibon over my past few visits! When I lived in the area, I had a very "take it or leave it" opinion on Cibon -- I would go, but it was never somewhere that I craved. Nevertheless, when a friend wanted to have lunch here today, I was in. We happened to go on a day that they were only offering outside seating, as they had a private event going on inside (side note... They do private events? Good to know!). We sat outside under partial shade. The tables were pretty close together, but understandable due to the event going on. My dining companion and I split two pizzas, the Margherita and the Fig. I'm pretty picky when it comes to thin crust/wood fired pizza -- I hate when the crust isn't crispy and firm all the way through. Both of these pizzas were as close to a home run as I've had in recent memory. The hallmark of a good Margherita pizza is in the simplicity of the ingredients - tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil. Although I had wished there were more basil on the pizza, it was really delicious. Cooked beautifully, with a crispy well done (but not burnt!) crust, fresh, juicy tomatoes, and creamy hot blobs of cheese. Nom! However, the real star here was the Fig pizza. Oh my goodness deliciousness. I should have known, as I'm a sucker for figs in any way I can get them. The base is a not too sweet fig preserves, thick chunks of pancetta (wish there were more of them!), gorgonzola and parsley. I worry sometimes that gorgonzola will overpower the dish, but not to worry, this was nicely well balanced. Nearby diners had pasta, and it looked divine with hearty portions. We stuck to unsweetened tea and water, but the waiter was bringing nearby tables some fun looking cocktails, so I look forward to trying those sometime. Our server was aloof but polite, understandable as he was single-handedly handling all of the tables outside. He apologized for the longer than average wait, although it didn't seem that long to me. All in all, a pleasant, leisurely lunch with some fantastic pizza. Get the Fig, and prepare for a tasty delight!
I will admit, I like wine. I like all kinds of wine and I like to try new wines with the help of Somms or wine-tenders so I like to go to wine bars.  The problem here was the selection ( of what we wanted) was limited and the server knew nothing about the wine.  We were hoping to get a few different flights  and share around the table. Just like a January day - there were no flights. So we settled for 1 of the 2 bottles of Rosé. The server knew nothing about them so brought is the bottles to peruse. We then ordered a cheese plate to go with the wine - there are 3 cheeses on it as well as paper thin apple slices and a little honey. It was served along with what had more character than crust less white bread that had be toasted on a panini - not only was it 'not good' it was slightly burnt. One person with us needed gluten free, but this wasn't an option so we asked for more apple .... You would have thought we had asked for the moon the way the server looked at us... The apple - 4 more slices did come out 10 minutes later.   It was a rare nice day so we were sitting outside. It was pleasant except when the table next to us would get up to smoke about 5' away and unfortunately into the breeze blowing right at us. I really thought you had to be farther away from people to do that, but after all we were just sitting on a sidewalk. Maybe I'm just too old for this kind of place (or maybe I should have ordered whatever was in the mason jars the next was having).
We had a coupon so decided to try this restaurant on Park Ave. - and I'm glad we did.It sits in the heart of "restaurant row."  Being in the heart of things it has great people watching. We had a great meal. We started with wine - and the prices were reasonable. Next came brochette - and we were sold! It may be the best I have ever had. My wife had the duck special and said it was delicious. I had the chicken panini, and it was also very good. The service was timely and friendly. The place is comfortable. The food is really good. What's not to like. I'm glad we gave it a try and we will definitely recommend it to friends as well as go back ourselves.
Everything is good here but I most recommend the mussels. We have some good mussels places in Rochester, with 2Vine and Victoire making good moules frites, but the broth and bread they come with at Cibon is better. Great, comfortable interior and decent wine list with nice choice of pastas.
Service was ok. The bruschetta was delicious. Cheese plate was small. I had the puttanesca spaghetti and I have had better. Husband got the portabella mushroom panini which was delicious. The wine was fantastic we had 2 bottles of Loios. Highly recommend the wine.
Online menu is NOT updated. I have been coming here a LONG time. Probably 9 years. This was the first time I was disappointed. I would typically rate them 5 stars. This review is based on this particular experience. I was looking forward to the Farmer's Market Salad or Toasted Farro I saw online, neither was available. We all had a hard time ordering as nothing we wanted from the menu we saw online was available. Contemplated leaving but it was late and we were tired so made due. The current menu was full of fish (allergic) and basically pizza. We ordered a bruschetta to share and as usual it was amazing. For dinner I ordered the Butcher's Sausage and it was great. Fresh basil and OMG the cheese! Excellent. The pizza's are the size of a large dinner plate in case you're wondering. Traded a piece with my son's Pepperoni and while the meat was good on his (thick/spicy) the rest was bland. My husband was not happy with his salmon dish (full of whole peppercorns). We had the most attentive waiter on the planet who made us feel rushed out (though busy they were not at capacity). Also, there's only so much warm table water we can take! Once or twice is friendly enough but at least 8 times in the 40 min. we were there? Overkill fella. Also, ice cubes Cibon, consider it. I am going to chalk it up to an off night and a terribly bland winter menu as I typically love this place. I will be back & update but that might take a while with so many new interesting options in Roc :)
My friend and I couldn't get over how amazing the food was here!! The menu isn't too big, but everything was high quality and FRESH!! We had bruschetta for dessert and it was incredible... Every ingredient was delicious. For dinner we had the funghi pizza and the pasta vodka with Shrimp. Both exceeded expectations. We will definitely be adding this restaurant into our girls night rotation!!!
The mussels dish here is AMAZING. They're listed under the "to share" section of the menu, but you probably won't want to share them. The broth is lightly creamy and buttery, with plenty of herbs, garlic and onions and the most amazing lightly spicy finish that doesn't overpower. SO GOOD. We get them every time we come to Cibon. I think they might be the best mussels in Roc. It comes with warm, freshly grilled slices of bread to soak up the amazing sauce. We always ask for more because there's not enough served with it to soak up all the sauce. Last night we also tried the Uovo salad which was amazing. A fried and peppered egg on a bed of greens with warmed bite-size asparagus, and warm, thick-cut prosciutto-ish ham cubes. There were also parmesan shavings and a delicious dressing. I literally woke up today still craving more of this salad. The soup special last night was a potato ramp with ham cubes. The description enticed us, so we had to try it. It wasn't what we expected, but was still very satisfying. We have had some of their pastas, which are good, but don't compare to our homemade ones. My husband likes the pizzas; I think they're ok, could be better (more toppings less bready-ness). We want to try their paninis but are always enticed by other menu items. Service is usually pretty good. It was packed on the sidewalk last night so we decided to eat inside where it was quieter for a nice date night. Cocktails and wine are both good. Last night we had pisco sours, which were ok, but a little alcohol-tasting for me. Not the best pisco sour in Roc (I think that honor goes to Lento) but good enough that I'd get one again.
MUST TRY: Cibon mussles, Calamari, and the bruschetta!!
This is a staple for me in Rochester. I always make a point to bring friends from out of town here for a few reasons: I've never had a bad meal and the decor and intimacy of the restaurant are great for any occasion. Their Bruschetta is a personal favorite and I think I've ordered it every time I go in (which is at least once every few weeks). I simply don't get tired of it. The fact that it is consistently fantastic is something that I can't say for all restaurants. While I will try the specials, I'm a creature of comfort, and I love the Michaelangelo panino. The bread from around the corner, along with being grilled to perfection makes this my favorite comfort food meal. I have a special place in my heart for anything including goat cheese, as well, so this nails all my staple musts: great cheese, bread and shrimp. I love that the paninos are paired with a small mixed greens salad with a balsamic dressing rather than fries or chips. No matter how many times I tell myself I will take half home, I always end up clearing my plate. For anyone looking for a great date restaurant or a night out with family or friends, CiBon will cater to any occasion, accommodating all different sized parties. The outdoor seating also makes for amazing people watching on Park Ave. As far as restaurants go, this is home.
