I booked myself a 90 minute hot stone massage here, and I had high hopes. I work pretty hard at a physically demanding job, and I was really looking forward to the relaxation a massage would offer. I showed up about 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork, and I was in the massage room 5 minutes before my scheduled time. Excellent! The room had chocolate colored walls, a massage table, and dim lighting. The sound system was playing soothing music. The room was really warm and cozy. My massage therapist, Shellie, and I talked about what I wanted and was hoping to get from the experience. She left, I undressed, she returned, and the massage began. It was absolutely wonderful. Shellie communicated with me without pulling me out of my deeply relaxed state, and she was very good at what she does. My shoulders were killing me, and there are no words for how much better they feel right now! I had a wonderful experience here. I can't afford to come on a regular basis: my 90 minute massage was $95, plus the tip. But I think the pricing is very reasonable. I'll probably be back in a couple of months, and I'm already looking forward to it. Note: They discourage tipping via credit card, try to remember to bring cash.
I had a facial done at the spa, and it was a good experience. The facial was approximately one hour, which was invigorating. I could tell that different towels were used, which really makes a difference for a 'germaphobe' like me! However, I must point out that at the beginning of the service, when I checked in, the front desk staff were not very customer-friendly. Also, when my facial was done, I was given a business card for what I thought would be for the White Rose Day Spa; however, it was a business card for the cosmetologist's 'side-business' (such as Scentsy, ThirtyOne, etc...), which I thought was quite tacky. I don't know if I'll go there again.
We went to this local "spa" to get mani/pedis for my friend's upcoming wedding. We get there on time, (One of the girls arrived a few minutes early, and they wanted her to get started on her own. hello this is a bridal party! we want to be together!) and are excited to spend the morning with wine, and great friends. However our experience was ruined when the staff was not prepared, and the cobwebs took over! The bride (who is an event planner) made the reservation in detail; she specified which of us would be together (since it is so small in there) for manis (they only have 3 stations) and than pedis (2 chairs). When we went in for our pedicures the room was nice, however once you turned the massage chair on it sounded like a plane engine that was about to explode! and it did not "massage" When we asked about the reservation and why the girls that the bride wanted to be together were not "due to staffing not being on time!" (says the owner) I could go on and on. However unless you want a mani that is painful, (my manicurist said "your cuticles, whens the last time to got a mani! i get one once a week fyi!)  a room filled with cobwebs, and a manicure that chipped before the wedding day. I would not recommend going to this "Spa" Especially for the money. There are alot of options in this area where you can get more for your hard earned money, and have a better overall experience.
Facial massage by Joy was great! Pedicure was below average. When I revisited there to replace the product they had recommended and I needed more of,  they didn't have it in stock, and the woman at the desk seemed clueless about what the product was or when they would have more. She took my number but they never called. They had also recommended a tanning lotion, and when tanning season came and I went in to get some, they said they were sold out. Well since it was late May it seemed they should know that people would need to have it now and keep it in stock.  Also there was a woman who had just finished work there standing at the glass counter, in front of the products I wanted to buy, counting her money and asking the woman at the front desk who had left how much of a tip- oblivious to customers.
Manicures and pedicures are ridiculously overpriced. I think the place is very pretentious and it seems to cater to wealthy middle-aged to older women with their husband's credit cards.
The White Rose is overpriced. I received frankly the worst hair cut I have ever gotten and it cost me much more than it should have. On top of that, the receptionist never told me that they do not accept tips on credit cards and I was forced to return later in the day just to tip my stylist. The service was poor and I would not recommend it for haircuts. Hopefully my too short, crooked hair will grow back quickly.
I was given a certificate for a spa pedicure and went along with a friend.  I get pedicure treatments quite often and must admit this was the worst I ever had.  Not to mention that I didn't get all of the stuff done my friend did sitting next to me and we had the same spa pedicure treatment booked. I get my pedicures done at Bright Nails on the Vestal Parkway- they use the hot stones and do an excellent job for 1/2 the cost.   You would expect a top notch pedicure at a spa when you are paying double the price.   I will not be returning,   It seems to be poorly managed - had an appt prior to and the electricity went out in that area and they never bothered to call to say the were closiing and they did take my #.
