Had such a pleasant experience here! Visiting Binghamton for a wedding and was looking for a place last minute with my college girlfriends. We decided on this place and we were not disappointed! Great facility with amazing service. The service was very fast and efficient, and they even gave us a complimentary back massage. Everyone there was very friendly, and we really nice. Highly recommend!
Well, I didn't expect much when we arrived for our appointment and our chairs were not ready. What is the point of making an appointment for 3 pedicures if you can't sit together? So we waited for three chairs next to each other. 40 minutes later, I'm sitting with my feet in cooler than Luke-warm water and still haven't been touched. I'm not impressed at all. Bottom line: when you bother to make an appointment, have the chairs AND the people available. I'm giving extra stars because my pedicure was good and has lasted well. A secret of this place is at the end of the pedi, you get a 2 minute shoulder massage, if you want it. I liked:)
Had my LAST awful experience there today. Have been before, on several occasions while visiting family in the area and have always been less than impressed. Today however was it for me. 2 of is went in for a pedicure and were there for 2 hours...and our pedicures only took 15 minutes. Staff is UNPROFESSIONAL, especially Shirley who acts like she is some sort of celebrity. The men are nice, but don't know how to give a proper pedicure. We were rushed into the pedicure chairs only to wait for over an hour for anyone to touch our feet. Then I proceeded to get a rushed pedicure that looks awful. I will NEVER return.
I went there to have eyebrow and lip wax. I dialed that number and it is a wrong number. I had to go to their website to get the real number. The place is very nice and clean. The wax was very good. I usually experienced redness after waxing but it didn't happen in here. I will definitely go back to try their manicure and pedicure. Update: I went back for a manicure and pedicure. One person did both so I was there for a quite period of time. And I noticed that its the way they do things. One person per customer. It was a guy who was assigned to me. He did ok. I love the foot massage that he did. But they dont sterilize their equipments. I think they share it with all the customers which I find unsanitary. So I don't think I will go back because of that. But if you don't mind, then they have good service. They also give you a quick about 5 mins neck and shoulder massage after your manicure.
Not Recommended. Ever. I was fooled by the fact that this place was only $25 for shellac/gelish. (I opted for a Gelish French manicure for $30).  It started off by him working on clipping my cuticles..he didn't even soak my nails or use any products on them which I found painful. Then he quickly shaped & buffed them. There was a lot of dust on my nails from the buffing and instead of having me wash my hands, he applied the first coat of gel polish!!? Everyone knows the first rule of gelish is to work on a completely CLEAN and DRY nail. You could see the bits of nail underneath the polish. I didn't know what to think at this point, so I watched the lady next to me getting Gelish and sure enough, he used a spray bottle and nail polish remover to clean her nails. The whole service was rushed and uncomfortable. I would rather spend the $10 extra than ever come back here again.
Best kept nail salon! Tons of colors to choose from, choices are endless for manis and pedis and they even throw in some massage when you're there! Love this place
Very pricey and he cut my big toe and made it bleed. Nice environment but not worth the price compared to others in the area.
Not recommended. I went to get a pedicure and I was in and out of there in 20 minutes.  The girl that did my pedicure was nice but she didn't apply a base coat and only did one top coat layer (not to mention she cut down my nails without even asking). I've been to better nail salons and wouldn't waste my money by going back and spending $25 plus tip for a rushed  pedicure.
This is the best nail salon I've been to!  Absolutely #1 in this area. I've been there two times and each time my nail shape was perfect, which is hard to find. They take time to do a good job. Got a spa pedicure, which included a lower leg and foot massage, then topped it off with a 10m chair massage.  Frankie was wonderful, will definitely be back!
I am very picky about nail salons, so I am pleased to tell you this area finally has a salon that offers a quality pedicure at a very good price.  I have had their spa pedicure now three times and every time it has been excellent.  The interior is spacious, with a high ceiling, and clearly all new construction.  The pedicure chairs and also brand new and very nice.  The spa pedicure comes with a massage that I found well worth it and this salon definitely has the capacity to do large bridal or prom parties.  After coming here, I find it hard to go anywhere else and not be disappointed by the service at other salons!
The very best manicure and pedicure I have ever had in 30 years of traveling around the US.  I have had hundreds off Mani-pedi's all over as well as full sets and this salon, it's service, the personal, the cleanliness and quality are far superior to anyplace I have been. Massage rocks...Frankie is the best!!
