I love hot cider on a cool fall morning so I stopped in at Boulder and used a bit of my guilt-laden, non-interest-bearing savings account which consists of several unused Groupons (this one expired almost 3 years ago). With my three Groupon bucks and seven more in cash, I scored two hot, sweet, and delicious apple cider drinks and a sammy. Now, when I see a menu item named Susan B, I'm already curious. I wonder if this sammy is named for the famous female suffragist, Susan B Anthony, who was arrested for voting in Rochester in the late 1800s and subsequently refused to pay the fine. Methinks a sammy of this name should be savory and spicy...maybe something with a little kick, in honor of this wonderful woman who helped to change the course of history. I opted for the Susan B on a pumpernickel bagel. It included slices of deli meat turkey, dried cranberries, slivered almonds, mixed greens, and cream cheese. It was a little more sweet than savory. This tasty little sammy has inspired me to make a variation sans cream cheese, with a little balsamic instead and maybe a more savory cheese like gruyere or even a sharp cheddar. I LOVED the mixed greens and dried cranberries combined with the turkey and overall, it is a nice tribute to a strong, thoughtful woman with a powerful interest in human rights and who, incidentally, made Rochester her home. Comfortable, relaxing, cozy environment. Beautifully mismatched seating. Great location and free parking although the parking can be tricky at times. Overall, it's close to 4 stars which is enough for me to make my way back here the next time I'm in the area.
My favorite Boulder but still I get frustrated with it. A hub of South Wedge life.  Live music and comedy almost every night. Plenty of space to study.  Good couches for curling up with hot drinks.  Nice that there are two rooms--one is usually quieter for studying and the other louder for socializing.  Good window seats for people watching. Draws a diverse crowd.   Tuna melt is bomb! Coffee is strong and consistent. The problem is that the internet cuts outs pretty frequently.  Like, it's almost non-existent wi-fi.  You have to ask the barista to re-start the modem often and even when it DOES work it's as slow as your granny's dial-up.  It makes it difficult to study here.  For socializing, reading, and seeing cool music/comedy this place can't be beat but study at Spot or Crossroads
I can't express how much I enjoyed Boulder Café! The vibe coming from this place is magnetic. The staff is friendly, the decor is calm and collective, and the coffee and food were excellent....not to mention they serve beer! Cheers!
As a downright coffee fiend, I appreciate Boulder.  As other reviewers have stated, it's a great location to meet friends or colleagues, having done both.  There are two large rooms with multiple cozy nooks for sitting, and big bright windows to let in the sun.   I'm not well versed enough to get into a who-has-the-best-cup-of-joe-in-Rochester conversation just yet, but suffice it to say I find Boulder's beans to be satisfyingly dark.  I don't feel the need to add a shot (ahem, Java's) to get a cup that tastes and does what I want.  The coffee's good. For me, Boulder is about getting a completely reproducible experience each and every time I am there: I know exactly what I am going to get when I go to Boulder, and it's always a variation on the same pleasing experience.  There will be chalkboards announcing the next open mic night.  There will be a pierced barista who is sweet as pie.  There will be a hipster fashionista, sitting near the windows, cutting things out of a magazine while online.  There will be someone grading essays in the corner.  There will be a group of well-dressed ladies chatting by the windows.  There will be long conversations fueled by decent coffee and good company.   If that's what you want, a warm and inviting space where you can chat with a friend or hunker down and get some work done, Boulder is where you want to be.
The menu at Boulder and the range of beverages offered are great. Boulder is right down the street from where I work, so I go quite often (maybe too often) for early-, mid-, late-day pick-me-ups (i.e. coffee and/or sugar-bombed drink). The staff is very friendly and the wait isn't bad even when they're busy. My husband's favorite order is the frozen chai. My favorite fluctuates more, but this summer it has been the mango smoothie. If I'm in a crappy mood and my husband gets me the mango smoothie, it transforms me into not-a-jerk-anymore. It's magic.
Good old Boulder Coffee. I don't come here often, but when I do, I'm always satisfied. This time I was picking up bulk coffee beans for a friend in Cleveland and grabbing sandwiches to-go. They were out of bagels (my standby) so I ended up with paninis. Definitely doing this again! Also I usually opt for the Savory Susan B. but my new favorite is the BLT. I really appreciate a good BLT. So simple, so delicious.
A great coffee shop to meet with friends. I've been there many times and I'm surprised I haven't written a review yet ! A parking spot may be hard to find at certain times because the lot is shared with other businesses. I believe only once out of the 2 dozen times I've stopped into Boulder did I ever run into an issue with the lot being full and having no where to park. I ended up just parking on Alexander St.. no biggie. When you walk in to Boulder you see all the artwork on the walls, a large amount of seating and maybe hear a live band. Then you'll also notice the chalkboard menu filled with coffee, wine and beer beverages. You'll also notice the food options including, paninis, salads and bagel sandwiches. Their bagel sandwiches are to die for, so delicious. Last time I was there I got the Jefferson's airplane... It had egg, ham, Cajun mayo, banana peppers, onions and American cheese. You can actually choose what type of bagel you want it on. The staff is always friendly and outgoing. The drinks and food has always been consistent. I ordered an Americano, which is my usual drink no matter the coffee shop. Out of all places I really enjoy the espresso that Boulder uses. Great place.
I'm an out-of-towner who's been coming here occasionally for the last several years. Everything I've had here, food or drinks, has been excellent.  There's always some great art on the wall to take in, to say nothing of the overall decor (old televisions sitting on even older televisions), and with the variety of seats and the overall layout of the place, you can make it a bit of a unique experience every time.  If you bring a laptop in during the daytime, there's heaps of natural light to keep you happy while you poke away at your work.  (I've found the wifi to be a bit shoddy, though) Hand on heart, this is one of the best indie coffee shops I've found anywhere in the world.
The bf and I stopped in here to pick up more whole bean coffee for his sister as well as ourselves. Their coffee is delicious! We also got a couple of their prepared coffees- a simple cap for me and fancy schmancy campfire mocha for the bf. The Campfire mocha was amazing! My cap- good, simple, with loads of extra foamy goodness as requested. My only complaint was that with three people working behind the counter it took an abnormal amount of time for two coffees and ring up a couple bags of beans. They all seemed to be a bit spaced out yet frazzled. But the coffee was good and the establishment was very eclectic and hipster (as is the neighborhood), and had a cool, sit-with-your-book-all-day vibe. I always stop by when in town and plan to do so every time!
A regular spot for me whenever I need to do some reading or studying. Plenty of outlets and window seating with natural light. Good coffee and decent food. Free wifi if you're a paying customer, you just have to ask the cashier. The passwords are often a little funky. Not a perfect place for people who can't stand background music, since there is often eclectic music playing in the background at a moderate volume. Also, it's not always "easy-listening" music either.  Another thing is that the lighting is poor, so if you're trying to get any work done at night when there's no natural light, it may be difficult. It's still a much cozier environment than the local Starbucks, with cheaper drinks as well. I'll have to check out their open mic night sometime. Oh yeah, they also serve beer. I guess you could theoretically hit the books and then hit the booze afterwards without changing venues.
One of the few great coffee spots in town where you can also imbibe in spirits if you wish, Boulder Coffee hits the mark in so many ways. The coffee, staff, and food selection is excellent. And their live music festival and alcohol selection make this a hot spot for nightlife as well. A genuine staple of the rich Rochester coffee scene. Come in and get your fill of hipsters and coffee in one cup!
This is the perfect (big) coffee shop.  Plenty of free parking, lots of space for comfy couches and tables inside, a huge outdoor patio-like area shared with Napa, and a truly amazing vibe.  The barristas are so friendly, I've never had a less-than-superb cup of anything from here, and it's the perfect place to go for just one drink with friends when you aren't looking for an all-night bar experience.  It reminds me a lot of the coffee-shop-by-day, bar-by-night cafes they have all over Europe.  I really wish there were more places like Boulder. The only word of caution I'd give is check on their website before heading over in the evenings to see if there's an event going on before heading over with friends for a chat -- the open mike nights and such are great if that's what you're going for, but can get kind of loud if you're looking for some downtime.
This Boulder Coffee has my utmost respect - and holds a special place in my heart. So, yes, I guess that means I'm partial. But hey that's what Yelp's about: partial people with fully important opinions! ;) Before Boulder appeared on the corner of Alexander and S. Clinton, the area was, well, sketchy. Like street deals, somewhat violent, filled with cops kind of sketchy. One day I was driving by and noticed a newish brick building with a cool logo. "Oh jeez," I thought. "A coffeeshop? HERE? In this crappy location? God bless the owners.." And here we are, a few years later, with a revitalized South Wedge. Boulder led the way on this reincarnation and very successfully built a business in an area that was intially questionable. Serving both alcohol and coffee and food - that's a tough proposition for a coffeehouse/live music venue. I love the vibe inside the place with the windows facing the corner; you really feel like you're looking out over Rochester, yet somewhat hidden in introspection. It's perfect for studying or passing a quiet afternoon. The funky art, the vintage furniture, all of it's great. And the sandwiches, soups and baked goods are all very good too. The Savory Susan B is fabulous - turkey, almonds, cranberries, cream cheese and cinnamon. It's perfect and very filling. My husband and I had our second date at Boulder. The infamous second date where he drank coffee and I nonchalantly gulped down four (4! how embarrassing!) Sam Adams Noble Pils in a couple hours. We haven't spent a night apart since and five months later we were engaged. Lessons from this: Boulder is great for dates, and being a lush isn't always a turnoff.
Boulder Coffee Co. is that perfect spot if you need to do some studying or just need a place to sit and maybe charge a phone.  It's a little dim inside but not too big of a problem when there's light outside.  The environment has a mellow feel to it and there are plenty of tables and outlets to choose from. The baristas are friendly enough and they make a decent cappuccino and mocha.  For about $2.50-$4, it's not the best I've ever had but it'll pass.
They have coffee, but a wifi network that's impossible to connect too. Starbucks, Java's, McDonalds, all have fast and simple connection setup. Fix you wifi boulder coffee co It's 2014!
Although I already reviewed the Park Ave Boulder, South Wedge as the flagship location deserves extra love for its unique attributes. The first thing that catches your eye is the funky furniture and artsy art. This place is decked out like a vintage flea market from ceiling to floor. Just as I mentioned with my Park Ave review - you can get anything and everything here, well maybe not everything. Awesome coffees, fresh whole beans, tasty sandwiches and salads plus I love their spiced chai. Always my first choice beverage. BUT in other great news, you can order an alcoholic beverage here (beer, wine & full bar!) A rarity among coffee shops in the U.S. Side note, I laughed to myself when at Starbucks during a trip to NYC and a foreign visitor asked if they sold beer... if only he were at Boulder Coffee in Rochester, his wish would have been granted. Any-who, they have a few good bottled beer selections like the Victory Hop Devil and the cocktails are fun - cool names & tasty ingredients - who doesn't love a coffee cocktail or a Boulderita, their take on a margarita. You'll find some acoustic bands playing here every so often, plus open mic night on Weds. at 8pm if you're looking to showcase your talents to the Boulder-ites. It's a big location and their patio is nice to hang out on during the warmer months. You'll find many people working on their laptops and hanging out with friends. Also they host Boulder Fest in their parking lot during the summer - fun time to get together with friends to listen to local/regional bands, check out local artists and vendors. A good reason to get out and about. Cheers!
It's been so long. Boulder Coffee began our journey from Rochester to Denver. Parking sucked that night. What do you do instead? Regardless, we picked up some paninis for driving to Cleveland fuel. What did I order? I don't remember. I know it was good, portable for me the drive, and had long lasting flavor. Don't need anything more.
You can tell a lot about a coffee house by the types of baggage you see sitting around. For example, if you walk into a place with backpacks and laptop cases you're probably in a coffee shop that caters mostly to college students. They'll most likely have good mixed coffee drinks, frozen drinks with a lot of sugar in them, and things with Red Velvet in the name. If there are a lot of briefcases and leather portfolios, expect strong espresso drinks, pre-packaged sandwiches, and several types of biscotti for businessmen stopping in for quick pick-me-ups to help them power through their 12-hour work days. If there are lots of fanny packs, you've either landed in a hipster joint or the place my parents like to go for breakfast every Wednesday. Ditch the fanny packs dad! The bags at Boulder reflect a diverse clientele, and similarly, a wide variety of food/drink options. On any given day, you may see a couple of cops downing straight up black coffee next to a guy with a soy cappuccino wearing a hat that he made himself. Or you may see a dude with a handlebar mustache eating a grilled portobello panini next to an Asian guy downing Blue Lights at an alarming rate (who may or may not be me...most of the time it isn't...MOST of the time). Yes, Boulder serves alcohol, which makes things either really awesome or really weird, depending on the time of day you go. For the most part, the crowd is an equal combination of hipsters, college kids, and normal people. I'm not sure what category I fall into, but judging by the free Greentopia Festival bag I use to carry all my stuff, I fall into the "kinda poor, kinda hip, kinda environmentally conscious, mostly tired" category. Sorry, this review hasn't been helpful at all. UNTIL NOW. The food here is better than expected. I had the Cuban the other day and, aside from the ham-for-roast pork substitution, it was a pretty solid sandwich. It had a good ratio of meat to pickle to cheese and the bread was nicely toasted. I'm currently on a tea kick, so I got a cup of Earl Grey and later a cup of Darjeeling. The teas are Republic of Tea loose leaf, which is fine with me. I got a cup of chai a couple of days later and it was good, though sweeter than I would have preferred. It was made with powder, rather than a pre-mixed liquid, and it tasted about the same as every other chai served in coffee houses. I'll update this review once I've had a coffee drink. The atmosphere at this Boulder location is what I really enjoy, and honestly, isn't that what really matters when selecting coffee shops? The chairs and couches are old, but not so old you wonder if somebody died in them; they're old like your mom. Sorry, typo. I'll leave it. What I meant to say is they're old like your mom's comfy, mustard colored couch that you carried from the garage to your basement when you moved back in with your parents because it was that comfortable. There are plenty of electrical outlets and decent wifi here, so all you nerds can "nerd it out" all nerd long. In addition, there are stools that look out to the ultra-scenic Alexander-Goodman intersection. Talk about fanny packs! If you're lucky, you'll see someone on the sidewalk swearing at someone in a car. Classic Rochester banter! There are also standard tables for chatting with your book club friends about books written by some author who writes really good stories (I don't really know what book clubs do) and for having intimate man-dates with your friend who insists on drinking whiskey where ever he goes, meaning you have to drive everywhere. The music is eclectic and ranges from cool, indie music to new age jazz that forces me to retrieve my headphones from my car. Overall, this Boulder Coffee location is a great spot for doing all sorts of coffee shop related activities and it's one of my favorite spots in Rochester for chilling, doing intellectual shit, and drinking beverages.
I LOVED Boulder coffee Co. from the moment I saw their back courtyard from the deck of Napa Pizza.  It reminded me of my favorite beer garden in San Francisco, Zeitgeist in the Mission. After eating pizza next door I needed a pick me up for the drive back to the FLX.  As we entered from the rear we were greeted by some random dude, "do you guys play an instrument?"  he asked, um, no. But it was cool to have such a random dude ask such a random question. The set up is funky and I bet this spot can get quite an eclectic crowd in the evening.  Is this a coffee shop?  A restaurant?  A bar?  I have never been to a coffee place that has a full bar and such an extensive menu.  What have I been missing? If I owned this spot I would promote the back area.  What a cool place to hang out and drink either coffee or cocktails on a nice day.  A band or DJ would be super fun on a Sunday afternoon, why does Rochester not offer this type of venue?  In San Francisco, on Sundays Zeitgeist would be PACKED with people socializing in the SUN, man do I miss that. I look forward to going back to Boulder and checking out some of their offerings.
I really want to love Boulder. The decor is great. It has such potential. Service I have had several instances in which the servers where rude to me. Also, many times it takes a LONG time for food prep, even when it isn't busy. WiFi I am a home-based writer. I do most of my work at home or in a cafe. Whenever I come to Rochester I work in Spot or Boulder. The Wifi at Boulder tends to cut in and out. The signal goes from strong to weak. I am not sure what the problem is. But it has happened to me several times at different times of the year. I need a reliable signal so I usually end up going to Spot. Music I can see having the music load in the evenings when people are looking for more of a hang-out/club alternative. But they start blast the music as soon as they open. I am not the only one looking to do some work in the cafe. Almost every other person in there during the day has a laptop and is trying to get something accomplished. One time I asked if they could turn it down (at 11am), the server gave me a dirty look and asked me if I thought I was the only one in the coffee shop. He then laughed as if it were a joke and said he would turn it down a little. But he didn't. I haven't let that ruin Boulder for me though. I have given it a try several times since then and each time I am disappointed. Parking I prefer Spot - But the main thing Boulder has going for it is the parking lot. At Spot I need to fill my meter every 2 hours. It is a real pain. Overall I would say this is a good place to go in the evening or anytime you want to hang out with some friends. IF you want to do work or read I would avoid this place and go over to Spot.
Great vibe, great coffee. One of the few places I could find in Rochester open past 10 on a Thursday night that wasn't a bar. I needed to get some work done and drove around for a half an hour before happening upon this place. The interior (both decorations and music) are to me a perfect cafe environment. Dimly lit with some brighter areas to work, indie music playing in the background, and interesting people doing everything from chatting with friends, playing games, or writing a novel. As far as coffee, the cappuccino I got was not only tasty, but the frothed milk on top was so much better than I'm used to. While it didn't have any fancy garnish, it really brought the drink together and made my work that much bearable. I'm definitely interested in stopping again when they have live music and might opt for some cider over coffee. Definitely on my list of places to stop by again! Pros: vibe, price, uniqueness
Most decent coffee I've found in Rochester that in any way compares to Portland, OR coffee [my old stomping grounds and rights to the definition of coffee]. The wait was long during the morning rush, but I almost take that as a good sign, even though there was only one person behind the counter. I also ordered a "sweet caroline" bagel sandwich, egg, sausage and syrup. Yummy. Not too sweet or salty. Will go back for sure.
I love this place. You can get good coffee, decent light fare, AND they have beer and wine. What else could you want? Two things in regards to another review about the service and music. 1) When this place opened, I thought the servers were rude, too, but now consistently I have gotten very friendly service. 2) Also I think the music used to be louder, which was annoying to me, too, I think they turned it down a little bit. Either that or I am slowly losing my hearing.
The good: I met my husband at one of Boulder's open mic nights and was a regular there (weekly) for years. Great wine. I love the vibe and it's location (South Wedge). The outside patio is huge and there is lots of outdoor seating. The food is pretty darn good, the atmosphere is funky eclectic and laid back. Busy nights are crowded enough to not be able to find a seat inside quite literally and the baristas are friendly. The coffee is some of the best in town. The bad: When we got engaged we wanted to throw a party at one of the locations and made numerous attempts through every reasonable avenue to contact someone, ANYONE, to see if this was even a possibility and were met with complete and utter silence. Several years later, I suggested Boulder as a venue for a fundraiser and AGAIN was met with a disappointing silence. I expressed that disappointment via Facebook to my "friend" Bouldercoffee. Since it is a public forum I wondered if they would indeed bother to respond and low and behold! Unbelievably I was met with undisguised passive aggressive contempt instead of an apology and inquiry. Your reputation is everything when you are a small business. How disappointing. . Overall: I recommend Boulder as a great coffee joint and a place to grab breakfast or see a band. Top notch open mic as well. I  would give them 4-5 stars in that sense. However, the response I received from the owners/upper management (?) has hurt their reputation in my circle (I worked for Gannett publications, have many friends in local corporate circles and am a local event photographer). It's unfortunate that they do not see the value in a long standing customer like myself.
This place was a very cool find.  We went in the morning - not sure what it's like at night - when there were a few people lounging with coffee and breakfast here and there.  The environment was great - chairs and couches with character, art all over the walls, a stage for night performances, chandeliers, etc.   The service was nice, drinks were great - hazelnut mocha and a vanilla chai latte.  The vanilla chai received rave reviews (as has been mentioned by other yelpers), so its a great recommendation.   Definitely check it out.
Great coffee (beats Java's hands down), same decor as Java's but with a more grown-up atmosphere. I originally thought both places were owned by the same people. They aren't, according to RocWiki. The wine/beer menu seems robust.  Next time I visit I plan on sitting out in the courtyard. Perfect after-dinner treat to visit after having some delicious pizza next door at Napa Wood Fired Pizzeria. The service was not that great - looking at you hipster chick that was too busy on her phone when there was a line of 6 people. Perhaps it was a fluke, so I am letting it slide for now.  Also... the chocolate chip cookies were stale and flavorless. Despite these two negatives this place still deserves 4 stars by me.
I used to love this coffeehouse but my last few visits have left a bad taste in my mouth...literally.  The quality of the drinks have certainly declined.  Or maybe it's the baristas not listening to my very simple order and getting it wrong.  I did explain to the barista that I was trying to get her attention because she was making my drink wrong and when I brought it to her attention I was informed as to why she made my drink the way she did.  Gosh thanks but that isn't how I wanted it. She offered to make it again however I could see she was very busy socializing with her friends and decided this is probably my last visit here....EVER. I used to come here several times a week.  The service and drinks have just been so poor that it's easier for me to just go to the Starbucks around the corner than to bother driving here.  It's always loud because the music is blaring whether it's the satellite radio (which the barista has failed to notice the particular station she has chosen is mostly static) or a band.  Either way you can't read or do your work because everyone is yelling to be heard. In speaking of work, I did the majority of my work here because there are lots of tables and places near outlets to use my computer.  I have since given up on doing work here and come to read recreationally, because the wifi was kicking me off so frequently. There really aren't any really special pastries here that you can't get at any other coffeehouse (Starbucks) that set this place apart from anywhere.  They have salads and sandwiches here if you like to wait forever. I do like the atmosphere offered here, lots of comfy places, an outside area and I am a huge proponent of any place that supports local artists, lots of great artwork on the walls. I'd prefer to frequent the local small business rather than a nationally recognized chain, but if the small business has roughly the same prices they better at least have the same if not better quality of product or at least service.  This place has neither. I feel I have given this place the benefit of the doubt but after four less than desirable experiences in a row I have to believe this has become the norm.  Sadly I won't be coming here anymore...
a good cup of coffee and it seems like a cool place to sit down and do some work  the staff was friendly and helpful.
I may be in Boston now, but Boulder is on my list of places I miss most.   Dear Boulder, this is why I love you: First of all you are in the South Wedge, my favorite spot in Roch.  Second you have great coffee, espresso, live music, and art.  You offer a farmers market - you have been driven into two times and still reopen for business.  You have outdoor seating even in the winter, with a fire going to keep me warm.  You have yummy snacks and great martinis.  You used to be a best kept secret, but I don't even mind that you have been discovered because I love you and want you to be happy. Xoxo, Dara
Back in my college days, this was my ultimate hangout. The free wi-fi, decent priced coffee, great location and cute boys made it an ideal spot for my best friend and I. We would always trek down there (it's right on the RTS and U of R bus line) with the task of getting some school work or studying done, but we'd usually run into friends or get sucked into whatever band was playing. But they do have multiple tables and couches that make it an ideal homework spot. The place is also relatively quiet during the day (unless the hipster baristas have the radio cranked up). The coffee here is also very good. If you are planning on hanging out for a little while, make yourself comfortable and get it in a mug. Cheaper refill prices. The sandwiches are also pretty tasty. The baked goods are a little bit too sweet for my taste, but they make a good snack if you're starving. In addition to the find local artwork and musicians that you'll find at Boulder, the cafe also houses a multitude of community meet-ups. I also used to love hanging out in the backyard during the summer. They used to have a fire pit in the back, I don't know if they still do. Boulder also serves beer and wine, which also makes it a great place for a quiet first date. So! Whether you're in the mood to get some work done, read a book, scope out some local art and music, or just chill...this is definitely your place! Check it out!
Stopped in for some coffee, a scone and some reading.  I was pleased with all.  A nice little place with artwork abound and eclectic music.  Very nice atmosphere.
I WAS THROWN OUT TODAY for asking if the manager Rosie would not change the wifi password during a meeting.
Coffee, drinks (with alcohol...) and decent food... ummmm HELLO!! My experiences at Boulder have all been great. I feel right at home, though I usually go solo for school work, reading and relaxin'. I also really appreciate the parking lot ;) Boulder is a must do on my trips home to the 585!
Super comfortable atmosphere.  separate areas make it feel homey.  Great music on the sound system, great coffee.  nice deck but it seemed to lack ambience, maybe because it was a cool evening.  off street parking was a bit off a challenge to find a spot but we got luck and they offer free wifi but i kept getting kicked off where I was sitting
Boulder is a good spot for coffee in the city, and usually isn't overly crowded on weekend mornings. A great spot to read and relax on a Saturday/Sunday late morning. During my last visit however, I was informed that I "get" to toast my own bagel. Hurray! This reminded me of a Bill Burr comedy bit, that, without going into detail, makes me wonder who laid off the bagel toaster? When I go to a restaurant, preparing my food isn't something I generally look forward to. That being said, the location has a good selection and a great atmosphere.
Just like Java's.  To me, the Java's/Boulder rivalry is like Android/iOS:  Eventually the good apps go cross platform and the innovations of one make their way into the other.   I really have no preference, both offer similar things and service, but Boulder does have an edge since they do offer alcohol.
Well I went to Boulder with some friends to study...  the band Cruelty Free was jamming some acoustic with an Alice in Chains influence (with a funky bass), and almost all the talbes are full.... it's bustling here! Evry 5 minutes 10 more people come and go... Up at the counter there's to hardworking kids getting beers, panini's (you gotta try the panini's!) and baked goods. There's fresh coffee for sale here in bulk, and if you want to stay in, they are still brewing here at 10pm!!! Boulder opens at 7am (8am weekends) and brews and jams until midnight, 7days a week. You will find a fun, eclectic crowd... but you could start an converstaion with anyone here... oh, and open mic is every Sunday night... I come here to do school work, or work work with the free internet here, which is usually pretty good, sometimes it can be flaky... but, I almost forgot... in the summer (check the website for info... ) there's the South Wedge Farmer's Market, every Thursday night, like a little Thursday night public market... with a winery, produce, and other South Wedge goodies... this is totally worth checking out... I stop here on my way home from biking in the summer.... So come out out Rochester! See you at Boulder! Online here
Boulder Coffee is definitely one of my favorite spots in Rochester! The coffee is good and decently priced.  Their sandwiches are tasty....I adore their tuna melt! The atmosphere is great also....I love the art on the walls and the mix of seating options.  The music is usually enjoyable and the free Wi-Fi makes it a great spot to get work done.  The outdoor patio is awesome in the summer.   I especially like that Boulder serves alcohol in addition to the usual coffee shop fare which makes it super convenient if you ever feel like spiking your drink on a cold winter day!
Like the atmosphere, and the art. I've enjoyed a few open mic nights here and it's been fun. The food and coffee are ok. They're too small and overpriced. I did however buy coffee beans at the public market location and those are great!
Boulder is my favorite coffee shop in Rochester.  Good espresso, decent drip, excellent (inventive!) sandwiches, nice atmosphere, good music, solid service.  Having a liquor license is a great idea for coffeeshop.  Thanks for the parking. The prices are a little high but generally it's worth it.  Great location, nice live music now and then - keep it up, Boulder!
The staff is super friendly & fun, and they helped us execute a pretty fabulous surprise proposal for a friend. They were patient with us essentially taking over the open mic stage, and played along with rouse to surprise the friend. Thanks for being a part of a great memory!
I really like the ambiance of this place.  Great space for thinking and having a cup of joe.  Wifi is a bit shoddy, and staff are very secretive about the password (rolls eyes).
Honestly I heard great things about this place and being a coffee snob i wanted to try it. but it was overrated first of all the two baristas were rude and not very welcoming when i walked in, second of all my drink wasn't even that good and certainly not worth $5.50. i probably won't ever be going back here
Really like this place. Was on an unexpected roadtrip and found Boulder via Yelp. Atmosphere is great. Food and service is good. Makes a great place to relax or get some work done. Highly recommend and will come back if at all possible.
Super rad environment. I ended up here on a Friday evening and just sat for hours listening to the live band. There are couches and some super awesome artwork. Huge huge fan.
It's okay, better than a gas station.
It was cute, wish I could be around more to experience it more fully.  Its like Javas for grown ups.
We came to this Boulder my second night in Rochester. I'd already visited the one on Park Ave, but as we had to meet friends at a mutually convenient location, we came to this one. It was spacious and pretty - great for chatting or getting work done. And actually, one of the same baristas who worked at the Park Ave location the night before was working here the next day (she must like both locations just as much as we do!). I like the 50s-esque decor - old school TV and art deco couches, tables and chairs. It's bigger than the Park Ave location, but equally comfortable and pleasant. There are plenty of plugs around, too, to charge your laptop as you do work on one of the velour couches. The Americano is strong! And their peanut butter choco-chip cookie isn't bad, but very crumbly.
Fun place. Good drinks. Good service. Good food. Good desserts. Lots of room for groups to meet and hang out. Service is a bit slow though, which is why I give this four stars. Friendly service though!
Genesee River Roots are playing at boulder coffee on Alexander street, And they sound great so much good energy coming from the band &fans and not to say meanchtion good coffee too. Tonight is a great day to be alive they will be at spot until closed we love you thanks for coming see you again
Ehhh... I have my barista certification, so I'm a bit of a coffee nerd - legit.  When I don't make my own beverages in my own home with my own equipment, I go out for the whole "Coffeehouse Experience."  And I certainly do not want to have to explain how a beverage should be made.  Hence - Yelp review prompted! This place has always been a bit pretentious, the staff are always snooty, the bathrooms are always filthy, and the coffee really isn't anything to write home about.  Yeah, it's cool that they offer booze on the menu but this doesn't add any sort of quality.  If a customer has to explain, "a macchiato has barely any milk in it.  Macchiato, in Italian, literally means 'marked.'  The espresso is 'marked' by the milk.  It isn't foamy, it isn't creamy, it is espresso, with a touch of milk," then, Houston, we have a serious problem.  My last visit here, I was tempted to jump behind the counter and make the drink for myself - What on earth are you doing destroying the crema by pulling my shots into two separate cups, then pouring them into a larger cup, and filling it with milk that has obviously been steamed more than once?? No. Pull my double shot into ONE cup, and give it a touch of freshly (once)-steamed milk. That's all I asked for. The atmosphere tries too hard to be BoHo or a mock-up of San Francisco.  And as a side note, the music leaves much to be desired. There really isn't anywhere good in Rochester to get a decent specialty coffee drink; so if you want to pay too much for the wrong item, I guess Boulder Coffee would be the place to do it - but don't have high hopes, out of towners.  This city knows beer, they don't know jack about coffee.
I really like this place. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable, and the coffee...awesome. The music they play is always fun, and I love checking out all the work by local artists on the walls. A++
Nice fun coffee shop. I met a girl here for a first date, and while it was 90% ideal, the fact that they play their music loud enough that it's sometimes hard to hear the person 2 feet away from you is a bother. Otherwise it has a great selection of coffee shop drinks and light food. The addition of beer makes it unique and would make me consider it for an after work hangout. Decoration is good, furniture clean and adequate, good location and friendly service. Just turn the music down a bit - make it part of the ambiance not a concert at 4 in the afternoon.
Very unique coffee place. Love the art and ambiance. It's a great place to study or have a group get together and play board games. I love that they have live music and beer. I've not yet eaten here but the coffee is always delicious.
What better way to spend your afternoon than to lounge back, sip coffee and watch a car or two crash through the front entrance. I swear this place is magnetic.  But in all honesty I really do enjoy this place, saw the Mathmatetians here a few years ago, they were very fancy!
This place has done so much to revitalize its corner of the South Wedge.  I should make a point of going there more often.  I went once on a Thursday a month ago, the first day they had the Farmer's Market outside.  The business was very nicely decorated, had comfortable seating, and the tea and sandwich I had was tasty.  The staff was attentive and polite.  I would certainly return again (I'm sorry that I haven't yet, now that I think about it!), and would definitely like to go some evening there is a band.  In fact, the business just completed an amazing remodel of the space beside the old space, and it looks so nice!!
When I lived in Rochester (specifically in the South Wedge), Boulder was key to my enjoyment of winter. Lots of comfortable furniture, lots of natural light. Decent to good coffee. So-so food, and a little too expensive for the portions. The music's always a little too loud, but I just started bringing earplugs (I came to read) and got used to it. Good hours, and good nightlife events. An important fixture in the Wedge. Besides the volume and the mediocre food, the other thing holding back my fifth star is the difficulty of getting enough reading light. Java's wins in this area.
I've been in this place a couple of times, and the staff are consistently rude and slow to make drinks and food. After the barista made me a lukewarm drink, I asked for it to be warmed up, and got a reluctant "wow, you're making my life difficult" face. Although he made a fresh drink, it was scarcely warmer than the first, and he clearly didn't care whether it was better or not. Moreover,  the baristas feel the need to blare the music, even when there are few customers in the shop and those who are there are just trying to get work done! Why is it that so many coffee shops these days feel the need to try and be a bar too -- especially before the evening hours. I stayed away from Javas after people complained about the snotty hipster baristas there, but this place is in danger of being just as bad.
Love the vibe, Love the food, Love the drinks. My friend took me here a couple years ago and introduced me to their awesome raspberry chai... because I HATE coffee. They no longer offer it, which is too bad because it was really good. The parking lot is sometimes annoying, but that's usually because they are packed.  The outdoor area is really nice too.
i love boulder. first of all they roast their own beans, which are delicious. I can say that I have never had a poor drink here. also, yelp is wrong, they do in fact have a full bar and the cocktails are actually quite delicious. The atmosphere is perfect, nice and open with lots of seating and big windows. At night time this place has got it right with dim lights and candles. I could live without the live music sometimes but it is their thing and they do it well. The staff is hip and friendly. I can say that I have never had a bad experience here.
I want to love boulder because they have great coffee but the service has been so bad lately I won't go back. Rude servers = waste of your time!
Good coffee hot chocolate  the ambiance is cool,  though , furniture was more suited curbside, maybe I'm too critical it's a great coffee house .
My family regularly visits the South Wedge neighborhood in Rochester. Boulder has been a regular stop since it opened. On Mother's Day, my husband and I walked there with our very hungry 3 year old, in search of food and coffee. Their credit card and ATM machines were both down. We had only $1 in cash and asked if they would take a check, given their other modes of payment were not working. Staff there called the owner, who would not accept a check. This is our last time at Boulder and I encourage anyone seeking quality customer service to avoid this establishment.
Unfriendly staff, decent drinks, but awesome music and atmosphere.... what an unfortunate combination!!
Great coffee & nice atmosphere!
i put the address into my GPS and got worried when it took me down a residential road. but then low and behold the Boulder Coffee building came into sight. if you blink you might miss it. it looks just like the other houses. inside the employees are super nice and there is free wi-fi! the stage was set for a band to play but there was no live music when i was there. the girl behind the counter was playing some cool tunes tho. the coffee was really good. prolly best in all of Rochester! and there's a trap door in the bathroom for some reason. i'm not sure. anywho, definitely worth checking out if you want an alcoholic drink, a coffee, or free internet.
will take over the world. at least the swedge.
