Amazing meal and outstanding service. We recommend the greens, chicken franchise, veal Parm, spaghetti Savoy, lasagna, fettuccini carbonara, and the best cheesecake I ever had.
Family run Italian-American piano bar and restaurant with excellently seasoned steaks and East Rome Greens that remind me of the legendary greens server at Hollywood restaurant during he wee hours of the mid-1980s!  Enjoyed excellent and reasonably priced wine as well an very friend service from Sue from Booneville. Garlic mashed potatoes were good and the house salads with any of their excellent dressings is delicious!
Excellent food, a warm welcome, and great service in a comfortable and uncrowded setting. We were passing through Rome on our way west from Massachusetts to Montana, and this was a just a convenient place to stop for the night. Dinner at the Savoy made the whole stay memorable.  The calamari appetizer was terrific!
Love the food in this place.. top notch. Had the Chicken Savoy and wow a lot of food, and the mashed garlic potatoes are to die for. My only complaint and it is really silly is the creepy clown picture on the wall, didn't want to spend my romantic evening with my husband with that clown staring at me.
Warm and welcomed greeting set the good vibrations from the first step into the restaurant! Service was courteous and attentive. Ordered the grilled lobster with homemade fettuccini special. Each bite delighted the palate. The atmosphere is as sensory as the delicious food.
It's no surprise The Savoy gets such strong reviews on Yelp! This family-owned and operated business has been feeding customers in Rome, N.Y., for over 100 years, and the entire staff is proud of the restaurant's storied history, cares about the food they serve, and strives to ensure the quality of their customers' experience. The menu is vast but it's clear to my family that their southern Italian food with red sauce is the house specialty. We have had the pasta, meatballs, shrimp scampi, pizza, eggplant parmesan (which they gladly made to order for us without the breading), chicken parmesan, and steaks -- and it makes my mouth water now just thinking about how delicious and well-prepared everything is. Their salads are only fair-to-middling, but who goes to old-style Italian restaurant for the lettuce anyway? Not us anyway. We also have a family member who is gluten-intolerant, but here is the good news: The Savoy offers gluten-free pasta! The Savoy caters to serving families and big parties as much as they appreciate deuces, which is always nice to see. We have been there on weekend evenings when it's super busy with the live piano music, and tables with grandmas and kids, and couples seated in the corner, and a bar scene, and it's all going on at the same time with an honest, sincere vibe.This is a place that's not to be missed if you are hungry for a sit-down meal and anywhere within a 30-minute drive of Rome. I know Rome, N.Y., is a kind of down-on-its-luck town, but The Savoy makes this burg shine. And they take reservations. One bit of advice: Resist the temptation to fill up on their homemade bread and butter while waiting for your meal to arrive. Be patient; the portions are very generous.
Food was good, beer was cold, service was great, Keith is and excellent waiter, keep up the good work.
Five stars for the Savoy, and I can't believe no one has reviewed this place yet. The best parts: The jazz festival; the eggplant parmesan; the homemade manicotti; the East Rome greens; the friendly waitresses; the local legend and talented pianist, Rick Montalbano. A classy, friendly establishment.
Good golly, this place is the cat's pajamas!! Fiance and I drove out to Rome to check out an estate sale and decided to make a day out of it. We're glad we hung around long enough to have dinner here, it definitely turned our "outing" into a full-out day. Things you should definitely do when at the Savoy: -order the clams over linguine. holy moly! sooooo good. I got it with the white sauce and that was pretty heavenly, but if you're not into it, get the red. You really can't go wrong either way (plus, they were generous with the clams. I ate my dish while reading the sign across the table from me that said "eat shrimp, live longer. eat clams, LOVE longer") -enjoy the garlic bread and ask for more (it is so good!) -walk around the dining area and take time to enjoy the pictures and memorabilia (there is so much stuff on the walls and scattered around the dining room that you could probably spend a whole day just looking at everything. It's like a museum!) -dine with friends or family (it just screams family dinner!) -take home your leftovers (because you're gonna get some. and they will be just as good/better the next day and then you won't have to drive all the way to Rome to eat at the Savoy again)
I always enjoy dinner here. The ambiance is dozens of photos accumulated over the years, which makes it warm and homey. The service has never been less than great. The food is simple American Italian, done well. It isn't fancy, and it doesn't need to be, it just needs to be good. I would recommend the linguini carbonara, which is my favorite. If you're looking for a nice romantic night out that won't cost you a boat load of money, this is a nice option.
Great place for authentic Italian food. The atmosphere is wonder typically find live music playing in one form or another.
Pizza was ok but the pasta, meatballs and and sausage had no flavor! The restaurant felt old and needs a refresh. Was definitely expecting better so that made the meal all the more disappointing.
This is a charming, local restaurant that's lovingly owned by the same family for 100 years. Loved the ambiance. Nostalgic photos on the walls, old blue eyes on the stereo. We kept our order simple -- pizza, pasta, salads. We passed on dessert. But enjoyed the well-made cocktails and small, but decent wine list.
I have never had a bad meal here. This is one of the places we take our out-of-town guests to. Good Italo-American fare, nice ambiance, and the prices are reasonable. If you're not into Italian food, there are many other options. Try the booth seating - cozy and intimate! Wine list is not extraordinary, but pretty good. Decor is actually upscale for Rome.
Nice candle light dinner with a variety of food. Be prepared to be stuffed. The food was great and they like to have live bands. Great atmosphere with a ton of pictures on the wall giving lots of character.
I ordered lunch here for the first time and was very pleased. The chicken salad was oversized and full of good stuff! I have it four instead of five stars because the menu was old online and I ordered a chopped salad and they gave me something much different. The different salad had lots of great toppings so it was ok but thank goodness I wasn't allergic to any of it!
Wow. I was really pleasantly surprised. The decor is casual and prices are reasonable, so I expected it to be good but not great. However, I had a very tasty and tender steak with marsala and mushrooms that was exceptional, along with a nice glass of Malbec. We were a large party, under a time constraint, and asked for separate checks, but the waitress was very accommodating and pulled it all off for us without a hitch. I'd go back and try them again in a heartbeat.
Definitely would recommend this place.  Nice atmosphere and good food.
Food is delicious and service is great.  Portions are enormous, and prices are great.
Very disappointed. Obvious store-bought sliced bread and canned parmesan. Rubbery Risotto and plastic strawberry cheesecake.
i like this place - the prices are affordable, the food is good (i prefer their linguini dishes and the garlic bread is very good), it's a cozy, down-home atmosphere, an in-house pianist plays jazz music in the background (perfect listening music for dinner), there's friendly service, it's in a nice location (sorry rome, but it's hard to say that for most places), and the menu has a nice range of homemade italian, american, and seafood-style dishes. thumbs up.
