Nice place for breakfast.  Good service and good food, reasonable price.  Went on Sunday morning, was very crowded but got a table fairly quickly.  Fast, friendly service, were accommodating of my father who is in a wheelchair.  Back in back though, front door has steps.  They take cash only, so be prepared.
Nice local's diner.  Visited for breakfast. Good cripsy home fries. Tasty "greens" (a Utica thing) - but very buttery. Probably better to ask them not to use butter. Friendly and attentive waitress. Kept my coffee full. Fun atmosphere of obvious regulars - sitting at separate tables thruout the room but all talking to each other about the country's political corruptions. Even included us in their Rebulican rantings. Heads up: Cash only. Prices ok. Not a steal, but not exorbitant.
I tried to eat here, but I couldn't.  Here's why. 1. They only accept cash. This is idiotic, made worse by the fact that they don't have an ATM on site (or if they do, there is no indication of it when you walk in) - and are in the middle of nowhere. No one carries cash anymore.  Please join the 21st Century.  I accept credit cards for God's sake, and I don't even have a business.  There are homeless people that accept donations via Square (Hint: that's not cash). 2. In the time it took us to find cash and come back, they closed. Who closes at 1:35 pm? I didn't see hours anywhere. Maybe they were hidden under the 290 "cash only" signs. 3.  There was no hostess at the front door.  When we originally walked in, hoping to see an ATM somewhere, there was a hostess stand, a bunch more "Cash only" signs.... but no sign of an ATM, and no sign of a human being.  Had there been a person standing there who could have said, "We're closing," we wouldn't have wasted our time going to get cash.  We also could have asked her the closest place to get cash, which would have been useful information. Oh, and now I'm stuck with cash.  Great.
Solid place for breakfast! Food is always consistent and the waitresses keep the coffee pouring.
I was actually really excited to go to this place because of all the reviews and comments i've heard but...I was disappointed. Since there were around 8-9 of us, we sat at a long table in a separate room at the back of the restaurant. The seating arrangement took us away from the cute space in the main dining area and that was disappointing. The main point is that there was a lot of space in the main dining area. Putting that aside, I got an orange juice and two eggs with a side meat combo in addition to hash browns. The food was not extraordinary - it's actually pretty similar to the food I have at college (I strongly believe the food at my school is pretty amazing compared to most schools). So it wasn't anything really good. Pros: The atmosphere - if only I had it Good place to bring parents Cons: Waiters/waitresses - since we were in the back room, we had to wait 15 min for them to come take our orders Food - decent, it's a regular breakfast place - hence the name If you need a place to bring your parents, this place can be the one because there aren't that many restaurants around this area.
Breakfast at Tiffany's was a staple for late night breakfast for my friends and me for years. You can't go wrong with a basic eggs over-easy and bacon, homefries, greens, and toast. While I prefer my greens a little on the spicier side (like at the other great late-night diner Char-Latte's in Utica), you get a pretty generous amount here.
I love bringing my family to Tiffany's for breakfast or brunch when they're visiting for Family Weekend (I'm a student at Hamilton College).  It's great because it reminds me of the New Jersey diners I grew up with and is really reasonably priced. A couple of important things to know: Weekends are always busy for breakfast, so expect to wait anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour depending on the size of your group, especially if a lot of H.C. families are in town.  Also, it's CASH ONLY, though there's an ATM on the premises. The wait staff is friendly but usually rushed, especially if it's busy.  The restaurant atmosphere is pretty basic, but it's clean and simple and, anyway, this isn't the type of place you go for atmosphere! You can't really go wrong with the menu.  My personal favorite is the Giambotti, basically an omelette with everything in it.  For around $9 it really fills you up.  Overall, a great value with great tasting food.
Need a quick bite with no frills? Did I mention easy to find? Tiffany's will do the trick. On our college trip to Hamilton College, we needed to find a place for breakfast. We had 27 minutes, really cutting it tight. Walked in, found an open table. The decor is very simple, table and chairs are no frills. They were busy, a good sign. Waitress  came over handed us menus. I really wanted oatmeal but not on menu so went easy and simple. Both had eggs with toast. I also had bacon. All was done well but bacon was not crisp. The food was served quickly, 11 minutes. Eat in 7 minutes, paid then out the door in record time. We would visit again.
Very dark diner with unfriendly staff and soggy greens. Will not be returning.
Amazing! Constant companion and I were driving home one morning last week when we realized we wanted breakfast. We didn't want a chain or stop at a rest stop on the NYS Thurway. So we Yelped and found Breakfast at Tiffany's- a local place, with local flavor and fabulous food! Companion ordered a delicious omelet with cheese and whole wheat toast (thick cut)! Very tasty!  I had crispy hash with 2 eggs over easy and crispy hash browns!  The best I have ever had! The rye toast was also delicious! This place is a secret in the central NY area! Prices are extremely reasonable and it's worth getting off the highway to find it! Give it a try!
Alright, i drove this place for years and never stopped in.  Now thanks to yelp i decided so many stars, i had to try it.   Its some great simple diner food, and yes you can get eggs benedict for lunch.  That's a win right there.  They have lunch specials everyday, and with several meals under my belt, they have all hit the spot.   And you really can't beat the price these days.   However bring cash, as they do not take credit/checks.
I was staying in the area for my son to visit colleges and while he was doing interviews the wife and I found this place to have a bite on a Tuesday morning.  A blast from the past, I would best describe this as a diner.  The service was good, the atmosphere small town, and the décor - something that you would picture if a 12 year old loved the movie and decorated the place back in the day. So get over that, after a while you say - wow this does work.  We did not go grand on the ordering - two eggs over, bacon, rye and coffee - wife got scrambled, wheat and tea - all just fine.  Quick and easy for under $10 - yup for both. There is not a lot to pick from in the area and I would say I really like the place for what it was - an inexpensive diner with the basics. BTW: Cash only!
There really is no other place around to get this good breakfast all night. Not to mention there prices are very reasonable. One thing to keep in mind is they except cash only. 2 eggs bacon home fries and greens  thats were its at.
Straightforward diner food. Generous portions and low prices. Cash only.
So I came here all through highschool, when back from college and usually other times when I came home to visit. It's always open it seems (might close at like 6am and open at 9am)  but their breakfast is pretty good as well. I mean usually when you just had a night out you want some breakfast food with some hashbrowns, sausage or eggs and bacon. Oh you can have that here. You can also get waffles, pancakes and basically any breakfast food that you can think of. Think of it as a nicer Denny's that has more seating and more lively crowds come through it.
A stellar greasy spoon where the HamTech students mingle with the locals. I've only been here once despite four years as a student at Hamilton, but the solitary experience was enough for me to realize why this place is such an institution. Very down-to-earth vibe with a solid menu and basement prices. Food was just what I expected and everything I hoped. Cash only doesn't bother me that much since I love making it rain.
I was travelling for work and was looking for an inexpensive breakfast place on a Sunday Morning, and found Breakfast at Tiffany's on Yelp.  The place was packed, but found a small table for the 3 of us right away.  The staff is very nice and the food was great. Good portions, great price....cash only.  I will definitely come back for breakfast again when I'm in the area
A great diner, a local institution, always busy and remarkably consistent. Breakfast or lunch the food is equally good. I sometimes over-eat, because i have a hard time deciding between favorites. I recommend the sweet potato fries, crispy and yummy. Amazing service. Kim works the room like nobody's business, keeping things moving, glasses filled, but never seeming rushed.  Breakfast at Tiffany's is about as good as a greasy greasy spoon gets.
This is our new favorite breakfast spot. Great coffee, food is always perfect as is the service. Steak, eggs and greens! How could you not love this place? There is always room. We have never had to wait. We will be there tomorrow!
