The Distillery will do in a pinch. This particular location is fairly wide open inside! Plenty of TVs to watch the sports venues and they always have a special on drinks which isn't a bad thing at all! As for the food it's your standard pub fair. However they do have a special ' s menu and periodically throw some new items on the menu. The pretzel burger I had was ok. I wish I was bigger in fact and had more french fries to go along with it! I'll stop back in when I'm in the general area and grab a beer and I'll try something else!
I have been here a few times but most recently cane with a friend to catch up since it had been a while since we have seen each other. We went for lunch on a Sunday which was nice because the place was dead. We felt like we could take our time and relax and not worry about the waitress needing the table for  the next set of diners and it was quiet. Our waitress was great. She was attentive to our needs. The food is always pretty good. I am never unsatisfied leaving there. This time I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was pretty good. I also like their chips but they could use some seasoning. This is certainly a great place to come watch a game as there are TV's everywhere. Overall, This is a great place to come once in a while especially for games but I don't crave to ever come here.
Went here with a large group on Saturday night. Had not previously visited this location and quite frankly didn't realize that the Distillery even had a location on Winton. I'm not a huge fan of the Distillery and never really have been. However, as a group we came to the consensus that this would be a good option. Some members of our party were disappointed to learn that the Greece location would be a 45 minute wait for seating on a Saturday night so, we were pleased to learn that there was not a wait to be seated at this location. I am generally bothered by a lack of vegetarian options offered here. Furthermore, I feel like the quality of food could be turned up notch. One positive is the prices. Everything is cheap. Second positive were decent drinks. My hubs got a philly and I got cheese quesadillas. Everything was edible, but not something that we would go out of the way for again. Server was very kind and attentive. Overall experience was fine, but I am not in a rush to return.
Normally I am a fan of the distillery having spent quite a bit of time at the Mount Hope location. Apparently all locations do not treat their customers the same. We went to the distillery Henrietta location on Saturday night with out of town company. What a nightmare!! We were told the wait would be 15 minutes- seemed reasonable. After 20 minutes my 80 year old father went to check with the hostess. When he came back he said the hostess didn't even respond to him when he asked how much longer it would be. I waited another 20 minutes and then asked the hostess how much longer it would be. Her response was "15-20 minutes unless you want me to go ask someone to leave!" (I was a bit taken a back). A few minutes later the same hostess took us to our table. On the way she commented "maybe now we can all play nice".  I wasn't sure why she would comment rudely when we had not been rude. I also wasn't sure why we waited so long when there were 6-7 empty tables in our view that could have accommodated our party of 7. The waiter greeted us promptly and was friendly. We ordered basic foods off the menu. 4 of us ordered burgers. They only got I right. My father sent his back because it had mayo on it, which makes him sick. He had ordered a plain burger with only bacon and it came loaded with toppings. It took 20 minutes to get him a new burger. The other two burgers were just sent back as he cleared the table. The waiter didn't even ask if there was a problem (two plates mostly untouched). I felt I needed to mention the hostess issue to the waiter so others could get treated properly. This was quietly aside from our table of guests. He told me he could tell we weren't happy when we were seated. He offered to let me talk to the manager then but we were about to pay and leave so I declined (If he knew we were unhappy why  wouldn't he ask the manager to stop by- why wait til we are on our way out the door). As we left he told me the manager had spoken to the hostess...she was at the hostess stand when we left, so I have no idea. Either way, not a very pleasant experience and i won't be returning.
Low rating because they don't honor their coupons. Should have been $10 off but small print made it $8.99. $1.01 is worth customer satisfaction?!  Server didn't care and acted like a second string zombie. The distillery is not unique. Dozens of other area bars deserve your money. Customer satisfaction is zero!!
Went there for drinks and appetizers one afternoon. The good wasn't terrible but it wouldn't be my first choice to go. The boneless wings were hard and not completely sauced. The smothered fries with spicy ranch were a good choice, great to see smothered fries with real cheese and not that liquid junk. Lastly we had the firecracker shrimp which were a god choice as well. Watch out though, when they came out from the kitchen they were almost a million degrees--take my advice and cut them open and let them cool off. Drinks were good not a terrible meal, but not my first choice to go. Overpriced for their portion sizes.
Will never come here again. Showed the waitress a coupon offer I had BEFORE ordering and she said she would take care of it at the end. After we were done eating and it was time to pay, she said that her manager told her I couldn't use the coupon because I had gotten a 2 for 1 margarita. That's the most OUTRAGEOUS rule I have ever heard for one. For two, I deliberately showed the coupon before to avoid the embarrassment of them making up some rule. The waitress was awful and the food wasn't worth it. I will never ever spend money at a distillery again.
The ambience when we walked in made this one of the coolest places I've been to. Unfortunately the food did not live up to expectations.  Chicken fajitas are actually more like a burrito, rolled up when their brought out & very dry. Husband had fish tacos which were good, however when he was asking about the beers on the Monthly Special for $3.50 the waitress suggested a pumpkins flavored beer. Which he enjoyed until we saw that it was $7!
I was very reluctant to go to the Distillery last night because we had been thoroughly disrespected twice by two hostesses at Mt Hope location ignoring us while we waited over an hour for a table with our black pager clearly visible to them.  The second at Winton Rd with a very rude waitress, she practically threw a dish of butter at my husband when he asked for it for the roll that came with his dinner.   After these experiences years ago we never returned until last night.  We were greeted promptly by a very nice hostess who quickly showed us to a booth.  Our server Greg was FLAWLESS.  Attentive, funny and genuinely cared about our visit.  My chicken sandwich was yummy and my husband said his fish fry was really great.  Way to redeem yourself Distillery.  Cannot wait to return.
This is my perferred Distillery Location.  I really enjoy the patio with the fire pit at night.  It's a welcoming spot with a glass of wine and a bit of chill in the air.   The last time I was here I got a house salad and the hummus appetizer.  It was all very filling and quite satisfying.  I like coming here because I can always find something vegetarian friendly to eat.   The rest of my family love the burgers... they order them or the chicken wings when they come.  I have to say the chicken wings smell wonderful!   The 2 for 1 margaritas aren't so bad either.... What brings this bar down to a 3 Star is the service.  It is unpredictable and often times the young college age servers have more important things to do and forget to check back.   This really bothers me - when i spend money at a restaurant I don't enjoy waiting and waiting... I think they would get a 4 Star if they could improve on that.... But the menu and patio keep bringing me back...  and hoping the servers are more attentive each time.  Maybe next time they will be?
This is pretty ok bar food for the price. Basic stuff. Pretty good salads. I was incredibly disappointed in their boneless wings though... they were minuscule little over processed chicken turds. I go here with work friends occasionally, or if I have a coupon, but I'd honestly rather go to Applebee's.
Stopped in here for a snack and some time with friends on a recent trip. Wait service was just okay, the place was fairly busy.  Food was okay, but nothing special.   It's almost like a glorified Applebee's, which is to say, again,nothing special.
I went there again after a couple of years. I usually go to distillery at mt. Hope. This time I went there with my coworkers for lunch because it was close to my workplace. I ordered grilled salmon flatbread. It was ok. I love salmon, but it was kinda over grilled so there was more grilled flavor than fish flavor. I didn't taste too much fish besides the texture. I had sweet potato for side. It was super.
This place is so generic!! The lowest form of bar food save yourself a belly-ache and just go to Applebees or any where else for that matter. The boneless wings are what got me, ewww!
I only frequent this establishment for 1/2 off appetizers, with that being said my expectations aren't very high for it.. So I'm never disappointed lol
I'm new to the area and have heard from many people about The Distillery. My first visit is a little fuzzy - we ended up there after a night of drinking, and continued to drink there.  From what I can remember, it was a fairly average bar space.  We ordered some french fries, and after waiting for 20 minutes, we asked the bartender what was up.  She apologized; she forgot to put the order in.  It happens!  She told us she'd take care of us with a "huge" amount of fries.  If what we got is huge, then ordering a side of fries isn't worth it. The second time I experienced the Distillery, hubz and I wanted dinner after (another) night of drinking.  We ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and I specifically requested fries as my side (instead of the alternatives).  When hubz arrived home...no fries.  And the sandwich was fairly boring and tasteless Apparently the Distillery never wants me to eat fries.
Stopped in here while in the area for a hockey tournament.  This place had a great laid back environment, lots of big screens with games on. I ended up getting the hot pastrami sandwich, it could have used a little more pastrami, but it tasted great. The fries were a little greasy though. The place was packed but I didn't have any problems parking.
As a person who lived in Rochester for more than 10 years, I visited Distillery quite often. As a college student, I used to drink every Friday and Saturday evening with my friends, and many of those times, the place was Distillery (in Mt Hope). After graduation, I moved to Brighton, and the Distillery at Winton was less than a 10 minutes drive from my place. Again, I used to go to this place at least twice a month with my friends and/or co-workers. Then about three years ago, my friends and I were dining again and having a few beers. We are not a rowdy type; we were just chatting, and my friend happened to tip the cup over by mistake, and cup broke. We called the waitress, and my friends and I apologized for breaking the glass. And the answer from her: "Oh you should be." Really? As she left with the broken cup, I asked my friend if I heard that right. When she came over to give us a new cup, I asked her if she's okay, because she seems really upset. Then she started explaning "Oh no, it's just that if you guys get hurt with the broken glass...yada yada yada" Maybe she thought I didn't speak English too well. Maybe she was just having a shitty day. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, because Distillery was my favorite spot, and most of the servers are very nice most of the time. I went home and wrote an email through its website, but I did not get any answer back from them. In the email, I specifically wrote that I am not asking anything in return; all I needed was a sincere apology for a customer who had visited its restaurant for more than five years. No replies whatsoever. I can live without their foods, and I can live without ever visiting Distillery. That's fine with me. What makes me write this review after three years is the disappointment and anger that the restaurant I loved did not even care to write a short note back to its customer. And this review is to also let people know that there are other options like Rohrbach and Tully's that they can give a try. It's your money. Please spend it to somebody or some place that at least listens to you when you reach out.
We went to have dinner. Oh boy was it bad. If I could leave no stars I would have. Nothing was fresh. It was as processed as McDonald's, but twice the money. The beer was flat and the glass was not rinsed out enough. Tasted like soap. Not good at all!!! Will NEVER EAT There EVER again!!!!!!!
Yikes! I hope I don't get sick... With so much great food that Rochester has to offer, I was hoping for a better experience then the one we just had at the Distillery.  We started with drinks- a Scotch Ale which left little to be desired and a coffee (not a large beer selection like Tap and Mallet or McGregor's) besides for the soapy glass, - the beer tasted flat. We ordered a "pretzel roll" for our app. We got a sandwich bun... cut for a burger or something to go in between it- and the "cheese" that came with it..... Not really even sure what that was? Cheese? I don't think so. In any event, the entrées that followed were equally unimpressive. Wouldn't recommend- not even to my worst enemy!
I like the location, service and beer selection.  However the most important aspect- the wings- are just average.  I am not sure why but the Mt. Hope location has much better wings and lives up to the Distillery reputation.  This location does not and I feel it may be a matter of not "saucing" the wings adequately. That was my latest experience at least.  Overall I do enjoy going here for beer and watching TV.  Its a great place to go with a large group as there is a decent amount of space.
While visiting an area vendor, we ended up at the Distillery.  Lucky for us, they take reservations such that we had no wait for our party of 8.  The place was pretty busy at noon on a Thursday. We walked past the stainless steel bar with TV's completely surrounding the area above it.  I imagine this would be a pretty good place to watch the game, whatever game that is. The menu is an extensive mix of sandwiches, burgers, salads, and sports bar type appetizers.  I opted for the buffalo chicken salad, impressed that you can make healthy by getting grilled chicken instead.  When the salad arrived, the chicken looked quite naked, but it had plenty of buffalo flavor.  The greens were a nice mix - not the standard bagged iceberg with carrots and purple cabbage mixed in.  The salad could've used more toppings, but I would still order it again. The rest of the group got sandwiches and burgers, many opting for sweet potato fries.  The server tried to tempt us with beer specials, but it was a work lunch, and I'm not in the advertising business in the 60s.
I know the Distillery is a staple in Rochester, but I've been here twice and I'm not all that impressed.  The service the last time (Mt Hope location) was slow, I got the same burger hoping it would taste different, but it didn't.  It had a very charred taste to it.   However, it does seem like an ok place to hang out.  Very bar/night life friendly.
This iteration (the one on Winton) is more or less an upper class Rochester sports bar. It's sports bar atmosphere, sports bar drinks, sports bar food, sports bar patrons.   But, compared to the never-ending stream of sports bar competition in Rochester, the Distillery is a few notches higher up the food chain.
Food (appetizers) and drinks = great! Service = Stupid!!!!
This place never fails to disappoint!  Order a sandwich with fries to go?  No fries when you get home!  Order a beer at the bar?  Half full of foam!  Too big, too dark, bad food, poor service.  Overall, a disappointment over and over again, which is a shame since I live so close.  The few good things about it: large beer selection, multitude of TVs for watching games, and good outdoor space in the summer, but these hardly make up for the rest of the shortcomings.
Went for happy hour, and everything went pretty well.  There was no parking though, which was kind of hassle. Just had some appetizers, nachos, and spinach & artichoke dip.  You should always serve that with fresh bread imo, but they go with chips.  It was okay, nothing stood out, but no complaints either.  Service was okay, but not exceptional.  It's a nice location though, and sitting outside on a nice night is enjoyable. Prices looked a tad high, but not too bad.
This is the place to be for late night college student. Wings are always good and there food selection is diverse enough to satisfied your late night cravings
I visit rochester frequently and my first stop from the airport is the distillery and I always order the wings! - i am also a fan of the fishfry on friday. I order their sauce online as well - its good to be prepared when making wings on your own
Nothing that a few less dollars on the menu wouldn't fix. The food at this restaurant is just average. The quality of the ingredients seems good enough, but when you pay $10.95 or more for a sandwich, you expect it to be something special. For $8.95, I'd expect a Steak in the Grass (or its poultry substitute) to be juicy and meaty. The sandwich was dry, mostly bread, and lacked flavor. They only had one Distillery beer on tap (Scottish ale), but at least that was a very good one, so it redeems the place slightly (along with the rest of their large draft selection). I wouldn't come here again to eat, but I would consider coming back to drink (and possibly having some food at the same time).
I give it a two star in terms of food. I come to rochester for work and my clients like to come here. I have been here 4 times and the best part was the Burger. The wings are mediocre. The Buffalo Chicken Sandwich was plain awful, Think a piece of tasteless chicken smothered with buffalo sauce. The stainless steel bar is cool. The service at the bar is "okay". Around 11PM the music is jacked up unnecessarily. At least the 8 dollar pitcher didn't break the bank...
We visited The Distillery during the PGA Championship.  The restaurant/bar was hopping with activity and positive energy, while all the big screen TVs were fairway green with wall-to-wall golf coverage of Tiger Woods.  My next impression was incredibly negative, however, due to the fact that management had obviously put the worst two employees on host/hostess duty.  Apparently, it takes two people to help a person on the phone.  Neither would look up at us... the two PAYING customers that had actually driven to the restaurant and were now standing in front of them, being totally ignored. After they both finally hung up the one receiver, I addressed these two verbally about their error, they then rolled their eyes at me... even better. I would've left then, but I was hungry, so we stayed (maybe I was just "hangry" ...I get that way). The food was average for the price payed. I guess we were helping pay for all those TVs??? We started with the fried green beans and some drinks.  The beans were battered goodness, and I particularly liked the Buffalo ranch dipping sauce.  I had a hard apple cider, and it was delicious.  For dinner I ordered the jalapeño cheeseburger with a side of sweet potato fries.  My burger was just OK for the price paid, not great, but not bad.  My partner ordered the macaroni and cheese.  He too felt it was a few dollars overpriced.  Our waitress (Linds K.) was phenomenal, I loved her!!!  She totally made up for the horrible host and hostess, and kept me from giving The Distillery only two stars.
I was recently in Rochester on a business trip and a large group of us went to dinner here.  One of the guys ordered up 50 wings which were really good.  Personally, I would have gone with a hotter sauce, but the medium was good and tasty.  I had the seared Ahi tuna which was sizable and quite good, even this far from an ocean!  Good atmosphere with a ton of HD sets.  Had too much soccer on for my taste, but in May when we are still four months removed from college football, sports on tv is slim pickings.  If I wind up having to go back to Rochester, I think I will be more than willing to go back.
Food ok, service weak!  Bartenders too busy chatting with friends to serve you a beer. Only reason for 2 stars is Hoegaarden on tap. Yum.
They added a gluten-free menu which is great for my 8 year old! And there is generally a diverse menu for kids
i like this place, and have been here a couple times now. i was visiting rochester and our hotel was across the street, so this place was easy to get to. i like it quite a bit, and plan on going back soon again. pretty good beer selection, the buffalo chicken strips were awesome, but the philly cheesesteak was a little weak in the meat department. but, its close to the hotel, and seems to have a pretty massive menu. ill update the review when i try some more of their food.
This used to be one of the better Rochester places to get wings, but they changed their recipe and it really went down the tubes.  The formerly authentic, crispy, hot wings were transformed into a battered, gooey, oversweetened mess.  Any upstate NY place should know better -- although admittedly many don't.  The rest of the menu is meh.  Last time I went the service was fairly negligent, though this is not always the case.
Last night I stopped by with 4 friends. Beers were cold, food was average. The Reuben was great, the fish tacos were good, the bacon / guacamole burger was awesome, but the fish fries were not very good.  Small and overcooked.  We asked for no onions on the burger, and there were tons. The nachos appetizer were supposed to be chicken, but were beef chili.
The Distillery on Winton is always a let down, I do not drink like I use to so if I go it usually when my best friend comes to town.  We normally order huge portions and a lot of drinks.  I buy non alcoholic beer.  They always pick this place because it is central to where I live and his parents live.  The food is the same food you will find at applebee's .  What really prompts me to write a review is the prices, even after 10 the entrees are still full shot so you still end up spending quite a bit.  If you really want to eat somewhere just go to applebee's you might even save a little cash to do something else.
GREAT burgers & fresh broccoli (instead of fries)!  LOVE the Philly Burger!
The Distillery on Winton is always a let down, I do not drink like I use to so if I go it usually when my best friend comes to town.  We normally order huge portions and a lot of drinks.  I buy non alcoholic beer.  They always pick this place because it is central to where I live and his parents live.  The food is the same food you will find at applebee's .  What really prompts me to write a review is the prices, even after 10 the entrees are still full shot so you still end up spending quite a bit.  If you really want to eat somewhere just go to applebee's you might even save a little cash to do something else.
Really good food. I went there with my dorm hall for dinner. They were very accommodating; we had 30+ separate tabs and they seemed very happy to comply. I had the bacon n chicken club (I think..), and they had really good sweet potato fries. Service was a little slow but very acceptable for 30 orders. we were in and our in a little over an hour and fifteen minutes. I think the time will be less for smaller parties.
The food is typical bar food, although the menu is quite extensive.  Large beer selection.  Pros are the numerous TVs, the large booths downstairs, and the quieter seating upstairs.  Cons are big, cold windows and the occasional long wait.
We have been to the Mt Hope location a few times and didn't care for it, so we were hesitant to try the new location in Henrietta. If you've been to the Mt Hope location and didn't like it, give the Henrietta location a try because it is COMPLETELY different. They have a huge bar and plenty of seats in the back for lunch and dinner. There's a huge menu and we've tried several items on it. Our favorites are the boneless and bone-in buffalo wings. They also have excellent wraps. Be sure to ask your server what the wrap flavor is, because the manager picks one that day and that's the only flavor they use until they run out. We didn't care for the ribs, but we liked just about everything else we've tried on the menu. We are disappointed that they got rid of the bbq chicken wrap because it wasn't a good seller in the other locations. In the summer, it's nice to sit outside, at least until the bugs come out at night. I highly recommend The Distillery Henrietta location. We gave the Greece location a try last night for the first time, and it was good, but we preferred the Henrietta location. The Greece location seems more like a family friendly 'restaurant' and the Henrietta one is more like a bar with a restaurant. Not that the Henrietta location isn't family friendly, but we saw a lot more kids at the Greece location. No need to go back to the Mt Hope location again.
The wings used to be half price for happy hour but not no more. I still get them though, I like the buffalo-garlic wings their pretty good. Theres TV's everywhere.
had the garlic cajun chicken wing... yum!
Great chicken wings and food, good bar environs.  Right near my parents house, so I always stop by when I am in town.
I have been to the Distillery for years and for me it was never a really good meal.  The food is just OK.  Everyone is there for the TV's and if you are in your late 30's to early 50's.....its kind of a place for singles.  If you are looking for wings or a good beer...there are places right down the road that are far better.
