I was visiting a friend of mine in Far Rockaway when, around the corner, I spotted this Muy Thai Kick Boxing gym, called "CROM."  I took a peek inside and saw a bunch of lean, guys and girls working out in a style similar to those MMA matches I've seen on TV.  The guys were good and looked pretty experienced and the girls were cute, but also appeared to have some shit-kicking possibilities.  Being the competitive-natured man that I am, I took a card and came back the following week to take a beginner's class.   Everyone participating was super cool and interesting, as well as supportive to people like me who'd never taken a high-knee to someone's mid-section before.   (Which, by the way, was really good for the obliques and my abs were on fire in about 3 minutes.) Most of the time you're doing solitary activities in a group setting (sit-ups, push-ups, jumprope, etc..), but for some of the class the instructor pairs you up with a fighting partner for some sparring style exercises.  For most people, beating up a stranger could be a LITTLE uncomfortable, but after abour 20 seconds it feels natural.  These people have a way of diffusing any awkward feelings and bringing the professionalism of what yer doing to light.  Plus, the people who come here are pretty serious about martial arts and fitness, so it's not like you'll ever be paired up with a D-Bag.   It turns out the owner and full-time trainer/instructor at CROM is the North American Muy Thai champion, Chris Romulo.  Pretty cool.  He taught my first class and was super positive.  Before heading over there I had no idea what Muy Thai was, and although I still have lots to learn, at least now I know it's less about the delicious drink and more about  speed, power, and stamina.  This is a gym for people who like to learn new things while developing muscles in that part of the body known as "The Entire Body."  Great for beginners and especially for people who are a bit further along in their fitness regiment. if yer motivated and like to sweat, get on the A Train! ~Dave "Herremannen" Heilman
Even if you just want to get in shape, you have the benefit of building a great foundation of real skills from an experienced and talented fighter.  This is a great little gym offering Thai boxing, boxing and Jiu Jitsu from experienced teachers that have a real passion for what they do.   So much more satisfying than a traditional gym, most people fall in love with this sport right away, I know I did!
I currently take the ladies boxing classes- and they have since added 3 classes (one intermediate) to the weekly schedule..The other classes are muay thai classes that I have yet to try- maybe soon! Sarah and Chris (the owners/instructors) are warm, motivational and encouraging! This is a great addition to Rockaway and I am learning a lot while burning calories in a fun, fast-paced class! I give 5 stars for the location, the people and the general feeling or well being in the Crom MT gym. Everyone is helpful, even the students. I am  v. happy they set up shop here!
Great energy here!! Chris, Sarah, and all the trainers are very encouraging and supportive. The CrossFit work outs are not easy (they aren't supposed to be) but they're always there to cheer you on, give good advice, or provide a modification if necessary.  Overall, this is an awesome gym. I haven't tried the martial arts yet, but they seem to be building some rocking athletes!! Go Team Crom!
I decided to purchase the gloves.  I liked it much better than the communal gloves!  Can't wait for the next class!
This place has changed my life in so many ways. I started training with the team at CMT over a year ago at almost 230 pounds and couldn't walk up the stairs without almost catching an asthma attack.. I now walk around at 162-165 pounds of lean muscle. Chris the owner has a saying, you don't have to be a fighter to train like one. When I walked in the door I was by NO means a fighter. With the quality of skill training you get while getting in shape I was able to compete and win for CMT...So if you want to lose weight this is the place for you. If you are a fighter this is the place for you.. If you think you want to fight this is the place for you....young or old this place can make you into a lean TECHNICAL scrapper ;)
If you are looking for a total body workout and want to learn how to defend your self at the same time I highly recommend CROM martial training in Rockaway Queens. They have an excellent boxing/Muay Thai Kickboxing program for kids and adults. The instructors are great and the prices are very reasonable.
Just recently started Crossfit training at Crom Martial Arts with hopes of transitioning to Mui  Thai after I get back in some condition. Great experience and an awesome workout. Looking forward to working with Chris and Sarah to get into "fighting" shape.
Rockaway is its own little corner of New York; not really too far but often overlooked.  The beach and boardwalk are there, some great restaurants, and what seems to be a fitness revolution going on.  They just had a St. Patrick's Day 5K with local businesses participating, there're a few standard gyms and what looks like a great hot yoga studio.  All set against the surf.  If you let it, the whole neighborhood will let you feel like getting healthy. At the center of it all is Chris Romulo's new, clean martial arts facility.  Though the space and the equipment are brand new, it's impossible to escape the gym's old school feel.  Even as you approach you can hear the sounds of the pads, the music, and the timer.  The fogged-up windows foretell what's waiting inside. Six days of varied classes -- muay thai, boxing, and strength and conditioning, all taught by Chris or Sarah.  The kids' classes are affordable and everyone is included -- no one is stuck in a corner.  They learn discipline and respect not because it is drilled into their heads, but because they're learning from someone who is passionate about what he's teaching them.  There is a major difference between being forced to respect a person because "mom dropped me off here" and learning to respect a sport/art because of how much it has done for so many people.  Crom Martial training has it right. The adults are the proof.  I suspect there will be a bunch more glowing reviews, but until that time I can tell you that over the years we've all seen Chris as teacher, fighter, and friend.  People have lost weight, gained strength, even worked through nagging injuries.  Some just wanted to be able to say they trained in muay thai, others in boxing or MMA, others want to get in the ring.  They all had to earn it.  Personally I am getting more into strength and conditioning lately and Chris is always learning more and teaching more.  This gym has olympic rings, kettlebells, even a large drum partly filled with water (my favorite -- hoist THAT over your head and keep it there, and every second is like 50 crunches). Now with Sarah, an experienced boxer teaches the women's classes and has a devoted following.  Everyone is welcome in her classes and there is no barrier to entry.  The gym's entire vibe is welcoming, and it's no surprise that absolute beginners continue to come back. I recommend you try it out on a weekend.  Take a class, hang around and talk to others, jump in the surf afterwards, go for a run if you still can.  It's a chance to be a part of something new and exciting.  Something hundreds of years old!
the training and atmosphere in the gym is just great because the teachers and students respect each other regardless if you've been training for a while or just starting. i have only been training since december but i have enjoyed every single training session i have had. chris and sarah are very nice people and some of the best trainers me and my wife have had in the martial arts world.
Extremely knowledgeable in Muay Thai, Chris Romulo is a gifted and passionate trainer. He is also an amazing and inspiring fighter.  Chris is patient and motivating and his classes are always full of positive energy.  His teaching style is that which anyone can learn from. The gym offers a range of different classes, from beginner to advanced,  so there is something for everyone.  Whether you are looking to change up your exercise routine, tone up, lose weight, or perhaps you would like step into the ring one day, Chris and Sarah can gear you towards reaching your specific goal.  I recently took their strength and conditioning class and it was crazy! I plan to take it every Tue :)
I love this place. I've trained at a bunch of different gyms in the city and Queens. Even though I am a part of a different stable, I try to stop by Crom Martial Training every chance I get! Chris is an amazing fighter/trainer: all you need to do is google his fights or see his students compete to know that. Even if you're not competition oriented, the classes are great to get in shape. Aside from that, the way that Chris and Sarah run the establishment is second to none. It's hard to describe, but CMT just has that... family feel. They are super welcoming and friendly. These are two people who truly love the sports of boxing and muay thai and it shows in their training, teaching and all the involvement Chris undertakes as one of our best ambassadors for the sport. The facility is also brand new and super clean, which is always a plus! I can't recommend this place enough! Give it a shot. After all "All it takes is heart"!!!
