Awesome experience! Kevin was great took his time and did an amazing job on my tattoo! I wear it with so much pride and the compliments are endless. Thank you Kevin for giving me work to be proud of. Such a meaningful tattoo and the work allows it to show its true beauty! Place was nice & clean and everyone was super polite. I can't wait to go back for more!!
Great experience. I got full forearm lace tattoo done by Liana. I wanted a feminine, unique, detailed tattoo and that's exactly what I got. Liana is nice and worked with me on my tattoo idea. The shop is extremely clean and staff is very nice and welcoming.
I flew into NY from Minnesota for the main purpose of getting tattooed.  I was fortunate enough to have an appointment with previously scheduled with Marvin Silva... one of the finest artists and all around coolest people I have ever met. Marvin worked with me on my concept and came up with a design that far exceeded my expectations.  I sat for 2 consecutive days as he worked on my sleeve.  I couldn't be happier with my tattoo and my time at the shop. In addition to remarkable tattooing, the shop has a very cool atmosphere and the gallery space was filled with great pieces from various mediums. Shop manager Jeff was also playing some killer music so it was very comfortable during my sessions.   I was watching the other artists at work during my sessions and everyone in this shop is very skilled and brings their originality to the table.  I witnessed a lot of great work. If you are looking for a top shelf tattoo from some genuinely great people, look no further than Empire!
Awesome experience. Thanks to Kevin McNutt and Empire State Studio. Professional and attentive to detail.  Everyone was super cool and friendly.  The shop is clean and managed well. I can't say enough great things.  Pleased that I went here for my second sleeve.
A diamond in the rough of tattoo shops.  Its worth the trip to Oceanside from wherever you are coming from. Their artists all seem to specialize in different styles, but each extremely talented and hand picked by Tommy Helm the shop owner.  Been coming here to Marvin Silva for probably 3 years now (I know Im late with a review but Im new to yelp) and there isn't anything he can't do.  The shop is definitely getting immensely popular now, since Tommy Helm appeared on Ink Master, and happened placed 2nd overall! Super clean, fun, and inviting shop.  You do get what you pay for, and here is not cheap.   Anyways, check out Marvin Silva for the best bio-mech creations on the east coast, and scope out Kevin McNutt for classic tradional artwork.
Marvin!!!  Get this guy.  He is the best Bio Ink tat guy on the east coast.
Amazingly clean shop that sells its interior as more of a tattoo art gallery rather than your classic flash style shop. This place is clean, free of attitudes and hosts some very talented artists that are improving the image and quality of the tattoo industry.
By Far, the BEST tattoo shop on Long Island. Each Tattoo artist is incredibly talented. Everyone is super friendly and very helpful. The place is super clean and steril. They also have art shows featuring different artists and different themes for each show. I go to Michele and I have loved everything she has ever done on me and my friends who I had go to her. If there is a wait, it's def worth it. Something that will be on you forever you can't rush.
Awesome shop.  Great people and atmosphere.  Very friendly.  Great work.  I would recommend Empire Tattoo to anyone.  You pay for what you get, and this studio will give what you want in the highest quality.  Thanks Jared for the awesome tattoo which I have wanted for a very long time.  I will be going back here again for work in the future.  It is worth the wait for these artists to give you the custom design you want.
