As a Japanese american and picky sushi eater, this place is definitely the best place on Long island for sushi by far!!! Definitely recommend this joint to everybody! Great looking authentic looking Japanese restaurant with a great sushi bar! Haven't tried the hibachi but will have to next time. Great, attentive friendly staff, and the sushi chef was a-mazing!! We had the omakase sushi selection and everything was delectable. I've been to one of the best sushi bars in sukiji fish market (japan) and this place is definitely up to par with it.   You have to try this place if you enjoy sushi!!
The front was extremely beautiful. The inside was equally as beautiful. The whole decoration is fabulous! There is a private sushi bar, prive regular dine-in tables and many hibachi tables. My boyfriend, my mother and her boyfriend dined in with 4 other people tonight. Our hibachi chef was extremely adorable and although he missed his tricks sometimes, he was still smiling and happy. (Plus what a hard job it is to cook and entertain while smiling 24/7). Food was good i thought i was going to still be hungry but came out with a happy belly. The fatty tuna sushi is also great! The only bad things are, kind of a long wait to get started - took almost 45 minutes and the front part w/ the garden is kind of dead. It feels like its not even open until you walk through the door. Very different atmosphere inside, but it was still great. Coming back for the private sushi bar!!!
On all of Long Island, Inatome is my FAVORITE hibachi restaurant. Whenever I am there, they NEVER mess up my order. My only complaint is that they give you WAY too much food! I always take my left overs home with me. I like how the cook goes over what you ordered before he cooks it, that way you are assured that he has your correct meal. The fried rice is the best part of the dinner. I always get the burn rice at the bottom, which to me tastes the best! I like to dip it in the teriyaki sauce. Inatome is a little pricey, but you are paying for the entertainment as well. I have started sharing my meal with whoever I go with, and ordering extra vegetables.
When someone tells me they love Hibachi at Benihana, I cringe. That's like saying you love burgers from McDonalds. Yeah, it might be good...but is it fresh and authentic? Nope. Inatome has been a local favorite for years. Despite closing down for a while due to a fire, their fanbase did not diminish. Even on re-opening weekend, they were booked solid. They did a great job rebuilding the place. It's very modern. I don't do hibachi often, but when I do, it's usually at Inatome. They have great hibachi combinations that include soup/salad, shrimp appetizers, desired meats and vegetables, and sometimes even dessert. The prices range based on what type of protein you choose, but on average I'd say it's about $30. My only qualm about Inatome is that they do not put on a show while cooking. They are all about the food.
Their hibachi is great and the chefs have great personalities. But I sadly can't bring myself to give them more than three stars because I had the worse sushi experience ever. I asked them to make the salmon avocado roll spicy and not only did they charge me extra but they used a nasty hot sauce instead of using spicy mayo. The fish smelled old too. I've been eating sushi for 15 years. I know bad sushi when I see some. I sent it back, I couldn't bring myself to eat it.
Great hidden gem in Valley Stream! The food is very good and the owners are soo nice! Be sure to call ahead for a reservation.
I was happy with this place. Came here on a Friday night at about 8:00 and was starving, so I was glad when they brought us right to a table. The interior at the entrance is really spectacular. It's got a great lounge-y feel to it and it seems like a more upscale restaurant that is well cared for, complete with leather couches and a chic sushi bar. I had heard that there was a fire in the restaurant a few years ago so it looks like they did a really great job refurnishing the place...at least the front half. The back half, where you eat, could use a pick-me-up. The wall murals are peeling and the hardware in the ceiling is visible. Perhaps they haven't finished redecorating. The service was great. Everyone took very good care of us and even though our hibachi table was not full, we got served pretty quickly and our chef was very entertaining! When I wanted to change my order from chicken to steak (a wise choice - it was delicious!) there was no problem. My drinks were refilled quickly and everyone's needs were met without waiting. Overall, a nice experience. The atmosphere is very cool and the hibachi process is great. Very filling and frequent small portions of things. I left feeling very full but not uncomfortable. I recommend this place for a nice hibachi dinner.
Had the filet and lobster. The meal was very well cooked, and the quality of meat was very high. The salad was just ok, and the show was minimal, but the food and atmosphere were very good.
My first visit since the remodel. ... While I'm truly not a fan of "the show", the food was prepared quite well. My scallops were caramelized yet tender and the table was very very clean (sometimes in Hibachi restaurants, it gets messy). I enjoyed it...and my buddy Seth LOVES this place.
Food is great atmosphere is excellent service is great As well the owner kenji is always there to great you with a smile on his face one of best habachi place I have ever eaten at blows all the big named one's out of the water
Kinda out of the way in a back road, so you have to know that this place is here. But I like that. Ive Been here twice before the fire and just found out that the had to reopen for business after 2010. Their staff is completely diff now. I like the atmosphere. It's comfortable and casual and the friendly staff is a bonus. We chatted up a storm with the bartender while having our drinks and spicy tuna roll- nothing extraordinary.   We got the whole hibachi grill to ourselves. Very little people thanks to the bad weather.  We had the steak and shrimp hibachi dinner which comes with soup, salad with ginger dressing and shrimp appetizer. I have to admit the food was not memorable. I remember it being better, but I was also younger and had less expectations. But it's really healthy food. Very little oil used and not a lot of spices. The portions are plenty. The chef was very nice and the atmosphere was great. Total cost of dinner with fried ice cream and hot saki was little over $100. Not too bad.
Sushi is my favorite food. Inatome serve a great sushi. . . The best in Long Island. Gotta have a sushi at least once a week!  I'm going to try a teppan-yaki some time soon.
High priced and no "show" went there for my daughters graduation celebration and I was not impressed. The chef cooked the food and that was it, no volcano onion, no catching food in his chef hat etc. for what I paid for dinner I expect more of a show. Think I'll be going back to Osaka in lynbrook next time.
The best Habachi Bar on Long Island guaranteed. I go and get the Take tasting menu. Beginning to end everything is perfect, the cold marinated chicken wings are one of kind. The chef was definitely drunk when he came up with that recipe. The ginger dressing on the salad is the best around, not a sweet thick paste you get in most places. Fried rice has barely anything in it but manages to be very flavorful. If your expecting a show and a bunch of horny 40 yr old singles at the bar, go to Kashi in RVC. Quick tip- Some of the chefs think medium rare means raw, so tell them medium and your steak will come out perfect
Came here for a friend's birthday. From the beautiful combed rocks outside to the lounge like feel of the waiting area the decor was great. I had a lychee martini that was so yummy that I had to order another. We all ordered from the Hibachi menu. The onion soup was great, the ginger salad was awesome, and the rice was good. I had the sea scallops which were absolutely amaze-balls. Everyone else was pleased with their meals too (steak, steak and chicken, sushi). Our chef wasn't very fun or interactive, but the food was good. All in a good experience.
I've been coming to this place since I was seven years old as I grew up in this neighborhood.  That being said, I do have a nostalgic sentiment for it but won't let it sway my critique.   Yes, they did redo the place, and ironically I was there the night before it burned down (No, I had nothing to do with it!=).  It is very nice, they have all new equipment, it is very open, very clean, and the food is still excellent.  I enjoy not having that huge hood and vacuum over your head that sucks all the heat right past your head and makes you feel as if you have had an entire bottle of saki when your still on your first drink!  They have table fans that pull the hot air into them so the air never really makes it past you, the tables give a very welcoming look as well.   Ok enough with the jokes, the food is very good, the atmosphere is also friendly and there is tons of parking (as long as you go after 5PM.  I even enjoyed my sushi appetizer.  I usually shy away from sushi in places like this just from past experience and before the renovation had tried the sushi here and was not impressed, after the renovation they really picked it up a notch in the sushi department.   Regarding the "Show"...don't get too excited:  The chef's are scared to death from lawsuits as I can only imagine so don't put on the shows like they used too but they are nice, have fun with you and the table, and will actually listen when you ask them not to drown your rice with soy sauce.   I would definitely recommend this place over any others in the area.
What can I say, I love this place!!! Great food!!! Great cooks!!! Great great service!!! The only downside was the waiting to be seated,  we had reservations but it took us 30 mins to get seated and another 30 mins to get served. However, when we finally got served the food and the service was excellent. I will be returning to Inatome and trust me I will spread the word to my friends and facebook. Trust me when I say the food is worth the wait and the sushi is excellent!!!!
THEY'RE BACK!!  This is my FAVORITE Hibachi restaurant probably in the whole country. I was devastated when it burned down a couple of years ago but they're back and better than ever.  As expected, every night they are MOBBED so call ahead (maybe several DAYS ahead) for a reservation. They're still getting their act together with new staff and new equipment, but the place looks WONDERFUL inside.  The food was every bit as good as I remembered (though the onion soup was a LITTLE weak on flavor... our ONLY complaint). The salad with the home made ginger dressing was as good as we remembered (and we all bought a bottle to take back home with us). I had the filet mignon/lobster tail dinner, and it was cooked to perfection. Inatome is not the showiest Hibachi place I've ever been to, our chef didn't really clown around like the ones at Sakura in Farmingdale... but the food was so good we didn't care. Will DEFINITELY be back, more than once. Hoping they stay open for a long long time!
I've been to several hibachi places Thai Show, Shogun, Ichiban and few others out of state.. this place is the best. I just heard from friends in the area that it burned down?! Hopefully they renovate ASAP!! Ok- Food = generous, huge portions. Always delicious. Staff: Sweet and fast. Soup- Broth w/ Scallions and mushrooms, it is so much better than miso. Inatome I will miss you.
Apparently some folks don't know good food and service because this place is way better then overpriced and and unfriendly Benihana.  They recently remodeled and I think it makes the place look more spacious and open rather then the dungeon look it had before. The service has improved and of course the food is still excellent.  The only complaint I would have; nothing to do with Inatome itself; is the type of individuals that dine there that don't seem to have any manners at all and shouldn't be going out to eat at all, especially at a nice spot like this place.
This was our first time at Inatome.  I was a little worried for my husband. He is a big meat and potatoes man and I thought perhaps there would not be enough food to satisfy him because we have had that happen at other hibachi restaurants.  Boy was I surprised !   We were seated right away and  the food just kept on coming and it was delicious!  Everything was cooked perfectly and we were very pleased!  We will definitely eat there again !!
My family has been coming here since I was a baby. I used to go all the time on a dinner date with my mom whenever we had nothing to do but then I moved to California. I make sure to stop here once or twice every time I visit my family in New York which is always at least twice a year. I love the hibachi and the ginger salad and cold wings are addicting!
i haven't been back here since the fire, and I regret waiting so long.  They managed to rebuild, and remodel with out losing any of the consistent quality they were known for.   Fresh decor &  new hibachi tables won't leave you needing a change of clothes afternoon a meal like the old restaurant.  The service was top notch.  I wish i had more time with the menu,  but i was completely satisfied with the meal.   Congrats &  Goodluck on the rebuild.
After watching a recent episode of the "Restaurant Hunter," my fiancé and I decided to try Inatome. It was disappointing. We opted to sit in the lounge area because I didn't want to sit at the Hibachi tables with a thousand screaming children. We ordered from their separate Hibachi menu where the food is served on a sizzling hot iron plate. I ordered Chef Hiroki's BBQ style skirt steak and my fiancé ordered the shrimp and Black Angus Steak. It came with the usual soup, salad and shrimp appetizer. The onion soup was really good. I particularly enjoyed the house salad. The ginger dressing was so good, I decided to purchase a pint to take home. The food went downhill from there. My skirt steak was awful. I chose for medium rare and it was well done. I was shocked it was inedible. I had to douse it with the ginger dipping sauce that came with the vegetables. It made the steak somewhat palatable. My fiance's steak was actually pretty tasty, hence the two stars. I ordered a martini from their special drink menu and it was the worst drink that I have ever tasted in my life. It was shocking. It was a rum, Midori sour, lychee and pineapple juice drink but it tasted like Gatorade and kool-aid mixed with a ton of sugar. I sent it back and ordered a Cabernet. I don't know. I'm done. We will not return.
Inatome used to be my hibachi restaurant.  It's in my hometown, it's certainly convenient, and it's become a landmark in Valley Stream.  But then came Benihana. Don't get me wrong, the food's good -- but it's not the same quality as Benihana. The basic concept is essentially the same and I can understand the logic in supporting local businesses over chain restaurants.  This place has hired my former peers and classmates, providing gainful employment to students of the town's high schools and that's great. Ultimately, it comes down to two things: quality and service.  Mrs. Inatome seems friendly enough, but she's pretty inflexible when it comes to substitutions and doesn't take reservations.  In the modern era, this is relatively unacceptable. If the weather's bad outside, and I don't want to order in food, I'll probably visit Inatome when I'm visiting family.  It's still a decent meal and it provides a strong enough experience that I'll go back for more.
This is a place I used to love when I was a child.  My folks took my wife and I a few years back and we were sorely disappointed.  We were in the mood for hibachi the other night and I decided to give Inatome one last shot, and I was glad that I did. There is now a big sign in the front of the restaurant, stating that it has been open since 1975, and it's somewhat of a time warp when you walk in.  The lighting is very dim, with low leather couches from the 1980's on the right and a long bar on the left.  The dining room is how I remembered it from the mid 1980's.  I usually don't comment on decor because I'm more into the food, but if decor is your thing, you will be sorely disappointed. As for the food, I ordered the Take (chicken, shrimp and steak) and my wife the Hibachi Shrimp complete dinner.  Both come with soup, salad, vegetables, shrimp appetizer, and fried rice.  Mine came with their marinated chicken appetizer and some tempura, while her's came with grilled tomato, broccoli and ice cream.  The food was fresh and everything was cooked quite well, even the steak, which was surprisingly tender.  Our fried rice was a little heavy on the soy, and contained no egg (although I don't believe they ever put egg in it here). My critiques were mainly with the show.  There were a few people at the table that ordered shrimp, so our cook brought out only about a dozen shrimp with the tails on it, so I didn't see much chopping there.  There was no onion volcano and no flipping of the shrimp tails (which I'm not unhappy about)  And the salt and pepper shaker show, was at the end of the meal, and seemed to serve no practical purpose.  Good times nonetheless. Overall, the service was very good.  The price tag at $30/person is a little on the high side for this quality of food, but you won't leave hungry.
Dine or Ditch? Dine, it's always a good time. The food is very good and the show is always fun. When the food is made right in front of me, I can't help but enjoy it. Prices aren't bad either. I would recommend going with friends or family and enjoying a fun night because you get dinner and a show all in one.
I  love it good food and service was excellent. Food fresh and people funny too. Enjoyable evening. I came when it snowed bad and they still opened for a few people.  I cant wait to go back Yum
No one here is talking about the sushi. The sushi chef is a iconoclastic culinary GENIUS. BEST SUSHI I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.  I am very very picky about sushi. VERY VERY PICKY. The sushi here is fresh, inventive,  JUST PERFECT. GETIT.
Went there 12 people on New Years. Our group had a great time. I thought the food was good and very reasonably priced. The  wait staff was very attentive. We were seated a little later than our reservation, but it was a holiday and they were slammed. I didn't hold it against them and we had a good time at the bar.
How can you not love a huge table that heats up to 250 degrees farenheit right in front of you?   Who doesn't love a chef that tosses and swings around a huge sharp cleaver?  What reason could possibly keep you away from shrimp and chicken and steak and salt and pepper shakers being thrown at you?  In addition to tasty food, Inatome offers entertainment.  Eating has never been so much fun.  The table is big and it's hard to hold a conversation, but who needs conversation when you have danger?
All the posts about this place are on target! I went for my birthday and was very satisfied. Sometimes I leave these types of resturants feeling hungry but not in this case. The food was fresh and delicious. There was a very small crowd the night I went so that was even better! This is a hidden jewel. Great place, great food!
My friend took me here when I was visiting.  Hibachi restaurants for some a pretty exotic, though if you've been to a Benihana, it's similar.  The service while I was there was acceptable, though the place was not at all that busy.  Food-wise I ordered directly off the menu, though I have been told substitutions are not an option.  Taste-wise it was exactly what I was expecting on a hibachi perspective.  Since I walked there from my friend's place, the locality was nice, though I am sure you could get a similar or more consistent performance at a chain like Arirang or Benihana.
The prices did go up after the re-opening. Go figure!
So happy this place is finally open, me and my husband had our anniversary dinner on sat and I had the black angus steak with shrimp. The steak was cooked perfectly med rare and tasted like butter best steak I ever had and the shrimp was perfect they also make awesome cocktails, we love this restaurant will recommend everyone to come here.
Inatome is back bigger and better than ever after an almost 2 year rebuilding process. I was blessed to be able to get a pre-opening reservation and went with a friend and family. The exterior is the same fish pond & rock garden... but once you enter the interior is totally redecorated. The bar has been moved to the right and shares space with a sushi bar. The ceilings are now vaulted.  The tables and grill are no longer shrouded by overhead fans. A fan unit runs along the ceiling of one of the walls and a grill level fan systems handly the rest. The air is remarably void of excess odors and the lack of the overhead fans definately improves the experience at the table. Anyone that has been to Inatome knows there is no show put on by the chef . Also be prepared to have a drink and socialize even with reservations you will probably have to wait even after being seated. Inatome is all about the food and socializing. Let's get to the food... nothing... did I say Nothing has changed taste wise. The sauces are exactly the same. Inatome has some of the best combination dinners. I believe the name of the one we order is the "Ume" it offers the widest variety. Onion Soup, Fried Marinated Chicken Wings, Salad with Inatome's Ginger Dressing The best Ginger Salad Dressing I have ever tasted, Tampura, Hachi Shrimp, Onions and Zhucini are the stock veggies along with Fried Rice, Chicken, Steak, Scallops & Sprouts 3 dipping sauces are provided Ginger,  Teriyaki and the worlds best Mustard Sauce. (you can purchase the Ginger Salad Dressing & Mustard Sauce by the pint) You can also upgrade the type of Steak and add extras portions of meats and other veggies all at a reasonable price. Lobster Dinners are also available. Finnaly you get a little bowl of Icecream or sherbet offered in aout 8 flavours. We did not venture into the Sushi but people at our table devoured the rolls they orders.... maybe next time. We upgraded the Steak to Fillet and added additional shrimp & Tampura to our dinners. With no alcoholic beverages our dinner for 4 came in at $160.00 without the tip. The cost without the uprades would have been about $100.00 excluding the tax & tip. If you are a foody Inatome is definately a worrthy destination.
We had a meal last night in Valley Stream (of all places) at the Sushi Bar of Inatome Steak House that gave Nobu a run for its money (except it was way less expensive) In the back, seated around large tables with cook-tops, everyone seemed to be eating steak.  Up front in the lounge/sushi bar it was all about the fish.  And what an amazing show it was.  The chef orchestrated a series of small plates.  Each plate was beautifully presented.  The Tuna, Sea Bass, Mackerel were sourced in Japan or Russia and they were amazing.  A Clam from Russia was new to me and elegant.  They threw in a tempura course for contrast.  We all ate too much and four sated Sushi buffs headed back to Penn Station on the 9:15.  That's the best part.  It's a short cab ride from the station.
Went for a casual anniversary dinner . It is kind of cool to sit at a communal table, sitting with strangers can be fun ! It was also cool to see the food cooked right in front of you . I had chicken and rice and the sushi was pretty good very fresh tasting hubby had shrimp and rice and it has a nice sake menu .
great place
very good, no complains. place went on fire a while ago...i guess that's why they don't do any entertainment with fire like other hibachi places.
I was extremely excited to see that Inatome finally reopened after the devastating fire a few years ago.  The new Inatome is beautiful.  A far cry from the prior dark, smelly, cramped restaurant where everything was coated with a thick layer of hibachi grease.  The new downdraft grills work very well and there is absolutely no grease odors (and we didn't reek of hibachi when we left!).  We were seated about 40 minutes past our reservation. The service was attentive and we got our drinks and appetizers fairly quickly.  The ginger dipping sauce is exactly as it used to be.  AMAZING.   Unfortunately things changed when our Hibachi chef approached the table.  Right away something seemed off.  Our chef was not Japanese.  He said he was from Quito, Ecuador.  He was nice enough but seemed new and very unsure of himself.  His timing was off and he overcooked quite a bit of the food.  The quality of the food was good but unfortunately the flavors were off.  It was disappointing that we spent quite a bit of money for a meal that was just mediocre due to a new and/or inexperienced chef.   It is great that Inatome decided to add a vegetarian option to the hibachi menu but most vegetarians (including my wife) are completely turned off when meat is mixed with the same cooking tools as their vegetables.  Perhaps a different set of tools or some sort of vegetarian friendly segregation on the grill would be helpful. Maybe it is just growing pains with a new restaurant and a new staff but I would hesitate going back.  It wasn't what it used to be.
I come here once month to enjoy scallops and some fried ice cream this place is fantastic, unfortunately you smell like food after but you can't win them all, great place for a date also its quiet and relaxing and close to home for drinking purposes
This was my first time here. The decor inside was nice and new.  The tables were a bit close together and the place is a bit noisy which makes it difficult to speak with people at opposite ends of the table. They cook on the tables and there are no hoods above the tables and as such not a lot of residual smoke in the air that can happen in these places high I like. The menu is varied enough to choose different things.  They also have sushi and a kids menu which is a plus. The table chef was good but not as fancy (acrobatics) as I've seen which is ok for me but not as much fun for he kids. So now the food: The soup was a bit odd and not super rich.  Perhaps it was low salt or something but it was bland.  The salad was fresh and the typical Japanese place dressing tasty. The chicken and steak I had were cooked in front of me and were cooked well and tasty.  The chef offered me a piece of beef to make sure it was to my liking.  Portion sizes were on par with the typical hibachi cook at your table place which are enough to eat but not such that you feel bloated afterwards. Also on par were the prices which are higher than a typical meal out but acceptable for a nicer/different experience. Did feel a bit rushed though but that's common with many restaurants nowadays.  Given that it wasn't busy I didn't quite get it. All in all...4 stars and I will go back at some point.
Great decor. Food was very tasty and staff very friendly. Portions are not big but never felt cheated. Will go back when I am in the mood for Japanese.
Basically a somewhat more authentic Benihana.  This is a real style of Japanese cooking - it's not made up for America, it's not fake.  So don't feel like you're cheesing out by going to a place like this... as long as it's a good one.  If you know Benihana, then you know the basic drill - sit at a counter around a large grill with 10 or 12 other people, with a chef that grills meat (or chicken or shrimp), rice and vegetables right in front of you.   Their rice is a bit salty, or maybe it was just the night we went and the chef we had - every chef is going to have his individual eccentricities.  Otherwise, the food - which is equivalent to Japanese barbecue - is very tasty.  The decor seemed a bit worn and tired when we were there, but that may just add to its authenticity for some.
This place is so yummy! it has the best filet mignon. Its a fun place too. It looks kindof scary but the food is so delicious. Not like most hibachis they dont do tricks. I think thats kindof nice. But we love to go there. awesome drinks too!
Simply put: the BEST hibachi ever!!! When are you reopening??? I have been without hibachi broccoli, burnt rice, and amazing ginger salad dressing for over a year now. I am in withdrawal!!! Their menu choices are delicious, fairly priced, and customers are given excellent portions for the $$. The chefs are very accommodating to dietary needs and the wait staff is prompt and friendly. I cant wait to see the new restaurant when they re-open. Mrs. Inatome is a wonderful woman and her son Keiji runs a great business for their family. The Inatome's hired almost all local people to rebuild their restaurant and that is just so nice to do -they put their community and customers first. Also, as a testament to the respect thier staff has for them, I believe that almost all of thier original staff will be returning to work at the restaurant when they reopen. I highly recommend this place for a delicious hibachi meal!!! (and I hear they are putting in a new sushi bar... which I am sure will be amazing...) :-)
