This place is awesome!!!! HAPPY HOUR WEEKDAYS TIL 7pm ALLBOOZE HALF OFF!!!!!!!!!!! I go all the way from queens to go to the hub!! Great deals! With an upstairs music hall with a huge bar and pool tables it's a great chill spot.
This place used to be a popular teenage hangout, but since last summer, the new owner has really turned around the clientel coming to visit this pool hall. When you walk in you instantly feel like you are in a nice warm environment, with wood floors, beautiful carpet, and even a small lounge area. There is a bar and food service, and the waitresses are top notch! Thebar is a new feature, there is a jukebox for music, but it's not always plugged in. They have a subscription for music on the cable subsciption, so you can't pick tracks, only suggest genres. But that will just save you money from the jukebox and let you do other things, like enjoy another drink, play some air hockey, and soon I've heard some classic pinball machines. The prices are very good, you'll spend the most money on food and drinks. They have some nights with drink specials, as well as holiday celebrations. This is a great place to hang out to catch a game on TV or to shoot some pool. Tip your servers, and say hi to Brad for me!
A friend of mine introduced to me to this place. I'm not a big pool player, not really good at it. This place is fun though. My friend usually pays so I have no idea how much it is, but the bartender is a total sweetheart. This is a nice low key spot to go play pool at with friends. The music isn't too loud, the drinks are not too expensive and the hospitality is great. Check it out.
Nicest pool hall I've ever been to. Brightly lit, low tables, friendly and attentive staff, and a nice mix of people. Coat hooks near your tables, and well priced.
The hub billiards club is a fun time for those of you who like to have a good time with friends playing pool or possibly playing a intense game of ping pong. There service is great and the staff are very kind. The only reason why I don't give them 5 stars is due to the lack of a variety of food and what they have isn't that appetizing or that good tasting. I've been going there since it was Mike's  and now it has a much nicer and cleaner look to it. It's definitely worth it to go and have a good time.
I had an event in their private space on the 2nd floor this past Sunday (11/24/2013) and I couldn't have been happier.  The food they provide was awesome.  Everyone thought it was great.  And they have been make improvements to the space and it makes it very cozy.   If you need a place to have an event, you should REALLY consider The Hub!
Pinball coming to the hub.They are getting metallica and star trek
I was wary of going here, thinking that it would be one of those cheesy billiard lounges, however, the place is very nice, with a casual-upscale vibe, and once we came here when they had a band, which was very good, so we did not even mind the 5 bucks cover charge.  We have not tried food or drinks yet, but the pool rates are reasonable and the staff is really friendly.  We will be going here more often.
