3 stars for the calamari and the kind and patient servers. That's about it. Had dinner here last night with a big group. The one who took our order was very patient and nice. Food was mediocre except for the calamari. Burger was supposed to be medium rare as we requested but came out well done. On our way out the bouncer was either blind or simply rude. Don't know what his problem was.
I'm a local and a regular. I help support your restaurant during the off season by dining there 2-3 times per week. I just had an unpleasant experience: I ordered six $1 sliders and a beer. Then I ordered another beer. Then another, and the bartender said "This one's one me." Then I ate and needed another beer, and despite the fact that I was only one of two people at the bar, I had to wait 15 minutes for her to reappear, at which point I had lost my appetite and was ready to leave. She apologized and offered to buy me another beer. I drank it and ate one more slider and was ready to go. The bill came to $20. Since I had six $1 sliders ($6) and two beers ($6 during happy hour) the bill should have been about $13, not $20. I didn't have the stomach to argue, so I paid and left. I hope you guys make a lot of money during the season, and since I eat out every day of the week I try to frequent different restaurants to help support local businesses, but after tonight I can tell you that I will be taking my daily business to the Whales Tale or the Beach House. I eat out for service and convenience, not a hassle, which is what I got. Good luck keeping your doors open this winter; you won't be seeing me again.
TACO TUESDAY! Best day of the week because of the inns fabulous dollar tacos! Two drink minimum but then you are guaranteed an endless amount of tacos. Yesterday I wanted some chicken, but usually I will order some beef as well. I enjoy eating at the inn on Tuesdays rather then the cabana because of the wait. The waitresses don't have you waiting around. They get you in and out . I really appreciate that.
Good happy hour. Its a place where the food is mediocre, the prices for drinks and food is affordable. However, the crowd there on the night you are there can make or break your experience. If its just you and a friend or a significant other then your experience might be better depending on the situation. Overall, its clean, its friendly, but nothing special. I recommend this place for a random night out ,like a Wednesday, for a good drink and conversation.
The bartender- the elderly 80 year old grumpy lady, was extremely nasty and careless about the customers. I was just here with my bf and 2 other girlfriends we had $100 tap to begin with. 30 minutes and we were out the bar... And never ever coming here again, and I'll make sure all of my friends who come here never show up as well. So at the order of mild wings we get spicy, and tell her and she goes back to us "no they aren't spicy" and being silent when we said we don't like them and won't eat them...wow, "great" customer service!!!
SUCKED! We came here for lunch on Mother's Day... Service was SLOPPY AND SLOOW! We ordered a water with lemon and a soda... We then ordered two chicken sandwiches. One regular, one hot sauce. We didn't get our drink until the food came out. My chicken so over done that the breaking on the chicken was brown!! The waiter came to our table as well as two others sitting by us asking who got what order... So we were all just waiting for food too long for a place that had literally 8 people eating at! This is the second time I didn't like the food. Now the horrible service? I will not return, EVER!
Don't go here to watch the UFC fights.   I called in advance to ask if the fights were being shown and if there was a cover charge.  I was told yes they were, and no, there was no charge.  When I arrived at the door, low and behold, there was a $10 cash-only cover.  When I explained what I was told on the phone the guard shrugged and justified the price to me, which was mainly to pay the band.   $10 to watch the UFC fights while...a band plays?  (Yes, they play during the fights)  What a waste.  I left to go to Croxley's in RVC.
Just an update... the owner just wrote me a harrassing note consisting of ALL CAPS telling me that I'm "NOT HOT" and to "STAY AWAY FROM HERE" ...  just validating my experience.. YUCK!   The Inn isn't hot... not at all... booooo!
Well my Ice was cold.... That's about where the good part ends. We had just wanted to pop in for something quick before hitting the beach for an summer evening concert and thought The Inn would be a good fast choice.... Wrong. Our order was simple enough, the fried calamari was absolutely frozen and had the consistency of a dry rubber band and the flavor that I'm having a hard time describing.... Something along the lines of iodine flavored cardboard? The steak sandwich which in my opinion is hard to mess up was just that messed up. Instead of slices of steak on a roll, it was two hunks of steak, overcooked, touch and not easy to bite into...Flavorless and extremely tough. On a saving grace note our waitress was polite and attentive so she saved a star for the place.   Overall not a good choice if your looking for a quick bar/pub style bite. There's definitely better choices in LB if that's what you're in the mood for.
The Inn is an OK bar if it's not the middle of summer or a weekend (they extract a cover charge on weekends).  Unfortunately the beer selection sucks and I may not live down the street from The Inn long enough to get them to start selling something like bottles of Sierra Nevada so that they at least have one IPA on the premises.       As a restaurant, it's not as good.  Granted, I haven't tried most of the items on the menu, and my neighbor really likes to eat here, but it strikes me as typically Long Beach: a pretty standard menu served in a bar so that people can get shitfaced and pretend that they are having an awesome meal, with prices that seem fair to people who are already drunk or are trying to get laid simply by paying for a dinner. This is not to say that the food is bad.  I just don't know why you would go to what is basically a sports bar with a normal menu for a $25 entree.  The burger is decent, but certainly won't make the burger list I'm going to be buried with.  But if you happen upon a deal--and they have deals here--like all you can eat ribs for $13, which I did recently, dive in and eat like you're trying to save the national economy.
At night on the weekend, it's loud, crowded and going to get messy. It's where you go if you're in college or in your 40s and trying to creep people out. $10 cover.
As far as atmosphere it's your typical bar but nice and spacious.  I'm not your typical bar girl so maybe I'm going to give a biased review.   The only reason I frequent this place is for the "Seafood Thursdays".  They have $.99 oysters, clams  shrimp, and they also have $5.99 mussel bowls, and clam bowls.  Last but not least $3 miller lights.   HOW CAN YOU BEAT ALL OF THAT? Especially when the seafood is delicious and you can order as much as you want.  It's FABULOUS!
I'd say - the best time to come here is mid-day on a Saturday.  It's not crowded and filled with college students and you can hang out with other locals and just have a good mid-day lunch or mid-day drink (or both).   I have found the staff to be super, super friendly. I don't like going to ANY of these bars in the West End when it's a Saturday night and they're totally crowded.   But, like I said, you come here for an afternoon drink and snacks, it's a good time!! Swingbelly's recently roasted a pig and had all you can eat food here for $10 - it was such an awesome deal, all the people that showed up were really cool and the staff was so friendly! Enjoy!
I must say, I've spend most of my summers in Long Beach and The Inn is the only bar I will never get sick of!  I am a huge fan of the live band they have performing on the weekends.  The crowd is very laid back, everyone is out to have a good time.  I love it when the bartenders let stacks of napkins go flying :) As a restaurant, I've never eaten here except during the summer for their infamous taco tuesday nights... they weren't that great... but I went to hang out, not for the food, which I'm sure is why a majority of people go.   Your better off saving your money for drinks and come here for the live band on the weekends!
Check out taco night. It's the absolute bomb diggs. I hear raw bar night is crazy good. Sometimes they have bands playing that are pretty sweet.  And everyone seems to have a good time here even tho it's ever so slightly dungeony feeling, aka like a dungeon.  Maybe I feel that way because of how it looks from the outside. The super high seats can be strange when you're at a table that's not near other people sitting really high and then you're there 12 feet in the air with your date and you just end up looking tall or sketchy.  I have noticed people trashing the types that go to this bar or other Long beach bars and they are somewhat true...not the highest quality of people.  At least they are generally good looking in the summer.
I want to give this place 4 stars so bad, because the bartenders are all great, and so is the food.  You wouldn't think such a large factory bar would have a decent salad or perfectly fried, good-looking-meated chicken fingers, but the place does.  Just great people and great food. Just never go here and hang out past 9pm.  The crowd is big, loud, and alcoholic.  The music is usually an awful sublime or like creedence cover band.  And I love Sublime and Creedence cover bands.  The ones who play here are just awful.  It's like what 92.3 used to sound like when it was KROK, in hell.   If you're trying to get drunk and/or laid and bump into 20 dudes with flannel shirts and 3 day old 5 O'clock shadows, this place rules.  If you want to find a girl with too much make up, a loud top, tight black pants, and sandals or ugg boots in January or July... this place is great.  If you are trying to get Bradley Nowell's spirit to rise from the grave, or just spin in it, pay the cover, some of which will go to the band desecrating his music. If you wan't good food, go there in the off hours.
Question: what do you expect when you go to a two story bar, in a beach town, on a weekend?   Answer: drunk college kids, watered down drinks, arrogant locals in a pack, me...judging you things i've learned at the inn: 1.  don't turn your back on the ocean.  or the irish 2.  If I fall walking UP the stairs, my friends will step over me and call me a jack ass 3.  If I drop my beer whilst pete moss and the fertilzers are playing, they will buy me a new one 4.  If my homegirl goes to the inn wearing a romper, a burger king crown and missing a tooth - even she will get hit on. If you go to this joint mid season with the expectation that you're going somewhere people will get out of your way so you can get to the bar for your fancy martini or glass of champagne, and the waitress will give you a 5 star meal, you're gona be sorely disappointed. if you're down with a live band, a DJ, and a crew of: extra drunk, middle drunk and on their way to getting drunk chicken heads and frat boys, hit the inn up.  Its exactly what you would think it is.  Leave your pride at the door and stick to the beer unless you hit the back bar and the irish dude is working (if you're nice to him, he has a heavy hand).  Their happy hour and drink specials are good (yea so if you want to get drunk and bloated on 20 bucks, hit this spot up on sundays for 1.99 buds) in the fall and winter when the idiot beach crowd has gone back to their respective towns in new jersey and staten island, mosey on down to watch college football, regular football, and eat millions upon millions of wings.   I've never been here without pregaming, and don't think I'd be able to deal with it if I wasn't already saucing. **not for the uptight patron**
I visit long beach every summer and always eat here. I love their calamari and buffalo chicken. Something i've never had anywhere else is the Buffalo calamari (calamari with Buffalo sauce). It is yummy! This bar is also great for football. They always lend about 2 tvs to none local games (i'm a Pats fan). There is outdoor seating, 1st floor, bar area, or 2nd floor. Great service.
Huge bar/restaurant located in the West End of Long Beach.  Each day of the night there is a special.  What I love going to is their Taco Tuesdays!!! What it is you get $1 tacos from soft and/or hard tacos with chicken, beef, or beans.  Only thing is it requires a 2 drink min but they even have specials for that. I'm looking forward to coming here during the summertime because it will be a great time!
Went this weekend for happy hour.  They were very accommodating of our stroller and we promptly sat at a table outside for some great people watching! Had a good dos equis special for 3.50 each or something, had the jerk wings (incredibly overcooked and dry with pretty bad canned jerk sauce, i would try the regular buffalo next time), wife had the mozz sticks which were pretty good. Overall, not a bad place, I wouldn't go for the food obviously, but the waitress was great, very friendly, prompt and attentive as was the bus boy. As a bar, I have no idea since it was only for happy hour we were there.
Seafood Thursdays are awesome.  Six bucks for a bowl of mussels and bread for dipping?  You can't beat it and it's really effing delicious! I personally do not care for this place at night - not really my scene, but if you're in your early 20s and like the fratty kind of bars this might be your place.
Hands down, my FAVORITE bar. I've never eaten there (I think), so I can't judge the food. For a night out, this is the place to go. Two floors. Three (big) bars. Live music mixed with a DJ playing covers, old school jams, and the current songs you are overplaying... all played on shuffle. Oooohhh I just wanna danceeee thinking about it!!! Good times, good times. Drinks aren't free, typically priced for LB/LI. You know, $5 a beer $8 a drink. Treat your bartenders well and they will probably hook you up too. Bartenders Maria and Mickey are awesome - friendly, fast. Decent selection of beers on tap, more than your usual suspects: Bud Lite and Coors lite. They have a couple craft options too. $10 Admission to feed the band. Security is strict, especially at the door.  During peak summer months, you might wait on line for half of your night and never get in. Go early. During the winter The Inn is just awesome (to me I guess) because I hate on sloppy hoards of people. The bands they book are legit. Sick. I've only seen one mediocre band at The Inn. The bathrooms stay clean (mainly, most of the time). Huge plus.
I know this place is known for its Summer nightlife, but my wife and I go to Long beach many weekends during the Summer and eat here all of the time. The food is EXCELLENT. Try the mussels appetizer. Its incredible. Big portion too.  Everything we have had here was great. Never been here at night, but I am sure its fun.
Great appetizers. Best wings in the west end and the best place to watch a game IMHO.  Taco Tuesday is great. Obv a good bar scene but could do without the cover charge when there's ten people inside in the dead of winter.
BE CAREFUL!!! This place was cool and I had a good time until the next day when myself and two of my buddies who spent several hours eating and drinking there with me noticed that our slimy waitress had double swiped our debit cards and tried to rip us off. I was ripped off for $40.00, and another one of my friends was taken for $60.00 We signed the original receipts when we split the tab 3 ways, but then we all noticed the next day that we were all ripped off! Be careful!!! Watch out for the little Irish girl with the redish hair that works there. Shes a thief!
So far, I have only gone to this bar on Sunday and Monday to watch football but I love the wings and enjoy the beer specials as well. I can't wait to stop in during the summer to see if the crowd is different! What makes me come back is the bartenders remember what you love eating or drinking and they are always so welcoming.
Clearly a bar not a restaurant.  We thought we would grab a quick bite to eat here before heading out for the night since they have a small outdoor seating area.  OMG it is not a good situation. The food was definitely previously frozen and not fresh at all.  Looked like it took little to no effort to put together.  Staff was nice and helpful but the food did the place in.  I am not a drinker but it looks like a place that would be fun to come to to hang out with some friends as it is spacious inside and has a decent looking bar.
This place should have zero stars.  If you are into juice heads, orange faces and annoying people then you will  love this place.  If you are a normal person, then you have been warned  to never go here.  I have so much to say about this place, but it just makes me so upset thinking how i wasted my entire saturday night in this place.    The fact that you would have to pay to go to this place is just the worst.  If you go to Long Beach this summer, go to the beach then head back to the city.  I don't want to be rude and say they the entire place is filled with trash, but it is, so f this place!
Ive always had fun here. Especially when they have a live band playing. The food is OK at best. Love Taco Tuesdays though. The service is usually right on.. I cant speak much for their cocktails bc i usually grab a beer.. For a bar it has pretty decent space.. Giving it 4 stars bc after coming here over the years with friends i always had fun :-)
I like this place.  Whether here for taco tuesday, or here to drink on a friday or saturday night.  There are times where it's not too packed, which is awesome, and then nights where you can barely move, but it never gets to the point where you can't move.
There's not much I can say about the Inn. I knew they weren't known for much of anything other than getting drunk but I figured I'd try it out for lunch after it had been newly renovated after the storm. We took a seat outside and our waitress came over to us and all she starting the greeting off with was "can I get you some drinks?" No name. No specials. No suggestions. Nothing. Not even a smile. We ordered water (which consisted of a coca cola after taste) , a piña colada which, after not getting ID'd and after watching the bartenders 10 count pour, was very hard to keep down, and a coke which was completely flat. We than ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and Steak Tidbits. The buffalo chicken sandwich came out and was soggy and saturated with a mediocre buffalo sauce. The Tidbits were half fatty beef and the bread was tasteless. (Compared to whales tail and beach house, the tidbits don't stand a chance).. Pretty much everything was pretty awful. We than asked for a check and the waitress took about 5 minutes to come back to authorize our card and than another 5 to return it (keep in mind we were the only table in the restaurant). She than returned the card without a Thankyou, smile, or have a good day. Worst server I have ever experienced. The Inn looks great but I would NOT think about going there again.
Decided to go here on sunday of memorial weekend. Business was steady it was not empty and it was not busy. I'm not surprised as we sat for twenty minutes at a table inside the bar, not one member of staff came to our table while there were three floor staff walking around chatting to each other with two female bartenders in the rear of the bar doing nothing, three customers sitting at their bar. The table beside us told us that service was terrible and they were planning to leave after their drinks to head to a bar down the street. We followed them. The Inn staff & management communicate with customers please!
Love this place!  Best wings in Long Beach, great vibe, nice bartenders and wait staff, good beers on tap, and great daily specials.
After spending the day at the beach, we came across this establishment.  Looked nice enough, so we walked up.  We told the hostess we wanted to sit in the bar and she said great.  So far so good.  We found a cocktail table a few feet from the bar, put our stuff down, and proceeded to order. That was when things went downhill.  The bartender was a elderly woman with the largest stick up her rear I have come across in some time.  One of those people whose attitude changes the second you order water.  Seriously, we biked 25 miles earlier in the day, and then sat on the beach for several hours. Give me my damn water without the the attitude.  We then ordered some food and sat down.  Well that was about all that grandma could take, and she started yelling at the hostess that we where sitting at a table and she was closing us out....ok, calm down.  This might be the only place I have ever been where you need to be seated in the bar area.   I got it.  Anyway, the food was average and the table service sucked, but I didn't dare get up and walk 4 feet to the nearly empty bar to get a beer.  Oh well, on to the next place.
