I ordered a beef empanada from their food truck right off of the long beach boardwalk. The empanada was muy delicioso!!!
I'm only giving this place 2 stars because the drinks were decent. What an overpriced let down!!!!! First let's start with the wait. My family made a reservation for three. Upon arrival the hostess told us that we had to wait 10-15 minutes! Are you kidding me?! My mother has 2 prosthetic knees! That's the point of making a reservation..so...I don't know...you don't have to wait!!!! We had to wait a long time sitting near a rainy, cold open door. The hostess finally brought us to be seated. She had the balls to try to sit us by a swinging door next to the kitchen. I sarcastically said with a cold face "oh lovely. Right next to the kitchen." The girl remedied the problem right away. After the long quest to be seated, we were greeted by a very friendly and nice waiter. He and the owner were absolute dolls! This is another reason why I am not giving this place one star. The ginger frozen margarita was about a 7.5 out of 10. I enjoyed the flavor, but the salted rim was sparse, melted, and sloppy. The garlic shrimp appetizer was absolutely disgusting. It basically tasted like the poor quality shrimp in lobster sauce that you get at a C quality Chinese takeout restaurant. The guacamole was decent. The chips that were included, however, were very good. The croquetas weren't great. The meat inside tasted like what I imagine cat food would taste like. The best part of my meal was the skirt steak. It was probably a 7.5/10 for me. It wasn't too fatty. However, it could have been less oily. The chimichurri was absolutely disgusting. Yuck! We also ordered tostones on the side. They weren't bad. I feel bad because the owner was so sweet and hard-working. However, I feel that I must say what I have said. This restaurant has a lot of potential. It looks very good on paper. However, the food quality and the organization of how the service runs (at least on Saturday nights) REALLY needs to step up. I hope things improve, because the owner deserves better than what he's getting from his kitchen and hosting staff.
Visited here on the recommendation of a friend.  Well, we are still friends!  Honestly, Corazon de Cuba, "Heart of Cuba" redeems its nommé du guerre quite handedly.  The guacamole was mildly tart and served in a yucca chip bowl.  Their Mojito was a tad sweet but minty, as it should with fresh leaves.  For the main course I ordered the Chicharones de Pollo, a traditional Cuban dish.  If you have ever had pork skin rinds, this is the poultry version.  It's crispy and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  It could have used a little more spice, cilantro or garlic but was quite enjoyable. It was served with a delicious yellow rice topped with zesty frijoles negros, black beans.  They serve a very healthy portion.   My bride had the shrimp in garlic and pepper and it, too, was savory and well prepared over yellow rice and red beans.  They will cook dishes to order, modifying to taste.  Their staff is friendly and attentive.   One drawback is that they are, perhaps, too successful and, as a result, have a couple tables too many.  A long narrow seating area limits comfort.  Is it worth it?  Yes, Great food trumps space.  I owe my friend a kiss and a hug.
The Skirt steak is really good.  I didn't like their chimichurri so I just didn't use it.  The margarita I had was strong, awesome and 5 bucks at happy hour (starts at 4).  They are strong and fresh, no fake mixes.  Id go back, esp at happy hour.
This place is a pleasant surprise!! Was looking for a place to eat dinner after spending a day at the beach, we saw their food truck at the beach food truck park so we decided to check it out.  I came with low expectation but was blown away by how tasty everything was! I ordered the long beach sunset cocktail which was soo good with perfect amount of alcohol in it.  My half roasted chicken was seasoned perfectly with a strong rosemary flavor, the meat was juicy and the skin was crisp.  My husband's paella portion was huge and its really good!!  We ended our meal with the classic flan which did not disappoint.   I always judge a cuban place by whether they make good yellow rice and beans and this place def passed my test! The food and service is def 5 stars, i am taking one star off because there was a bridal shower during our dinner and it was little hard to carry a conversation...Not a deal breaker and I still love this place, i will def be back!!
I came here once two weeks back and realized this place was tiny. I had gone with a party of four and this place was jam packed,they had a live band and no hostess table. Well anyway I put my name down for a table an there was an hour wait. We left but that night intrigued me to come back. Came back for a drink. I had a margarita on the rocks, pretty strong I would say but requested a bit more lime juice the bartender didn't give me any problem.She was polite. I will come back to try the food eventually.
Overpriced! Guacamole at $13?? Biggest Surprise on the bill was the $35 pitcher of Sangria. I have never in my life seen this. Food was eh. They better fix the pricing.
I went on a Sunday. It was  empty. I ordered the coconut mojoto. It was delicious. !!! Not strong, but great taste. For the entree, my husband order the seafood combo and I had the skirt steak. The food came in 5 minutes. Crazy!!! It was average. Good taste, but nothing out of the ordinary.
OMG! Outstanding place to grab a meal after spending the day at the beach. My friend and I sat outside, which was perfect for the sunny day we were having. I ordered the steak sandwich, and she ordered the Latino chicken sandwich. You can have either fries or yuca rings with your sandwiches. We asked for tostones instead of yuca rings, and the chef did us the favor of giving both of us both tostones and yuca rings! We also ordered the brownie with the coconut ice cream, which was just heavenly. That brownie must be the best brownie I have ever had. So overall, food was delicious, and prices are so reasonable, not to mention our waiter, who answered all of our questions and was friendly and attentive.
This restaurant was the highlight of our week's stay.  Although we over-ordered, I can safely say that we tasted a little bit of everything. Serviche app - outstanding well seasoned with a great variety of seafood, Shrimp empanadas - crispy with a delicious filling, Cuban surf & turf - out of this world - Marinated skirt steak with sauteed shrimp and calamari, Cuban Pork Chops- marinated and served w/a garlic, tomato and pepper sauce. Portions were large, margaritas top notch, service attentive and informative. We ordered specials so they were a little pricy, but the standard menu is very reasonably priced.
Had the Paella Espanola. The shrimp & chicken were way overcooked & tasteless. There were 3 mussels,  but only 1 had anything in it. Never found the others.  Chorizo was the best part. Staff was friendly and attentive.
Oh my gosh- 5 stars across the board!!! Best margarita I've had in ages!! So fresh. Fresh lime juice, agave nectar.. Delicious!! If only all margaritas were this good! The service was great!! Went to long beach for the day and decided to find a bar for a drink and to watch the World Cup.. I was looking at the menu in the window and the bartender (Frank) was so welcoming I thought, what the hell.. The entire staff was welcoming and entertaining. It was a great crowd to watch the game with.. And the food!!! All I had was the chicken Latino sandwich and it was hands down the best chicken sandwich ever!!!!! Fresh avocado, chipotle mayo, black beans.. Oh man. This will literally be my new Long beach spot. Yuca rings were amazing, as well. I literally don't have one bad word to say about this place. Can't wait to go back and try more dishes.
So. Delicious.  Small place, casual but clean and modern.  Service was excellent, waitress went out of our way to be helfpul with our 7 year old son who was with us.  Please note there is no kids menu here  - my son ordered two empanadas and a side of rice and he thoroughly enjoyed them (if you have a picky eater you may have issues).  I had a cuban sandwich and my husband had the ropa vieja, both ridiculously good.  I had a glass of the white sangria  - I was taking tiny little sips to make it last! We stopped in for lunch on our way to the beach - next time I'll dress up a bit and have adults night out for dinner.  Dont miss this place!
This place is very cute inside.   Okay, here we go: - I have tried the Sangria a few times and it's not that great.  I prefer having a mojito or margarita here, those were awesome.   - My boyfriend has an empanada obsession for some reason so I always end up having to try them.  So far, this is the best place I've had them.   - My obsession is with Skirt Steak and I get that here every time with chimichuri sauce. - If you're dining on a Friday or Saturday night I would say it's better to dine in the back upper part of the restaurant if there's room.  The reason for this is because sometimes there is live music (cool) and the people that got drunk at the bar are now dancing to it and whistling and being loud (not cool) and that can ruin your dinner if you're right next to that.  That is my only REAL complaint.  If you're sitting in the back you can't really hear it as much.
Ended up here last Saturday night. Fun percussionists/live music playing indoor/outdoor bar area really gave it a nice vibe.  Reasonable drink prices, although I think they'd sell more specialty drinks if they had a cocktail menu, beer and wine list wouldn't hurt either... I feel like the place looked nicer under the previous owners, not sure what was changed/missing though. Ate at the bar because there were no tables readily available. Tried an assortment of tapas and appetizers.  Skirt steak was super tender, nicely marinated.  Seafood salpicon was like a ceviche/ seafood salad, not overly dressed or seasoned, refreshing.  Fried plantains with garlic sauce, obviously good, kinda overpriced though.  Empanadas (tried both beef and chicken) were better than average and very reasonably priced. Corn on the cobs were delicious and I usually hate corn. Wings have a great hot sauce on them.  Only thing I really didn't care for were the ham croquettes, verrryy salty. Bartenders were friendly and attentive. One weird thing was some smoking/sizzling plate that's on the menu.  Twice it was ordered in the main dining area and twice it smoked up the whole restaurant (it's not a big place).  Seems like a dumb menu item if you don't have proper ventilation.  Everyone just sat in smoke for a good 20 minutes. I liked the place when it was Cuban Crocodile, and my first impression is that Corazon de Cuba is an improved version overall.   I will totally return.
Honestly I don't know how this place has 4 stars.. Here on a Saturday night, seated very quickly all though the are busy so we thought wow were lucky but boy are we wrong.. First we ordered a pitcher of sangria- now I know sangria is not suppose to be strong but it also shouldn't taste like fruit juice!! This was the worst sangria we ever had. The guys ordered Long Island ice teas- but it was just ice teas no alcohol. My husband ordered a double Wisky on the rocks thinking they can't mess that up right? Wrong! It came so watered down. Waiter is very nice but female bartender has an attitude- she got very upset when we requested more alcohol in the drink.She started talking about us to the other waiter and looking at our table , rolling her eyes, yelling in Spanish something. I got very upset because I knew she was talking about us. That was very unacceptable!!! Honestly the waiter was so sweet.. Service is horrible with the drinks- you can get better drinks at TGIF! It doesn't matter if the food was good or not, with poor service everything can go downhill. Roasted chicken was really good. Unfortunately they already added 20% to our bill for gratitude. I hope it all went to the waiter and not the bartender! To management- train the bartender-or even better get a new one.
Awesome restaurant with a great staff and awesome food. The lady and I went on a weeknight in the Summer. There were a few tables and fairly empty at bar. Awesome drinks - margaritas and sangria (red or white). Ordered Cuban sandwich, empanadas, mussels, shrimp dish. All were very good and tasty except the shrimp dish. Menu had good amount of steaks, shellfish dishes, and pork. Not too expensive. The staff was great. In addition to our waitress, the manager and another waiter checked in on us frequently to ensure satisfaction. I recommend.
Great food! Probably the best Cuban food you'll find outside of NYC, and it can hold it's own with any of my favorite places in the city. Pay no mind to reviews from insane people. This place is one of the best places in Long Beach ( a place not known for good food options). The skirt steak was perfect, amazing empanadas, salmon was great and cooled perfectly, and the ropa veija was some of the best I've had. Chef came out to chat and check on everything and was cool as hell, telling us about the marinades he uses, etc. Drinks used fresh juices and were on point. Definitely will be back next time I go surfing and I highly recommend this place. Note: music is played pretty loud and it's a lively place, so if you are looking for a quiet dinner, this may annoy you - but the food makes up for any of that, in my opinion
Went here last night with the family. Had a reservation and we came early and they seated us right away. Luckily we came early as by the time we left, the place was packed. It's a pretty small and narrow space with a bar in front and most tables in the back. The service was excellent. We had the home made empanadas as an appetizer...the chicken and broccoli and cheese. We were informed by the waiter that the dough was made with yucca instead of wheat flour, which worked great for us since one of our party has a wheat/dairy allergy. I preferred the chicken empanadas, they were delicious. As an entree, I had the pollo al ajillo. The chicken was simple thin sliced chicken breast but the garlic, wine and parsley sauce was awesome and went great with the cone shaped spanish rice on my plate that came with the dish. There was a side of black beans that were in a liquidy sauce that I didn't care for. Others in my party had the shredded skirt steak, the regular skirt steak and the pork. Everyone loved their dishes and they were very accommodating to allergy restrictions. We had a side of fried plantain for the table and it was sweet and crispy. We tried the rice pudding encased in dough with ice cream and strawberry sauce for dessert. As a rice pudding purist I wasn't a big fan but the ice cream and strawberry sauce was yummy. My big complaint was that the place is really loud....between the music being so loud and the noise level of the patrons, it was actually hard to converse at our table.
I would give 5 stars, but I each time I called the number to make a reservation I got someones VM. We showed up around 7:30 on a Friday night and were seated right away despite being super busy. When I inquired about the phone line the hostess laughed & did not say anything. Service was excellent & food was amazing. Loved the energy & live music. While it was really loud it was still awesome. Best mojito Ive ever had. Very reasonable pricing, we cant wait to go back.
Food was Tasty - BUT - We received the wrong food 3 TIMES-- YES-- I said 3 times-- You decide----
Wow great & authentic Cuban in lb, much better than it predecessor. creative fare - while staying authentic Recommend the bacalitos and cerviche appetizer - great sangria
The drinks were good. Food was okay. Service was friendly but she had too keep running to the back to find out; fish of the day, how it is prepared, soup of the day, etc. Just kind of annoying awhile. I mean write it down! I think people might be asking you all day today. As far as the cuisine goes I must admit that I'm not sure that I'm necessarily familiar enough with Cuban food to say whether or not this was authentic Cuban cuisine. But good is good and this food was just okay. The Salcipon which I thought would be like a ceviche needed some acid but that might be the way it is supposed to be. The Bacalitos kind of tough because they so deeply fried but tasty. Needed a dipping sauce other than the smear of guacamole across the top. I saw tangerine mojo on the menu so I order it on the side; just to try it. Again maybe Cuban mojo is different then mojo's I have had in the past. It was just garlic & oil.  No acid at all, definitely no tangerine. The roast chicken was very good & the black bean sauce was okay. They had the Yankees and HGTV on. Personally I liked that
Major disappointment. Service was ATROCIOUS. Read the NYTimes review on this place and was looking forward to visiting. The staff were a bit cold upon our arrival but I chalked it up to their being busy. The place was REALLY loud so we opted to sit towards the front. We were seated maybe a minute before the waiter comes over to ask for our orders - mind you, we hadn't even had the chance to look at the menus. He raced through the specials and got annoyed with us when we asked him for recommendations. We asked for a few more minutes. Ten minutes later he finally comes back and only after the bartender went to get him. We got the empanadas to start because I had read about them online. The flavor was decent but a tad on the oily side. Our entrees took almost a half hour to come out. I understand kitchens can get backed up but our server said nothing to us. I had the Chicharonnes de Pollo which were delicious and the only reason I'm giving this place two stars (consider ordering them for take out). My sister had the vaca Frita. Overly salty & the beef tasted off. Like it had been sitting out all day. However, at this point we were starving and she just sucked it up. The server disappeared & only came to ask us how everything was once we were almost done. I had to get up and ask a busboy for more napkins otherwise we would've had to wipe our hands on our clothes. My sister also ordered a margarita. It was terrible, not balanced at all, and she couldn't drink it. She thought perhaps it would be better if a higher quality tequila was used so the bartender remade it with Don Julio. It was equally undrinkable. She had maybe two sips of the drink and sent it back. She ordered a mojito instead which was good. The kicker is that when we asked for the check not only was the server suddenly Speedy Gonzalez BUT she was also charged for top-shelf margarita which she didn't drink. I pointed this out to out server who did nothing about it. I paid the bill and only left a tip because I understand that other people are paid from the tips too but definitely walked away with a sour taste in my mouth. Save your money this place is not worth the trouble.
I am in love with the Coconut Mojito...Paella very good too Service awesome! Love this place! :)
Great food, service and the coconut mojito is delicious. We got our food really fast too.
I love this place! The staff was great, the mojitos were some of the best in the city but best of all the food was super yummy!! Authentic Cuban food cooked to perfection. Well, I prefer my momma's empanadas but these were pretty good too. If you are nearby for the beach this place is a must try on your way back.
Went with my family to eat the food was  absolutely delicious.  The appetizer of shrimp fritters was great and the pitcher of sangria was awesome.  Great service too, will definitely go back again for the Paella and empanadas:-)
My father is Cuban so we had high expectations. It was delicious but pricey for the size portions you're served. Staff was very friendly. The mojitos were bomb dig. I'd go again for some cocktails & apps.
Amazing food, drinks, staff and atmosphere! Totally going again :) They also have great music playing at all times, including live bands! The passion fruit mojitos are a must
Just had a great late lunch here.  I am a fitness enthusiast and so they were very accommodating when asking to out everything on the side and or go light on certain ingredients.  Our service was great, there was no wait, and my steak was delicious. I give 3 stars because they overlooked my steak. I asked for medium rare and got medium. Other than that, delicious.
Great empanadas and their Cuban sandwich is good as well. The rest of their food and even their sangrias are average I would say.
Pleasantly surprised!  The seafood paella was a huge portion with fresh flavors and at a reasonable price. We also had the baccalitas (sp?) as an appetizer, and they were amazing.  Service was fine... No complaints. Bravo!
At here after a day at the beach. Wanted something different other than burgers or pizza. So jumped on Yelp as found this little gem. The food here was really good! I had the half baked chicken with rice and black beans. Chicken was really flavorful. My friend had the the skirt steak and I had a few piece...well cooked and good as well. The blacks beans where ok but nothing bad. We also ordered the appetizer platter....good as well. I would go back again. Nice changed from the usually places near the beach.
This place is just amazing....the food is so fresh, the seasoning is just perfection...the cocktail.....well what can I say other then this place is a must, must, MUST!!!!! Then to get even better, Friday and Saturday night LIVE MUSIC.....what better!!!!!!! So AWESOME!!!! And the OWNER what a sweetheart!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!!! The food is AMAZING!!!! Was meaning to try it for a while and finally made it there....can't wait to go back! The flavors were incredible! Prices were reasonable for what we ordered...2 appetizers, 2 dinners (I had shrimp sirena and my friend had the steak special ( steak was so big it covered her plate!), 2 desserts and one drink--came to $100! Staff was attentive and pleasant, owner very sweet. Looking forward to going back!!! One of the best restaurants in Long Beach!
Had the best time here tonight with my girlfriends!  The Mojitos are scrumptious, and I am not really even a fan.  The food was really delicious, I would recommend the Vaca Frita and the slow roasted pork.  Our server was great, answered all our questions patiently and was very accommodating to our slower pace.  All the staff are friendly and we even got to meet the owner, Armando, who stopped to talk to us for a few minutes.  Salsa dancing tomorrow, woot woot!  The guitar player there tonight was just awesome, Fernando Ferrer, from Puerto Rico!  Felt very lucky to hear him play tonight.  Look for him in LB for the next two weeks...Thanks to everyone who made our night so much fun, Jessica, Joel, Armando and Fernandito!  Don't forget to check out the food truck and get a Cubano, they are the best I have ever had.  Daily from 11am on Riverside.
I grew up with outstanding Cuban food courtesy of my nana.  I don't expect restaurants to compete with home-cooked-off-the-boat-Cuban, but this place didn't come close.  Judged without comparison to authentic Cuban food, it still wasn't good. My ropa viejo was dry and the tostones came literally soaking in oil.  SOAKING IN OIL.  That is a very rookie mistake.   Service was fine, but they add 20% gratuity on your check and the menu doesn't even make mention of this, nor was it highlighted on the check.  It's really tacky to add grats on for small parties.  This isn't South Beach Miami where everyone is European. It's Long Beach.  I will never go back here.
I'm craving for rice and bean this afternoon so I found this Cuban restaurant. The waitress is very friendly. My friend ordered the steak, and I had the seafood. All main courses come with my favourite rice and beans. The food was amazing!! Love this place and will def come back again
I went last night with another couple who relied on me to recommend some dishes as I am Cuban - (1st generation lived in Miami & I was very skeptical on this being authentic) first we started at the bar as our reservation/table was getting ready which was perfect I like having a cocktail at the bar and not being seated, bar staff was very nice, drinks were delicious!  After about 15-20 min, perfect timing - We then sat at our table, I ordered a variety of appetizers which where sooo good - empanadas - beef n shrimp, skirt steak and tostones - tasty, just like mom made and everyone ate them - raved, all gone!! Then entrees were Lechon which is traditional roast pork - FANTASTIC! Everyone ordered different dishes all equally fantastic, traditional & sizeable portions - filling n full of flavor!! My bf got surf n turf - which was a special for the evening, skirt steak, shrimp & calamari, perfectly cooked md rare, good portion and full of flavor.  No one left any food, we were all so full!!! It seems the dinners come with yellow rice - not so typical as I was raised with white rice & black beans which I asked for and it was very good!!! I have gone to so called "Cuban" restaurants n they flunk at the rice - this was perfectly made and the black beans were good! Get ready for their dipping sauces so good, so garlicky, but oh so good!! We were all to full to try desert so I will have to go back!!! Our waiter was good nothing that stood out but was good service but he was busy....nothing that took away from the experience.  Oh I forgot they had a live band playing Latin music which just added to a wonderful evening and the ambiance! You must go!!
We just finished one of the most stellar meals ever. Incredible service, the menu is perfection everything we ordered from the appetizers, the entrees, the drinks, the deserts, AND the incredible Cuban coffee! I highly recommend making reservations especially for a Saturday evening! This place has only been open for 4 months, I know it's going to be a hit. I highly recommend the fried plantains that are served with an outstanding fresh pressed garlic oil. I had the shredded skirt steak with cilantro rice, my boyfriend had the Cuban sandwich, and my son had the ribeye special. We all shared the desert and topped it all off with Cuban coffee perfection! I cannot wait to go back! Love love love this place!
Great food and great drinks in a fun atmosphere.  Check out happy hour drink deals from 4 to 7 try the coconut mojitos!
Not sure how to be fair in this review since our complaint is with the bartenders. But they do  represent the restaurant, and I'm sure mgmt knows these guys work ethic. So when we arrived the hostess was very quick and very friendly, there were no seats available so we sat at the bar.It did have a nice festive vibe,and everybody seemed to be having a great time. There was definitely a "local" effect in the bar area,the locals where getting served all around us, it took awhile to get a drink and we were sitting at the bar. Finally ordered drinks and got a menu. I should have known when we tried to order apps from the bartender and he couldn't remember  a thing we ordered that there would be a problem. long story short, when we got our bill it had 3 beers too many and a rum and coke added on. I thought "no prob" ill let him know. When i let him know that we were overcharged he got an attitude with me, rolled his eyes and said something to the other bartender. He removed the rum and coke off the bill but left the extra beers on. I'm a small guy and if i had drank all that he said i did in that short of time I would be on the floor, but since he was making a scene I dropped it. I regret not going to mgmt immediately but I was in no mood after that. That being said, the other staff seemed very friendly and helpful. The place looked nice, they had a great live band, and the food was good. Its sad because it could be a great place, but I wont be going back
Went there on an early Saturday night. Full disclosure: I own a Restaurant and might see things others don't or don't care. I am happy to see Long Beach coming back to life with many new places and was excited to try this Cuban place. Here is our experience: Decided to eat at the bar. Ordered one Mojito and and one Caipirinha. Both drinks were not prepared fresh. They use those "ready-to-go" mixes out of non labled plastic squirt bottles. And thats the way the drinks tasted. Not authentic at all.   We ordered food. One appetizer to share and two sandwiches: Cuban Sandwich and Roast Pork Sandwich. After taking our order, the bartender placed two plates with silverware on the bar for us. We only got one knife. The knife was not clean/polished. Fingerprints all over. Our "neighbors" at the bar noticed me cleaning the knife with a napkin and decided to check their own silverware. Same problem. Not clean. They asked the bartender for new silverware and he made sure it was clean this time. While waiting for the food we noticed the manager filling up the Sangria pitchers. Some things are better done in the back of the house. He used a 5 gallon bucket ,that looked like borrowed from a construction site, to fill the pitchers. I am sure the bucket was clean. But it just didn't look professional. We got our food. Our neighbors (the ones with the "silverware problem") looked irritated....They had placed their order way earlier than we did. We got appetizer and main course at the same time. Food was just "ok".  The Cuban Sandwich wasn't anywhere close to an authentic Cuban Sandwich. Way too much mustard. The Roast Pork Sandwich was very dry. $9.50 for a half french baguette with some shredded pork meat and a couple of marinated onions.... Done eating - the neighbors are still waiting. They asked for the manager. He promised to expedite their order and apologized. 10 min later they got their food - part of it. Appetizer and some sides missing. The sides eventually found their way to them. The appetizer never arrived. All those things don't really justify a two star review. Its a new place and kinks need to be worked out.  But i still had to use the bathroom... I would like to have some toilet paper and I don't wanna stand in urine from someone else when I go to the bathroom. Sink dirty. Waste basket full. Empty toilet paper rolls everywhere. And this is why i only give two stars instead of three, because a) not keeping the bathroom clean is just plain lazy and b) gives you a good idea how the back of the house i.e. kitchen might look like.
Can I just say this place is a gem!!! The shrimp fritters are to die for!!! Great food, good vibe and spanish music!!! I've been searching for food like this is in Long Beach and I can't even explain how happy I am!!! Amazing mojitos...fresh seafood...um yeah I'm happy!!! You've got to try this place!!! Delicious!!! Ignore the jerks giving it less than 5 stars. You've got to experience it on your own. Two thumbs up!!!
Went for happy hour and loved it!  The drinks were incredible (mojito and tamarindo margarita) and the food (grilled chicken sandwich with yuca fries) was great. We went during happy hour and the bartender made sure she made us a drink 5 minutes before the special ended to ensure we would get the happy hour price. She was very friendly and brought this incredible garlic/lemon zest dip for the fries even though it doesn't come with it. Her recommendations were spot-on. The place was very cute inside! I can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing the food us fantastic The bar tender Barry made me a super delish mojito.  The deserts were tasty and diverse.  The shredded beef was killer and the quesadilla app was the best.
Horrible experience!  in my opinion, if you want good food and good service go somewhere else!!!  we went on a saturday night and the hostess there was TERRIBLE, she seemed to get very very irratated by things... one word.. bitch!  we were seated upstairs against the wall..literally against the wall.  awful uncomfortable bench with old thin dirty pillows to sit on.. they seemed to get from someones grandmothers basement.  you would think they could at least put comfortable new cushions to sit on and a nice back cushion onto the wall..maybe a nice new leather back so you could be comfortable and not have to lean against a wall and have back pain during dinner.  As for food...not good..very bland and small portions.  as for the drinks... well I should of just ordered an icetea because there was nooooo liquor in my mixed drink and the sangria was also very sweet..toooo sweet...no liquor in it also.  sangria tasted like cheap red wine loaded with sugar.   and to top it off, they gave us the wrong appetizer...then gave our right order to another table. we waited forever about an hour and 45 minutes for our entrees.  and I also saw the hostess go over to every table EXCEPT ours..hhhmmm I wonder why....she was such a bitch...she knew how fu*ked up it was we waited sooooooo long for our entrée.  you would think she be professional and come over and apologize..but no...nothing!  So after being in this shitty place for over 3 hours...I passed on dessert, I just wanted to get the hell out of there.  Seriously, i feel this place is terrible.  I really really really suggest you pass on this place...go somewhere else.  this place is a joke.  my opinion..terrible hostess, terrible service, dirty, food was horrible and seating sucks!
Just had lunch with my team and the food was fantastic. Empanadas and sandwiches were excellent. Great addition to long beach,ny.
I just moved to Long Beach about a month ago, and recently tried this place.  For our appetizer, we had the most delicious food I have ever tried in life, which was the fried plantains. Now, I have had fried plantains before, but never plantains this tasty and perfect.  For my main course, I had chicken with white wine sauce which was also amazing. The place was poppin'  -crowded with eaters and a bunch of people watching the world cup.  I will definitely be back because I've not yet gotten to try their dessert.
Best food and drinks.  Excellent service.  Just noisy
I took my friend there today for a little happy hour and a bite for her birthday.. We really enjoyed it! The bartenders Elena and Barry were very friendly and attentive.  The food was awesome!  I will definitely recommend and be back!   After being too full for dessert they knew it was my friends birthday so they brought out a scoop of ice cream with a candle... Great customer service.. Thank you we had a great time... Queso wth chorizo, and the Cuban sandwich were great... Blows Havana away! "
I was there last night, the service was AMAZING!!! The food was great and the Mojitos were soooo delicious.  Everything was just perfect. Would recommend it to anyone.
I like this place but twice I went and clearly people at the bar were over served.  Once a guy who was nodding off on some drug and looked homeless went in and got served with what looked like a bag lady.  Last night my life was threatened upon leaving bc I complained about drunken people screaming at the bar.  Was told by the bartender they were drinking all day.  Not an excuse.  Cut them off ..think I'll get my tapas at jetty.  Much more civilized. ..sad bc the food is good and staff friendly...I'm Cuban and disappointed that this place has become over run with drunks
Checked the place out twice in a week.  Liked it so much the first time we wet with friends that we took mom in law/son a few days later/  if they keep the quality up I will keep going. Very authentic food.   Def go check it out...owner even came by to say hello the first nite which is always a nice touch
The pitcher of Sangria was superb, but as I found out later, a little pricey at $35.00. I don't know if we have ordered a full pitcher knowing the cost. The empanadas (beef & chicken) were delicious. The restaurant week menu offered a salad, rope vieja and flan which was an excellent offer. I had the empanadas and a cuban sandwich. Nice, but it lacked something (pickles?) and was a tad salty. Ropa vieja was not tough or stringy and very good with flavorful yellow rice and black beans. Service was spotty and friendly. The salad and app came out at different times. At some point other servers had to help clear our table and we had to wait for courses to show up. No reflection on the restaurant was the slob who sat two tables away and had to let out a loud embarrassing belch. Cover you mouth, pig, you're not at home! The dessert -flan- was firm, sweet and tasty. Corazon de Cuba is much better than the previous Crocodile. We will return.
I went to this place over the weekend and was really excited since the other Cuban place closed.  My husband and I loved that place and did not feel this place really measured up.  Here I found the food was fair.  Not bad but not great like the other reviews said below. The beef empanadas were much better than the chicken ones.  The croquettes were not good.  We had the the shrimp as a main dish which was okay. I think those reviewers work for the place because they are very descriptive with people that work there and have only reviewed this place - interesting.  Honestly, I found the food to be kind of bland.  Not a lot of flavor that I have had with other Cuban food.
Food is amazing... Anyone that says otherwise is expecting way too much out of a Cuban restaurant on Long Island.lol. The drinks are amazing. You get too watch the bartender mix all the ingredients right in front of you. The only drinks pre made are the margaritas and the sangria but that just makes sense. Did I mention the food? Yuca rings are one of the best sides ever. I love yuca but never had it in ring form. Always order extra....trust me. Cuban sandwich is authentic. Don't listen to that other guy. My cousin would have made a scene if it wasn't and since he was pleased I was saved the embarrassment... Ropa vieja is to die for. I will come here and recommend it to anyone and everyone. Music is great...atmosphere is great. Bartenders are friendly and as helpful as can be. If you're waiting more than a couple minutes for a drink it's because it's packed because it's so good. Oh and the owner is usually there and is an awesome guy. If he's around he will personally greet you and might even give you a round on the house. One of the best restaurants on Long Island.
Went here Sunday with friends, top to bottom everything was great.  Awesome service great flavors, Split some great apps and the Skirt Steak and Paella.  The Tamarind mojito's were insane had to have two. We then got talked into the dessert Empanadas, holy smokes they were outstanding.  Great new spot and will definatley be going back
WOW!!! What a pleasant surprise.  I am a certified food handler and this place was clean; spotless. The food was great.  Our server was Jade who also served as bartender this morning; and she was exceptional.  Don't miss the appetizer sampler.or the empanadas. We cant wait to go back for dinner with friends. As good as it gets doesn't say enough.
For starters I am Cuban,  now that I got that out of the way lol I was really excited to try this place. Went there after Valentines, got there, staff was friendly. Ordered an appetizer bacalaitos didn't have much flavor but had guacamole on them which to me really didn't go together and made them salty. They were very oily too. My rice a la cazuela was very seasoned. The plates were very colorful and overly decorated trying to be too fancy. It wasn't Cuban enough for me. I was disappointed by that. The place is nice but I was not impressed with the food.
Gonna start off with a 5 for Frankie the bartender's margarita! Best one on our barrier island. As a vegetarian I only sampled the sauteed broccoli (the appearance of a little yellow on the flowers got me worried but the taste saved the day) & steamed yucca. Both were tasty. My friend ordered the cuban, shredded flank steak with green rice and was enamored. She is a small girl & left nothing on her plate. We need some good restaurants back & I look forward to the live music on the weekends. A winter cold has this on my to-do list. Welcome to the neighborhood & I hope your "storm" door has arrived. The seating was nice but right inline with the front door was a bit drafty.
Very bad experience.  Was excited to try this new place but was quickly put off by the inability for them to find us a table in a nearly empty restaurant.  They changed our seat 2x because of reservations before they finally were happy sitting us at a less than ideal location next to the stairs stuffed in the corner.  Then when I tried to order the first chicken dish listed on the menu the waiter was extremely adamant that I change my order to a different dish that he claimed was "very similar" but the description did not back up his claim.  I ordered my first dish despite his reluctance to allow me to order it and I tried to get the Cesar salad on the side instead of the house salad which even after I said I would pay more still seemed like am impossible task.  The food arrived and I was disappointed that I was paying 19$  for 1 flattened chicken breasts that was cut in half and LITERALLY a handful of lettuce with Cesar dressing on it (the dish was listed on the menu at $15.95 so I guess the spoon full of Cesar dressing cost me $3).  The entire meal still left a ridiculous amount of open space on the plate, I really wish I had taken a photo.  My dates dinner went much more smoothly than mine besides the fact that they left the red onions on that were clearly asked to be 86ed. The size of her chicken sandwich looked good however it was mostly bread.  On my way out I bumped into friends that had just ordered food at the bar and I wished them luck that their experience was better than ours.  I have yet to hear from them about their experience.  I do not think I will be giving this little place another shot.
