Today I discovered that thai food is awesome! Such a cute lil spot with friendly staff. The food was really effin good. I drank a thai iced tea and ordered the pineapple thai duck dish. Very unique flavors and surprisingly a very pretty presentation. I am definitely coming back. Thank u!
I will start by saying that the food is absolutely delicious. I would give it five stars BUT the service isn't great (borderline rude) and the restaurant is way to small and crammed. Very hectic in there. I live nearby and because it's so good I don't mind waiting sometimes over an hour for delivery or walking over a few blocks. Beware, the person who takes the orders will ask if you can just come pick up the food yourself (more than one occasion). However, after trying to eat in the actual restaurants for a pretty important dinner I was disappointed and have kind of turned away from the restaurant. They don't take reservations so I went a  bit early (half hour) to see if I could get a table for a semi important dinner. I understand that they were busy but I waited about 15 min, then when I said I would like a table for four the person who was helping me looked around and told me that I had to wait for people to finish eating and maybe I could wait about an hour. Then because the restaurant is so crammed I was practically standing on someones table even though I was by the door so he said that I could maybe wait outside. Then finally after about a half hour I went in (it was starting to rain) and asked how the table was going and he said that it would be about 45 minutes because I had a "big party" - meaning not two people and that it would be hard to fit us that maybe I'd like to come back another day. Their food might be delicious and I really recommend the basil chicken rice, chili fish and shrimp lemongrass soup BUT do takeout only and have a lot of time on your hands if you opt for delivery (and they agree). Prices are decent. It's a shame that service is the sole purpose that this rating is so low - the food and portions are great for the price. I just feel that it's a small restaurant and they get overwhelmed because the food is great so they have a lot of customers. (Take out is a bit hard to convey at times also and the menu has been taken off of their site, so you need a menu from the restaurant). I suggest if you do go, go on an off time.
Best Thai food I've ever had anywhere. The papaya salad there is the best version of that salad I've ever had, they added shredded beets to the salad itself as well as a few hearts of romaine in there, gave a really good balance to the salad as a whole.
Simply Great all around. Great Food, prices, service, chef, hostess, bartenders, and manager. Needless to say we love this place.
Oh no, I have to look for a new Thai place after enjoying Chaba for 4 years!  I think, there was a change of ownership because when we came on Friday evening, they no longer had drinks, it's BYOB.  The portions have gotten smaller. Our favorite appetizer, beef satay, tasted kind of sour.  The green curry was rather watery, clearly, not enough coconut milk added to make it thicker.  The chicken with broccoli order had maybe 6 pieces of chicken in it and the rest was overcooked vegetables.  The pad thai was much sweeter than usual.  I am sad :-(
Went on a Thursday but called ahead; super happy we did because they don't have the most space there. The food was pretty good but for the portion sizes it seemed a bit pricey.
I always rave about this place and how genuinely great the food is. I had the Thai spring rolls which were great and fresh. My actual meal that I order all the time Veggie fried rice wasn't as good as it use to be unfortunately. it was a little dry
Not to much by the ways of Thai food in Long beach...shocking, I know anywho, I had a few minutes to kill, and I've been in the mood for pad thai for a while so I swung by.  The noodles were well flavored - and I got there in time for the lunch special - the menu is pretty extensive, so there's a lot to choose from, which is sweet - they also have a lot of daily specials. so the lunch special was 8.95 or 7.95 for the lunch selection I got, I chose pad thai with shrimp, and salad (you can get soup also).  The soup was excellent - i love that spicy kinda veggie soup that doesn't burn my throat when I drink it.  The noodles weren't smushy and nasty clumpy - although next time I'm probably going to opt for the chicken - the shrimp was well seasoned, it just didn't do it for me. Its small, and cutely (yea thats a word) decorated.  I also think its great that there was a table of four UPS fellas that clearly eat there every day - they were charging their phone behind the counter and joking around - I always feel like any place that has a loyal following, or people willing to eat there by themselves (me and some other dude) has to be good. whats even more exciting is a german brat house is opening right next door...to this place and my burrito spot. yahtze!
"If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with." Sums up my attitude about Cha ba. Not the best Thai, but the def. best Thai around here.   Love the Nua Yang and the Basil Roll appetizers. Duck salad is very flavorful (although a little skimpy on the duck).  The lemongrass salad with squid is really good. The Tom Yum Goong soup is one of my favorite hangover cures, nice and spicy.  Average Pad Thai.  All of the entrees I've tried are good, none of them were mind-blowing.   Again, not the best Thai you'll ever eat, but given the alternatives, it gets the job done.
A nice place to eat in Long Beach. (I'd like to say 3.5 stars for my 1st visit but no option for that.) The place was clean but small. Staff VERY PLEASANT AND CHEERFUL A+ for that. I thoroughly enjoyed my entree (pineapple duck curry) just the right spice and very filling. My bf did not enjoy his entree very much and I did not find it as appetizing as we hoped. (Crawfish? Or prawn heads? in the dish reminiscent of alien flying cockroach). Basil fried rice on the dry side(drier than usual and needs more basil) maybe I just like a lot of basil. Cocktails are made with Sake and are not strong, but refreshing nonetheless.
Loved the food and service.  They were full house and still managed to give excellent service.  Will definitely be back
Look. I came here for a good Thai meal. I absolutely love Thai food as its the perfect fusion of Asian/Indian flavors. Let me take you through my meal at Cha Ba Thai. Appetizer - Calamari. Possibly one of the best calamaris I've ever had. Get it. Incredible. Perfectly crispy and the sauce is on point. Entree - I had the Pad Se-Ew with chicken, which is flat rice noodles with basil, bell pepper, onions.  Overall I'd say it was okay, not the best I've had but I was expecting a lot better because the waiter said it was his favorite. It tasted too sweet and they used a little too much sauce. I asked for it to be spicy. They delivered on that. Entree - My gf had the Veggie Pad Thai. She said it tasted a little odd, so I tried it and immediately I knew that the peanuts were burnt. That completely ruined the dish. Other than the peanuts being burnt, it tasted pleasant. Dessert - Fried Ice Cream. Okay. Presentation 5 stars. This dish came out flaming, literally, it looked awesome. Unfortunately by the time I could get my phone out the flame died out. Now taste, eh. Honestly I've had better. The fried ice cream tasted like it just came out of the freezer, the "fried" part too. Other places just do it better. If you want an epic fried ice cream check out Osaka in Lynbrook. Verdict: would I go again? Yes. Ambience was nice. Appetizer was seriously the best I've ever had. I'll give their entrees another shot and I'll probably skip on dessert. I'd recommend but I can't give more than 3 stars because only 1 dish wow'd me.
Came here with a couple friends of mine. Super small but cute place, nice amount of options on the menu. Thai is one of my favorite kind of foods so I'm always down to try new places. Despite being small and a Friday night we got seated right away... We got edamame to start with and I got the spicy noodles dish (vegatable) I thought it was delicious and ate the whole thing :) The service was good, food came out in good timing. I would definitely go back if I went to LB for dinner
Ate here the other night and it was good.  It didnt blow me away like some other thai places ive eaten, but I will def. be back.  I got the duck salad which was really good.  I liked the mix of flavors in it (pinapple, apple, red onion, tomato, chili paste).  The duck was good, very crispy- actually reminded me a lot of crispy pork belly.  Some pieces had a little fat on it (hello, its duck), but no issue here with chewiness.  It had a little spicy kick to it.  My only issue here is that it was a little overdressed. For my entre I got the red curry with shrimp.  This was good too.  It was spicy, maybe too spicy for some, maybe not spicy enough for others.  I thought it was a good amount of spice, although I prob could have went up another level or two before being very uncomfortable.  You could def taste the coconut milk in it.  Normally I'm not THAT into coconut, but in currys when other spices are in it, I love it.   I say if you are in the area or know someone who lives close by, go for it.  I would not say to travel tons of miles for it as there are other thai places on LI/Queens that are awesome too.  I will be back for the salad and to try the other currys.
I went here with DPG and TStew for dinner here last week and it was amazing!  I had the Mee Krob, which is crispy noodles with tofu, shrimp, scallions, and a special sauce and it was A-Mazing!  I also had really good sticky rice and a pretty decent Thai Tea.  TStew had some sort of seafood salad and something else I can't remember and DPG had this really great shrimp/prawn dish that she loved.  She also had really tasty coconut juice.  TStew says she goes here all the time and it's her favorite - I can see why!  Next time I'm back in Long Beach I'm definitely heading here.
Regular Thai food, nothing bad nor spectacular. The service was pretty awful, though. We didn't have to wait to be seated but we had to wait 20 minutes for a menu and water.  When we did get their attention, there was no apology, just slapped em down and rushed right away. It's not a huge place, they could have made me feel more welcome.
We ordered dinner to-go, and the service was friendly and SO quick! Our curry was delicious, our pad-thai was average. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice, clean, and engaging. If it weren't for our time crunch, we wouldn't have minded eating there at all. Overall: very decently priced and delicious.
Great Thai place located right in the middle of Long Beach. Trendy decor, friendly service, large menu with good prices and a good assortment of beverages. Appetizer: fried tofu, just as it sounds Entree: drunken noodles very good not as spicy as the menu said it would be but you can always request it spicier. Desert: Sticky rice with ice cream was delish. Beverages: Thai ice tea $3.00 for a large ice coffee laced with Kahlua. Great place I can't wait to go back again and try something else.
I've eaten at Cha Ba many times (5+) The best thing on the menu is Pad Thai, which has been shrinking in size over the last 2 years.  It is delicious! I really love Tom Yan Goon soup in general, but unfortunately Cha Ba's soup is mediocre at best.  I would avoid it here. The curry doesn't have much flavor, and turns into a paste if left out too long.  The chicken is dry. Service is given by waiters who don't speak much english and who can't make up for the mediocre food. Prices are ridiculously high for the quality that you get.
Good service to go with decent food makes this place a repeat occurrence. The soup and veggie dumplings here are delicious & I'm a fan of the red curry.
If you're looking for Thai in Long Beach, you're going to want to be @ Cha Ba Thai.  The entrees are fresh, flavorful and works of art! I love the Thai Basil Fried Rice, Thai Basil Duck, Thai Basil Garden (vegetarian), and Tuna Panang.  My hubby and friends love their noodles most and I can say from picking of their plates, Cha Ba does each dish superbly! Aside from the food, the staff is so friendly and the decor is modern and clean.  It's probably one of the nicest looking, small, restaurants in Long Beach!
This place won't blow your mind, but its worth 4 stars as they do everything very well. Food is good, service is friendly and we were served quickly. The decor was a little cliche Thai restaurant but the place was clean so I'll let that slide. I hope to eat here again, mainly because that means I'll be at the beach.
Great food & service   Tom ka ga soup is delicious and my fav is the beef thai salad
We were all hanging Saturday night in Long Beach where my friend Kimmie S. lives, and because some of us had to take a train there that afternoon, we did not have time to eat dinner prior to arriving into Long Beach. Having said that, we decided to get delivery thai food...which sounded like the perfect thing prior to going out partying later that night. So we ordered our food...and for some reason that night, seemed to take forever for the delivery.  Points off for taking 1.5 hours. Now...the food.  We ordered these prawns in a blanket (deep fried)...and they were simply AMAZING.  Crispy...deep fried...deliciousness! For my entree, I shared a tamarind duck dish with my friends...and I must say that it was very good.  What confused me a bit though is the fact that it was noted as hot and spicy...when in fact it was not.  Minor detail...just felt a bit misinformed by the menu.  Then again...who cares?  My other friends who tried this dish were equally impressed. My friend Dorian opted for the chicken sauteed with Chinese broccoli, which I thought was quite good....I just wish that was spicier too. The dud of the evening?  Against my friend Kimmie's recommendation, my other friend ordered the pad thai.  Now, I did not try it myself, but from the feedback...this was a fail...subpar from the comments. Hit or miss it seems like...and wish I could give it a 4 star, given that my dishes were good.  Alas...I may have to try again to have further conclusions!
Considering that this place is on Long Island and tastes almost as good as the Thai places in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens, I am impressed... and it doesn't cost much more either. Excellent red and green curry dishes. The pad thai and other dishes could have a little more going on (more ingredients). One complaint is that they give you a ridiculously tiny amount of white rice with take-out entrees.
Very small restaurant with cute decor, good service, and yummy food! I always find myself coming here on the weekends- usually no wait try the pad thai, string beans (usually I add shrimp), thai iced tea!
The food here is comparable to some Thai places I've frequented in Queens/Manhattan, so it's nice that this small spot is available to Long Beach locals as well as the tourists the beach attracts. This place is great for a quick bite or a full on dinner; spring rolls and Nua Yang (BBQ beef with Thai dressing) are nice apps, the salads are plentiful, my faves are the Avocado Salad and Duck Salad.  Speaking of duck, the Vegetarian Duck is so delicious, I kept asking my brother if he ordered real duck, we had it with the Spicy Eggplant.  The various curries are also a hit with my bro, I'm a fan of the Pineapple Fried Rice.  Oddly enough, the Pad Thai is just okay. My little one loves staring at the fountain display, which gives the place a calming ambience; the staff is unpretentious and always accommodating, even when the place is full.  They almost always know our "usual-to-go" order as we walk in for a pick up: two Pad Se Ews - we have tried every version and are partial to the Chicken and Tofu (my 7 year old's favorite).  Our order includes a few Thai Iced Teas and Thai iced Coffees (also great), we take a short walk and enjoy our food as we sit on a bench on the boardwalk and watch the waves crash.
Some of the best Panang curry I have ever tasted!  Calamari was perfect also.  Very happy we decided to stop in
Thai is my favorite cuisine. I ordered the Panang Curry with pork, spicy, to go. The sauce was fantastic but not spicy enough. The waiter was nice but didn't speak much English. The pork was dry but the green beans were perfectly crunchy. Yes, I have many criticisms, but I give 4 stars b/c the sauce was great, the location is fabulous, and the price was right.
I think the other night was a fluke. I went back because the food was good and this time there were no problems and the food was outstanding! The owner remembered me from the pineapple debacle and apologized again and put a few appetizers in my take-out bag, which was not necessary, but a very nice and much appreciated gesture.
I really like their pad thai (a little drier than most) and chicken with chinese broccoli. Prices are typical...a little overpriced for long beach
Cha Ba is always consistent. We have had take out from them and have eaten there many times. The servers are polite.  the food, when getting delivery, arrives hot and in decent time. I usually get their noodle dishes.  Also, their Thai Basil fried rice is awesome. Great Thai food in Long beach! Possibly the only Thai place in Long Beach, but at least it is good!
Food at Chaba = artistry on a plate and in my mouth! And in my book, winner of the best bathroom I have ever seen! Okay, before I'm carted off to the local asylum, let me reassure you that I have not lost my mind. And to prove it, let me move on to describing the food. My friend and I chose this place after a long day at Long Beach because she loves Thai food and I haven't had Thai food in a long time. After a wait of five minutes- not long at all- we were seated and wow, this restaurant is small but beautifully decorated with candlelight and three large pictures of the Hibiscus flower, which is Chaba in Thai. What I loved was that the theme and décor of restaurant was clearly dedicated to the Chaba, with the servers donning shirts with flowery designs and soft pastel colors that go with the pictures, and soft lighting giving everything a warm glow. I order the sautéed garlic sauce entrée with beef and when the food arrived....wow again... the food was beautifully and artistically plated, first feeding my eyes before feeding my tummy. I instantly regretted not bringing my camera to capture this work of art, but any thoughts of photography and cameras faded away as I placed the first forkful of food in my mouth (okay, the first chopsticksful). Mmmmmmm....... Out-of-body food experience. The garlic sauce tasted absolutely perfect without any strange, pungent aftertaste and the beef/mushrooms were delectable.  I slowly and carefully polished off my plate and seriously, seriously, contemplated getting a SECOND entrée, until the phrase "food addicts anonymous" crossed my mind. My friend ordered a dish with coconut milk, and she was beside herself with food delight as well, actually asking our friendly waiter if they had a branch in the city, and when he responded in the negative, she plaintively asked him, "why not??!!" I also mentally groaned with disappointment. To elaborate slightly on my best bathroom mention, not only was special care was taken to the design of the restaurant, but also the bathroom. Even the plants in there were carefully arranged. Chaba: A flower. But Chaba on Long Island: a small cozy location where every detail is beautifully designed, right down to the bathroom, including the design of an ambience conducive to multiple foodgasms- a great bonding experience for two hungry friends and an excuse to return with a camera and an empty belly!
Although I haven't eaten inside this restaurant, it does have a fun, hip vibe to it. The ingreedients are fresh and when it is warmer out, I would definitely eat here just to enjoy the pops of color. I love the Green Curry here as that is my favorite thai dish. We have always had take out here and it is prepared quickly! This is a great place to come to after getting off the train and heading home.
One of my favorite restaurants!  It's very small but has cute, calming, modern decor - the bathroom is even pretty.  The servers are really sweet and attentive, and the food is so good.  I'm obsessed with the amazing rama (a vegetarian dish with crispy tofu, a perfectly cooked melange of veggies, an amazing peanut sauce, and jasmine rice).  There are lots of vegetarian options, which is great.  The lychee juice, avocado salad, and red bean ice cream are all delicious.  Make sure to ask for the hot sauce they bring you in a little pot - so good.
Definitely my favorite Thai place. The food is always fresh and always looks and tastes great. I'm a vegetarian and they offer a "vegetarian duck" option instead of the same ole tofu in any dish. I love it! It's a small place so you can't bring a giant group - but they do well with the space. They make it look cute in there and the workers are very nice. Not expensive- average for Thai. Love this place
My review is for the chicken pad see eww that i got when my friends and I got food delivered from this place. I was shocked at how soon our food got to the door. The pad see eww got i got here was the best i have ever had..it wasn't super greasy and the food was packaged in plastic containers that looked small, but the portion in them is very large. I was stuffed halfway through. The price for the food is pretty moderate.
This place has always come through when I'm in the mood for Thai. I wish some of the items on the menu were spiced more aggressively, but I understand they have to cater to everyones tastes. Overall this place is a thumbs up.
The food ranges from average to above average. The decor is really cute. The spicy food is very very spicy, so make sire you tell them how much spice you want because they never ask.
Very good food. I prefer to get take out, as the dining room is small and gets chaotic easily.  Delivery is fast and I've never had any issues.  The Spicy Eggplant dish is one of my favorites and portions are really generous.  Long Beach needs more ethnic places like this!
Very good food. I prefer to get take out, as the dining room is small and gets chaotic easily.  Delivery is fast and I've never had any issues.  The Spicy Eggplant dish is one of my favorites and portions are really generous.  Long Beach needs more ethnic places like this!
Great food, sweet staff, TOO SMALL!!! They will work with me and my gluten allergy which is great. Food is fresh and consistent. Not at all snotty like Simply Thai in RVC. Nice decor too. Great pad thai!
Can't believe I haven't eaten here sooner. Lots of vegetarian options, perfectly spicy noodles, different but delicious vegetable dumplings, veg duck was A++. Surprisingly good booze selection too (beer/wine), I would definitely come back. Wish they delivered to Oceanside though :(
We do the take out or delivery from here - It's good stuff.  Everything is rather classic.  We liked the Khao Soi and the Papaya Salad.  Delivery is prompt and portions are great.
As far as Thai goes on L.I. this is one of the more decent places that I have tried, I'm not a true Thai expert but I have found that their dishes here live up to what I have had a more well know NYC spots. The atmosphere here is that of a tiny galley style restaurant that's nicely dim with candle and soft lighting, has a very clean cut simple vibe to the location and tends to be busy on most nights. The presentation of the Mussman curry was really nice served in a small copper cauldron to help keep it warm, it was a nice presentation touch. As far as spice is concerned I did ask for it hot, and got it more to medium, that's ok though it still had plenty of kick. Decent spot for a date or just to get away from the norm.
Probably the best Thai food in long beach. The staff is awesome and the food is even better. Red snapper good, yellow curry good, peanut chicken good and flat noodles with broccoli and chicken good. Small place but to counter that it is clean and appealing to the eye. Give it a try
I'm always looking for a great Thai restaurant... and i found one. Every dish is distinct. Pad Thai to die for- and its served with Lemon instead of the common Lime. Excellent drinks and Thai Iced Tea is served in a huge glass and is sweet and delicious. The decor is cozy. The drink menu is fun and fresh. Leave room for the mango and sticky rice dessert.
The food was delish, and I'm usually not a fan of Thai food. It's a small cozy place which will sometimes have you waiting long to sit down (20+ mins) but I thought it was worth it.
This place is very good!!  it's a very small place..good for casual night dinner.  The pad woon sen with chicken is my favorite!!  thai dumplings are great!  satay is also very good. i love the saki sampler!!  Prices are also good.  The wait staff is always nice.  i totally recommend this place!
Excellent service, very reasonable prices and great thai food! Thai dumpling appetizer was delicious. The Panang Curry (with chicken) was tasty and kept me perspiring. The water service proved necessary. The Cha Ba duck was also well made, could have used a bit more heat though. Fried banana with honey sauce and we were well fed and content. Definitely going back
I am vegetarian and it is my favorite!  They actually took a reservation too! Food is so fresh, veggies done to perfection and the chiiiean sea bass fantastic. Always look forward to going there.
For a small/affordable beach restaurant, this place is pretty damned good. I live in long beach and either dine in or have delivery often. Just be careful about spiciness. If you claim you want something "extra spicy" they will consider that a challenge. Best way to order is to each pick something and eat family style. You will have leftovers and it will cost $10-$15 per meal.
Delicious Thai food, we always do carry-out or delivery from here, and it is top notch EVERY time. The spicy noodle, red curry, panang curry, spring rolls, Tod-mun, fried rice, and pad thai, everything is delicious. Reasonable priced, and quick service.
Chaba is great.  The vegetarian options are great.  This is a great Thai place.  The service is always great and the food is consistently awesome.  Highly recommend
A small quiet spot that has great food at affordable prices. The curry is hot and the Thai Tea sweet. Together they make this little restaurant a gem of Long Beach.
Good food ,good service on a small intimate place. Great place to go while waiting for the Lirr
One of my favorite places in Long Beach.  LOVE Chaba    I never had a bad meal here.  The spicy noodle with chicken - amazing.
i mean its not bad but only okay.... passable. id try it again but wouldnt get the steak app... the curry or the thai pan.... eh...  :(
Great food.  The yellow curry w seafood had a great flavor and was loaded with seafood.
Great little spot always good fast service a little tight dining area but a real gem
The best Thai food around! Everything is good, but the vegetable dumplings are a particularly good appetizer, and the Pla Lad Prig is a phenomenal entree! Get it as red snapper, it's my favorite as whole fish, but it is also offered as a filet. The one down side is that it is a small restaurant, but the service is very good. The waiters will even remember you if you are a repeat customer, even though they are usually pretty busy.
we order from this place every couple of months and order whole red snapper in garlic/pepper sauce..not bad and better than most places that usually serve fillet fish only..we like whole fish only..the fried rice with shrimp is tasty but pricey compared to chinese fried rice...heres a hint for you guys..order take out from ginos pizza and tell chaba to pick it up and deliver it for you..no xtra charge but i throw in xtra tip
Not great but not terrible.  I spent a month traveling through Thailand and this does not even come close to actual Thai food, but for American Thai, its not bad.  Its also not great.  Their curries are pretty good but the pad thai is the worst I've ever had.  Its good if you are in Long Beach and in the mood for Thai, but its nothing special.  That said, I'll probably come again next time I'm wanting a red curry.
