What brought us here for a post-beach meal was our Long Beach LIRR Getaway Package brochure advertising half priced drinks and appetizers. When we walked in at around 4:45pm, it was still empty and we were greeted by a very attentive man which I assumed was the owner. We were seated in a booth and were very taken care of. We came in on a Tuesday where they had a 1 1/4 lb lobster special for $19, buy one get one free of wine and house drinks (with "off the rack" liquor), and $2 chicken meatball sliders. Now regarding these specials, I would have preferred that these specials would be clearly stated at the front of the restaurant or when we were seated. We had to ask about them with our server, and if we didn't I'm not sure we would have known about them. The drink specials which were supposed to be only at the bar were extended to us being that our "backs were facing the bar" which was nice. I had a Manhattan-Tini and a Scorpion Bowl. I'd definitely recommend the latter, and both were potent. With the food: the chicken meatball sliders were really good (worth the $2 a pop), the chicken dumplings were good tho the sauce reminded us of ramen noodles. They were really nice to split the entrees on to two plates to share. The gnocchi was really delicious and spicy (for those spice lovers out there). Overall this was a great choice for dinner. I wish they were clearer on what was offered for their happy hour special. The food was a bit more pricer than we anticipated before going in but they were nice to split the entrees on to two separate dishes to share. The owner was really friendly, attentive, and accommodating. This is a great place to stop in as a post-beach meal.
I've been here twice--one with my friend in late winter/early spring, and I liked it so much I came back two weeks ago with my parents for my birthday.  It was recommended to us by a friend, and we decided to try it out. Long Beach was ravaged by Hurricane Sandy, and we were the only table in the restaurant, which we had no problem with.  They were so incredibly thankful to have us there.  They thanked us numerous times for supporting their restaurant and their city.  We each ordered a glass of wine, and our server topped us off a few times without charge just because they were happy to have us.  The real reason I came back was the food.  It was excellent!  I had short ribs that were incredibly tender and super flavorful.  Honestly, I can't remember what my friend had because I was so into my dish, haha!  We had a fantastic dessert--it was the house dessert, it was a big baked chocolate chip cookie that came out in the pan.  Gooey, warm, and tasty, topped with ice cream.  Amazing!  The chef even came out to say hello!   The items aren't super cheap, but that's because the quality of the food, the attention to detail with plating, and the creativity in designing the menu.  This is all very unusual on Long Island.  There are very few restaurants here that aren't cheap and crappy, or good and crazy expensive.  I was equally as impressed when I went with my parents.  We had lamb, scallops, short ribs for entrees, calamari and stuffed figs for appetizers, and the same dessert as last time.  The service each time was spectacular.  I'm in the restaurant industry, and I'm always critical about service.  Our waiter the first time and our waitress the second time were attentive, well-spoken, knowledgeable about the menu and wine choices.  I'd recommend it to anyone!
I'm tempted to give zero stars, but it's not fair to the people (including the owner to some respect) employed here. This is easily the most objectionable restaurant I have ever eaten in. Every aspect of the restaurant lacks taste: the decorum, the food, the menu concept, the pricepoint. A cozy beachside restaurant with a black and red color scheme, really? The furnishings and lighting are reminiscent of what you would find in the clearance section of eastern european TJ Maxx circa 1989. A makeshift "sushi bar" erected in the foyer is about as legitimate as the frozen food sample counter at Trader Joe's. The menu concept is as dated and confused as the interior design. The menu offers ridiculously overpriced "fusion dishes" with some of the most elaborately tacky presentations I have ever laid eyes on. The only items that seem appetizing are the burgers and pizzas, but you can't order them Thursday-Saturday night because the owner is greedily forcing customers to order only entree items over $20 (I've worked in restaurants for over a decade and this is the most shameless con to date). I ordered Parmesan crusted chicken that was about as dry as Clark Griswold's Christmas turkey. My side dishes included watery macaroni and cheese--swiming in viscous alfredo-like sauce--that could have been better executed in a college dorm room. The "stir fry vegetables" were actually inedible because one of the cardinal rules of cooking were violated: sauteing vegetables pickled in vinegar (store bought pickled artichoke hearts to be exact). My companions had complaints ranging from a lamb dish that tasted like it had been cooked as many times as George Hamilton and glazed with simple syrup, and a chopped salad that was actually food processed to the texture of baba ganoush. It's a shame to see pleasant and hardworking people toiling in a restaurant that Gordon Ramsey's production company could conceivably invest an entire season of Kitchen Nightmares to.
I think when you assess a place it should be judged against its general price point, cuisine and drink quality, dining experience and how you feel when you walk out of the  place at the end. I have been to Sugo Cafe 5 times since 2009 each time when visiting Long Beach from Manhattan in the Summer. Every time I have walked out the place along with the people I have been with at the time we have had smiles on our faces and been completely satisfied with the entire experience. The very first time I went there on 4th of July 2009, the owners made me feel thoroughly welcome and the servers and the bartender where i sat were clearly both well trained but also just generally fun people. They gave out free samples of food and drink in addition to what I ordered all of which was elite level food. Now in every subsequent visit, the owners have remembered me (and this is always a shock given I don't live in the area, am hardly a regular often being a year between visits and am seemingly treated the same way they treat all their patrons). The first time I came back they even remembered where I sat and what I ordered. Their extensive range of cocktails is excellent, their range pizzas and hot dogs are sublime and have an array of seafood and other small and large plate items. The worst item I had there was still very good. I will always pay a visit there each time I go to Long Beach and I hope they stay in business continually so that is possible
If I could, I'd give Sugo 3.5 stars. It's better than average, but still kinda disappointing. Pros: -food quality is better than other places around. -nice wines by the glass -good live music -varied menu* Cons: -everyone working here seems to be rushing. You can definitely tell this isn't a well-oiled machine. If the servers and busboys are bouncing around, that impacts your dining experience. -our server had a major attitude. Basically ignored us for the first 15 minutes and then walked up to our table and looked at us as if we should just start talking. He wasn't welcoming at all, not friendly and seemed to miss the memo on good hospitality equaling a good experience. -food presentation was not impressive. As other reviewers stated, if you are going to charge me $28+ for an entree in Long Beach, a) it better taste amazing and b) it better look appealing.  Both entrees my friend and I ordered looked like they were slopped on the plate in a cafeteria line. -while it may be a "pro" that the menu is varied, it also works against the restaurant. Regular menu plus specials means the kitchen is prepped to make 20+ different entrees. Are they all going to be knocked out of the park? Nope. I realize I may be overly expectant, but for most of us who dine out frequently in Manhattan and surrounding areas, you better make excellent food, because you're not the only place in town. Bottom line: definitely different and promising, but Sugo needs to up their game if they want excellent reviews.
Delicious!  I went here for my boyfriends brothers birthday with his family and we each ordered something different.   We started with salads, and the chicken meat balls, both excellent.  For the entree I had the halibut crusted with cheese, and it was on a pumpkin rossoto. The other entrees on the table were the duck,  calamari over pasta, salmon over mashed potatoe,  and brick oven pizza.  Everything was really excellent.  One thing more delcious than the next. The Tiramiso and pumpkin pie, were very good.
If you like places with variety, you will be thrilled with Sugo Cafe.  You can vastly overpay for food, you can select items that are pretty good deals, you can have 'fast food' like tacos, hot dogs, buffalo wings or you can go a bit more upscale and pick off of their regular menu. To call this place schizophrenic would be an understatement, but for some reason I like that.  I won't write about the decor/ambiance but I agree with pretty much everything posted.   However, service is always good and the owner has been present and active all 3 times I've been here.   TRY. THE. BLACKENED. FISH. TACOS.  Better yet, get two ($9).  Pulled pork are also very good.  They have a menu of about a dozen different kinds of hot dogs.  I decided to get the "Ya Mon" dog, which I was warned about being very spicy.  It had some very delicious scotch bonnet pepper sauce and was absolutely delicious.  As an audible, the owner asked me if I wanted jerk chicken on top just before serving it to me - I did and it was delicious. Really everything I've had here has been pretty darn good.  The only exception being the habanero buffalo wings, which were tasty but should be explained a bit better on the menu.  To me, ordering anything flavored w/ habanero peppers should be very spicy.  These were not even close, but were decently flavored.  Additionally, the chicken wings were tiny and didn't have much meat on them. The BEST thing you can get here is the "cookie".  It's a dessert item, obviously, and it essentially a gooey, hot cookie/brownie with ice cream on top.  I won't even be able to do it justice by describing it, but just know I'm contemplating going back for it on a weekly basis.  It's incredible and a perfect cap to a great meal.   I'm still not sure what Sugo wants to be when it grows up, but I'll be there often enough to track its progress.
I've been here a few times and it's always a treat! Definitely one of the best and most inventive restaurants in Long Beach. The reason its docked a star is because there is strangely nothing on the menu I ever want to order.  I feel like the descriptions could be better or more enticing.  "Baked Salmon", "Braised Meat" and "Meatballs and Linguini" could use a little punch.  However, everything I end up ordering is always delicious! Particularly notable - the calamari, the braised ribs, the stuffed cabbage appetizer.  The goat cheese pizza is also good - not as knock your socks off, but definitely great. The service is varied, but generally decent.  Cool and chic atmosphere.  A Long Beach gem.
I went to Sugo's the past two weekends with my girlfriends. The atmosphere was great than any other place in Long Beach. I felt like I was in Soho. The food was outstanding and my server Gina and Tony was very attentive and pleasant. I would highly recommend the chicken meatballs, whole fish, Leo's avocado pizza and the Sugo chopped salad. The portions are perfect if you're into portion control and want to life a healthy life. I am totally hooked - can't wait to go back. Actually, one of my girlfriends decided to have her bridal shower there because of the atmosphere, food and service. Very cozy! Great place to take a date.
Mmmmm, oooooo, wow, yummy is all I heard through out my dinner from other people. Once I got my food that's all I kept on saying myself. The food from the opening complementary baked cheese bread to the final desert was all SO amazing. For starters I had the house salad with mixed greens, cherry tomatoes, capers and artichoke topped with their home made salad dressing, was delicious and I'm not your typical salad eater, actually I'm not a salad eater at all and I would go for this salad again. Dinner I had the Brick Oven Roasted Bronzini with black bean sauce with veg. lo mien. This is a whole roasted fish which melted in my mouth. This dish was perfectly cooked, not too salty and it did not need any additional spices, etc... Desert I had the tiramasu which was soft and moist all through out. Service was excellent between the bus boys to the waiters. Given how busy it was here it seemed we were the only ones there, full attention to us. Owner was very friendly and he even offered me part of his dinner which he will be putting on his menu next week. I love it here and will come back soon.
"Italian Food with an Urban Edge" is how this restaurant describes itself. While I'm not sure if that's completely accurate, I can't complain about my experience here. The menu has a range of different cuisines, but one thing to note is that Sugo also has a "to-go" taco window. So when we all ordered tacos (a group of 7 of us) we all received individual tacos in paper holders. My pulled pork tacos were out of this world, but it was weird that they did't come together on a regular plate. 2 tacos for $9 isn't bad, however the rest of the menu items do seem a bit pricey. The sangria was awesome. I highly recommend getting a pitcher of the red. Also try their watermelon heaven and high water beer. The service was very slow, even though we were one of the only tables seated inside. We were told that there was only one guy who makes tacos and that was the reason for the wait. Now the icing on the cake, literally, was the surprise dessert that the owner gave us. 2 large chocolate chip brownie with chocolate and vanilla ice cream on top. The brownies were gooey and absolutely mouth-watering. If anything, I'll go back just for the dessert. Total bill was about $200 + tip for about 14 tacos, a sandwich and ~10 drinks.
Very surprised the place looks so tiny from the outside but it opens up once you walk in.  Perfect setting for a date its romantic yet casual good ambience and crowd.  Not a bad wait on a Friday night.  Good service and great food.  Highly recommend this long beach gem.
The owner of this place really could not be more accomodating.  The way this man went out of his way to accomodate my vegan palate is definitely something worthwhile. And believe you me, the pizza he concoted for me and the salad was TO DIE FOR!  So delicious and not expensive in the least. The decor is definitely disjointed but everyone at Sugo's is happy - that surpasses the decor in my book! Awesome place!
We went to SUGO last night for dinner and it was Awesome! I had the pistachio crusted lamb chops and she had the scallops. Everything was great and cooked perfectly. The waitress was attentive and very nice along with the rest of the staff! We have always loved SUGO! Can't wait to go back!
I look forward to hitting Long Beach every weekend, mainly because I enjoy Sugo so much. Great special dishes every time. Excellent food with varied selections. One weekend a band, next weekend sushi...the next? Who knows. This place knows how to entertain and deliver a great meal. The owner is a great guy. He recognizes me whenever I head there for dinner and takes the time out to talk about the menu and life in general. Highly recommend this place. The best food in Long Beach.
I hesitated to come here for years because I found their menu to be too vague...was it Italian? American? Jamaican? Oddly enough, my 9 year old niece saw the sign that said "hot dogs and tacos" and dragged me in!  We were given a menu of a dozen different types of hand-held treats, but decided to look over their regular menu instead.  Again, I had a hard time deciding what to get because there was very little description to each dish.  So I asked the friendly waitress and she made a few recommendations.   I was very satisfied with their chopped salad, although I would have chosen a different dressing than the bland, creamy champagne one that came with it.  My niece gobbled every bite of her Penne A La Vodka (what happened to the hotdog?) and if she were writing this review she'd give it 5 stars. The staff is all very friendly and the restaurant is dark, eclectic, and cool - leading me to give this place another try on a night out with adults!
I went to SUGO last Thursday for dinner, drinks and Drag Queen Bingo.  As always, I had a wonderful experience.  The owner and staff are friendly and attentive; and his wife makes the best drinks.  I love the diverse ever changing menu.  I had my favorite, lettuce wraps and Admiral Adams chicken (SUGO's twist on General Tso's chicken).  Last Thursday I had their classic chopped salad and rueben eggroll which was awesome. I've been going there since they opened and have never been disappointed.  They were one of a few restaurants open in Long Beach right after Sandy hit.  It was comforting to have a place to go and see some friendly familiar faces during such chaos.  Also, it was so nice that they opened their restaurant (and hearts) to the first responders.  It is so great when people give back to the community. Excellent food, drinks and atmosphere; all should definitely come check it out.  - - KK
Food excellent, portions ok and if you go on a theme night them it's fantastic because the owner makes sure your happy.  The owner is there all the time and makes sure everything is great. The food is excellent!!!!
We had to spend the night near JFK.  This place is close enough so we came here for a try. It has fairly busy on a Sunday night.  They have a 3 course prix-fixe.  Taking soup instead of a salad was $5 more.  The by the glass wine selection was not bad.  I took a fish main course. The final course was a dessert.  All in all a pretty good value.
Alan is a great guy. Always tries to please. I enjoy his recommendations. Food is good. Pleasant atmosphere. Meredith at the bar is awesome!
Last weekend I had the opportunity to experience the amazing cuisine at Sugo Cafe in Long Beach. I had heard very good reviews and needed a place to bring my family.  On a Saturday evening this place was hopping ! We were seated exactly at the time of our reservation (which may have just been luck).  I ordered the Filet Minone , it was huge and perfectly prepared. Served with mini potato and mushrooms.  It was amazing ! Possibly one of the best pieces of steak I have had, I also tried the scallops over black squid linguine, which was also very good.   The atmosphere was very nice, a little loud with the live entertainment but it was a great experience.   I will definitely be back, highly recommended.
The owner Alan was very friendly to our group of 7 as we stopped in before hitting the beach when it's Bar/Tacos only and... what a fun place! The beef brisket hit the spot. Under staffed during the afternoon but I'll be revisiting.
I love this place! As Long Beach locals, my fiance and I have dined here on numerous occasions and Sugo never disappoints. The food is tasty and the presentation is nice as well. We once ordered a fig and cheese appetizer that was so good, we had to order another one! The service is great and every time we visit, the owner is there, overseeing everything. If you are in Long Beach, it's definitely worth checking out.
Bro called to take me to long overdue birthday dinner (it was June) and I decided to try Sugo.It's been a few years since I was here and the bar has moved and there seem to be more tables. Very interesting menu, since bro if vegetarian we shared the avocado pistachio Gorgonzola and grape salad. Very tasty and unexpected with the cheese rolled around the grape and rolled in pistachio. I asked if bro could have one of the side risotto's that came with the entrees as a main and waitress said yes but he opted for the eggplant on the menu. I had the seared scallops over pasta with lobster bolognese which was a red lobster sauce. Very tasty. There were plenty of things on the menu I'd like to try. We ended with a tiramasu that was huge although not made there it was very good. Being a Wednesday it wasn't busy and the service was excellent. Will be back.
I don't often post reviews on Yelp, and when I do it is only to give recognition to great eating establishments. As someone who works in the restaurant industry, I know how damaging a poor review can be. However, my experience at Sugo tonight was such an incredible suckfest, that I have to say something. Food was surprisingly decent, considering how abysmal everything else was, but that was the only saving grace. 25 minutes for our first drinks to arrive. 25 minutes. Let's think about that... You can watch an episode of television in that time. The place wasn't even busy. We had 3 vodkas on the rocks and a glass of wine. No work required. The waiter told us, "Our bartender doesn't know how to make drinks." We had the wrong drinks brought to us, the wrong food brought to us, the waiter tried to pour a NEW glass of Cabernet into my wife's half full Pinot noir. Are you dense man? 9 bucks for a drink, and you're not even going to bring a fresh glass? They're not even the same grapes brochacho. Snotty, flamboyant waiters with bad attitudes abounded. Mid-meal, a "transvestite bingo night" kicks into full swing, with Jabba the Gut emceeing through a microphone at 125db. He (She?) even taunted our non-participatory side of the restaurant and got huffy when we didn't acknowledge him. And after all the mess-ups and painfully terrible service, we got a full-priced bill. Not even a comp'ed drink or appetizer or apology from the owner (who was present, and aware).   We shelled out big, and should have just gone to Five Guys down the street and smuggled in some flasks. Sugo = NoGo
OK now it's time to get serious...no more joking around. They say it's Italian with an urban flare.  I have absolutely no idea what that means.  But that's OK, because I don't go for their posters, descriptions, or even their cocktails.  I go for the food - which happens to be among the best on Long Island. Portion sizes are fairly small, which is great for trying a bunch of items.  Prices are reasonable throughout the menu (and even more reasonable if you go on one of the nights they offer pre-fix or half off entrees).  When I say reasonable, I mean by "fancy" restaurant standards.  You will definitely not receive a suprisingly small bill - but you will feel as though the money was well spent.  I suggest the chicken meatball appetizer.  They are consistently good, and the sauce that it's smothered in is really excellent.  The calamari, clams, and chopped salad are also great starters.  And oh yeah, did I forget to mention they do pizza also?  A perfectly crispy crust - again, great for a starter since it's fairly small...and that darn sauce goes great on pizza as well... As for the entrees, I really don't think you can go wrong.  The pastas are not that of a typical "pasta house", but if you decide to go down that road you will be pleased.  I've ordered the seafood pasta, as well as the gnocci, and they were both great.  I really think the fish dishes are what truly shine here.  I've had the salmon recently, and was shocked by how moist, and flavorfull it was.  The presentation was gorgeous, with a variety of strong, yet not overpowering sauces, painted and drizzled on the plate.  Really excellent. The atmosphere is really nice.  They've done a great job creating a lounge type feel.  The flat screens remind you though that you are indeed on Long Island still, and not in New York City - but that's OK, who really minds YES's "Center Stage" while they eat?? As I said when I started - it's time to get really serious.  This is the best restaurant in Long Beach, and you must try it...seriously.
Sugo is DELISH!!! Food is incredible! Definitely one the best restaurants in Long Beach. Sugoki is a MUST to order for desert. :)
Food here was fantastic! They have delicious mango daiquiris and the staff was extremely fun and accommodating. We sat at the bar and the bartender gave us recommendations for good places in the area and was very friendly. He also recommended good appetizers and everything we got was delicious.
Very good all around menu.
Fantastic food, the owner is always around and personable and they won my patronage after they opened up to feed first responders the night after Sandy. This business will always get my dime.
Drinks  at the bar are great for girls especially. food is not bad but too expensive for what they serve. I cook better myself at home, thats why I don't really see any reason to go there again. If Only For drinks I would give to a bar 5 stars, but food itself is not great
Good food, big portions and fine service. We went Friday (made reservations Wednesday) and the entertainment was Steve Adelson (jazz stick guitarist). It was great. I had the Cuban grouper (2 nice sized pieces in a salsa hot sauce), fried calamari.  Other great appetizers were big chopped salad grilled octopus. Other notable entrees were bouillabaisse and the seared tuna. Drinks nice sized, too.  Highly recommended.
Love this place.  Great eclectic menu.  Allen, the owner is very attentive and always takes care of his guests. Recently had the grilled octopus appy and the veal and shrimp dinner.  Wife had a skirt steak egg roll and halibut dinner.  All well-prepared and delicious.
Yums! My mother and I went here this past Saturday and it was pouring!!! We were hungry and wanted to try a restaurant we haven't been to yet in Long Beeach. We walked in and liked the atmosphere. Nice bar and tables... very modern and inviting. They gave us salsa and chips, which I could tell was store bought right away, so my first impression was a little disappointing. We then ordered a pitcher of white Sangria and my tune changed immediately! It was so good! One of the best I had. We decided to pig out and order two apps... the Spring rolls, which had Italian sausage in it and it was incredible. I can't get the taste of out my mind! And the Tuna Ceviche, which was served in a martini glass over salad and tomatoes, it was refreshing and so tasty. For my main dish I ordered the veal, which was a fried cutlet served over salad with mozzerella and everything just melted in my mouth!! My mom ordered the Tuna with Sobe noodles and it was also very good. For dessert... (yes we ordered dessert too, I said we decided to pig out). I think it was called Saduki, it was a large warm chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream. Everything we had was very good except the salsa and chips, which we could have done without. They are a little pricey, but I thought it was worth it.
After a long day at the beach we were searching for something light to eat. This restaurant offered blackened fish tacos, and I was sold. Two for $9. We went in and it was empty, we were sitting right next to the guy (I'm assuming owner) making the tacos on the tiny little grill hidden behind a curtain. Weird...anyway it seemed to take forever for the tacos to come out but when they did, it was nothing spectacular. Somewhat small portions...also we ordered wings that took 30min to come out, & when they did they were the tiniest wings Ive ever seen plus the taste was just all not there. Much rather have had pizza or something, what a waste of time coming here!
Sugo Cafe is a great Italian fusion restaurant. They have great service, a great menu, delicious food, and the chef is really nice. The only downside that it is a little expensive (it is fine dining) and it is always loud and crowded! If you are looking for a nice quiet place for dinner, this is really not the place to go but other than the noise issue, it is an amazing restaurant!
Ok so this place has gotten better. The staff is great, the food is great and the decor and atmosphere is very trendy.   One of my favorite restaurants in town.
Never had a bad experience here. The owners are awesome and make you feel welcome and the menu is a fusion of different cultures. Great date place
2.5 The parmesan fries here are absolutely delicious - so crisp, perfectly salted, with just a light sprinkling of parmesan for an extra boost of flavor. This came with our jalapeño and chili burger. The biggest problem was the consistency of the ground meat in the patty. The coarseness was like that of meatloaf meat, and the sloppy scoop of chili made the bun soggy. Burger patties and ground beef chili do not belong on the same bun. I'm sure there are better items on the menu.
Had dinner here on Saturday night with a friend. We arrived about 9:15 and had to wait only about 5 minutes for a table. Our waiter came over quickly to tell about the specials and take our drink order. We both got some martini with pomegranate which really strong, but I am not complaining. We split 2 appetizers from the specials - a duck roll and lobster salad struffed in zucchini. Both were excellent. We also got the chopped salad which was really good. Then we split the scallops with ravioli and they even split the portion and gave us separate plates. The sauce was really creamy and delcious, scallops were pretty good and ravioli was amazing! For dessert we had the brownie sundae which was not at all what I was expecting - it came in a tall glass and was served with chocolate ice cream. I prefer vanilla, but it was still pretty good. All of our food was delicious and presented nicely. Service was good except for one annoying bus boy who kept trying to clear our table when we were still picking on our entree. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because they were out of several specials, incuding the duck entree which I was planning on ordering. But, will definitely go back.
This place is all atmosphere... Nothing we had was even ok, the cook is cooking a menu that is way over their head. Service was ok atmosphere is cute but the 3 appetizers and 3 entrees were not good at all. The cook does not know how to cook.
Pricey for the quality/quantity, misleading menu(outside special board said Tacos but Taco guy was bar-tending so we couldn't order Tacos) Burger was tasty, as were the Crab stuffed Clams, Service was good.  Oh good fries too    would go back to try the taco/Dog Window but not to sit down for a meal
Best restaurant in long beach, food is amazing you have your pick of big plates or small plates. Apps are perfect the chopped salad is out of this world! Many different drinks from you to choose and the sugookie is a hit to finish the night with!
Probably should avoid. 45 minutes for a burger in an empty restaurant is kind of ridiculous. They should probably consult a recipe for their margharita pizza, we got a cheese pizza devoid of any basil or fresh moz, it was essentially a cheese pizza on frozen crust. I was told the burger would be huge, I expect 16oz but got closer to 8 oz. Drinks were alright.
so i decided to give this place another try after a few years...the first time i went to this place..i was sooo turned off..i feel the owner is unfriendly and rude and feel his wife is the same. both are very unprofessional and unprofessional looking! if you want to have a nice restaurant you should act the part and be respectful and look nice and professional!   and the waiter we got..i felt like i was in a fast food restaurant..very unprofessional and not polished..as for food it was just ok...so after that, i had absolutely no desire to go back. so  boyfriend recently went a couple of times and he said the food was good and wanted me to go back and kept asking sooooo i ffffinally gave in and said ok..but i don't like the "italian food with urban flare thing".  honestly i want my italian food to be italian tasting..just like if i heard chinese food with italian flare..sorry when i want chinese food i want chinese..if i want portugese i want authentic portugese..it's just my opinion!!!  but anyway i don't feel this place should be called an italian restaurant . OK..soooo we went on sunday and i was very happy both owners were NOT there (and by the way i don't think he should have his wife working there anyway...get a professional experienced hostess).   it wasn't crowded..lighting in place was good and they rearranged the place since i last went there and it looked much better.  Now for food...apptz..we had pork dumplings and meatballs and both were good.  main dishes..tuna  with salad and it tasted ok and chicken dish was good it came with delicious mashed potatoes.  also had a nice bottle of red wine with dinner and dessert was delicious(i forgot the name of it) i was told it's the most popular one.  Our waitress was nice and music was ok.   so, if i decide to go back i'll most likely go when i know the owners won't be there!
Very, very good, everything ! The food, the ambiance and the martinis! Price is good too. The only thing a little noicy.
What a cute little find.  My friends an I were in Long Beach on Saturday.  After having a disappointing appetizer at Monterey's, we popped into Sugo's for lunch (only a few doors down).  They have a decent lunch menu that offers an assortment of entrees for $9.  We ordered the fish sandwich and the crab cake.  Everything was presented beautifully and tasted divine.  The portion size was great for lunch and was very filling.  The owner was more than enthusiastic about his drinks and food and offered nice recommendations.  He also sent out a surprise tiramisu dessert because it was my friend's birthday.  All in all, it was very affordable and delicious.  On my next adventure back to Long Beach I will be sure to hit up Sugo's.  Also, it's conveniently located steps from the LIRR train station.  I really liked that this was a family owned and operated restaurant.  You could tell their food was made from the heart.
The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable considering how small the place is. I was disappointed to find such small portions when charged $7 extra for sharing on a $16 pasta dish. The food was good but not sure whether it was worth it.
The only bad thing  I can say about this place is the confused menu.  Other than that I wish they had more options or maybe a clearer focus, I am a fan!  Really good bread and dip to start off and good wine with a friendly staff.  My group had some ceaser salad and calamari for apps, both were delicious!  I had the salmon which I really liked, and the vegetables on the side were delicious!  I also tried the penne vodka which was delicious!  I think i tried some desert and remember liking it but unfortunately cannot remember what it was- I want to say some sort of warm cookie?  Will definitely be going back!
Small trendy spot for long beach but food is good. Daily specials menu is alot better than their regular menu. Had their drink of the day which was an earl grey martini, which pretty good. My friend ordered the elderflower martini which was way too acidic and definitely not a drink either one of us would order again. We asked the waitress to switch the drink with the smokey margarita, which was a great alternate. Downfall is that they still charged us for the martini, I've gone to other places where they give the courtesy of removing the drink from the bill so I was bothered in a way. For appetizers we shared the stuffed figs, which was delicious a must try. For entrees we ordered the crabcakes w shrimp risotto and scallops w goat cheese ravioli. The risotto was firm not creamy as it should be although the flavors were there. The scallops were cooked perfectly n the raviolis were good. For dessert we had what they call sugooki which is basically a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. Nice way to end a meal.
Sensational, phenomenal, delightful, spectacular. The list goes on & on. can't say enough good things. Best food in LB BY FAR!! atmosphere and staff is amazing. been there a million times & never disappointed. Wouldnt change a thing. drag queen bingo on thurs is hysterical. Alan the owner is a doll & always aims to please & excel.Love u Sugo!! See u soon :)
one of the best  if  not the best restaurant in long beach.  great  apps  including not to miss chicken meatballs, tasty pizza skewers of chicken and beef  delish! specials  are insane  a  variety of seafood,steaks pasta with  great fresh sides.  really  well crafted entrees.  prixe  fixe is  always  good.  the  atmosphere is lively and  the new  bar compliments the decor go  to sugo
Nice bar, good margaritas
Very nice atmosphere and service with an interesting menu.  I went with a 1/2 price gift certificate from L.I. Radio.com(no longer offered) but full price would hav been a bit high for the food. The chicken meatballs were recommended and vry tasty but nothing outrageous for the price. I would like to try the Tues. 1/2 price entree offering and do look fwd to going back.
thought we were in for something special from all the reviews. all we got was extremely fatty short ribs and undercooked flavorless salmon..food was not as expected..would not waste our time going back there again..
Long Beach has a lot of restaurants.  SUGO is my favorite. I like to sit at the bar. The bartender here is very nice and not intrusive. The things I have eaten here have all been very tasty. The dumplings, chicken meatballs, calamari, chopped salad, any kind of pizza, and fish tacos are my favorite. My only negative comment is regarding the decorating. I know it's cool to be Bohemian, but the decorating needs sprucing up. It should be in par with the food, which is appealing. If you're sitting at the bar and drinking some of their super potent cocktails, you may not notice, but Alan, heed some of our suggestions and have a decorator come in!   The location is great, the servers have always been good when I've gone and the food is memorable in a good way.  I recommend you try SUGO, even if it's just to sample the appetizers or grab a quick burger and a beer!
One of my favorite places in Long Beach! I have never had a bad meal here. Actually I've only had outstanding meals here. The decor is great - it's red and kind of dark, kind of cozy but in a racy sort of way. The art in the restaurant is fun and you can tell that Alan (owner) has put his heart into this place. As far as the food goes, I can come here for their chopped salad alone - it's sooooo good. My favorite item on the menu. Warning: it's filling. Regarding entrees, I take the specials a lot because he gets the freshest (often locally sourced) items that day - the chef does great with seafood. The best part about the restaurant is that Alan aims to please so much that he will alter a meal to suit your palate and even make something that is not on the menu if that is what you would like. The chef never goes wrong. So why one star off: I don't like their special nights - like diva bingo, and I am not a fan  of the drinks menu or the way the drinks are made. They are just decent. If you want a nice somewhat quiet dinner, go in the beginning of the week. If you have any problems or issues, find Daniel - she's the manager and is very attentive to her job. Highly recommended for the food. PS - find their food truck on Riverside and Shore by the boardwalk. The fish tacos are great (but small...they are $3 worth).
If you visit Long Beach, you have to visit Alan's Sugo Café too! There is a lunch special where you can choose from different meals plus house/caesar salad for only 12$ and its really really good (Pizza)! Alan (the owner) is one of the greatest guys we've ever met and all in all the service was absolutely perfect! P.S.: For appetizer we really recommend the dumplings!!!
Love it, Alan the owner always comes by to say hello. Foods great. Great vibe every time I go in
If you are in Long Beach, Sugo is a place you must visit! Their "Specials" menu is lengthy, always changing based on their freshest ingredients. We have never had a disappointing item on their menu, and we have eaten there more times than I can count! PS - ask them about their specialty dessert -  a fresh made chocolate chip cookie in your own skillet with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top... A must have!!!!
Incredible food and service. Had oysters, soft shell crab, fish tacos, scallops and fig Martinis. I can hardly handle how happy all this good makes me. Also Erika the server is awesome. My compliments to the chef, bartender and server.
I have been to Sugo numerous times and always enjoy. Last night food was excellent and Zack our waiter was terrific. However when we were leaving the restaurant and I used the ladies room, at the wrong moment, I discovered there was no toilet paper. Not pleasant! Additionally there was lots of dirty paper towels all over the floor. When I advised Alan (the owner) he totally brushed me off. Am I the only one that thinks the bathroom of a nice restaurant should be kept clean and amply supplied with TP?
What a disappointment..... From the front this restaurant appears chic, yet don't be fooled by this deceptive appearance. Once inside this place lacks that warm vibe you'd expect to match its eclectic decor.  The service (ie., host, manager, one waiter) were all cold and short.  Do not expect more than a quick "hello" and "you ready".   Food: Grilled octopus was fine.  Chicken meatballs are good. When we asked for parmesan cheese for the meatballs the gentleman questioned why we needed it.  I wanted to tell him it was none of his business but I decided to save my energy and just say we'd like to put some on our meatballs.  We then overhead that same server arguing with a guy who appeared to be a manager/owner.  You guys do know customers can hear you? Overall, this place looks great from the outside but is absolutely horrendous on the inside.  They desperately need training on how to properly interact with customers and with each other.  Simple things like smiling and engaging your customers can go a long way. Also keep your side conversations to a minimum. Coming from Manhattan where attention to detail is #1, we are accustomed to warm, friendly, prompt service.  This establishment ranks at the very bottom.  Maybe this works for their customer base but it certainly doesn't work for us.   Pros: Bartender was nice and our actual server was pleasant.  That's it.
This meal was a dreadful experience from start to finish. After a day of laying in the  sun on the beach, my girlfriend and I decided to try some of the local cuisine before heading back to the city. We walked along the main strip of Long Beach, peeking into restaurant windows to see their menus. When we approached Sugo's, we were immediately spotted by a haggard-looking older woman who tried to sell us on the fact that this was indeed the best food in Long Beach. We walked a few blocks down to explore our options and decided to return, where she again was quick to pressure us into spending our evening here. When I asked her which dishes she particularly enjoyed, she admitted that she hadn't actually tried any of them recently. Nonetheless, we were so hungry at this point that we didn't care. We were then handed off to the hostess, a tired-looking woman in her 60s, who proceeded to walk past us at least a dozen times telling us "I'll be right with you," despite the fact that the place was at least a third empty. It was only until we turned to walk away that she finally offered us a table. Once we were seated, I ordered 3 appetizers (instead of a main dish), a tactic I often employ to sample the most dishes possible. As a seafood fan, I selected the fried calamari, the softshell crab tacos, and the grilled octopus salad. My girlfriend, (a vegetarian), ordered a mushroom pizza, which, at least according to the menu, contained gorgonzola cheese and red pepper flakes. I asked our waitress if the calamari were deep fried or only lightly, and she assured me that it was just a light coating of bread crumbs. My girlfriend specifically asked if her pizza would be served with tomato sauce, as some are only served with cheese. The young lady stated quite clearly that there would indeed be tomato sauce on her pizza. While we were waiting for our food, the first haggard woman approached our table to whisper in my ear about how we had made such a wise decision in dining there, a move I found totally classless and unprofessional. Shortly after, the first course arrived. The calamari was so covered in breading that it seemed as though there were only breading and no actual seafood inside. The soft-shell crab, while not badly prepared, was simply slathered in Russian dressing and stuffed into a tortilla, in one of the most intense flavor clashes I have ever experienced. Fortunately, the octopus salad was the saving grace, as it was actually plated nicely. Next came my girlfriend's pizza. Not only was the crust totally burned, but there was not a shred of gorgonzola cheese or red pepper to be found. As a strong, creamy blue cheese, gorgonzola has a sharp, distinct flavor that was noticeably absent from this pizza. Furthermore, the pizza was served without any tomato sauce, despite our waitress's assurance to the contrary! When my girlfriend inquired, the waitress quickly returned to the kitchen, and emerged with the excuse that the gorgonzola cheese had been baked into the pizza. This was a blatant and obvious lie, as the cheese is dark in color and the crust was only about a quarter of an inch thick. She sent the pizza back and fortunately the waitress had the good sense to remove it from the bill. After paying our bill, we left in disgust and crossed the street to take the train back  to the city.
All around a great place to eat. Alan, the owner does his best to ensure that we as patrons have a great experience, and more importantly, come back for more. I like dining here and their wine list is very fairly priced with good choices. Tough to beat this place throughout LB Restaurants!
Sugo is amazing. Perfectly located between the train station, Sugo is a great spot to have a gourmet dinner. They always have different dishes as they get their ingredients daily. After eating there several times I don't remember one bad dish. They have a salad there that is to die for. The service is average not amazing but they do know the menu and clearly have good communication with the chefs. One waiter in particular knows all you need to know about anything in the restaurant. Definitely recommend Sugo.
Pizza was excellent, calmari was great, prices very reasonable, service fast and friendly.
Great location and decent food, but service is very spotty. We sat down, ordered two pizzas and a few appetizers, and asked for everything to come out altogether. Sure enough, everything came out separately....and nearly an hour later, no pizzas to be had. We had to catch a train and asked for the check - at which point, the waitress remembered that we were supposed to have pizzas. Those pizzas weren't even made yet! The kitchen threw them together while we paid the check, and we ate on the train.
Sugo might have been one of the most interesting dinners I've had this year. Let me start by saying the food was solid and I would 100% return here. Def a step up from the typical LB eateries. Also, whoever owns this place seemed to have listened to previous reviews, as they now have a standard menu along side their daily specials. Here's the rundown... Hits: -Chopped salad was excellent -Caprese salad had tomatoes that were 'made in a lab' to contain more lycopene. Well, call up Dr Frankenstein and order up some more 'matoes bc those babies were good! The fresh mozz was delish as well. -An app came after our main dish and the staff was cool and took it off of the bill, no questions asked. -Solid pour of Basil Hayden's and ginger beer for $8 Misses: -Decor. What. Goes. On. In. Here. There's an egg chair from the 70's taking up way too much room, a teeny sushi bar, family photos, bizarre chotchkies all over the place. -The napkin set up is just f'n ridiculous (check the borderline porn pic) -Some dude walked into the bathroom while I was in there and showed me his hernia scars (true story) Somewhere in the middle: -This chicken parm story... Me "We'll have the chicken parm." Waiter "We have that?" Me "Yep, it's right here on the menu" Waiter "Oh" Me "Uh oh. Should I still get it?" Waiter "Yes, it's excellent" lol
The place definitely looks much smaller from the outside than it is once you actually walk in. The decor is eclectic, the tables are decently spaced. The owner is very nice, offered to move us to a bigger and better table on his own accord, accommodated all our dietary requests ( we are both vegetarians), stopped by the table throughout the meal to enquire whether we liked it, etc. The menu is very varied. The bread basket was well put together. We had a goat cheese beet salad (very nicely done), cauliflower pizza (my personal preference for a thinner crust notwithstanding, the pizza was very good) , and a vegetable plate of mixed sides, which was cooked and sized perfectly. We shared a brownie sundae for dessert, which was gooey and chocolatey and delicious. All in all it was a very good meal, and decently priced to boot. I found the portion size to be just right. Would definitely return next te we are in Long Beach.
I went in here with very high expectations, and I think that was my downfall - the decor here is funky and interesting, its got a nice sized dining room in the back which is deceiving from the front cause it looks teensy.  The tables hugging the walls of the restaurant are kind of tight and small, so if you're a big fella, you probably won't be comfortable (ie, my dad is not coming here). now, they change their menu every day, which I'm kind of on the fence about.  if it were a small menu, with a pasta/veggie meal, fish, chicken and meat dish I'd be cool with it, but i feel like places should always have a few things they do really well, keep those, and then do a rotation on the other stuff.  This was a long menu, with a lot of stuff, that (IMHO from our two dishes) weren't terribly impressive. I ordered the baked clams - because I love baked clams, so I think that they need to really knock my socks off to be considered great for me - these were okay...panko, smaller clams, nice sauce.  good, not "if you touch these I'll bite you" though..and they weren't well cleaned, cause I had some dirt in my mouth.  My friend got the sausage appetizer and she loved it - the presentation was nice. so for dinner, I ordered the flounder franchaese with haricot verts on a potato puree. Good sized fish, the haricot verts and puree were excellent (I hate overdone veggies, these had a nice crunch), but the fish was a little too battered...ie, all i tasted was batter, no fish.  My friend asked the waiter to choose for her - because, like I said, the menu is huge and she couldn't decide. now, if I were a waiter, and my patron asked me to order for her - I'd make sure I picked something I was proud of.  he gave her linguini with shrimp and little necks.  She wasn't impressed.  Frankley, neither was i - she had to salt and pepper her entire meal to taste it, so they really lacked on the seasoning. I'm definiately going to have to come back, and try again.  I also found it annoying that after we both ordered a glass of wine, they told us we could have had the wednesday 16$ bottle special.
This place has the worst food and not worth the prices stay away!!!! Big disappointment!!
Have been here twice with the wifey.  Overall a great little place.  Funky decor and an eclectic menu.  Food is good, not great but definitely good.  Cheap wine list and they have a cocktail menu.  Not much for a beer selection but they do have a couple micros in bottles.  Excellent service. All that being said, I have to ding this place for price compared to what you get.  It's not cheap and the portions are quite paltry.  Case in point: ordered the rack of lamb for $34, and it came with 3 little lamb chops!  C'mon guys, either feed me or price it right. If prices were cheaper, or if they would just give me some more food, I'd definitely come here more often.
Sugo!  Where have you been all my life?!! I have finally tried Sugo!   First of all, great wine and beer selection. The food knocks it out of the park each and every time.  And... each time, you have different food to choose from because the menu changes daily!!  You can go online and see what they are serving before you go if you'd like, too! Each time I go, I cannot help but to order whatever scallops they're serving.  Always a-ma-zing.   New favorite dessert?  Well, it's served here of course!  They bake a cookie in a small personal pan, serve it a la mode while the cookie part is still warm, soft and just plain delicious.  Of course, I can't have this each time I come just because of calories, but boy was I glad that I tried it! The servers are always super friendly and attentive.   Decor is fun and very often there is live music playing! Thank you, Sugo!
Awful experience today. Not all that crowded and the service was terrible. Server took our order and came back a few minutes later ask if we were ready to order. Lox eggs and onions $19.00? And no toast or anything. Insane. lox and bagel also $19.00. And, it took over 49 minutes from the time we ordered until the food came. Imagine if the place was really busy.
Lived here for 5 years.  Never went.  WTF was I thinking? With Laguna gone because of Sandy :( there are few places that you can go in LB and not be surrounded by television screens and boozehounds. Sugo is one of those places.  A modern decor is truly unique to the "city by the sea" as is the high level of quality that is brought to the food. The menu seems a bit unfocused, however the same can not be said for the dishes prepared by the chef with five-star skill. The vibe is friendly, the service superb- there really is nothing bad to say about sugo- except that the average dish is $25.  That being said, you get what you pay for (in a good way); which is not often said. The menu changes daily.   Love this place.
