Went in for lunch and grabbed a burger and fries. The place had some climate control issues as it was hot and then it was cold. The service was kind slow especially since there was no one in the joint. I wasn't in a rush so I was OK with the wait. I ordered a burger medium rare and it came out well-done. Just no excuses for this. I didn't bother to return it. Oddly enough the bun was tasty - was different from regular buns. Waffle fries were good. I don't recall the exact prices but my chick got a wrap along with my burger and two soft-drinks and the bill was like forty bucks...seemed like a bit much for just OK food.
I have been here twice - once before the summer 2012 season and once during the summer season - I WILL DEFINITELY GO BACK. We went on a trivia night and had a great experience - the vibe in the restaurant was super friendly and mad chill. The food was a pleasant surprise. I expected burgers and the usual fare but MAN OH MAN... all the choices and different twists on the 'usual' beach-type-restaurant-stuff??? WELL COMPOSED. Drinks? No issue. Served well and fast. The second time I went I brought a large group of people (all foodies) and they had a great time. Simple yet impressive brunch choices. TVs showed all the good games/events. -extra: had 2 people in our party that needed to get to JFK after brunch - did the bartender and members of the waitstaff call around to get them the best price via car service/taxi ? YES THEY DID. Totally didn't have to do that but they did. That was really great.
They now have a location in Rockville Centre which is more convenient for me.  2 words...Mac n' Cheese!   Get it....it's unbelievable!  2 people can share a portion.   Just do it!
Down to earth place that i wouldn't touch unless it was a Thurs., Friday, or Sat., especially during the late spring, summer, early fall.  Most places in the west end are dives and local hangouts till it hits the late spring and the early weekends arrive. If your from the area you would know this. These bars are dead during winter so don't waste your time! Late spring, summer, early fall are overcrowded for what it is... basically an overspill of the beach scene who took the LIRR or Atlantic Beach Bridge to Long Beach for the day/night or weekend. Don't get me wrong, it's a fun place at night, especially with the beach around the block but if you're used to the NYC nightlife than hop right back on that LIRR train and head towards Penn Station. The scene in the west end during summer is very hipster/beachy as the guidos tend to stay at the summer dance clubs in the town next to long beach. All in all, it's hard not to have a good time at these summer watering holes regardless of how the night ends. Enjoy while the weather is good!
It was 5 mins to 10 and they were about to close, but they let us in for dinner. They had some solid appetizer specials, plus a seafood special for the night. The server was nice enough to throw a Giants game on for us, and caught a win! Pros: Food have tons of flavor. Lots of options! Bar Food wasn't too heavy. Great & fast service. Cons: Wish they were open later (Realized all the restaurants in this town close early).
Great food nice server....worse manager ever Over an hour wait for our food with no compensation and nasty attitude from the manager...you would think he would be prepared for large crowds on 4th of july wknd
I came here with friends for dinner. The drinks were good and strong.   We ordered a few flat breads - all were very tasty and we had the tuna entree.  The tuna was better than expected.   I have been back twice and the food is classic beach fare that is fresh and good.
Was just here on Wednesday 4/9, and they've updated the menu since my last review. They brought the different Mac and cheese platters back. They've expanded their appetizer and salad options. My bf ordered the cheeseburger Mac, which was a little disappointing. It looked liked velvet Mac with a whole burger patty (yes, not chopped up and mixed into the Mac) lurking underneath the pasta. The bf said that it looked like it was topped with 2 slices of Kraft American singles. Although he didn't like his order, I had te steak tidbits which were a-ok as I wasn't expecting Kobe beef steaks from this joint, but I was more excited about their amazing waffle fries. Try em! They've also updated their drink menu, so you can get different cocktail flights for around $13-15. I got the Devil's delight flight, which was composed of mini chocolate, white chocolate, and espresso martinis. It was delish. All in all, I still love beach house. Don't come here expecting a culinary masterpiece for dinner/lunch. Come for the good vibes, good beer, good fries.
Came here on a Saturday night.  Very overrated place.  I had much more fun bar hopping than I did staying here.  The drinks are overpriced, the bartenders have no clue what they are doing, and on top of it they are rude.
All you can eat Mussels on Monday's is a MUST.
Mediocre food, that is too sweet, and somewhat bland. However, good selection of beers, but limited in terms of the scotches and whiskeys they offer. Overall, friendly service and good spot to watch sports, and talk with friends.
Always enjoy coming to this establishment because of the service. Very attentive and they always go out of their way for you. On top of the fact the drinks are good and food is good, I'll come here to be treated right. Well done!
I live closer to the rockville centre beach house but it's dirty in there , it smells like old beer and when u sit down to eat the air conditioners leak on you. I was so embarrassed to take my mom here after ranting and raving about how good the one in long beach was (except our server) so me and my boyfriend just order take out ....almost once a week, because there burgers are SO GOOD. I call up to place my order and the girl says what can I get you sir? I was pretty offended since I'm not a sir and I do not sound like one AT ALL. I ordered two burgers ....just like I ALWAYS DO....one with cheddar cheese, bacon onion straws and the other burger completely plain. I said it on the phone in several different ways....I said completely plain...I said just the burger and the bun...and I said absolutely nothing on my burger! She acted like I thought she was an idiot and said yea I heard you plain burger. The other one with cheddar cheese I also repeated twice. Now to get one wrong is whatever but they got BOTH orders wrong. My burger had lettuce and tomato and pickle which I did not order and my boyfriends had feta cheese instead of cheddar cheese. He said when he told them it was wrong the server got really defensive and nasty saying well a plain burger here is lettuce and tomato...and kept saying oh u mean cheddar? Like he was pronouncing it wrong meanwhile I placed the order not him.... And I made it very clear how plain I wanted my burger! They were really nasty to him and defensive and when they realized he was right they just said well I didn't take your order. Just fix it your not supposed to start arguments with customers ? This is my THIRD BAD EXPERIENCE!!! There burgers are not that good so I will just switch back to grillfire or press195 where I'm not going to have a bad experience almost every time. I get mistakes happen, own up to it don't accuse the customer of being wrong when they weren't wrong at all.....especially if you weren't even there to here the call how could you possibly be so defensive! Anyway I'm over the beach house.
Casey our waitress was pretty good. Forgot pepper and sour cream but she is forgiven. The plates are sooooo heavy. Don't know how they manage. Menu is varied and food is good. Menu is better than food though. Drinks could use more alcohol. All in all, if in the neighborhood I would go back, but only sit outside. Inside is tacky. Bathrooms are not clean.
nice ambiance great sweet potato fries..but DO NOTget the lobster special more like a lobsterette smallest lobster I have ever seen  ...(picked up pizza after eating dinner) menu says1.5 lbs its less than a 1lb and the Margarita was HORRIBLE the salt from the rim covered the entire bottom of the glass. overall chill spot but do not get the lobster special or margarita
This is for take out only, not eat in. Terrible service. Not worth trying again. Hostesses couldn't have cared less. Food took 50 minutes. They didn't even acknowledge me as I stood in the blazing sun waiting for my food Sunday evening. When I asked after 30 minutes they said they would check and came back 5 minutes later without giving me an update. I had to ask again and they said the kitchen was backed up.Finally after 45 minutes when I asked again and they came back 5 minutes later they had the food. They didn't apologize or offer me any reason. I ordered at 5:28 and the ticket on the bag said that the order was actually entered 1/2 hour later. Food was cold and awful when we finally got it home.
Solid all around beach bar and restaurant!. The mac and cheese was tasty but could have been seasoned a little better. The balsamic chicken sandwich was on point, with sun dried tomatoes, and fresh mozz.  And the waffle fries were, well crispy and delicious!
Today I had one of the worst dining experiences. this place claims to be a seafood restaurant it is by the ocean and pretty crowded. so I went with the crab cakes and the lobster salad my friend had the wings. the crab cakes came out on a bed of avocado that was turning brown. the crab cakes were frozen and had an after taste with barely any crab meat. the lobster roll was mostly mayonnaise and again not much lobster if any at all since it was also frozen, but of course they charged market price of 21 dollars. the wings tasted like paper. supposedly they won an award. giant waste of money. upon complaining about the crab cakes the manager never came over to apologize. the waitress just said she's sorry after we explained to her avocado should never be served this way. Not a few ours later as I write this review all the disgusting fake seafood is coming up. for this experience I could've just gone to mcdonalds and ordered the fish sandwich.
Food was excellent and so was the service... we ordered chili Mac and cheese which was insanely good. the trio of sliders had a nice variety, but the meatloaf which i was skeptical to try turned out to be amazing- it has mashed potatoes on it. Enough said. spinach and artichoke dip was just OK compared to everything else we sampled. The atmosphere is typical for a bar/restaurant,  but its location is what makes it so special.
After the unfortunate damage caused by Hurricane Sandy, Beach House is one of the few remaining open west end bars in the aftermath.  We came here most recently after a party on the sand for the boardwalk demolition. Whether you're looking for a peaceful post-beach lunch or you're out at night seeking an upbeat place to pound Bud Lights and dance to a good DJ playlist, Beach House is a solid go-to spot.  Like Johanna said, the nighttime scene at Beach House attracts a different, more touristy crowd, similar to that of Minnesota's, so if that's your thing, PARTY ON! Oh yeah, and they have a $20 charge policy for credit cards left overnight...I guess a lot of people go out on benders here and leave their plastic behind!
I didn't give 5 stars coz i just don't know about drinks they serve. Me and my Husband go there just for food. They don't have too many choices of it but whatever they serve to eat is really good. Especially I love calamari. Sometimes calamari is the reason for me to go there lol
I've got mixed feelings about the Beach House.  During the day, and on weekends during the day, and maaaaaybe for a little while at night there during the week I dig the food and the wait staff is nice and attentive.  They have this buffalo calamari thats delightful, but on the weekends at night they pull these big curtains closed by the windows and it turns into guido-tron. Now, if you LIKE that sort of bar, then this place is pretty good.  If you like quieter places that you dont stand elbow to elbow with the person next to you - I wouldn't recommend it.  But before the lights go dim and the sun goes down, this place is great for drink specials and food, and they have close to 10 thousand TVs so you can literally catch any game in the world on.
Been here a few times. Never a great time. But this was the final time. Strike 1...in bathroom with staff memeber. He didn't wash his hands. Strike 2...I asked for drink or beer specials at our table. We were there for dinner. Waitress says, no specials. You have to be at the bar. Really?!  Why?  I'm paying for dinner Strike 3...food bland and boring. Nothing special there.
I've eaten here a few times and so far, have found it to be the best spot in Long Beach for food.  I have tried a variety of things on their menu, salads, raw bar items, entrees and apps, and found everything to be in the good to great range.  Service is pretty good, though they can border on unprofessional.  Our check was dropped while we were still eating our entrees.  The restaurant is very loud if you go at night and if you go on a Saturday night?  Forget it, it's packed beyond belief and they charge you a fee to go in.  (Much like the rest of the west end does)
Great place.  We came off the beach for dinner, wound up hearing the best accustic musician I think I've ever heard. We sat outside on there garden patio equipped with killer speakers. Musican sounded great out in the garden (props to Dave Kellen the musician). Cool reggae music between sets really takes you away like your on vacation. After 7 drinks a piece the Dj came on (around 9) and totally took over. Seems like everyone knows eachother at The Beach House. Staff was hot and friendly. Place seems well taken care of. We really enjoyed it and Will be back
It's always packed when we drive by here; however, last night we went in for dinner and since there was a 20 minute wait, we went to the bar. We were debating on what to do when Kevin (who must be a GM or an owner) asked us what we wanted to drink. At the time we were confused but he came back with 2 Coronas! What a nice way to let us wait and to make us feel like it was worth the wait on a Fri night! We enjoyed the live singer and my sister's boyfriend, DJ Eloy actually plays here on Sat nights so this is a must without a doubt. I loved my Turkey Burger which had spinach and goat cheese and the sweet potato fries were fabulous! This is definitely a great place to grab a drink, stay to eat and I would assume to enjoy being out for the night as well!
On Monday night they have an all you can eat wings or all you can eat wings and drinks special for a decent price. Definitely worth coming to. This place is great to watch the game since they have 22 big TVs. Can't wait to check it out Saturday to watch all of the college football games!!
Tasty libations, good company, and fist pumping beats make Jonathan a happy boy. The Beach House really should be getting 4.5 stars just because they have Sam Adams Cherry Wheat on tap. Who doesn't like Cherry Wheat? Oh...you don't? Shit.
One of the West End hot spots on a Saturday night in summer. When the beach closes for the night and the sun goes down, things are only just heating up in this Long Island town. Though $5 cover seems like a throwback to simpler times coming from the city scene, you might end up hitting 3 clubs and set back $15 when you party in the area. Unlike the way Manhattan clubs are spread out across the huge city, Long Beach nightlife is concentrated in a 7 block span of west Beech St. Nice large space, large dance floor, solid sound system, 2 bars, several TV screens. Crowd has a cross between a small town feel and a city vibe that makes it pretty unique - for better or worse. DJ was changing up the songs a lot more often than I'm used to, but it was a not-unwelcome change. Alas, it's straight. I would go back, but only with a large group of friends maybe after a day at the beach.
Food is great, can be a bit noisy but that's what a sports bar is for, Great local hangout and well worth it. It better be good my son and some of his friends work here. Definately worth it!!! Burgers are large portioned, kids meals are a great value and the fish is fresh. If your in the West End of Long Beach then this is definately a worth the stop.
We came across this place randomly as we were leaving the beach and looking for something quick to eat. It seemed to be packed with people, there was music, people looked happy. We stopped in and from the start we realized we made the right decision. The people were friendly, everyone was enjoying themselves. It almost seemed as a mixture of a restaurant/sports bar. Our food was fresh and delicious: we got the fried calamari and the clams. Our drinks were also really good... I got a margarita and it was deliciously made. Will definitely be going back next time I'm in the area!
I've been to the beachhouse on a variety of different occasions and it gets 5 stars for each. Top notch service everyone from the managers down to the bussers. Football Sundays best place in town Date night with the girlfriend, excellent menu Happy hour, very fun, live music, specials etc. Fri or sat night, lots of potential! I left LB 6 months ago and the only thing I miss more than the beach is the beach house (no pun intended)...
Cool spot. Was packed with a mixed crowd every time. Good food, friendly staff and customers, and a beach town atmosphere. Great craft draft selection. A good times.
The best food I have had in a long time!  My wife and I went there last night and had a terrific dining experience. Walked in and were seated right away. They had a reggae solo guitarist who was awesome and added to a great experience. My wife ordered the pecan crusted Brie and she loved it!  She wants to go back tonight and order it again! I had the fried calamari and it was the best I've ever had. Ordered the steak tidbits as an entree, it was also very good. Full of flavor!  We will be back to the Beach House real soon! Definitely recommend!
Went here for a night out after going to the beach and it was a pretty fun place. Got extremely crowded where it was difficult to get drinks but the DJ was pretty good. He played a mix of old and new. All the videos played on tvs by the dance floor which was cool.
They make a great burger.
I don't know whether we just hit an off night, or what. But I had dinner here with 2 of my friends last night. Yes, it was a busy Sat night. Ordered sodas. Took a good 10+ minutes to get sodas from the bar. I ordered the Shrimp/Chorizo Corn Soup. It came out barely lukewarm. I sent it back to be reheated. It really didn't come out much better. The main courses took on the order of 40 mins - we had to ask the waittress about them and we almost left. I ordered the Blackened Chicken Tidbits. The chicken itself was ok, but the bread that it was served on was far from toasted and tasted more like it had just been nuked - very soft and tough to cut/bite. The sweet potato fries weren't bad and were probably the best thing that I had. Definite problems in the kitchen here.
Love this place. Reasonably priced. Good food. Always good vibe.....Staff are really friendly and also extremely accommodating. If you like Premier League Football, then this is the place to watch it
Owned by a firefighter, this place KNOWS how to cook, serve and entertain everyone...really they do! Came in for Billy Quick's funeral and hung out with a huge group of our brothers from all over the country...My FDNY brothers are truly the best!
Pretty big space with lotsa flatscreens & live music. Food was tasty and priced reasonably.  Big bar crowd, singles & young couples. Outdoor seating a plus but a bit of a wait. Both times I went this summer with my 2 small children they were very accomdating.
Love this place not so much because my good friend and neighbor growing up runs it but because they really have their shit together! First of all it is clean, Massive crystal-clear TVs everywhere For the big game! I am a wing Expert  and these are some of the best I've ever had hot tasty crunchy meaty goodness i tell ya! The three dollar beer special is a great deal during games and they Are truly the coldest beers in town!Staffs always on point and Bartenders are no-nonsense mixing up the best drinks with fast attentive service I love the different seating areas where you can be in the game action upfront have a little private time in the back or just bask in the beautiful Long Beach ambience outside people watching I can't wait to go back always a great time here at the beach house!no complaints I only left off a star because I have not tried everything on the menu But plan to shortly!:)Great job Alan!
went here for dinner last night with my mom and had a great time! They had super friendly staff and a great selection of beers on tap. Get the fish tacos!
Loved the Buffalo Calamari and the panini portion was pretty impressive and tasty. We sat outside and had a few drinks. We were never rushed even though there was quite a line building outside (don't worry, we moved along after our meal of our own volition!) Everyone deserves some sitting outside action! The watress check on us whenever she came by with a lil, you okay with everything? or a nod.
Nice place for a beer or a burger. The live music was a bonus - especially since the performer was very talented (some guy singing and playing guitar.  I would go again for a beer and a burger.
We had such a nice afternoon here. The service was great, the food was great. Good "Pub" food. The sweet potato fries were very tasty! I truly enjoyed my visit!
Solid curly fries and nachos but the wings are really what earn this star rating. Our server, from what she said, hadn't worked there in a while and didn't even know what beers were on tap but whatever. Yum kids. Major yum. Enjoy!!
I've been here twice, once for a quick lunch with my mom during the summer and again yesterday for a 20-person brunch in the height of football season when the Giants game was on. My first experience was pretty good: fine food with the standard, jacked up beach town prices (but still better than most). Unfortunately my overall review is significantly brought down by the fact that at brunch, one of our 20 person party waited - literally - an hour and 15 minutes from the time we sat down to receive his bagel with cream cheese. Mind you, we got there at noon when the place was empty and the Giants game didn't even start until 1PM. The rest of us waited about 30-40 minutes to get our food after ordering. On top of that, the 3 cheese omelette is kind of gross, as are the nachos. Next time I'm in the area I'll try Paninis and Bikinis instead.
I wasn't sure what to get when I ate here so I thought a burger would be safe enough and I'm glad their Beach House Classic (10 oz. certified angus beef patty) did not disappoint.  The burger was perfectly cooked and juicy. The waffle fries I ordered with it was good but I'm not sure it's what I'd order again when I eat here again.  I thought the service was quick and friendly.  Overall a very good experience.
Awesome food! The drinks weren't great, not mixed very well, but overall a great experience... will def come back.
Awful rude bouncers. If you like having fun, do not go here.
so went to beach bar after the beach on a sunday around 5..which it was busy and had a good crowd all having a good time...so we showed up with 10 people and they accommodated us very quickly...the hostess was ver nice....so we sat and order our drinks ..all mostly mixed drinks the waitress helped us on which house special drinks are good...so we all order and the food took extremly long almost an hour...which was long...but anyway the food was good everyone seem to enjoy there meals and i thought they looked good...i ordered the honey salmon which i thought was very tasty..and it was a decent price $21 bucks and came with rice and mixed veggies....so all in all i will def. go back just maybe the kitchen went out drinking last night..lol...so for all 10 of us the bill was only $291 which aint bad to me..oh and i enjoyed the live band, they were very good
This is a great place to come after a day on the beach to have some Bud Lights and catch a game.  The service is always top-notch, especially the bartenders.  Be sure to catch Donnie on a Saturday afternoon for some laughs.
The Beach House is literally less than a 3 minute walk from my house, so it's an obvious easy choice when considering having some fatty food and a Magners on a Sunday afternoon.  My sister and I were a little hungover on Sunday and wanted some food, but wanted to avoid the screaming football people as much as possible due to not really caring (yeah, I said it) and also having headaches.  Sitting outside seemed like a decent solution to the problem.  It was fairly calm compared to places like the Inn.  The only issue was that the service was sooooooooooooo slllowwwwwwww.  I mean their food is just standard greasy pub food, nothing fancy, but for some reason I decided to try the fish tacos.  I should have known they would not have been good (even though the waitress claimed they were amazing).  Mehhhhhhhh.  I don't know.. I certainly have mixed feelings about this place and they don't have the greatest food.  Good sports bar inside though.. though I am still partial to The Inn.
Amazing food, nightlife and especially staff!!!
OK place on a warm day / night very noisy loud. food and drinks OK. Young 20 something place  not too many older folks like myself. Would not travel to eat there but if in the area Good palce to go. However since I get to that area not too often my favorite place is Lolas 5 stars much nicer place.
