The baked clams here are amazing. My fiancé and I met up with another couple for a casual dinner here last night. I ordered two appetizers for my meal. The baked clams and the lobster Mac & cheese and the baked clams were the better of the two. My fiancé ordered the Chicken Scarpariello. It had a delicious and flavorful sauce. Our dining companions had the Chilean sea bass and salads and they enjoyed their meals. If you care to carry on a conversation, ask to be seated outside as it's extremely loud inside. You can't hear yourself think. Poor acoustics aside, B&B is a great option for casual fare if you're in the area. The menu looks great and I do recommend. Service was swamped on a busy Friday night. There was a minor issue with one of the dishes. Rich, one of the owners, stopped by and made everything alright. We will return.
It's no secret to any of my friends that I am no fan of this place, so much so that I won't even go there if everyone is having drinks one night ...I'll wait for the next spot, thanks. This is a shame considering that I was so excited about the menu when it opened and urged everyone to go. So why such a feeling is disgust towards the place? Because I've been here a few times and I've never been very happy. The first few times was for the bar only....the prices were pretty high, but I was ok because the drinks were a bit large. However, after two totally inconsistent drinks made by the same bartender (one was way too strong, the other had nothing in it) we left. Now on to the food: not good. We ordered a lot so that I could get a feel for the place and here it goes: APPETIZERS: Baked clams - decent at best. Not very flavorful, but at least there was a clam in there. Lobster Mac N Cheese - I was VERY UNHAPPY. After giving the menu back, I asked the waitress if it had meat in it and she said no. I got the app and upon tasting it thought it was bacon or some kind of smoked meat. I called the waitress over and she said nope, there's no meat...it's just a flavoring..there is just lobster meat and mac n cheese. I left it on the side, but she knew she lied because she should really know the menu better than I. This was a pretty big NO NO with me. Fried Calamari - pretty limp or soggy or cold. Just ok. A bit rubbery. Pazzo Mussels - pretty good but I'm not a huge mussel fan. Entree Firenze and Wild Mushroom: Both were better than average. 3.5/5 but nothing too memorable. Nothing mad me wish to go back. We didn't stay for dessert because we'd had enough. Also, the service was pretty bad...the waitress brought the drinks that we ordered after our appetizers came (she said the bar was back up....i guess). I had to get up to find someone to give me more water. I would give this place one star but there were two pluses to my experiences: I dropped my bag and lost a lipstick, the guys that were cleaning up when I went back later were really helpful in moving the furniture and using their phones to shed some light and find it for me. The other plus is that I have friends that rave about WEDNESDAY WING NIGHT and the crowd is supposedly great VERDICT: Not recommended unless you are going for Wednesday Wing Night.
Wow totally forgot I visited this place until I saw an ad for it. I guess that says a little? One thing that totally sticks out to me is the nasty hostess in front who gave my party of 4 an attitude and laughed at us when we asked to move from a rickety table. A couple of us work in the business and this ticked us off so much that we almost left. Not a good first impression at all... But other than that I remember loving the vibe here and the beers they had on tap as well as the bottles too. The food was ehhh though. I remember getting an arugula salad with chicken and the chicken was so chewy and the salad itself was so bland and almost all arugula. Nothing else tossed in. Had to douse it in dressing. I had a pretty good time here otherwise though, the server was super sweet and personable and she made the whole experience worth it. I would definitely go back to give it another chance.
Ok bar type food, good beer & drink selection. I had Chilean Sea Bass for dinner which was pretty bland with almost no balsamic reduction and a ton of steamed broccoli n carrots to fill the empty plate. Plus tasted a lil too fishy for sea bass.  Apps were delish tho we had  wings, skirt steak quesadilla and clams. Service on the other hand started out ok then fell to pieces.  The waiter who also mentioned he's a manager (why I don't know) never brought anything we asked for. Knives, an extra plate never came for my friends who were sharing their dinner so they were passing a plate back and forth over table and a few other things. We also sat there waiting for our check forever and had to get up to bring it in. Oh and nobody bussed our table so my smelly fish sat there until we left.  I would try again., but stick to basic food  bar food next time. And maybe not sit in that dudes section.
Went last night for the first time and was impressed! My husband and I split the fish tacos, and the garlic parm wings. The wings were great! Fresh and delicious! The fish taco was the best I've ever had and I've eaten my share of fish tacos! The only complaint was the service. It was sloooww. We also never got napkins or extra plates before or after our food came, and we had to ask for them. Other than that we loved it and will be returning!
Great service. Great food. Lobster mac and cheese is bomb! Bar scene is great! I'll definitely be back! The owner Rich is so accommodating, he saw that we were getting cold outside so he brought us soup that was phenomenal.
Love this place. Food is always consistent, fresh, and good!!! Drinks are fabulous as well! Sometimes those drinks are too good! Pizza, salads, wings, and this fish taco ate my favorite! Only gave it four stars cause the service can be hit or miss! There is a great guy server but I forget his name. I think he is the head waiter or something. Also management is present so any concerns you may have they seem to be quite responsive and attentive. Enjoy :)
I have been here a few times since I moved to Long Beach and it has yet to disappoint.  Brixx & Barley is an american/italian restaurant. They have two sections. One is the restaurant/bar and the other is like a little pizza/gelato cafe where they serve gelato, coffee, fountain soda and pizza. It's definitely a great place for dinner and drinks with friends - to watch the game or just hang out. Great wings (which are BAKED, not fried) and plenty of classic and interesting dishes as well. One of my favorites is the IPA Quesadilla and the Buffalo Chicken Kabobs. Something different: if it's not on the menu (and a traditional Italian dish) the chefs will have no problem making it for you - as long as ingredients are available. It gets pretty crowded during nights & on the weekends so keep that in mind if you're going with a few people for a night out. Around lunchtime  however it's spacious and service is pretty quick.  They have a great selection of craft beer,  which is something I personally am very thankful for- always something new to try! Happy Hour is from 3-7pm (I believe) and they have different specials each day. They do deliver but it would probably be better to eat in or take out. Food quality doesn't seem to be as good when it's been sitting- but I guess that goes for many places.
We went for happy hour to get pizza and drinks- the catch is, you can only get happy hour if you sit at the bar.  There were 4 of us and there was not room at the bar so we had to pay full price.  Pizza itself was delicious, atmosphere was good.  I would return.
This place is fun.   The pizza and baked clams are pretty good.  The beer selection is really great and a lot of fun because they also offer flights.   My server told me that he, "pretty much knows everything"  I guess you can take that any way you like.   I like to sit at the high tops by the bar and the window (especially on a busy day).   My friend had the wings and they were very happy with them.  I will update my review upon trying more of the food.
i walked in wanting to love this place.   they have great wine and great service. The duck tacos and baked clams were good. for dinner we had chicken scarpiello and stuffed rigatoni. the chicken scarpiello was very bland.    i will try again.
I've been here both for dinner and during late night shenanigans. This place seems extremely versatile which is probably why it's been jam packed every single time I go! The Pros 1. Awesome beer selection 2. The dessert pizza made with nutella as the sauce and strawberries, bananas and blueberries as the cheese 3. The live DJ during late nights 4. The cozy comfy vibe of the interior The Cons 1. Not a huge food selection. Widely known for it's pizza but I'm lactose intolerant so I can't enjoy it whatsoever. 2. Service is spotty when it gets overwhelmingly packed I personally recommend it more for the late night scene to get drinks and pub grub with friends.
First let me say the service is phenomenal. The are attentive without being overbearing. The food was satisfactory. Price is maybe, maybe a dollar cheaper than the city. Good was tasty but they definitely cut corners. I got the mussels and they were smaller than a dime. I left disappointed. But Gino's pizza was able to sate my hunger.
I hate doing this, but we went back here this week for lunch and the service was absolutely atrocious - it is making me reconsider ever going here again.   When we arrived, there were three other tables (at most) filled, so the hostess said we could pick our seat.  We were waiting for ManWich, and chose a corner booth.  Our waitress followed us over, and in the ten minutes we were waiting, may have asked us close to 15 times if we were ready to order (even after we told her we were waiting for the rest of our party). While we were  waiting, one would assume they would dress the table with water, napkins and forks?  Nah.  So our fourth finally arrives, and orders a glass of water.  My friend and I chose a bottle of Sauvignon blanc to split (even though they are grossly overmarked) and we ordered our lunches. We were very, very clear that we wanted two orders of clams to split between each couple, and my friend specifically asked the waitress if the salad she ordered had onions.  The waitress didn't know - so my friend said "can you please just make a note to remove onions?".  This is not a difficult request.  It happens all the time, right?   She puts our order in and brings us a bottle of wine.  Unfortunately we didn't realize until after she opened it that it was the wrong one (7$ more expensive, and not worth it) but we didn't say anything and reordered the water from when my man sat down. Our appetizers come, and we still have no forks, short the one that came in the plate.  I asked her for forks and bread and we waited.  And waited.  And waited....finally, we all shared the fork that was on the effn plate to eat our appetizer. Four grown ass adults sharing a fork.  She comes over to check how we're doing and I said "well, you didn't bring us our forks, and i'm using napkins from the bar, and we still dont have water."  I suppose at this point she can see that we're clearly getting annoyed because we've been here for nearly an hour and she hasn't gotten anything right.   They finally come with our utensils, water, salads (and Dan's burger)...and bring the completely wrong salad out for my friend.  So they bring it back to the kitchen, and I think the manager realized we were riddled with errors, so he offered a plate of meatballs (?) as compensation...it was a nice gesture.  They come back with her antipasto...which is covered in chopped red onion.  Come ON.  They bring it back AGAIN and it looks like they just wiped the top to take off the onion because it was still all in her salad.  At this point, we just dealt with it.  We were expecting some sort of reimbursment on the bill - maybe in the form of my friend not having to pay for her salad, or them not charging us full price for the wrong bottle of wine, but that didn't happen. Whats frustrating is we like the food here, we like the bar itself, and its so close - but if they want to survive, they need to hire better wait staff.  I dont know if it was her first day, or if she can't read, or what - she seemed like a nice girl so I really don't like to bad mouth her, but it was truly the worst service I've experienced in a very, very long time, if ever.
"You know what would go great with my spaghetti and meatballs? A nice, hoppy, double IPA" --  said no one ever. I feel like this concept is fucking weird. Italian food and beer don't go together.  There was no thought process behind pairing the food with the beverages.  I want to open an Italian restaurant...but craft beers are so hot right now....hmmm....fuck it, let's do both.  That being said, their beer list is great, and their food is good, separately. Pineapple jalapeño oven roasted chicken wings were excellent. Antipasto salad was pizzeria quality, not bad. Brick oven pies (I tried smashed meatball and buffalo chicken) were good. Cannoli dessert was decent. Service was great. Basically what I'm saying is we had a good meal, but the beer I washed it down with (although awesome) did not go well with any of the food except the wings.  I probably would've been better off with wine, but then again, if I wanted Italian food and wine I wouldn't go to a bar. So maybe just order a shitty Bud Light type lager, that goes with everything. But how can I do that with all these great beers on the beer list? Fuck, I'm confused. Would I return for some pints. Absolutely. Would I return for pizza and wings. Yes. Would I return for an Italian dinner. I don't think so? I'm Ron Burgundy?
Great Pizza, customer service,  they have an express side if u want to get in an out or dine in full menu, T.v.s bar food delicious way better than Ginos new and refreshing, live music, and specials on certain days.. I recommend give them a try...
Great wine and wings... wings are baked which I greatly prefer.  We got the Teriyaki wings - very flavorful salty/sweet sauce, and just enough of it.  Paired with a great bottle of wine (affordable!) and some great people watching from the outside patio made for a great evening!
Terrible place I have gone here on two separate occasions to try and get drinks and their policy is you can't sit at a table to just order drinks u must stand at the bar. The third time I went and sat down to eat. It was the worst most tasteless burger I have ever had.
Just ordered take out. 3 pizzas. All epic. Fresh ingredients, hot, amazing! I love pizza. In fact, I'm obsessed with pizza and am pretty picky. Brixx is now on my speed dial. Keep it up!
Great place.......great food.... very reasonably  priced  only complaint is that is super noisy and you can't hear if you're trying to engage in convo
Ive been here twice so far, once for lunch and once for dinner, both with my 7 year old in tow.   The atmosphere is warm and inviting and on both occasions the staff went out of their way to be helpful.  The food is very good, the menu is varied and suits all tastes.   Everyone enjoyed their meals very much except that two different friends had the steak sandwich on two different occasions and the verdict both times was "chewy".  Pizza is very tasty and gets a thumbs up from the boy.  Prices are as expected for the area.   Beer selection is okay - more craft beer than most places in the area but I think I expected more taps from a place that totes their beer menu.  Half of the menu includes bottle selections, including several bomber size, which arent cheap. I agree with other reviewers that it gets very loud when its crowded, and the loud music doesnt help.   The atmosphere, service and food make up for any shortcomings.
Awsome place great service! The owner Rich is very attentive and sweet. Love it here. I left full and happy! New favorite place!
Was there with my boyfriend on Saturday night 3/15 after the Cuban place told us there was an hour and a half wait. WINE: They should not be calling themselves a wine bar, selection was awful, opted for beer instead.   BEER/CIDER: pretty good tap selection, nothing to write home about but good enough.  Would be nice if they had other flavor hard ciders in addition to apple cider.  My boyfriend ordered the Angry Orchard on tap - delicious but not cold enough.  My Blue Moon on tap was nice and cold.   SERVICE: This was the reason I gave this 3 stars instead of 2.  Even though it was packed, we were seated in 5 minutes.  Our waiter Ryan was super friendly and very attentive.  Even though he was extremely busy he was sure to stop by several times to see how we were doing.  I would definitely want to be in his section again. ATMOSPHERE: Nice clean place - average loud sports bar but that doesn't really bother me. FOOD: Started with the maple and seracha wings.  They were very tasty, hot, plump, fresh.  Loved the fact their wings are not fried.  Would definitely get these again.  Then the food went down hill.  I ordered the pork and broccoli rabe sandwich with no cheese.  Bread and fries were great.  Pork was overcooked, very dry and tasteless.  Not sure if it was fresh.  Broccoli rabe was a little undercooked and totally tasteless -   No seasoning or garlic at all, just boiled plain.  My boyfriend ordered a salad with a side of meatballs.  He said the salad was fresh.  Meatballs were horrible. It takes a lot for him to not eat something and he took one bite and he was done.  I tasted them as the only thing I can liken the taste to was chef Boyardee in a can.  Very disappointing.   OVERALL: I would come back for wings and beer, since we really like that none of their wings are fried.  I would not go there for dinner if what we have is any indication of the other food on the menu. Not sure how they could get the wings so right and the rest of the food so wrong.  We already love Grimaldi's pizza (Garden City) and Blue Moon for Italian food (Rockville Centre) so there's really no reason to try the pizza.
Firstly, anyplace that is not Sorrentos has no  right saying they have the best brick oven pizza in Long Beach. I found the pizza dough to be flavorless and flat...like matzoh...and not worth trying again. Service was wonderful. Ryan was a pleasure. But at the end of the day, if you want to make it with Long Beach locals, you need good food and basic beers (ammurrica), so they may want to make some changes to win the coveted local allegiance.
Came here for dinner last night and I was not too impressed. We read awesome reviews so we decided to stop in and were seated promptly. Our server took drink orders in which we each ordered a soda and a water (he forgot the waters until we asked again halfway through the meal). Then 10/15 min later we were finally able to flag him down for our food order. I got the lobster mac & cheese and mozzarella caprese salad, and my fiancé got the peppers and sauce and chicken wings. All 4 meals are aps so we were expecting them to come in no time right? WRONG. The Mac arrived for me and an onion dish for my fiancée, which is not what he ordered. After again flagging the server down he quickly apologized and brought us the correct dish. For the next 20 min we ate the two only before realizing we were done, full, and had yet to receive the chicken wings or mozzarella. We once again flagged the server and told him we were tired and wanted to take the rest to go (which was nice considering most people would have cancelled the orders). No apology or anything he goes to look for the food. He stops by 10 min later to say it's almost done. Last time I checked some grilled wings and mozzarella required almost no perpetration. Not only that but we've been done for almost 20 more mins. All in all he finally brought our food wrapped to go with no apology or anything. The food at home did not take good, and we barely enjoyed our meal with minimal assistance. I know it's a bar, but the place was beyond loud, and the customer service needs A LOT of work. The Mac and cheese and sausage/peppers dish are the only reason I'm giving this place two stars.
Great sports bar! The bartenders are great... We ate at the bar and it was cool. We met a lot of cool people. I had the calamari and my wife buffalo wings. The wine was awesome. We really had no complaints. I really enjoyed myself.
Went out with some friends on a Saturday night and we were looking for some place new. We expected a long wait time, but were seated almost immediately. Their beer and wine selection was expansive and varied. We ordered a few of their many pizzas and they were great. The food came out fast, server was courteous and helpful. Definitely recommend.
Found this place to be decent -- the menu is kinda all over the place: Italian mixed with wings/bar food/fish tacos. Good beer selection though, nice space, outdoor seating, lots of  TVs.  Been a few times. Our waiter the other night was the manager and let's just say he's prob better off managing than waiting tables -- we waited 20 min for him to come by so we could get the check and he never stopped by after bringing our order to see if we were happy with everything.
Great food and drinks! Service was a little slow, but the food deffinatly made up for it! I had the stuffed rigatoni, and my boyfriend had the grilled cheese cheeseburger. Both were great!
This place is seriously one of the nicest casual dinner spots in Long Beach. It's in the old Grillfire spot so it's spacious and has great ambiance, and while it's a little on the loud (lively) side (so I wouldn't necessarily recommend going there for an intimate date), if you're looking for a fun, vibrant environment to grab some solid Italian food a huge beer selection, and/or catch a game, this place is tops. Food: I can only speak for the pizza which was really reasonably priced ($14 to feed two? Yes please) and it was excellent. Coupled with a huge beer list starting with their very delightful $3 Brixx lager. We got the pizza with the most meat - Grandma's Smashed Best Meatballs (because, um, hello?) And the Pizza in Purgatory - which wasn't my cup of tea, but not because it wasn't prepared well, just not my preference, my friends raved about it though. Drinks: $3 really delicious Brixx lager? Yup. Their beer list is extensive and for the area, incredibly priced. Waitstaff: Our waitstaff was courteous, respectful, and attentive. Not sure what else you could ask for, he didn't do any magic tricks for me, so there's that. Overall: This is one of the best, casual dining experiences that mixes good italian food, lively atmosphere, and sports. We've found our new friend meetup spot.
This place was great for a comfortable, casual dinner. My boyfriend and I got wings to start, delicious and fairly large. No tiny wings here like some places. I had the fish tacos for dinner. It comes with two and they were so tasty with there cilantro sauce. My bf had the grilled cheese cheeseburger which is a pretty amazing invention in itself. It was delicious! Prices at this place are also very reasonable.
Great addition to Long Beach. They have a great selection of beer on tap, and the food is consistently good. The Bianca pizza is one of my favorites. Should be a great place to watch to some football.
Went with my family on a Sunday, mid day. Not too noisy, the World Cup was on, a small crowd watching/cheering. Service was pretty good, food seemed to take a little while to come out. Very good food though, worth the wait. My wife described her burger as great, and restaurants rarely get a great review from her. We went to their baked goods takeout after the meal and the kids got gelato and cookies. Also very good. The girl at the baked goods gave us a discount, no reason, just to make a good impression. This place isn't cheap, we dropped $140 for 5 people, that included the tip and the gelato. That being said, I would definitely go back.
Very disappointing experience.  We were one of four tables in the restaurant, so being overly busy wasn't a factor.  Our server, while very nice, was forgetful and not very attentive.  We needed to get up and walk around to get someones attention several times.   We ordered two entrees and almost ten minutes later were informed they didn't have one of the menu items in stock.  I am unclear how it could take that long for the kitchen to realize they didn't have have veggie burgers. Our server made it a point to tell us it happens all the time.  My dining partner decided on another entree and asked for the fries to come out first since we were very hungry at this point.  Instead, his entire entree comes out.  Mine does not.  When it finally comes, it's small.  I had shrimp added on for $6.  They were four small pieces.  For $17, I should have been full from it.  I ordered another entree after. We ordered a beer that never arrived.  When we asked where our beer was, she asked us if we'd like to order one.  I reminded her we had already ordered one.  Oh.  And that beer was also not in stock if you were wondering. There were so many little details they got wrong.  It's a shame.  The space is nice, the food, albeit small, was decent, but it wasn't great overall.
Being born and bred in Brooklyn, NY I am very picky about my pizza......Their brick oven individual pies are off the hook. My daughter hates cheese and they customized an individual pie to her specifications and she loved it.....I am not a beer drinker but the waiter Ronnie or Ryan (it is very loud) was incredibly enthusiastic with his guidance and service......The only negative is it is VERY LOUD but worth it....Great addition to LBNY
Found it interesting that many of the people who review this place as 5 stars never reviewed a restaurant before on yelp..hmmm. This place is good for a bar crowd because you have to be sloshed to think this food is good. I ordered a pizza, which was ok. Apparently I got away lucky. Both tables on either side of me returned their food for another dish, or said "I'm ok". Not a good sign. Not sure what they ordered but they were entree pasta dishes. Also, what kind of Italian place serves wings and burgers? Are we in central New York? The place is too loud. Thought this was going to be like Ciao Baby, it's most certainly not.
The inside is nice the staff is friendly. Service is courteous, but the food is really a little disappointing.   I wasn't really hungry but I had read the menu and was pretty much a dying to try their wild mushroom pizza. 's the waitress tells me that the mushroom pizza is enough to serve two that will be their personal pan. So I order it for $17, only to realize that the pizza comes out and it's kind of cold the cheese is the regular crumbled goat cheese that you buy at Waldbaums , and the crust is just .... I don't know,it wasn't really pizza crust but to make it worse is the mushrooms... I have these mushrooms at home;they're dried mushrooms that you reconstitute in water ! This is what they served on my pizza!  and they were super salty . Overall I would say that while the ambience is fine I wouldn't really recommend the food. Because it is the new place, maybe I'll try to give it one more chance I'll keep you posted
Yeeyyy I can finally ditch Gino's , I'm not sure what the others are referring to but love this place, pizza is better, sauce excellent, calzones fresh, attitude so far is good. They have everything I need including bar... See for yourself I like it a lot.
The brick oven pizza was pretty good and the beer selection is large.  It's on the pricey side but the Brixx ale is only 3 bucks and it's a good light ale.  Our waiter was great.  My only complaint is I called ahead and was told I'd have a table in 20 minutes.  We got there and waited 45 minutes while 3 different employees seated people without communicating with each other.  My girl disappeared and when she came back I guess she told the other 2 that we were waiting a long ass time.  They actually brought out some shitty little dilapidated wobbly table and stuck us in the corner of the restaurant by the take out/ waiter area.  Real fun with a 2 and a half year old able to grab everything on an undersized wobbly table.   I'll go back, they were super busy, so I can understand. I also must point out the takeout menu.......tomato does not have a fucking E at the end!!!!!!!!!!
Place is awesome, Spacious and Comfy. Our large party was crazy late for dinner so we missed out on sitting and eating but we snack on some pizza by the bar. It was really good. Plenty of draft and bottle beers to choose from and a large liquor selection as well. Our bartender, Fran was great!
All positive! This place is absolutely on my top 5! It's a great atmosphere, servers are experienced...FOOD IS AMAZING!!! Their beer infused dishes are creative and delicious and their menu is full of so many items you cannot fail and definitely will not leave hungry on the contrary you will be COMPLETELY SATISFIED. If you haven't been, then go I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
Ate here for the first time tonight. When we got there the place was packed, but surprisingly the hostess got us seated right away. We had the meatball appetizer and the chargrilled barbecue wings to start. The meatballs are phenomenal. The wings were good, but not the traditional BBQ wings you would normally get. I liked them, just not what I was expecting. I would probably stick to the regular Italian starters next time I go. We had margherita pizza as our main dish and it was also delicious. The beer list is impressive. I went straight for a 9% Belgian- the beers are a bit pricey so I figured go for the most bang for your buck. Our waitress was sweet and very attentive which is a testament to the restaurant considering how busy it was and that they just recently opened. We'll definitely be back.
I held a charity  event here for 130 people last Thursday Night. The venue is beautiful, the food is excellent, and the management is impeccable. This is the best example of how to run a successful business. Good people and good food. Definitely try the different pizza's and baked wings, they are amazing. The 75 different beer choices also doesn't hurt! Garrett Guttenberg- Founder of The LB CHAIN
I was excited that a "craft beer" bar was opening in Long Beach, but after visiting my excitement quickly turned to disappointment. Most of the beers they have are bottled - making it no different than a sit down beer distributor. The beers they do have on tap are standard beers you see in most other bars. Nothing special. My biggest complaint was the music. It was so loud I couldn't hear a word my girlfriend was saying. A terrible place to bring a date. That being said, the brick oven pizza I ordered was pretty tasty. I don't know if I would go back unless they added a little variety to their tap beer and turned down the music.
This gem on park ave in long beach is exactly what this area needed. The old grillfire has transformed to the most beautiful brickoven pizza restaurant ive ever seen. The menu is awesome. Covers everything you can want. Craft specialty Beers from all over the world and an awesome wine list. I got the flight of beers to try a few different kind. Great option. The pizza was thin crust and cooked perfect. We had 3 pies one after the next. The wings were chargrilled and amazing. Brisket quesadilla was a great spin on your traditional quesadilla. Probably the coolest item on the menu is the cheeseburger between a grilled cheese! If you're in the mood to be a gavone then get that. Unbelievable. The service was impeccable. Hard to believe they are only open a week. I gave this place 5 stars for everything ive mentioned but if i could give 5 more for the staff and the owners Frank & Cameron who sat us and checked on us as well as the whole entire place, i would as well. Go check it out and you will not be disappointed. Congrats and best of luck.
Outstanding staff. Great food. Chicken scarpariello is fab. Great veriety menu. Just right amount of TVs for a sports bar. Only suggestion they have sound on for key game.
Really like this place but man had a bad experience once.  Annoying beyond belief waiter. .my meal came 15 minutes before my daughters pizza. No bread offered and $12 for a glass of wine. ..if its not happy hour and sit at the bar ots not worth it.  Barstaff is great
Fast service and a good variety of quality food selections. Only complaint is the noise; very loud sports-bar like feel.
Long Beach is always a chill spot and this bar has character. Nice setup and feel! Hard to find or come by bars in LI that have substance to them being I'm from Queens. Food was good and this will def be a fun spot to go to in the summer.
Liked it when it was Grillfire, so gave it a shot... 15 minute wait for drink order to get to the table, then another 45 minute wait for a burger and salad. Painful waiting in the noise. Left with a headache from the awful acoustics, had to yell across table to hear each other. Brixx burger was actually decent, so 2 stars.
Went there tonight for dinner they had an amazing selection of pizzas. The pizza was sooo good. The waiter was really good as well.  We had harry and he took good care of us. The gelatos are ridiculously tasty.  And we ordered a dessert pizza out of curiosity and it was amazing! It was a really unique place had all different kinds of tap beer and a really fun atmosphere and big screens everywhere you look. Great for watching march madness. Overall, this place was a big win!
Awesome place, great fun atmosphere.   Wings are incredible,  grilled makes a difference.
The pizza here is awesome. The best pizza in Long Beach. I have not yet tried their other dishes, most of which are not my cup of tea. But I love the pizza and will always come back for more.
I love this place. All the people that say italian food doesn't mix with beer are assholes. If you don't like them together, don't get them together. This place is great due to its diversity, it has something for everyone (which is probably the point) you can hang and watch the game, get great food, and if you're a beer drinker they have a really nice selection. I recommend checking it out
Hard to choose from the menu, I had the old Sunday rigatoni it was excellent but my girlfriends lobster tortellini was even better. The margarita pizza as an app hit the spot. Great beer selection and good atmosphere!!!
This place rocks !!! What an addition to Long Beach. It's different and it's great for anybody. Great food, great service and the spirit is alive again in LB!
Went Sunday for Dinner, the place was great. Had a hamburger with jalapeno, it was awesome! Service was good, waiter was knowledgeable about tap beer. Would  recommend this restaurant.
Nice ambiance,friendly waitress nice flat screens etc.Now on to the food Order the pizza! It's good...very.  Not a beer drinker but my son was thrilled with it As for the food don't bother.This is not an italian restaurant.They do not have anything worth eating other than salad or pizza.I had a burger....big mistake awful . French fries were soggy saturated logs...some of the worst I've ever had anywhere It's about pizza here people that's it! I hope they improve the burger and fries and overall food.long beach needs this place and it could be great
Great beer selection! I have been 3 times everything I ordered was great! Prefect place for a night out or a afternoon lunch! Service is great you feel like family! Brought my infant for lunch and they were very accommodating.
Duck tacos and Lobster mac n cheese apps were delicious! Highly recommend both.  Service was quick and friendly.  I will try the pizza next time I go.
Went here last week to celebrate a friend's birthday. We had a 6:30 reservation. We got seated after 7. They crammed 8 of us into a table for 6. The hostess said it was a temporary table that we were just ordering apps at. The waiter said we were staying there. Then we had an additional 2 people pop up at our table so they moved the 10 of us to a table for eight people. Part of the confusion was due to our increasing party size but part was the restaurant. I will give the benefit of the doubt that it is growing pains as the restaurant is still new. The beer- great selection per the beer drinking guys at the table. Only problem is they ran out of the beer my husband and out friends were drinking. Annoying. The food- their lobster mac is tied with Tisch's in Cape May for the best I have had. The pizza was compared to Pizza Hut pizza. The chili was ok. Our server was great but sadly I forgot his name (sorry.). I remember that he is also a teacher. The restaurant was so loud that we had to scream. When I came out of the restaurant my ears were ringing like I was at a concert. The gelato was good. The slice of rainbow cookie cake was immense. We  all agreed we would come back on a Wednesday afternoon when it was calmer.
Giving it 3 stars for uneven service. First time I went was last Saturday at 4:00 - had a great experience. We ordered the caesar salad to start, very lemony and nicely dressed. I had fish tacos and my husband had the Sunday sauce rigatoni pasta dish - both were really tasty. We also had the cannoli and gelato - delicious.  Good service, alittle loud but not too crazy.  I decided to get a takeout margarita pizza this past Saturday night - with sauteed mushrooms. The pizza crust was tough, no basil on it and mushrooms tasted canned. Disappointed, but I will give it another shot since the place was a zoo !
Came here with a friend on a Wednesday night  for dinner.  When you first walk in the place looks clean, modern and alive. The tables were half full and the bar was packed (this is Long Beach)  I ordered the Chicken Paillard and my friend ordered the Brixx house salad with grilled chicken. Now the wait is on.... About 40 minutes later our food arrives and the waiter and his trainee apologize for it taking so long but offer no reason why.  I took one look at the presentation of the Chicken Paillard and knew this was not going to be good... Imagine  a stack of pancakes butter on top, this is exactly what the chicken Paillard looked like. I think there were 3 or 4 layers of flattened chicken breast stacked on top of each other with some escarole thrown on top... You take one look at it and you lose your appetite..... Taste? I took a bite and the chicken was chewy, it went back, I ordered a cheeseburger instead as  I knew it would take the least amour of time to come out, I was right but the bun was hard  and I used a knife and fork to eat it instead of sending it back.  My friends salad with grilled chicken came out perfect and she was happy with her order.   In conclusion, the waiter and trainee were very nice although not knowledgable about  the menu items and were just guessing as to the ingredients.  I would come back here but will stick to the basics like the pizza that everyone around us seemed to be eating.
Another great night at Brixx and Barley in Long Beach! Food is awesome, service is attentive and the atmosphere is rocking!  Get there early for a good spot!
Great pizza and beer selection. I have been here a couple times and it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
Awesome place! The food is delicious and the service is great! Ryan is a great waiter, very friendly and knows the menu like the back of his hand. It has a great vibe and atmosphere and the drink menu is awesome!!! For someone who likes beer and likes to try different kinds, they have beer flights where you can try 4 different types of craft beers which is pretty cool. The lobster Mac and cheese is phenomenal and a must have along with the almond joy cake for dessert! It's a great addition to Long Beach and I will def be going back!
Back again for a second time. I had the short rib tortellini special. OMG it was amazing. Knocked out  two brick oven pies with my friends as starters. I was craving for the Angry Orchard cider beer with my meal however they switched to a pear cider this week. Not as good as the apple. Roasted wings were awesome. Really like that they are not fried. Ended with a gelato cannoli sundae. Priceless.
I recently visited this place with a bunch of my girlfriends and we were completely blown away! The food and service were both exceptional! The ambiance (although busy) was still relatively very relaxing. I highly recommend the lobster mac & cheese to anyone who goes there...ITS A MUST HAVE! Come the summer time i will definitely be returning!
This place is what the east end of Long Beach has been missing. The pizza is amazing, tons of TVs, and a great beer selection. I will definitely be back!!
Heard very good things about this place so we went there on Saturday night with my boyfriend and another couple, place was packed. Was told about a 2 hour wait for a table, so we went to bar to grab a few while we waited. This beautiful place has a great atmosphere and great selection of beers. We actually came across one of the owners, Anthony, who came over after he overheard us talking about the long wait. This guy was awesome, said he would find out what was going on and then got us a table immediately. Also made a great recommendation on beer after we told him we didn't know what to choose from (we got a sample flight with 4 different style beers, the creme brulee stout was heaven!) Food was good, we had the brick oven pizza with smashed meatballs and it was AMAZING! Definitely will be returning, but on a less crowded night. The two guys who own this place, Frank and Anthony, did a great job on making sure everyone was happy. A MUST TRY!
