Absolutely love this place. I can't speak for the restaurant, as I have only ordered food for delivery. They are kind, and willing to make sure that their customers are happy and well-satisfied. I love this place. Delivery is prompt and the food is hot and FRESH. The chicken vindaloo is EVERYTHINGGGGGGGGG. Absolutely delicious. The crab cakes are OUT OF THIS WORLD. I seriously NEVER order crab cakes anywhere and don't even like crab...so this is the only place I would order them from. Those crab cakes are FANTASTIC. I'm hooked. Everything from here is delicious. I'm literally like hoarding this food in my fridge until I order more.
I've ordered from here a few times.  The food has been very good and very consistent.   Chicken tikka masala was perfectly spiced; sag paneer was better than many Indian restaurants I've eaten at and their yellow dal was great.  As good as Indian Row in the east village.
Delicious Indian food that we needed in the Baldwin/Oceanside area. Went here Sat night and it apparently just opened. Was byob so we brought a bottle and enjoyed our meal. Since it just opened the service was a little jittery but we didn't mind. It's very small and all the family members were helping out. The samosas were excellent and the 2 dishes we ordered (chicken tikka masala and lamb rogan gosht) were cooked perfectly to our spice request. Def will be back here soon.
I never write reviews...But this place is amazing!! We go there to eat often and take out is just as good. We have tried chicken, lamb, and shrimp dishes...all great. Highly recommend!
The food was outstanding.  My wife and I went with another couple so we ordered many dishes and did the share thing.  With that being said, everything was solid.  The saag and tikka dishes were great as were the crab cakes.   I would stay away from the Samosa appetizer as that was the only weak spot.   The wait staff and owner are extremely friendly and showed just get right amount of attention.  The decor was uninspiring and needs some attention as it doesn't look like a lot of thought went I to it.  There is a lack of authenticity.  Back to the good......The best part is the "bring your own wine".  I left completely satisfied and full for only $60 total. (My wife and I).
Great Indian food. Everything is good especially the chicken vindaloo. The owner is very courteous and professional. Always check to make sure everything is alright with the food.
Two words: UH-MAZE!!!! I love chicken curry, and before finding this gem I'd travel to Queens for decent Indian cuisine. Well, not anymore!! This place is hands down amazing! Ordered the following with my fiancé: Samosas - full and rich in flavor, absolutely delicious, and nice portion (5 stars) Chicken Curry - sooooooo friggin good!! Usually I leave some leftovers, not with this one!! Seriously rocking chicken curry!!! (5 stars) Chicken Tiki Masala - absolutely divine!! Again, no leftovers lol (5 stars) Naan - perfectly warm, perfectly fresh, the way Naan should be (5 stars) Best part of the night, meeting the chef who greeted everyone in the dinning area. What a nice guy! Couldn't thank him enough for giving us such amazing food in the area. Can't wait to visit again and order some of this amazing food!!!
LOVE this place!!!  We are regulars here and I'm so delighted they decided to open in Baldwin.  Where to start?  Chicken tikka masala and chicken vindaloo - yum! Navratan Korma - vegetables in a rich nut sauce - Oh!  Garlic naan!  Appetizer of little potato patties with channa masala - YES!  Service is wonderful and the chef and his family really care about getting it right for their diners.  We've been here many times and have really enjoyed it each time.  And it's BYOB, which makes it less expensive.
Had to try this place after my daughter was raving about this place We had mulligatawny soup to die for. chicken tikka masala and saag paneer all delicious. the onion nan was great too. it came with rice not like some other places that charge extra. love that is BYOB for now.
All around fantastic without a drive to NYC.   Had the garlic shrimp, chicken korma, lamb kabobs, onion kulcha with a side of mango chutney.  Lamb was a bit chewy but moist and delicious as was the chicken. Delicious Korma sauce and the garlic sauce on the shrimp, which were fried but crunchy and not greasy, was sweet and tangy and delicious.  I am so very glad to have this place nearby and will be taking out regularly on my way home to LB.  We ate in this time and service was great. Very nice people.  Oh, 1/2 a papadum each was a bit skimpy cause I like the sauces so much 1 each would have been better.
Well, we gave Raagini a second chance & I'm happy to report the experience was much better. The owner is trying hard to straighten up the front entrance to make it presentable. As with our last visit, the service was great. This time all the dishes came out piping hot.  Complimentary poppadum was served with 2 dipping sauces.  The garlic shrimp appetizer was terrific.  Our Rogan Josh was good - the lamb was so tender I could cut it with my fork.  The nan bread was outstanding this time around. Give it a try.
Excellent food and service.  I'm very pleased  that they opened this restaurant in Baldwin
The food was delicious! I have a tomato allergy and they were very accommodating. They made food no tomatoes and the chef came out to talk to us. Great place I will be back!
Service is very polite; even the chef came out to see how everything is. It is in a small location, but feels cozy and comfortable inside. The spice level was spot on, was definitely not craving any more or less. The breads were perfectly cooked and had the right balance of toasty and soft. Was here for lunch so far and the portion was just right for a light meal. Definitely on the list for a frequent meal.
After 2 visits to Raagini, I really enjoyed the food.   The first time, I ordered my food mild.   I typically order mild at other Indian restaurants and still get burned.   Here the mild was too mild.  Fresh and tasty,  just not what I expected.    Second time around I ordered my food medium plus.   Much better!!  Exactly what I expect out of Indian cooking.  Very happy I no longer have to drive to Hicksville for a good Indian meal.   If you like your food mild, your fine.  Otherwise specify the level of spice you are looking for and you will not be disappointed.
I waited tables at an Indian restaurant in Denver for years, so was extremely happy to see an Indian restaurant move in around the block. We have ordered takeout from here twice so far, and the food is great. Just about everything we've had has been great: the samosas, chicken tikka masala, navratan korma, saag paneer, raita, naan and onion kulcha. The only negative thing I can say is that the mulligatawny soup was a *little* salty, but they had opened less than a week earlier than that, so I'm giving them a pass. Overall, everything is great - we are definitely working this into the regular takeout rotation.
Ordered take out on a saturday, service was quick and friendly.  The chicken tikka masala was delicious, flavorful, and tender.  We also ordered the garlic naan, which was also very tasty.  Portions were large, and our order was enough for two people.  Will definitely be going back to try more!
I loved my experience. Our server was from Nepal and we ended up having a great conversation about yoga and spirituality. It's so good to find community at dining establishments. The food is so well prices and so delicious. We went when they first opened and it was 50% off of everything so we really went to town. Got to try a lot of the vegetarian stuff on the menu and it was all wonderful. So glad we finally have an Indian restaurant near rockville centre! Also lastly sometimes at Indian places I ask for mild and it still comes so spicy, they really do a good job of accommodating requests.
Great food and atmosphere. From the moment you walk in you feel like your at a friends house. Attentive staff and the best thing about it is byob so bring want ever adult drinks you want.
Second time there. Food has been consistently excellent. Great friendly service. Definately will be back there often.
Great food... Indian food was needed in the area. I like the open kitchen concept but the place is small for the high demand, there isn't enough room in the waiting area so my recommendation is to call ahead and just go for pick up, although they deliver but delivery takes forever. They still need a few weeks to get situated.
Great new Indian restaurant in Baldwin!  My wife and I had lunch there and everything was delicious. Lunch is smaller portions of the dinner entrees at half the price. Service was good and very courteous. Making this a regular stop.
What a difference a day makes!   My first experience with their delivery order was  disappointing and I wrote about it on Yelp. The chef/owner Ram emailed me the next day, apologized and asked to make it right.  That night,  I tried their lamb and bbq eggplant, as well as their rice pudding dessert ... everything was superb! The food was exquisitely spiced.  I ordered from them again,  Ram's crab cakes were some of the best I've eaten - full of crab with a subtle Indian taste.  I highly recommend this restaurant for their food, courtesy and willingness to satisfy their customers.
before i begin, i must say that the waitress working here is a doll.  her voice, accent, and demeanor are adorable. ok, now onto the food.  for appetizers, me and my friend got crab cakes and somosas.  we both agreed that they were not a great beginning to the meal.  the crab cakes tried to do too much and the crab was completely lost in it and the cake took on a strange, coarse texture.  the somosas were clunky and bland. as disappointing as the appetizers were, the main courses more than made up for them.  the chicken tika masala was as good as i've had in any indian restaurant.  the chicken in it was probably the most tender pieces of chicken i've ever had in a tikka masala.  the lamb biryani was solid and flavorful as well.  the naan, while not the best i've ever had, was more than good enough to soak up all the curry and yogurt sauce. we both thoroughly enjoyed our main courses and would gladly come here again when craving really solid indian food.  we would, however, be more wary about the appetizers and probably stick to the entrees. p.s. - did i mention the waitress was adorable?
Didn't even know about the existence of Raagini until I found it on Yelp while doing a search for Indian restaurants.  In short, this restaurant which opened about two months ago should be successful. The waitstaff is very friendly and efficient and the kitchen turns out some very flavorful dishes. My wife and I shared the Samosa appetizer which was not only delicious but beautifully presented on a plate with julienned raw vegetables and a radish floret.  For entrees, I had the Lamb Pasanda, and my wife had the Shrimp Biryani...both excellent.  For dessert, the Gulab Jamun totally satisfied my sweet tooth.  We'll definitely be returning to this wonderful little eatery.
I hope they get enough patronage to keep this sorely needed traditional Indian restaurant alive. When they first opened, the price point was higher, and now they are probably on the mark or slightly under selling themselves. It is obviously a family run place by the look and interactions of the staff. They do seem to want to give the mostest with service, and for me it is borderline uncomfortable(admittantly, I have a personal problem at receiving too much attention). Decor was just my style with (probably handmade) wood carvings on the walls. The music is interesting and def not distracting from pleasant conversation. Most of the main dishes are prepared the way u would expect of any respectable Indian restaurant, but a couple of small items weren't up to snuff. Specifically the vegetable fritters were simply not an appetizing appetizer. Too much life was cooked outta them. Second order to avoid: dessert of two plain balls of dough in syrup that looked like it could have been found in the lowliest of diners. Don't get me wrong, I like this place and have eaten here three times and will continue to do so; I just don't want to sugar coat your expectations like they did for that undeserving dessert! If the yelp app was functioning correctly I would have looked up the names of the two dishes on the menu. Sorry, but not my fault!
the service was fabulous!!!! our waitress was super knowledgeable and very patient!! they checked on us several times throughout the meal. the food was outstanding...just the right amount of spicy!  even the chef came out to see if everything was to our liking. prices were reasonable..and when we got home, we saw the rice we had wrapped was topped off fresh :) the south shore has been missing an Indian restaurant for a while now...look no further!! we will become regulars! :)
