Great beer selection and great food. Lamb Burger was awesome!
Great new restaurant in Lynbrook (is it new? New to me, ok whatever) ! Interior is fab, wait staff is super nice and helpful, expansive menu. I ordered the Burger with Fried Egg (hello lover) and the Jungle Juice drink. Now, this is a special only for Sundays - I went on a Friday - and didn't realize, but sweet talked them into making me one. I'm so happy I did. They fill a HUGE mason jar with the blue stuff (technical term) and dump a bag of gummy bears and swedish fish in there, too. Let me repeat myself, in case you zoned out on that last sentence... GUMMY BEARS AND SWEDISH FISH IN MY ALCOHOLIC DRINK. At first you're like, wow this doesn't have any alcohol in it at all, what a jip. Keep drinking. Like a punch in the face that results in you SPOONING out all of the gummy goodness and seeing how many of your friends can catch them in their mouths once catapulted. Side note: nobody caught them in their mouths, we were all drunk. Also, i'm a lousy shot when i'm sober sooo whatever that point is obviously irrelevant. Go ahead have a great time. It's a very clean, respectable family restaurant. Don't let my review of me and my dumb friends deter you. We're an embarrassment everywhere.
I came into Brook 23 wanting to be a fan as i think a gastropub in the area for brunch and small plates and good meals is needed in the area.  was very impressed by the decor. service was excellent.  as suggested by other readers i had the salmon deviled eggs (impressed) along with a side salad (not so impressed, overly dressed and in need of a little more crisp greens ), an excellent seared tuna with quinoa (undercooked),  warm ginger vinaigrette was both flavorful and perfectly fragrant.  excellent selection of craft beer (again sorely needed in the area),  there will be a next time and it will involve duck fries and brunch/kids menu Suggestions:  1) prices should be down a little to support local family like clientele 2) desert menu should be enhanced for either seasonal or additional choices beyond a tart or two and some ice creams
Food is fantastic! Different from a "regular" pub. French fries have flavor and seasonings! Lemon infused mayo! Great beer selection. Only gripe...takes a long time for food...45 min for cheeseburger and grilled chicken sandwich on a Sunday night at 545 is a bit too long. Especially with a toddler at the table! But no worries, "the toddler" loved his meal too!
I am all for supporting local business and am thrilled that there's a new place like this on Atlantic.  It had a pretty good beer menu and some unique menu items.   Complimentary popcorn is served as a starter which is genius because it makes you want to order your beer sooner than later. My lobster roll sliders hit the spot.  My husband had lamb burgers.  They were good, but the sautéed mushrooms it came with was the highlight of the meal.  I've walked down the street past here to see live bands playing which is pretty cool.  Good service, good eats, good beer, good location  = we'll definitely be back.
As far as food quality this is some of the best food I have tasted on LI since I moved here, City like flavors and menu. Exceptional food I ate; Deviled eggs with Caviar, Short rib sliders, Duck fries. everybite was more flavorful then the next. Went here fo Brunch and delicous as well- short ribs eggs benedict- still thinking about it. I plan to become a regular here. If you dont live close by - it is worth the trip.
Great menu. I want to go back to try everything. First of all, the Kentucky Cider was great! It's a must drink for any Scotch or Bourbon lover. Started off with duck fries and it was out of this world. Would even be great as an entree! Made with pulled duck confit, duck gravy, cheddar, crispy garlic crumble. The Pork Prime Rib was a special and not on the menu. Grilled and served with arugula, and barbecued black eyed peas. Delicious. Great location, decor and service. Looking forward to my next trip back.
Brook 23 is awesome. The atmosphere is great, the drinks are excellent and the food... The food is AWESOME! The the waitstaff is very friendly and VERY knowledgable - we had Ryan (great guy). You NEED to try the Duck Fries they are amazing, and the Lamb Burger is perfection. If you like to try new kinds of food and twists of food that you don't see in many places - this is the place to go! Highly recommended
Wonderful experience. We started with smoked salmon deviled eggs...delicious. I had the short ribs...fabulous. And then came dessert...Nutella and strawberry crepe. One of the best desserts I've ever had.....ever! Mother's Milk stout on tap....delightful. Great atmosphere/decor. Excellent service. Will definitely be returning!
The only thing I agree with each and every previous reviews is that the ambiance is nice here. I know this caliber of restaurants in this area and surrounding areas.   The first thing I noticed I should have done, was to read the menu at the door.  There really wasn't much to choose from. And the prices seemed a bit too high for Lynbrook. This is not Manhattan. I had the "special" 3 small soft shell tacos and I mean small, priced at $20. The taste was good, a little spicy though. But $20 for 3 tiny tacos you would get at any happy hour as an appetizer? After finishing my tiny spicy tacos, I needed something to kill my hot mouth and to fill me a little.  So I ordered the mint chocolate chip ice cream, 2 scoops...because I'm still hungry.  What I got was a small finger bowl/plate with the equivalent to maybe 1/2 scoop of baskin and robins portions for a scoop. I said something to the waitress about the portion size and she agreed and said they have been talking about that but obviously did nothing about it.  She also informed me that she actually gave me 4 scoops instead, that's when I asked to speak with the manager, which I did.  I believe his name was Mike.  He was a very nice man. and wanted to know what I think.  So I honestly told him.  The portions are too small, the prices are too high. He seemed to take it all in but really I doubt it. He asked about the pricing of the tacos.  I told him honestly, this was equivalent to a small appetizer and should not be an entree and it should be priced no more than $12 not $20.  Trust me, I know prices of food in the area, we eat out at least 4-5 times a week.  Upon hearing what I had to say, he thanked me and said he hopes to see us again.  He made no effort to make things right by either adjusting the check or even offering us something on the house since I did tell him I'm still hungry and was going to meet friends across the street at Vincent's Pizzeria. In my eyes this man has no business being a manager of a restaurant. So after we left, we went to Vincent's across the street and both enjoyed a slice of Sicilian pizza.  I had more satisfaction with one slice and a coke at a 1/4 of the price. This is my honest opinion.  So if you're not really hungry and don't care about the value of the food and only want good ambiance, this is your place.  For me, I feel for the price and size of the  portions, I'll keep my money. If I feel like just hanging with friends at the bar, I'll have no problem with that either.  I'm sure glad I'm not a drinker though. Also, I will go back there another time, only to take pictures of my food and dessert and I will post it to show just what I mean, with a copy of the check. For 2 orders of small tacos and about 1/4 scoop of ice cream, and two cokes, I spent about $54,   $65 with a tip.  That's just freaken high.
We moved to Long Island a few years ago & haven't been able to find a place that we liked, until now. The food is fantastic (I love the burgers, Mac & cheese & salads), the atmosphere is great (not stuffy or old fashioned) & it has the best bar/beer selection outside of the city. You should go, you'll love it too.
Worst service in lynbrook . Me and my wife walked in ready to have good time. Nice ambiance. Not so nice staff. The place was not packed but we waited 15 minutes and no one ever came to our table. Thought they were understaffed. Not the case as I watched 2 waiters standing behind manager just waiting for table in dinning area to need service. Waiting for Manager who appeared to be attentive, to notice us; and nothing. He seemed to only notice center tables obvious to him. Oh and the umbrella on the floor that belonged to lady at the bar. Yes, if we could see these details how could he not see us waiting with menus down & no glasses on our table. The hostess came around to the ladies next to us to check how things were going. What? We ended up leaving and hostess didn't get it-smiling as we walked out the door. Of course, I know how long we waited because my wife turned her stopwatch on after a few minutes. She was pissed. DONT GO THERE... The place next door Angelina's was great!
This place should be your local go-to for Sunday Funday. For fall, they are stepping up their pumpkin beer game with a caramel sauce and pumpkin spice rimmed glass. Additionally, their bloody Mary cocktails are unbelievably decadent and include hot dogs or shrimp on skewers- an instagram pic waiting to happen.
As we were walking down the street looking for dinner, we saw this place finally opened up so of course we popped in! Brook 23 is in the old J.Mags/Village Square spot on Atlantic Ave. The decor is very Americana, and it feels clean and fresh. We were sat at our choice of table or booth, so of course we chose booth. There were quite a few people considering the soft open, but the noise level of the music and the people was very comfortable. Our server, Rob, was friendly and walked us through the menu - a great touch considering they're brand new. Overhearing other servers they're all on the same page...everyone had recommendations for their tables and something they loved on the menu. They've got a wine list, cocktails broken down to mason jars, up, and rocks - and a nice list of bourbons. The specialty cocktails are focused around bourbons, and it feels like bourbon and wine are the go-to here. As for food, they've got "bites" and small plates, salads, a few sandwiches (lamb burger, grilled cheese, chicken sandwich), burgers and a short entree list that covers meat, seafood and vegetarian. For cocktails, we went with the peach julep (Bulleit Bourbon) and the vanilla old fashioned (Woodford Reserve). Both were very bourbon-y, so an excellent choice for someone who appreciates the spirit! As an app, we decided on the duck fries. Yeah, that's duck confit on thin French fries. Oh man, it was great. It reminded me of poutin, but thinner gravy and with duck all over it. I could definitely see eating that during a night of testing the cocktail menu, or maybe even with eggs for brunch (hint, hint!). Fab start for sure! For entrees, we decided on burgers - the 1000 Island and the Chili Burger - both medium. First thing first, they actually came out medium. Stellar. Shouldn't be so shocking but it seems so rare that it actually happens! The 1000 Island tastes like the million times better version of that fast food standard with the special sauce. On the other burger, the chili wasn't spicy, and was made with cinnamon. Super flavorful and not even a little bit dry. Although we didn't save room for dessert, we went for it anyway. They have boozy milkshakes (dubbed the 21-and-over shakes)! After some debate and leaning toward the Coffee option, we ended up settling on the Peach Bourbon shake (you know, keep with the theme). Holy cow, this thing was great. Excellent consistency, roasted peaches blended in with the skins still present (which might be weird to some people but man that flavor was worth it) and a thick whipped cream and cinnamon dusted over the top. Didn't really taste the bourbon, but it's not like I missed it either. I took a shot in the dark ordering this one, but I'm so glad that we did! TLDR: ambiance is good, service is attentive, staff knowledgeable, delicious food and some surprising choices. Definitely glad it's open and we will absolutely be back.
I really enjoyed a visit to this hip new Gastropub. It has that young Brooklyn feel to it and it's a perfect fit for downtown Lynbrook.  We made reservations online, because I had no idea what the crowd situation might be on a Friday night. Thankfully, it wasn't crowded and we were able to secure a nice booth.  Love the decor, bluesy music in the background and the compact menu is easy to navigate. It's available to look at on their website.  The staff were helpful and very nice to us.  My wife ordered Salmon, and I ordered a special, Smoked Chicken Nachos.  Although we cleaned our plates, my wife's Salmon was lacking and definitely needed a sauce, as it was a bit dry.  I'd suggest the chef consider adding a citrus sauce, or a spicy sauce.  My Nachos were excellent, and a bit deceptive, not really Mexican  (as expected) style but more BBQ in style.  We shared a peach tartlet for dessert which was also tasty.  I'm looking forward to a return visit to sample the burgers which include a Lamb Burger.  They also have a brunch menu that includes eggs and berry pancakes.  Very cool place and we would eat here again. An excellent alternative to Rockville Centre.  Cost for the two of us including gratuity was exactly $60.00.
Just moved to Lynbrook from farther east on Long Island after getting married.  Brook 23 has already become our go-to spot in town for a good beer and a relaxed atmosphere.  The food is a notch above your average bar/pub food and many of the dishes bring a unique level of creativity.  It's tough to find a good variety of pickles as an appetizer anywhere, but they do that sort of stuff well at Brook 23!  It has a Brooklyn vibe in Lynbrook.  My wife and I can't wait frequent this place on Saturdays or Sundays in the fall as well since they are already advertising some awesome football specials to come!
Excellent food and excellent service. You must try the duck fries, pretzel, Mediterranean plate and salmon. Those are my faves but everything here is seriously so good. They run great specials and have tasty drinks. Definitely try the Kentucky Cider and French Pear!
Great food, good beer menu, nice bouton selection, good atmosphere, and a fun staff. This place is well worth a visit.
This place is excellent. Great atmosphere, good beer selection, and the lunch menu is very reasonably priced for the quality. I had the short rib grilled cheese, which the waiter correctly described as "ridiculous". I hope this place lasts forever, because Lynbrook is lacking in good restaurants, and this bbq place is just what the Dr. ordered!
My husband and I had dinner here last week.  So glad to finally have an amazing dining option in Lynbrook!   First off the decor and ambiance is awesome.  Trendy, gastropubish, without pretense.  Very Americana meets England in a subtle, cool way. We had the salmon deviled eggs and kale salad as appetizers.  The deviled eggs were unique and the kale salad was very good - not charred (the waiter informed us the chef made a last min menu change not to char the kale b/c it tasted better raw).  In any case, I love salad and it was awesome.   For entree, I had tomato soup, which was pretty good, but I wished I chose something more exciting afterwards.  My husband had the duck fries, which he loved.  I don't eat meat so I didn't taste it.  My husband raved about it. The service was A+ and I'm a super pain in the azz diner- I always ask for modifications and have high expectations when it comes to service.  So I am happy with how attentive the staff is. The dessert selection was OK, but what blew me away was adult milkshakes.  What a great idea, and and excellent way to set yourself apart from other restaurants!   I think the milkshake thing (if not the food), will put this on the map of "great LI food experiences." Can't wait to go back.
Burgers, sliders and duck confit are just a few of my favorite things to eat.  Best pickles & homemade chips anywhere.  Yummy salads & entrees as well.  Check out the shakes while you're there.  A great find in Lynbrook. Great atmosphere.
I had the smoked salmon devilled eggs, grilled salmon with bacon dressing and nutella/strawberry crepes. They were delicious, and the staff was great too. It didn't hurt that my seahawks were crushing the chargers while I ate either.
Lynbrook really needed a place like this.  The design, decor and ambiance in the restaurant is welcoming, the service is attentive and the menu is original and eclectic.  I was impressed. We ordered the duck fries appetizer, lamb burger and seared tuna.  Everything arrived in a timely manner and was cooked perfectly.  We definitely will return.
Went here last night ...great food and even better staff ..we had my 1 year old nephew with us and the staff treated him like family ...so cute! Will def be back
Food and ambiance were great.  So nice to have a great nee restaurant in lynbrook since I usually end up in rockville centre or long beach.  Good selection of wine and tap beer. Tuna tartare was excellent also the kale and mushroom salad. My husband loved the short rib sliders ad the bacon ad egg burger.  Pretzel was delish and friend said the bean and corn soup was also very good
I have been here twice, and both experiences have be great. The duck fries are definitely worth getting, it has braised duck melted cheese and toasted garlic. Kale salad you see on every menu now, but theres had a great dressing on it that made it worth ordering if your into kale. The lamb burger was also really good but the bread was too big and thick to really taste all the ingredients. They have a great selection of beer and the service is nice and well trained. Lynbrook can definitely use a restaurant like this, I hope people support this place. Prices are reasonable as well.
I am so happy that this place is finally here, filling the void that was The Beanery.  I came here once with my husband and some friends and once to dine alone when my husband was at work.  All the staff are friendly, warm and accommodating.  The food is excellent.  The portions are generous and the menu has an eclectic twist to it.  We will definitely be back!  Now, if they would only update (and clean) the Lynbrook movie theater, we would have the perfect date night in Lynbrook.
Was happy to find this place - the decor/ambiance is why I'd go back - very Gastropub, Americana.  It's upscale without being at all fancy.  Restaurant area in the back with tables and booths (but definitely not a diner).  Bar area up front.  Plenty of screens to watch the game - but again, not a sports bar.  You could go there with friends or even with your kids (a bit of a stretch, but they'd be OK).  The food was fine - we had the shroom mac & cheese (nice but not a wow), the beet & feta salad - very nice, tuna tartare (needed something else on the plate).  The beer selection is wonderful - hard to choose - some old favorites and a lot of new ones too.  Also very cool drinks menu.  Presentation is great.  Looking forward to returning.  Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.
Wow! A NYC quality restaurant has finally come to the south shore of LI. Brook23 is the whole package... with their warm Americana decor and blues/rock music setting the mood to the knowledgable and attentive staff and management to their incredible food. The tuna tartar with crispy avocado was my absolute favorite but the drunken mussels with andouille, the short rib sliders and the duck fries were all packed with flavor and delicious!!! The entree special of sliced sirloin with creamed spinach and beer battered onion rings was a beautiful plate of food to admire, a perfect portion size and an absolutely memorable course. I have already made reservations to go back Father's Day. Don't miss trying this incredible Long Island gastropub. It will become your new favorite restaurant!
