These guys saved me after having a crappy curry wurst and fries next door at Currywurst Company.  Ordered burger, fries n milkshake.   Happy to share it as the fries portion is ridiculous. Would only recommend the fries and milkshake here. Burger itself was flavorless w zero condiments. Fries are hot, crispy with skin and right amount of salt. Milkshake is fluffy n not too sweet. If you are craving fries, get your fix here!!!!!
Slow as shit and there are only 8 of us here. Same greasy burgers you'd expect from this chain. Only A LOT SLOWER HERE.
I love Five Guys. It's definitely something I'm always up for, especially right after the beach. There's something about crispy fries after the hot sun that attracts my taste buds! Very similar to other Five Guys, but I enjoy this one and their location. -Staff- Always friendly and willing to wait while you decide the monstrous burger you order- and they never judge when you add whatever you want (Thousand Island dressing, please!) And, of course, the extra fries in the bag. -Food- If you've never been to Five Guys- you need to. Just so you're aware, everything is cooked in peanut oil! So those who are allergic (like my brother) have my sincerest apologies. They offer single and double burgers (maybe triple too?) I personally think a single is more than filling. Standard burgers but you can add lots of toppings (including steak sauce!) which is really awesome. They also have grilled cheese which is awesome for veggie friends (and grilled cheese with bacon for non-veggie friends). The fries are TO DIE FOR. So delicious and crispy. They always give extra. I'd order a regular if you're the only one eating because you will get extra fries!
I must be bat stick crazy for forgetting to review this joint.  Although it's been around for a couple of years and although I've heard a lot of good things about the place and although grease pit food is near the top of my "Things I Really Wish I Could Marry And/Or Keep Locked In My Closet/Basement" list I for some odd reason never made it down there until about 6 months ago.  The first time I was there I got....I actually don't remember exactly, but I THINK it was a colossal mammoth mess of a burger.  Oh wait!!  No, the first time I didn't want to go nuts with toppings, I wanted something a bit more plain so there wasn't any "covering up" of the actual burger.  So I ordered my go to classic, the good ol' bacon cheeseburger.  Sure, I also got lettuce and tomato, as well as a side of the cajun fries since everyone and their tax attorney demanded I get them.   I placed my order, sat down, and as I waited for my ticket to get called I took a quiet moment of romance and inner reflection.  Sitting alone in a new grease pit awaiting my first order of grease rooted edible items, stomach growling, looking around, observing others enjoying their greasy goodness, the sound of paper bags crunching, wax paper crackling, slurping of enormous sodas, the heavenly wafting aromas of grills....grills covered with searing beef.....ooooooooohhh mmmmmmm.   Yeah, okay, so THAT was weird.  I get my order, sit down, reach my hand in the bag and I swear EVERYTHING was covered in grease!  This is going to be perfect!  Using my will power I set the burger to the side and decided to start nibbling some of these cajun fries I've heard so much about.  I became quickly saddened.  I understand many people love them because of how overly seasoned they are, but for me, they were no bueno, which is spanish for muy mal.  It wasn't cajun at all, just lots of, I don't even know what seasoning, all over them.  But I'm aware this is a personal preference.  If you go there, get them.  Everyone else loves them. However, this did raise an alarm.  I looked at my burger still enwrapped in its foil with puppy dog eyes (I had the puppy dog eyes, not the foil) and politely asked if it could please be really really good for me, just this once.  It said,"Just shutup and bite me!  And stop talking to your food!  It makes you look crazy!"   I open the wrapper, it looked great and greasy as it should, I took a bite, and I swear my head almost fell off my neck.  There's a moment when you bite something that just seems so perfect in that instant, as though that moment was created specifically for you and whatever you just bit, that your whole body just kind of goes limp for a second.  Well in this instance my neck seemed to decide to not hold up my head any longer.  My eyes also seemed to want to turn around and look at the inside of my head.  Maybe I should get that checked out. My burger was finished in about 30 seconds.  It was just too good, I felt as though I was stuck in some eating frenzy vortex.  I'd also like to say again, in case you didn't get the point earlier in this review or all the other ones that say the same thing.  These things are GRRRRRRREASY!!!  But oooh so worth it. I've been there several times since.  Instead of getting fries as a side with my burger, now I just get another burgers as a side with my burger.  They have an army of toppings to mix and match so each visit can always be new.  My favorite so far has been cheddar and swiss, sauteed mushrooms and onions, bacon, lettuce, tomato, A - 1, a touch of mayo, and a touch of hot sauce.  BAM!! Burgers are 5 stars easily (as far as grease pit burgers go, which is what they're ranked as, these aren't gourmet burgers).  I gave 4 because I'm not a fan of their fries, but as I said, that's obviously just me.  Go here as hungry as possible and eat until you can't move.  If you see me there and I'm eating keep your arms and legs away from my table.  Accidents sometimes happen when I'm in the craze.
mmmm.....burgers. I LOVE ordering online.  I do, I really really do.  maybe its cause I'm lazy, maybe cause I like technology, maybe cause I don't feel like such a pork chop ordering online then in person. I walk past five guys every day, twice a day, and haven't succumbed...until last week.  And I'm glad I did - cause it was good, the options are endless, they give you a repulsive amount of fries... if you're a normal human, you can deal with the little burger...which isn't that little.  The big burger - is huge.  Regular fries - plenty...they basically just give you a sack of fries.  I love that its right across the street from burger king and they dont care!  they're like 'whatever, I'm better than you burger king, I'll set up shop here with my delicious burgers right in your face.  and what"  I will admit that it can be a little greasy, so it literally is the perfect food for a hangover or to prep before going out...or to maybe just have a treat. Don't be that guy that orders a bunch of big burgers and large fries...and then can't finish them. don't be me.  Unless you have a dog that happily eats your leftovers.
I have been to several Five Guys Famous Burgers and Fries in Manhattan, Virginia, DC and Long Island with this location being very consistent and good. Standard setup, Burgers, Fries, Sodas, Peanuts, etc. Restaurant is clean even during busy sunny weekends with Beach goers. Service quick, efficient and friendly. Your in, your out, your eating, your done. No frills operation for the volume of business they do with LIRR also across the street. Burgers are tasty, moist, juicy. Fries are fresh with massive amount for a small order. Standard pricing. If your looking for a quick bite and inexpensive meal this Five Guys is a good option in the Long Beach area.
This was my first time at Five Guys! The line was short, we got our food pretty quick. Andres ordered a cheese burger and I a cheese dog. I didn't get to try his burger. I'm sure next time I will, but that cheese dog was absolutely amazing. The way it was cooked. The cheese is was dripping off the dog. It was heaven. I left full and satisfied. The decor is super cheesy though with tons of promotion all around the restaurant.
For it's genre of restaurant, this place is as good as it gets. Fresh, gigantic burgers cooked to order with basically whatever topping you can think of. Fries spilling out of the bag. This place is a toilet's nightmare.
There is a Burger King on one street corner and a Five Guys on the other. If you choose Burger King, Yelp should revoke your membership. Double Bacon cheeseburger with jalapenos is my go-to...but you can design your burger any way you like. If you order a LARGE fry, you're a gluttonous bastard because a SMALL can feed a small African village. Complimentary peanuts? Why, thank you! Limited menu: Burgers, Hotdogs, Fries...that's pretty much it.   A little pricey for fast food, but then again,  it's way better quality than any other fast food joint.
I've got burgers on my mind with Memorial Day Weekend coming up.  I don't think I can wait till BBQ Fest for a juicy, flame-grilled burger. Five Guys saves the day with their savory, juicy, gluttonous burger!  I get mine with cheese, jalapenos, mushrooms, grilled onions and tomato.  Fries are amazing, although I don't understand why they give one person enough to feed a family of four...No biggie, but wasteful, so I usually pass them up.  I'd recommend they start serving sweet potato fries - Sweet would go so good with the spicy I put on my buns! This is absolutely the best burger in Long Beach - None of you independently owned restaurants have a burger that comes close to this chain that's "off the chain!"
Wow, after 8 years my son finally began eating burgers -- yes, here at Five Guys.  Best burger and fries place that has come around in quite a while.  I will always chose Five Guys over any other chain place because the meat is fresh, the fries delicious and every burger is made to order.  You cannot get better than that for a fast serve.
The burgers here are definitely great. I am from california so we have in-n-out burger, and Long beach has 5 guys. You get to customize your burger as you can choose all the toppings on your burger. The ingredients taste fresh and the burgers are juicy. The burgers are a la carte so you have to order fries separately and you DEFINITELY have to order the fries. They are delish and are big in portion. One thing unique about this place is that they have free peanuts up for grabs in the restaurant. They just have a big box full of peanuts and you can just grab a cup load and munch on some peanuts while you wait for your order.
I did not eat here but my girlfriend did order some take out, so I will not be able to talk about their service but I can talk about their burgers. I must say Juicy and just the right amount of toppings. My double burger came with bacon, onions, mushrooms and two slices of melted cheese. One of the best burgers I have had in a while. The fries was crispy with not too much seasoning. For my big appetite this burger was filling. I will be going here again and getting some burgers.
On an island with an abundance of guidos, minivans and 30 year olds living at home, it is hard to believe there is such a shortage of 5 Guys; which makes this one worth the drive, so long as its not a drive longer than 25 minutes.  It's not that this place isn't good, but seriously, no drive should be longer than the food you're going to eat.  But I digress.... What I like about 5 Guys is their unapologetic hatred for anyone with a peanut allergy.  While most schools have a strict "no guns, drugs or peanuts" policy; 5 Guys says, if peanuts are as dangerous to you as a gun, we don't what I you.  Free unlimited peanuts at the table.  Fries cooked in peanut oil.  You've been warned. The burgers are great and the prices on par with the neighboring Burger King, yet the quality far surpasses the normal fast food.  The Burgers are cooked to order and with the abundance of toppings to choose from, it distinguishes the 5 Guys experience from the like. Why does it lose a star?  Because at the end of the day, it's just a premium fast food burger.
After a late evening at the beach I headed in here starving. No line. But there were closing, usually I see the line out the door. I ran in . No one rushed me to make my order. Took my sweet time and the guy told me not to order two separate orders of fries. They were closing so they gave me like all the fries they had. It was awesome. I ate fries for the rest of the week lol friggin delicious! Had the veggie sandwich with everything but raw onions and relish on it. Delicious. I was full and I didn't think I would be from a bun filled with veggies.  Pretty damn good. They also helped me pump my ketchup and didn't complain about all the sand I brought in. (it was a lot!) Five guys is always delicious though. This one is def the perfect stop after the beach.
Usually i go to the five guys in Levittown NY and im always satisfied with the price and food, but the other day i was in long beach so i stopped into that location only to find that the prices are jacked up, and that the hamburger meat was dry as a bone. I wouldnt even feed that stuff to my dog. Next time i eat a burger, im headed over to jakes way back. Better prices, better food
BTW, I am the girl on the 2th picture.. haha! Enjoy :)
One of my fave Five Guys. Stop here for lunch every time I'm in the area. Clean, Fast & Tasty. Not all Five Guys are created equal.  This one is run well. I'm not much for Fast Food but I do like a burger with jalapenos and they do it well.
Our favorite burger on Long Beach! We normally have a no chain restaurant rule...but Five Guys makes this easy to break. I love the fries here...restaurant style burger and fries at a fast food place. I get a double with bacon ketchup mayo grilled onions lettuce tomato and jalapeño! Sloppy but amazing.
This review is long overdue...I've frequented a few of the Five Guys in the area and they're all consistent, so this review applies to all Five Guys stores. They give you the option of adding the works or not for your burgers, regular or Cajun fries that come in boatloads and boxes full of peanuts for the munching while you wait. Some of the other reviewers mentioned price. Are you kidding me? These are the same people who find McD's to be a great deal with a value meal of $5.79, despite the fact that you don't even know whats in most of their mediocre "food". I've worked on the UES, downtown Manhattan and live in LI, in comparison, Five Guys prices are not that bad!!!! Check out my pics of the gluttonous delight! Please, go eat and be merry!!!!!!!
I love these burgers! They're just always so yummy! The lettuce and the tomatoes are always fresh.  I love the customizable toppings.  The fries are great.  Free peanuts are cool.  Definitely one of my favorite burgers.
Decent burger,  though on the greasy side.  Fries are good too and they really pile them on.  This place is a good step up from the other fast food burger joints. I ended up paying $14 for the meal, that seemed high.  For that price you can sit down in a more comfortable restaurant, elsewhere in town, and have a REAL burger.
I LOVE Five Guys.  Best burger of my life so far, hands down. In recent years I haven't been much of a burger eater, but when my boyfriend suggested Five Guys for our Friday lunch I figured, why not?  We had been there once before but I had not been hungry and just picked at my boyfriend's fries.  But this time I was in the mood for a burger. My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger and I ordered a little cheeseburger.  Their burgers come standard as a double, so if you're like me and that's not your thing you'll have to order a little burger.  We were able to pick our toppings and customize our burgers to our likings. The place was hopping for lunch, but we didn't have to wait too long.  I've had longer waits in Burger King and McDonalds. It was the perfect burger.  Not too much mayo, nice fresh lettuce, just the right amount of cheese...juicy and delish.  I was worried that the little burger would be tiny and White Castle-esque, but it was just right.  Filling, but I had just enough room to [attempt] to finish my fries. Between the two of us, we still couldn't finish one order of fries.  That's how many they give you.  When you get your paper bag of food the bottom is heaped with fries, it's just a never-ending bag. Five Guys is a little pricey, and that's what keeps us from going there more often and gaining an extra 100 pounds.  It's definitely worth a visit every once in a while!
Best burger in Long Beach.  Possibly best in NY. From the first bite, you can tell that the ingredients are fresh.  The beef is tender and flavorful.  The fries seal the deal. Next time you're craving a burger, go to Five Guys.  Going to Burger King is like turning down free Yankees tickets to see the Long Island Ducks.  Don't be that guy.
1st time was nice; 2nd time not so nice :(   No customers in front of me or at counter, as I stood waiting to be helped for over 2 minutes.   Finally guy with glasses & mustache at end of counter with arms crossed looks my way and says paraphrasing( I'm down here!, you being helped.), as  if I was interrupting him, and to say, i'm supposed to ask, and look for help; while no customers around and he's standing around with arms crossed lol, and I just walked in, and finished looking at menu, and was looking around for help. What crap customer service; I looked at him smiled and walked out, and went to Burger King across street; burgers there are as good or better any ways. Last this place will see of me.  They should hire people who like having a job in this economy.
my kids and i love five guys! yes it's greasy, yes it's fattening but once in a while after a game, the boys love to stop there and eat or take it home......they have grilled cheese for my younger two girls and they have cheeseburger that are awesome as well as great hot dogs for my teen boys. the fries are delicious and the only downsides are the price and the (at most times) wait. love us some five guys !
Yum yum and yum. I'd give almost ANY Five Guys place in Long Island/NYC 5 stars - the burgers are delicious and fresh - as are the fries, which are made right there! The only downfall of this Long Beach location is the lack of parking nearby. You'll most likely have to park a few blocks away, but in beautiful weather, the walk is welcome! The funniest part? There's a Burger King across the street!
It's been a month since I last came to Five Guys (and Long Beach). I still think about their fries. I still think about their burgers-- mine with lettuce, tomatoes, jalepenos, hot sauce, and a little mayo. I still salivate over the food. I suppose I can assuage the cravings for Five Guys by going to the one in College Point, but there's a certain charm with the one in Long Beach that I don't want to ruin. Definitely one of the most popular eateries around town.
Five Guys' bacon cheeseburger stilled my heart, but I wouldn't mind if this were my last burger on Earth. So fracking delicious, I can't get it out of my mind!!
Yeah it's a chain, but damn is it good.... hahaha
Sweaty fat people everywhere.  It's across from the train in a beach town  Overpriced burgers. Fries were great. Wait was long.
"Ten outta Ten."
5 Guys Burgers and Fries....delicious!!
The burgers are decent, but way overpriced. I would rather go to Nathans in Oceanside, NY then here.. Just my opinion.
Delicious burgers and consistent with the other locations in NYC. When I'm too lazy to grill my own burger, I just jump on my cruiser and ride down to Five Guys. Its always perfect, with a generous serving of fries. YUM! But be careful beach bunnies! We have keep it tight for the summer.
This is one of my favorite Five Guys locations just because it's near the beach. I also like the simple layout. And of course, the food does not disappoint. Hands down one of my all time favorite chain burgers.
Five Guys.....famous for their burgers and their unpeeled rustic fries. Best eaten around summer time as it redolent warmer times. This one is my favorite location as it fits well after a long walk along the boardwalk.
I would give this place a 4 star if THEY MADE MILKSHAKES ALREADY! But overall a good burger and fries. Order the small fries because they double up on your order. Little bacon cheese burger and small Cajun fries every time I go here
EXCELLENT, Quick, Same as always and good value, what more can you ask for?  Great as usual
The lines are long at times, but there's nothing like a good burger after a day at the beach. Good customer service, great non-greasy food, and a plethora of non traditional soda fountain options (free refills too)!
A fast food place.  Pretty good.  Good burgers.  Fresh food and good quality.
Hmm what can I say. I expected more from Five Guys when I  visited this location. Now I have eaten at the ones in Ga, Al, Calif, NY and Dc Metro area. This one is one of the worst locations ever. I am not a big fan of there burgers as I think In and Out Burgers are better in Calif and also Milos Burgers in Birmingham Al, Whataburger in Tx and Take Out in Carolina. I like Five Guy as they are usually consistant. This location was not the cleanest one as compared to others even the one on Blecker Street  in NYC on a busy Saturday afternoon. There was a lot of beach traffic I was told as its summer  time. Ok that is fine but ramp up the staff and assign someone to clean the bathrooms and dining quaters more frequently. The burgers were not a moist as the ones I had in other locations. I am used to having that sucker fall out of the bun as of all the toppings and sauces I add. This one just dropped in my stomach as it was like a clump of overcooked beef. I did return it and ask for another it was a lil better. Maybe its the cook or the meat that day. The fries now I love fries I travel just for good fries and I make what I like to say are the perfect Martha Stewart fries. Crisp on the outside and just the right texture on the inside. These fries sucked. I order Cajun fries they were hot out the grease but limp and overseasoned. I would expect more from a 13usd meal also. Next time in the area I will eat someone elsewhere.
Overrated.
I eat my meat rare. This place only serves well done burgers, but I have to say they are very juicy & tasty. Variety of toppings is awesome and fresh and FREE!!
If you are looking for a good burger that you can customize with a great selection of toppings, go to Five Guys! Their burgers are fresh and their fries are awesome. You can also enjoy munching on some free peanuts when you go there to eat. Each burger has two patties on it (but you can order one with a single patty) and they give you A LOT of fries!
five guys reminded me of an "in and out". They have dedicated customers and loyal fans.  I got a 1/4 pounder loaded with roasted red pepers and jalapenos. I should note they are very generous with the amount of fries they give you. The cost was resonalble but to add a soda is like an additional 3 dollars and you definitely need one to wash down those fries. In fact the store was stocked with bags of potatoes around the tables. definitely a good burger joint but not the best. About 10 bux for lunch.
Good service, pretty quick on their feet. Sloppy but great food.
You can't miss Five Guys, if you get off at the Long Beach LIRR stop, its right across the street so it's in a prime location. Also it's across the street from a Burger King, so you can play the "contrast, and compare" game, and you would see that Five Guys is awesome. Five Guys is simple, and to the point. There entire menu is 16 items, not including fries, and drink.  You can get either one of four of the regular hamburger/cheeseburger combos, or one of the four little hamburger/cheeseburger combos.  Combo being with or without bacon. I always get two bacon cheeseburgers, and then I go freaking mental.  The one thing about Five Guys I adore, is the toppings you can put on your burger, which are free.  Always get the same toppings on my burgers, (Grilled Mushrooms, Grilled Onions, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles, Mayo, and Ketchup) I switch it up with the sauces A1 and Hot Sauce on one, A1, and BBQ sauce on the other. Always get regular fries (Cajun Style) reason regular because I made the mistake of asking for large, and the fries they dumped "filled the bag." No bull. So when you ask for regular, it's a healthy portion. While you wait you have peanuts, already salted in a box, take a paper carton, scoop some peanuts, and wait for your burgers. And there everything you want, greasy, sloppy, and oh so good.  You just sit there, I usually sit by the window, and enjoy people looking at me eat these burgers. Five Guys does it simple, and awesome every single time.   If it ain't broke don't fix it.  Yeah, it may cost a bit, but there damn good.
Five Guys... you guys are greasy.  Greasy, runny, gooey, (did I say greasy) but oh so delicious.  A haven for carnivores and a den of inequity for the vegans and vegetarians.  You have a wall with toppings so you let us have it our way like a certain chain that won't be discussed except you deliver the goods.  Mushrooms, bbq sauce, grilled onions, cheese and bacon really hit the spot on your two double beef patty burgers. And the fries.... the endless bag of fries that leaves a pool of grease at the bottom that looks as if it's a body of water (or grease).  With a styrofoam cup filled to the brim with your warm and flavorful fries, and even more of them that litter the bottom of the brown paper bag.  Your presentation is simple but you know that you don't need any fancy gimmicks or crazy containers.... you're above that.  You provide just enough seats for your customers despite the fact that you're always full of people.  Fast service but you are above the level of quality of the fast food giants with prices that are almost exactly identical.  A greasy, messy, sloppy meal that will make a health food enthusiast cringe in fear; Five Guys, you've nailed it.
never ever ever order the large fries when you're with 2 other chicks who have also ordered fries b/c you'll go into starch overload. the regular burger is actually 2 patties which is too much meat on a bun for me. the unlimited toppings makes me hot.
Since my first review of Five Guys, my bad-eating 13 year-old has moved to the regular cheseburger with 2 patties and he asks for Five Guys on a daily basis. Damn, can they make these burgers with no calories so that I can also eat one and not gain weight?  We were then on Sunday, and although the place was very busy, the staff kept their cool and accomodated various crowds, in our case, it was 2 famlies, with 3 toddlers and 3 tween/teen. The burgers were hot and juicy, the small order of fries fed 5 people very comfortably, and the best part as I found out, since there is no kid-size cup for drinks, kids just get a small cup for free to be filled with beverage of their choice.  As I am chomping my salad, part of an attempt to eat healthy during the week, I count the days till I am in Long Beach again.
I generally find Five Guys a bit overrated, but I guess location is everything because in the past couple years I've discovered there are few things I enjoy more than eating a Five Guys cheeseburger and fries on the beach. My general assessment of Five Guys still stands: Their burgers use quality ingredients, but are too big for someone with my general disinterest in obesity, and the buns are too chewy and seem to instantly turn into a greasy, soggy mess. (The latter is my main complaint.) The fries are quite mediocre in everything but serving size, being too thick for my tastes and soggy far more often than crispy. However, somehow, eating this on the beach erases all my complaints. After a long day of swimming and sunning, really feeling like such a gloriously unhealthy meal was EARNED, AND would make a thematically consistent hedonistic addition to the day, nothing hits the spot quite like a Five Guys cheeseburger and fries--plus a mountainous cola, even if it's mostly melted ice by the time you hoof it back to the beach. In recent times I feel like I've been going to the beach merely as an excuse to eat Five Guys there, which I would be duly ashamed of were the combination not so delicious.
burgers and fries that really hit the spot.
love the burgers here..i usually get a burger with sauteed onions and melted cheese and it tastes great!!  i believe if your going out for some fast food (not the healthiest) but this is definitely better then the other famous fast food burger establishments.  and i also like the fries!!
Maybe I am the only negative, but I found the burgers to be extremely fat filled and lots of gristle needed to be tooth picked away. Just tasted like junky meat. Fries were good, as were the peanuts, but FAMOUS???? Only in their minds.
Fantastic Burgers and Fries!!  Burgers cooked to a juicy well done with your choice of free toppings.  Fresh cut fries are amazing.  My Favorite Chain Burger Place Hands Down!
mmmmm so yummy :)
