First, a message to all the haters - those who gave Sorrento's one star. If you want your pizza in 30 minutes or less, go to Domino's.  It's right down the block (literally 5 storefronts) - it's open later, and delivery is their specialty.   If you want a handcrafted pie with fresh ingredients, baked in an oven imported from the town in Italy where Pat the Butcher was born before coming to America to fulfill the American dream, wait an extra 10 minutes at Sorrento's.  Bring a bottle of red, or a bottle of white; order a one-of-a-kind salad made of fresh greens and vegetables and anything else that Anthony throws in; and have a great time with your company, because that's why you're there.  The first time I went to Sorrento's I waited about 90 minutes for my pie.  40 minutes into my wait Anthony came to each table with a tray of piping hot sfogliatelle fresh out of the oven for each customer.  Make sure you try the homemade pastries.  Sorrento's has the best pizza around.  They're made with the best quality dough and toppings and they're prepared with care.  You'll taste it from the first bite. Sorrento's is more than a restaurant, its an experience.  Bring your family.  Go there for the pizza, the pastries, and if they run out of dough, order a steak from the butcher shop, you won't be disappointed.
The food is PERFECT. The pizza dough is outstandingly delicious. The sauce and cheese are equally as delicious and this might be the most perfect pizza EVER, not just for Long Beach.(Note: I tried a plain pizza just so I could get a feel for how good it really was).  I live next door....and I never really went in because one of the staff members was rude a few times, but finally I went in and that guy wasn't there...and the guy in his place was friendly, helpful and happy to throw in a free cookie. In addition to perfect brick oven pizza, this place has delicious baked goods...especially the freshly made cannolis ( better than many bakeries in the area - fresh made cannolli cream and shells each day - nothing soggy here). So why one star off? The hostess in the front is rude. Upon my first visit, she told me to carry my pizza inside (on the big wooden tray that they bake it on) and i asked for a box instead but she said no, just carry it. Secondly, she constantly has food in her mouth and eats while you are asking a question or trying to pay your bill....not a good look. She's consistently rude...that's the only minus, but not a reason not to go. Maybe she's part owner? Doesn't seem to care to much about the customers.
Eating at Sorrentos was a happy accident . My friend came in from the West coast and was craving Italian . Apparently they the tofu in Cali is awesome , but anything  resembling Italian...not so much.  So we basically looked on yelp and picked the first highly rated place lol.  We walk the .6 miles to Sorrentos with visions of fragrant olive oil , crusty bread, rich wine and fresh tomatoes and basil sauce ... And find a... A deli . Yep, a very nice deli with gorgeous meats and of all things, a brick oven. Now I know I've read about the "rude service" and I can see where someone would misinterpret the hostesses attitude if you weren't paying attention.  I've been to places where the waitress /hostess was either rude or clueless. This woman was neither , she was just ... No nonsense lmao. Keep in mind when we walked in we all had that confused look on our faces. To our credit, rather than walk out and find the lunch we were lusting after , we decided to make a go of it.  Here comes the part where a lesser hostess would have lost her mind; my friend could not decide what to order . AND changed it up like three times lol. The hostess didn't even blink. She actually helped us pick what to order. And even injected some sanity into us when our eyes were pushing us to order everything on the menu lmao.   I ordered a pizza with arugula and roasted garlic . My buddy got one with arugula roasted garlic and sausage . This pizza was HUGE and friggin delicious . I mean..  Lord have mercy , writing about it is making my stomach growl. Not only did it taste good , but it looked downright sexy . We also ordered salad with a balsamic vinaigrette. The only thing I didn't  love in it were the olives . I really hate canned olives . But other than that little sin, the salad rocked! It had everything from roasted red peppers to artichokes . We sat outside . Well , the waitress let us know she picked that spot for us lol. The entire experience was funny and delicious , a nice relaxed atmosphere, inexpensive laid back and great summer scene. I def want to come back with a bottle of wine . Oh, did I mention it's BYOB? Yup. Good simple food, and you won't have to pay $18.00 for a glass of wine that costs $6.00 a bottle .
I've always been the Anti-Hypebeast.  For example, I love Air Jordans, but you will never see me sitting outside a sneaker store anxiously waiting for it to open in an attempt to buy an overpriced pair. Or camping out for a new iPhone that will be obsolete in 6 months. Or wasting 3 hours of my morning waiting on line for a Cronut? Ninja please.   And so I avoided Sorrento's at first because the premise sounds a lot like the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld. Ornery staff. No phone orders. No slices. Only cook ONE pizza at a time.   You wait.   Well I'll tell you, Sorrento's is worthy of the hype. Menu is simple.  Antipasto style salad, calzone, or pizza.  You pick small or large.  You pick the toppings a la carte.  They make the pie.  The small could feed 3-4 people. The large closer to 8.  The toppings are homemade and out of this world.  Delicious Italian meats, creamy Ricotta cheese, fresh shaved Parmesan.  The pizza sauce is perfect, as is the thin crust.  It reminds me of the homemade pizza of my Nonna, cooked up on a Sunday afternoon in Queens.  Super authentic flavor and feel.   On a busy day, you will wait an hour+ for your pie.  If you don't like it, Gino's is right up the street.  But comparing Sorrento's and Gino's is like comparing Peter Luger's to Outback. It's BYOB, so grab a nice bottle of wine, and have yourself a relaxing meal.
The pizza is easily the best around but this place makes you jump through a LOT of hoops to get it, let be honest. The phone gets disconnected sometime after 6PM so dont bother calling. They are strict about cut off-times and will not allow you to order a pizza after 7PM They have only ONE brick oven and pizza takes about 20-30 minutes to prepare, expect to wait 45 minutes to an hour average on a "busy" night Prices are a bit steep - toppings are $4 each so it can add up. The pizza's are very big however. The nice thing is if you stay, you can BYOB. But if you want the best pizza around, you will come here and sit through whatever it takes to get a pizza
Very disappointing.  Went to order pizza and did not even get to order.  Waited 10 minute and was ignored even though we were standing right in front of Lydia.  Very poor customer service.  Will not return.
Now this place was an experience. I meet up with two close friends of ours for dinner and they suggested this place. When I walked in and noticed the bakery and small but relaxed dining area just in front of the large brick over they are making fresh pies in. Felt like we were in for a treat. What this place has going for it is the fresh ingredients. The pizza seems expensive when you look at the toppings board but the portions are huge and the topping are incredible. One of the owners even came out with fresh baked sfogliatelle, which was honestly the best I have have ever had. There were complimentary, just to try and enjoy. Overall, a very charming place with excellent food and equally fun staff. I could go on and on about this place, instead I'll just go back!
I rarely post reviews unless I feel truly moved to do so.  I just do not get the negative reviews regarding service. Firstly - have been here quite a few times in the last year (dining in and taking out) and the food is ALWAYS delicious. ALWAYS.  Fresh, well prepared, flavorful and cooked to perfection.   Secondly - the service is ALWAYS wonderful.  We have always been met with gracious hospitality.  The only thing I can say is for those who have posted negative reviews -- I just don't get it. Surely, I see some customers come in with an expectation that is sincerely unrealistic.  The owner and the staff are running their butts off working like crazy to get stuff done.  Surely, there is a wait for tables as the venue is small. And, most certainly, the wait for your meal is longer than other places but that is because the food is PREPARED FRESH TO ORDER.  There is NOTHING that is prepped ahead of time (except for the pizza dough, of course) - everything is prepared just as you order it.  This is like a home prepared meal -- perfection takes time. Lastly - keep the other stuff off of Yelp. This is about the service, food and establishment as it relates to the meal and food products.  There is NO WAY you can ever take away from one of the best food experiences ever! Thank you Anthony, Lydia and Alberto for another wonderful and unforgettable experience! So happy we have found Sorrento's since moving here!
Haven't been here in awhile! Went last night and the pizza is just how I remember AMAZING!!! Service was friendly as ever and food was more that good! A must if you come to long beach!
Sorrento's in Long Beach, NY is hands down the best pizza around. That being said you have to keep in mind that it is not regular pizza you would see at a pizzeria. Instead, Sorrento's serves thin crusted square brick oven pizza, with the toppings of your liking. You can literally choose anything to put on your pie from artichokes to eggplant to meatballs to sausage. You get to decorate your pie according to your preferences (Vegetarian, carnivore or omnivore). They always use fresh mozzarella cheese and have excellent sauce. They also have some really good fresh baked desserts as well as a fine italian goods section, and a butcher section.  This place is top notch excellent food, really friendly nice service and a genuine italian market place ambiance.
Just one bite of this pizza cancels out any negative part of a review posted here. It is simply the best. Yes, if you're taking out you can't call in and have to wait there, but during one busy Saturday night wait Anthony gave me the most delicious cappuccino. So double worth it!
Visit Date: November 30, 2013 Stopped here for dinner with hubby and the brother in law! The atmosphere was so nice, it was casual yet classy. Right when we walked in and sat down I knew this was a place where everyone who came sat down, hung out, and enjoyed some brick oven pizza. A few tips about this place! It's BYOB so if you want to drink wine you must bring your own, it seems they will provide glasses. You have to physically get up and place your order with the person at the register (something we didn't realize until the bus boy told us lol) The pizza was superb, it was a little bit burnt here and there but I've come to realize this is how it is with brick oven pizza. We ordered a pizza with half eggplant and mushroom and half prosciutto and something else I'm not really sure because it was hubby and brother in law eating the slices with meat so I didn't really pay much attention. The crust was very thin. The pies are large and even though they seem like they aren't filling they are so you should definitely share a pie when you come in or take home leftovers. I sampled the cappuccino and espresso. I loved the cappuccino but the espresso tasted slightly off to me. I also had a linzer tart which was good also. It was a mini sized linzer tart, more pastry than raspberry jam filling but still good. I believe we met the chef or the owner he was a pretty nice guy, very funny, very hyper and very cool! Definitely a great place to come to!
They do not take phone orders for pizza and they stop taking walk in orders at 7pm on Saturdays I think it's 6pm during the week not sure about Fridays...... Got there at 715 this evening..... SO DISAPPOINTED!!!! :(
I had to update my review from three to four stars......they have new girls running the front and honestly......I have to say, it is the best tasting brick oven pizza in LB...I love Brixx also but Sorrento's is the OG and still the best- it is all they cook other than calzones (the butcher / deli area is EXCELLENT also) - it is mostly an Italian butcher/deli but the brick oven pizzeria side has become so popular and well known, it's crazy...... I love the pizza......it's cheap (IMO) - 20 bucks for a large and 12 for a small - the only thing is that the end slices are worthless (they get burned to a crisp lol) but I'm being generous with the five stars also bc they do not take phone orders, you wait as they make it fresh (it's DELICIOUS) and the seating is tiny.....it's really a tiny bistro (like I said, mostly a shoppe for nice cuts of meat and cheeses and they have fabulous prepared kebobs, etc.) Highly recommend you give it a try!!! Salads are the other thing on the menu, I just remembered, and they are excellent. You can put anything you want under the sun into your calzone or on top of your pizza...... check it out !
So happy these guys were able to reopen after the storm.  They are so nice here, and just walking in reminds of how GOOD real Italian food smells and looks... Doughs the name of the game here, come in for some delicious brick oven pizza....smells so good! Little Italian pastries line the counter in the front, and fresh meats and cheeses, marinades, sauces, everything line the deli counter.   BYOB, grab a nice chianti, grab some friends, and sit out on the patio pretending you're in Italy
The strangest Experience Of My Life we went to Sorrento's on Saturday night the waitress told us not to look at her husband the owner.She messed up our order and then cursed us at in Spanish,she told us it did not make a difference if we never returned. The Pizza took an hour seriously we will stick to Brixx & Barley
Amazing pizza and calzones. Best in the long beach. Anthony is very friendly too always gives a free cookie too
The best hidden secret in Long Beach.  It's absolutely the best pizza I have ever had.   You choose the toppings and they create your own personal pizza in their brick oven.  Come prepared to wait a little (20-30minutes) as they only have space for so many pizzas in the oven and they take time and pride in preparing each one.  The place is BYOB which is fantastic!  However, if you plan on going on the weekend, arrive early as they have run out of dough several times when I have gone around 8Pm.  The freshest and best pizza I have ever had thus far! PS:  I have ordered from the deli side as well, there ribs and sandwiches which were also delicious and the customer service is fantastic!  They treat you as if you are part of the family! I am so happy that they reopened after the hurricane!  Welcome back!
The service here was downright awful.  Waiting for a table was a disaster, confusing and everyone who had walked in after me and my boyfriend tried to order and get their food before us.  The pizza was merely average, and, in my humble opinion, overrated and not nearly as good as Brixx Barley or any place in the city where I came from originally.  However, the reason for my 3 stars would have to be the free chocolate cannoli with vanilla cream that was distributed at the end. It was so f'ing good, god-damn. If only I could come back and just get that cannoli without having it poisoned after having written this review.
They take pride in the food they serve.  Delicious!!!  Be prepared to wait for a long time - they are very slow.  Customer service is pretty poor.  The lady who is supposed to be at the counter is not there most of the time.  When she is there, she ignores you.  She is the one who gives you bills and cleans tables. That same lady brings you drinks and food.  I saw her spilling a bottle of soda on someone's pants and she did not even apologize.  Come only if you have plenty of time.  After waiting for a long time, we got our pizza.   A guy working there asked us to hurry up and leave because other people were waiting for tables...
SORRENTO'S ROCKS!!!!! i love going here- the wait staff (the adorable dark haired girl with the blue eyes- I always forget her name @@) is amazing- they bring cookies after you are done......bread and sticks whlie you are awaiting.....the pizza itself is just DELICIOUS.....you are treated like family- everything is FRESH and cooked to perfection.........I always end up ordering two large (i have four kids - 2 of which are teenage boys so they can eat a slab on their own).....I also buy meat from here (one point I wish to express- if you are looking for atmosphere it isn't the place for U- you are eating in a store/bakery)... the food is so darn good though- we like to go after church and sit outside or in winter we sit inside- seating is limited. CHECK IT OUT you will be happy and the prices are low for how amazing you're treated and how fab the food is.......xox
I've finally had a chance to try their brick oven pizza and it's absolutely fantastic! One of if not the best pizza's I've had ever.. Some great things to look out for. 1. Well done with out being charred? Check! 2. Fresh mozzarella that's not watery or soggy? Check 3. Phenomenal sauce that's also not watery making the pizza soggy? Check! 4. Sliced piping hot at your table garnished with some freshly cut basil? Check! Fantastic pizza full of flavor and good crunch, I recommend the one I had with fresh soppresata and roasted garlic. Amazing.
I walked in intending to get two sandwiches and drop about $16. The wonderful deli fella was out of the official bread for sandwiches so he walked to the front of the store and grabbed an enormous round loaf of bread that ws for sale. He asked if I was happy with it. I was. I thought he'd slice it up a bit for the sandwiches. He didn't. He cut it down the middle and had Mike, the other fella make two sandwiches out of it. One roast beef and the other salami. Essentially I got four heroes out of this transaction. I spent $10 on what would be $20 worth of sandwich at any other deli. I think the deli lost money on this sandwich. The guy that works there is a wonderful Italian man that calls the ladies 'doll', 'sweetheart', etc. He's quite the charmer. While myself and the other patrons waited he gave us random stuff--cookies, stuffed mushroom surrounded in prosciutto, salami. This is the way to operate a business! If I lived in Long Beach, I'd not go to any other deli.
I just had lunch today and the pizza is off the charts. Best lunch I've had in quite a while. Topped it off with pastries and espresso.
Place is amazing best pizza in long beach. Tastes fresh and the owners treat you like family
By far the best pizza in Long Beach; freshly made in a wood burning oven with a perfectly charred crisp and chewy crust. There are enough topping selections to satisfy everybody.
It is weird to feel compelled to write a review for a place without having tried the food, but here I am anyway. It's long, there's a TL;DR for those who don't wanna read. I knew that they make their pizzas basically one at a time. I knew that that would take a while and I knew that it was probably worth the wait if you could be guaranteed a pizza. I was prepared for this. What I didn't know was that the service and experience would be so awful. My girlfriend and I get there, and are perhaps the 3rd customer in line. One guy orders some coffee, and next person is settling up on a to-go order or something. Then we thought it was our turn. The woman behind the counter paid no attention to us whatsoever. I thought she was quietly asking us how we were doing when I realized she was just eyeballing us and speaking in another language (Italian, Spanish- not entirely sure). While this is happening I notice one guy just kind of walking around, playing some kind of poking game with the guy making the pizza. Finally the woman taking orders acknowledges us, my girlfriend asks her how long the wait for a pie is and she just says "long" with a grin on her face. My girlfriend asks if that means like 20 minutes or a full hour. She responds by walking away without saying a word and beginning to deal with something else, walking into the back, pulling out a salad, bringing it to a table, walking back behind the counter and continuing to ignore us by cleaning stuff and not acknowledging customers. The guy behind me goes "wait did she not answer your question yet?" (I'm sure he'd have liked that answer too) and we told him no. This was a bizarre situation. About another two minutes of being ignored went by when we decided we would just leave and head to Pete's Pitaria which was rad. I went home later and explained this to my sister (who had raved about the pizza as most who actually get to eat it do) and she knew exactly who I was talking about. She said that this woman has been there forever and has always sucked as a server. Her theory was that she must be close with somebody there because she is notably bad. She said it's unfortunate because she knows a lot of other people that would love to work there and not make people feel stupid and awkward. I certainly appreciate the idea of taking time to make the highest quality pizzas, and I'm happy that someone in Long Beach makes something of high quality that so many people like, but you're not doing us a favor by giving us a pizza that takes an hour to make at $4 or $5 dollars a topping. We're there to give you money to give us food- try not to make us feel weird while you're at it. TL;DR- Never got to try the food, service was bizarrely awful- specifically the woman taking the orders and serving people. Will try again for lunch when the summer ends so I stand a chance at eating.
How to play hooky from work: 1. Call in sick.  Cough a little. 2. Get yourself to the LIRR and get a roundtrip to Long Beach (preferably in the warm "off season" when the beach is free and isn't a clusterfck of horny teenagers and cranky old smokers). 3. Bring water but NOT food.  Because for food, you're going to Sorrento's.   4. Walk three blocks (west?) from the LIRR station in Long Beach to Sorrento's and tell the guy at the counter you want an "Italian sandwich".  He'll cut each slice of meat and fresh mozzarella for your sandwich on the spot and it will take about 15 minutes.  Despite the size of the sandwich, it will be devoured in half this time.  It should cost somewhere in the neighborhood of $7, contain several delicious meats, some red pepper, fresh mozzarella, some balsamic, probably a little oil and definitely a little spice.  You may or may not be given some fresh salami to taste while waiting. 5. Walk three blocks (south?) to the beach.  Apply sunscreen.  Swim in the ocean.  Feel grateful that this part of our ocean is not showing effects of the oil spill yet.  Eat your sandwich.  Sigh.  Take a nap.   6.  Get another sandwich on your way back to the train.  Or else you'll be craving it all week.  Holy crap. This is the sandwich you've been waiting for.
Worst customer service ever. Rude and obnoxious. The pizza service ends at 7pm.  If you arrive at 7:01 they refuse service. The main woman who takes orders is thoroughly obstinate. Please avoid this place.
The service is the most arrogant "doing u a favor" place. The pizza might be really good but any place that makes me feel like im lucky to be served is not for me. This is not a one time patron. Been here several times. They usually "run" out of pizza before 7 every nite.  It's like they don't want to be open. As I said. They think they are doing us a favor serving us pizza. Guess what. there are many places to eat in this town and the surrounding areas. That's where I'm headed.
The pizza is amazing here (if you can ever get it). I've gone to Sorrento's 9 times (5 prior to Hurricane Sandy, 4 since they reopened in July 2013).  I've only been able to get food 1 time because they constantly run out of dough, or are so backed up they can't take any more orders. Tonight I walked in at 5:45 to place an order for 1 calzone to go.  The younger staff who work there were polite but informed me that the head woman was the only one that could let me know if I could place an order. I waited until 6:20 to be acknowledged by this woman. She was rude, told me now they weren't taking any to go orders.  I asked if I could place the order and sit at a table.  Her response was I could sit, but she couldn't take my order since they were so backed up right now and they stop making food at 7pm and they probably wouldn't get to me by then. I completely appreciate the quality of their food and the old school, family run business however it's not an excuse for this one woman in charge to be rude and not speak to customers.  They also need to have a better process to accommodate customers who are trying to spend money at their business.   As much as I love the food, my husband and I have decided we will not spend money that could go to the rude, unprofessional woman that works here.   Hopefully the owners will fire her and we can return to eat at Sorrentos.
Seriously, the best place in Long Beach. We come here every Saturday morning for cappuccino, the staff is incredibly friendly and warm, and they always give you free stuff!  Whenever we need something from the butcher, this is our stop as the staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and they'll always let you taste whatever you want.   Terrific pizzas, excellent choice of meats for the grill and the best Italian hero I've ever had. If you don't come here for all your Italian deli needs, or for just a nice, relaxing lunch with friends, you're missing out.
You can't tell from looking, but this is one of the coolest spots in Long Beach.  Dine outside on one their delicious brick oven pizzas or gargantuan salads.  Enjoy amazing butter cookies that they often sample for free.  Enjoy the warm aromas wafting from the flames of the oven.  I have yet to try the deli/meats side, but it looks like a great place to pick up meat for a bbq or special dinner. It's pretty small, so enjoy it while weather permits!
This place is awesome for some things, poor for others. Good for: -Sandwiches to go - the real deal. Authentic, tasty, well-made Italian sandwiches. They don't mess around, and their sandwiches won't disappoint. Haven't tried the meats so I can't really speak to the quality of that. -Pizza that is thin (but not too thin), and delicious. There is an artistry that does not go unnoticed - they take the time with each order to bring each pie to perfection. Seriously, if you compare one of their pizzas to the kind you get from any other pizzeria in the area, you'll notice right off the bat that Sorrento's is different. Each pie is a work of art, no joke! Bad for: -Quick service.  Madonna mia, this place is slow if you choose to eat here.  If you go on a Saturday or Sunday at lunchtime, be prepared to wait at least 30min for your pizza (but see note above: it's worth it!). What's more annoying isn't that it's slow, but rather that they seem severely understaffed and disorganized. Simple things like putting out napkins/straws and cutlery/flatware so customers can get it themselves would make a big impact. How about a self-serve water station?  How about a dedicated cashier? Why hide everything behind the counter? Then the one woman who works the tables and counter has to wait on everyone from the person ordering to the person wanting to pay, to the person wanting an extra napkin! Not to single her out or anything (poor customer service stems from a lack of leadership at the top, ie. Owners/managers), but she clearly didn't have things under control, rather she bounced around from one customer to the next without completely helping anyone. We were all kind of looking at each other like, "is this place for real?!"  It's like they haven't thought through the customer experience from A-Z. They simply put everything behind the counter and said "go"! Want your leftovers to go? Wait in line for 15 minutes just to get a piece of tinfoil to wrap up your pizza. You want a bag? That'll be another 10 minutes waiting. It makes for a really unpleasant and sometimes chaotic meal out. If they could get the service part down, I'd gladly give them 5 stars. This is the kind of place I'd love to see thrive. Quality food at good prices. But the customer service is really behind...
Yummy, affordable, right off the beach, super friendly staff!   I loved Sorrento's!
Sorrento's is delicious. It's too bad since reopening after Sandy they can't provide you with food half the time you go.   They've added tables without increasing staff or ovens. They've run out of pizza dough the last two times I've tried to get a pie.  I had the same experience as others where you walk in and the staff does not even regard you for about 3 minutes.   Pizza and steak bbq shish kebab wheels are really good.  They just need to get their service back on track.
I have a feeling this is going to be my new favorite place in LB.  It's an Italian deli, bakery pizzeria all in one. They have a wood burning stove where they make long, roman style pizza's and you can bring your own wine and sit outside!!  How amazing is that??  I ordered some cookies for my parent's BBQ and they were so fresh and delicious.  The woman we spoke to was so sweet and so helpful too!  I hope we see her each time we come in!  I cannot wait to return!!! Something about this place just has this authentic, rustic, Italian feel. It's not often people can be truly charmed like that.
Best brick oven pizza on the island! I've waited waaaay to long to try the pizza. This is crazy good. And the best part it is BYOB...so you can bring some wine and enjoy the evening. We got the regular fresh mozzarella small pie with eggplant as our topping. I could literally eat this everyday. We had 6 slices left over...the pie was only $14! We also had Italian cookies as an appetizer. Tremendous idea. I can see us going there once a week now for a fun dinner date.
fantastic wood fire oven, crisp  and sweet sauce. the house salad is to die for. the correct phone number is 516-889-4800 hard to get thru but worth it
All these reviews giving Sorrento's 5 stars? Are they true? Yes. They. Are. Go to the pizza side and get a super-delicious made to order wood burning oven pizza. No need for a menu, just tell the helpful and friendly staff what you want on it. Go to the deli side and have a huge sandwich made or take home some of the most delicious lasagna you ever had.  While you wait on line, the owner or one of his friendly workers may give you something to eat. They also have wonderful cookies and Italian treats, some of which are crafted by Sweet Lady Lulu's, a local cake and pastry artisan. They close fairly early everyday (by 6 or 7 depending on the day) and are closed on Monday so if you aren't sure, call first. But make sure you go! Here's a tip: Avoid going when they are busy. The wait is too long and the whole experience is just not as good. Go at an off hour... like 3 or 4.
This pizza is excellent, you have to eat it there so its nice and fresh You can not get any better for the price a huge pizza for around 20 dollars Best brick oven pizza around The place is small and can get crowed but its worth it
Pie to die for! We ordered a pie with lots of veggies and ham and it was heavenly. It was topped with fresh basil, special seasoning and let's not forget the cheese... Need I say more? Oh yeah, and the crust was perfect!!
everything AMAZING! I wish they had gluten free pizza
excellent Pizza.  it's byob...which is nice because the supermarket is nearby. the line is long.  but while you wait in line, they give you samples of their rainbow cookie...YUM!!!
Everything in this place was awesome!!!! I dont know who said they wont reopen after sandy but thats not true they will be reopening soon!!!  I loved the fact that you bring a bottle of your own wine to eat with their delicious pizza & other Italian dishes
This place never disappoints. Best spot in Long Beach. Everything is always fresh delicious and the staff makes you feel at home. While we waited for our artisanal salad and pie they passed around samples from the deli..prosciutto wrapped around strawberries, fresh mozzarella and a pastry.  Don't even get me started on the coffee. Long story short...if you want to eat real italian food come here!
There is not a bad thing to be said about this place, everything is excellent there. If you cook with quality you buy here, if you know what real pizza is, you eat here. Great staff, great food, excellent location, put his meat in your mouth! You won't regret it in the morning.
The bakery is excellent- every thing I've ordered has been a hit.  Others I have spoken with agree that this is the best bakery in LB.
I haven't tried everything on the menu, but I can say one thing. The Pizza was phenomenal!!! :-) Although I couldn't keep my hands off the cheesy goodness laid out in front of me, I couldn't help but to notice how nice and welcoming the people who worked there were. The only thing I would ask for is better furniture to dine on, in the outside front seating area. Other than that, the place is amazing. :-)
I have lived in Long Beach for a few years now and never realized this place was more than a deli. Heard about the pizza and went to check it out. Their pizza is amazing!! Easily the best pizza in Long Beach. Their pizzas are huge! Ingredients are fresh. This will be our new go to for pizza.
Hand's down, best pizza i've ever had!! Worth the wait!!!
I left NY for Boston 11 years ago...I still haven't found a pizza that's as good as I remember pizza being when I lived on Long Island.  Picked up a pizza at Sorrento's while visiting my brother and YUM!  It was actually way better than any pizza I remember. It's not your typical round pizza.  It's oval and SUPER thin crust made with light sauce and fresh real mozzarella, not that shredded kind you get in a bag.   In a way I'm kind of glad I live so far away because I'd be polishing off a pie on my own pretty frequently.   So good!
Best italian deli around.  Bring a bottle of vino, order a delicious pie and a salad, and leave with a beautiful steak for the grill at home for dinner.
Nice Italian deli with a 6 table seating area. Everyone is very friendly, and the pizza was outstanding.  Authentic Neapolitan pizza, large sizes, cooked perfectly,
The way service should be.  Walk in and you're treated like family.  First rate italian deli/butcher with sandwiches that can fill the belly of 3.  The brick oven pizza is to die for.
Their cappuccino is amazing. The pizza is out of this world. The meats from the butcher side are impeccable quality. The bread and fresh mozzarella is really good. There is not one bad thing about the place. I recommend Sorrento's to everyone who comes to Long Beach. Plus the employees are the coolest people.
REALLY yummy. The small pizza is huge and the salad is the best. We even tried the icecream and it was delicious.
Horrendous service.  We were told it would be 20 minutes for a pizza.  After an hour, I was then told it was still in line. Still, in line? Are you kidding? I don't care how good this pizza is supposedly to be. Who wants to wait hours? What is it, made of gold?
So, the pizza is really good if you can get there before they are out of dough and the salads are also nice. The atmosphere is quite pleasant too. However, I REALLY do not understand how they get away with having such mean folks working there- scowls abound and two of the workers are downright hostile. I know it's hard work and it gets really crowded but that is no excuse for being mean and rude! Some of the staff is really nice but these two folks really cancel it all out...
Sorrentos is a FABULOUS, family run business. They ALL do their best to make everyone happy. The public just loves to complain about non issues. The pizza is fabulous here as is everything else. If you want pizza, get there early. Last pizza order tues thru sat is at 7 PM... Last on Sunday is at 6 PM. The staff needs to have a life too. We drive from mid suffolk to enjoy pizza and salad, the great pastries ( cannolis are fantastic), fabulous ambience and to support the owners that break their asses to try to please the customers. Honestly, they are usually packed and if you are uptight and cant just enjoy life without complaining about hard working people, then go eat your pizza somewhere else. They can only cook so many pizzas a day. Life isnt about working 24/7. Walk a mile in their shoes before you shoot your mouths off and complain..
Great family business! Go early if you plan to sit down because the place gets crowded and there usually isn't much staff. Bring a bottle a wine and call it a night. Do yourself a favor and try there italian sandwich before heading to the beach.
My Boyfriend and I went to Sorrento's for lunch one cold winter afternoon. We had the place all to ourselves. We had a chance to sit down and chat with Anthony the owner. He greeted us with cookies while we waited for our masterfully constructed pizza to come out of the oven. He had on an awesome shirt that said Sorrento's we raved about it so much he gave us two! Then we had the most amazing pizza ever! It was a thin crusted ricotta and meatball pizza. It was crispy, cooked perfectly and boy was it delicious. After we had finished 1/2 of the small, which was not small at all, I mentioned to my boyfriend that I was craving a cannoli. Anthony overheard me and whipped up a fresh batch of cannoli cream and offered us two cannoli. I thought the pizza was good, then I had the cannoli and I was in heaven. I have recommended this place to everyone I know and I would not go anywhere else in long beach. Stop reading and go there!!!
The fresh mozzarella is INSANE and the proprietor will deftly cut up a whole cow in front of you to get the exact cut of meat that you request.
The pizza here is amazing, but the customer service could use some work. There are no menus and they claim to allow pick-up orders, but it is frowned upon. I called a few weeks ago to order 3 large pizzas for a party I was having. The man on the phone demanded that I order in the store and wait otherwise I would complain it was cold. He proceeded to hang up the phone. I ended up ordering from West End Pizza instead. I would have much rather had Sorrento's, but I didn't have time to wait for the pizzas.
Real Italian pizza, which is not easy to find. They really know they are doing here.
A great hang. Food is fantastic. BYO.  Awesome.
Gonna paraphrase some Shakespeare here, folks, so bear with me: "We few, we happy few, we band of mozarella besotted brothers. For he today that shares a slice with me shall be my brother...And gentlemen on Long Island (and the surrounding metro area) now abed shall think themselves accursed they werenot here, and hold their neopolitan slices cheap that ate with us upon Sorrento's table." And now, let me offer up a somewhat looser interpretatation from the original text of "King Henry V", to wit: Tell Anthony what you want on your pizza, then prepare yourself for  nirvana...
This place is a gem. I don't want to tell people about it because I'm afraid it will get even more popular. But, I love Anthony and Jenn and I want them to stay in business!   When you walk in here, you'll be treated like family. Anthony and Jenn are amazing, kind people. The pizza is delicious, you can't go wrong. I like to get one with extra sopressata. The pastries, oh my gosh. Every single one is the most incredible thing I've ever eaten. The tiramisu, which isn't available often is the best I've ever had. The cannolis are fantastic too. Everything is so good. And Anthony makes an awesome cappuccino. My husband doesn't even drink espresso and he loves them. Get Anthony to make you one. I've never ordered from the deli side, but they have a ton of meats/cheeses/breads and a lot of authentic italian ingredients for sale. It's also the only place on the island that I've found mexican coke, so that's an added plus too. Just go here, you'll be happy you did. They close when business slows down, usually around 8pm and they're closed all day on Mondays. They don't deliver and you have to place to go orders in person. But, you'll find yourself wanting to stay if you're hoping to take a pizza to go anyway. And Anthony might even sing to you in Italian!
I cannot believe I've lived in Long Beach for almost 5 years and I only recently found out about Sorrento's. My boyfriend and I were hesitant to tell anyone about Sorrento's in fear it would become overcrowded. It's very tiny inside and is basically like an Italian deli. They have the best customer service in all of Long Beach. Period. Nicest people ever. Jen(n) is a sweetheart. Best brick oven pizza I've ever had. It's cheesy, slightly burnt and HUGE. Seriously, a small plain pie takes up an entire table. It's also totally affordable ($11 for a small plain pie). They also have an obscene amount of toppings. The house salad is huge and delish. Oh and did I mention it's BYOB?! Amazing.
The best pizza in all the world. If you want to learn how to run a business, go talk to this owner...he makes everyone feel welcome and at home. He shares his knowledge, his cookies, and the best pizza I ever had. BYOB. delish
Hey all my LBNY friends!  This place is a real gem in the south shore, and probably the best pizza and calzone we've eaten during our 4 month visit. Joined to a traditional Italian deli and butcher, you can bring in your own beer/wine and dine in the small bistro style cafe next to it.  All ingredients are fresh, and the pizzas and calzones are served on such huge wooden boards that you need a separate table to put them on! The owner, his son and family staff are super nice and friendly, served us complimentary coffee and cookies for dessert and joked and sang with my Dad.  I love this place, and stoked this was one of our last stops on our eating tour while in NY!
Definitely the best pizza place in long beach.
I wanted to try Sorrento's for a while, and even looking at the pizza as I passed by made my mouth water. But truth be told, the pizza actually looks a lot better than it tastes. Walking inside it is very small and there is no menu in sight, until you stretch your neck over the counter and see the menu all the way on the other side of the wall, making it hard to read. Ordering the pizza and sitting down was all fine, and I kept telling myself "the pizza will be worth the wait" because of how everyone was raving about how phenomenal the pizza is and how delicious is looks. Turns out I was wrong. We ordered the pizza with arugula, and the arugula was very yellow & bitter. I dont know if it's just me, but I don't usually eat my arugula yellow. The pizza was good, but nothing like I was expecting. The waitress and staff was very nice, and the fresh cheese was a nice touch. But the crust was pretty tasteless and the sauce was just okay. Overall, I've had better brick oven pizza. If you want to pay less for just a-okay pizza, go to Domino's a few doors down.
Still awesome, but as the pizza business has taken shape, it's only made to order pies now.  No worries, as the "small" ($10 for a regular/margurita style + a few dollars more for toppings) is still plenty of food for a great price.  Calzones are fantastic and similarly good values.  The sandwiches, whether made with deli meat, fresh cooked chicken/steak, the fried chicken cutlets, etc, are also priced incredibly reasonably.  LIke a previous reviewer noted, you don't worry if they're out of smaller rolls of bread, as they'll charge you a fair price. The baked goods on the pizza side are awesome, too.
Long Beach is a town that has more than its fair share of good spots for Italian food. From the East End to Down West, you can hardly go 500 yards without finding an above average place to enjoy a good slice of pizza or an excellent hero.  One place however stands out from the pack, and Sorrento's, located in a little strip of stores on the North side of Park Avenue between Magnolia and Laurelton Boulevards is that place. From their incredible pizza and sandwiches, to a fantastic selection of gourmet goodies such as fresh mozzarella balls stuffed with olives or cherry tomatoes, and stuffed mushroom beyond compare, to wonderfully decadent dessert pastries, eating at Sorrento's is a rediscovery of how fantastic Italian cuisine can be. The staff is helpful and friendly, so don't hesitate to ask their advice when deciding what to eat next.  You can get it to go, or (weather permitting) sit outside in their café seating and watch the world go by.   This place is world class!
I go to Sorrento's only because they serve quality real Italian food however the service is the slowest thing I have ever seen. Especially the pizza counter. I will not go back for pizza and that's a shame because it really is delicious but not worth the wait. They have a really great thing going if only they would work on customer service. The older Italian guy and I think it's his son are amazing. So nice, but everyone else acts like they are doing you a favor by serving you. The food is amazing though and that is why people (including myself) go back. I would give this place 5 stars if I could get a pizza under 45 minutes and that's when it's slow.
Just reopened after Sandy, it's still the best pizza anywhere and always has been. Anthony and Pasquale, and everyone else there are some of the nicest people you can meet. The bakery cookies are great as well. There many different toppings for the pizza, it is by far the best pizza anywhere, you can eat either inside or outside, we go there all the time, and it's a great restaurant after a nice beach day, a wonderful way to end a great day, and again by far the best pizza in Long Beach or anywhere.
this place is awesome. Came in and got a small pie. Anthony was kind enough to throw in a salad for us to try on the house and then a coffee as well. Bought some of their rainbow cookies, fabulous! go here,!
I love this place.  The food is great, the atmosphere is great and its byob.  Its great for a cheap date night with my boyfriend.  The service is dreadful but that just makes it feel like you actually are in Italy.  While you wait forever, they'll bring you free food and be generally entertaining.  Come in with patience and you'll have a great experience!
One of the best places on long island.. So friendly you will feel like your at home and you will want to just keep on going back!!!
EXCEPTIONAL!! I live in this town? Finally something out of the ordinary. Top notch brick oven pizza, house salad (oh this is not your regular house salad), breaded eggplant & zucchini from the adjourning deli, NO CORK FEE (bring your own). Italian cookies, oh my. This place is a gem...beware of "We ran out of dough." There will be a wait on the weekend. I am still in shock that I will not have to run into Brooklyn!!
sorrento's will be re-opening soon,please do not fall for the rumors,anthony is working hard to get the store up and running again,after the family homes were hard hit from sandy,he needed some time to get the business up and running.
i dont see the hype..not bad but not the best..square pie with  small pizza slices for $13..i took home and sliced my own pepperoni stick..this gives the piece more flavor which it actually needs..sauce was ok and cheese was fresh but not the taste you expect with good NY pizza..the next day i reheated a few slices and they were better..maybe because i wasnt expecting much..word to wise just east of stores is a fire hydrant that about 5 fett further east has a sign no parking like 5am-10am..i was there 2pm and almost got a ticket for parking in a no zone near apt bldg & too close to fire hydrant..i asked ticket man why si there a sign that says no parking within certain hours..to me that means parking is OK during those other hours..ticket guy had no answer but expect a ticket and fight in court
I'm going to give this place a second chance then I'll come back to update. I do want to like this place, my problem is that they handle food without gloves. I went in one day about a year ago and asked for 4 hamburgers to go. The guy grabbed a fist full of raw hamburger meat with his naked Hands and kept shaping the burgers. I did get disgusted because I don't know where his hands have been before I walked in. He should've put gloves on for this one. I didn't eat the burgers that day, I also never went back.
Sorrento's, which started about ten years ago as an Italian butcher and deli, has recently expanded to offer pizza and Italian pastries. While the butcher section remains wonderful in providing fresh cuts of meat cut as you wish, and the deli is loaded with delicious prepared foods, freshly made (on site) Mozzarella cheese, and the usual deli meats and cheeses, what has always been the most impressive part of a visit to Sorrento's has been the friendly help from whomever is behind the counter, often greeting you with a sample of this or that. However, all this has been surpassed with the addition of the pizza in the adjoining store. This is not just regular pizza, in fact slices are not available, but flat crusted pizza with a wonderful tomato sauce (white pizza is also available) and that freshly made Mozzarella cheese bubbling on top. Of course, additional toppings can be added if desired. All of this is quickly baked in a hot wood burning stove and served at a few tables (bring your own wine) or boxed to go. The pizza comes in two sizes, both rectangular shaped with about 10 or 20 slices in each.  For desert or takeout is a fine assortment of Italian pastries, including wonderful cannolis, and others, some made on premises along with espresso or cappuccino.. But again, the secret of the pizza is more than the food... it is the ambience created by the owner of Sorrento's, Anthony, who is just about one of the nicest, yet humble, most decent person, that you will ever meet as well as being a great cook.
great find. the place is small and doesn't look all that visually attractive but the pizza tasted fresh and well made. the ingredients are definitely quality. we got the small pie which was perfect for 2 and was charged 11.99 so pretty good value. we were also given 2 cookies that tasted really yummy :). im definitely going to give this place another go just to be sure but if its anything like the first outing it will be great.
