Jimmy makes Himawari as amazing as the food! We are so lucky that they deliver to us. We highly recommend the Long Beach Roll and the Banana Tree Roll.
This place is very good.  I've been to Japan and can compare.  The food is fresh and tasty.  They give complimentary Edamame.  Prices are very reasonable.  Recommend highly.
So we used to go here every week in the summer, however, the waitress always had an attitude. We stopped going here because of her, even though the food was good.   Today we decided to revisit, thankfully that waitress is no longer there. I was able to have my fav, the lido beach roll and tako, which was very fresh. The waitress had such a great personality!  Can't wait to go again!
During my recent trip to Long Beach we ate here. Amazing! Started with some miso soup and hot sake, of course. Ordered the krazy angel roll, most expensive specialty roll (13.95), but sooooo delicious! Seriously it was the best roll I have ever had. Service was friendly, and the place was cozy. Can't wait to go back!
Sippin' on sapporo waiting on Mexican roll, california and spicy tuna roll!
Great sushi and service.  Sushi was fresh and fairly priced.  We went early on a Friday at about 5:30 and the place was empty, which was nice since we did not have to wait and food came fast.
Pink panther is the best, service is great!
Excellent Sushi joint! Fresh, innovative and tasty rolls. Relaxed atmosphere, polite staff, great prices.
Without a doubt, the best sushi on Long Island.  Jimmy and his crew turn out creative dishes like Sushi Pizza, Sushi Tacos and amazing rolls.  I am personally a sashimi fan and the fish is fresh, really fresh.  If you like sushi with a twist you have to try this small local favorite.  It's a little hidden behind a tree on Park Ave and often overshadowed by it's over rated neighbor across the street but it's worth seeking out for an intimate and exceptional sushi experience.  The more I come here the more I love this place!
Great sushi, and they have a menu full of great variety, there are a great deal of house rolls to choose from, and their specialty rolls are delish. They also have a great veggie roll they make for my husband , with gobo cucumber and avocado. Therefore , this is a great place, and the customer service is very good as well. Only bad thing is this place is awful for delivery, had to wait almost 2 hours for an order one time! We will stick with carry-out.
Himawari in my opinion is one of the best sushi places I have ever eaten at.  The owner, Jimmy, makes you feel right at home here.  The fish is always fresh, the beef gyoza is amazing and their salads are excellent. Don't waste your time at the other sushi places in long beach, head straight for this one!
This place is my favorite japanese in long beach. The sushi is always fresh and reasonably priced. The real gem here is JIMMY he has a unique talent of making you feel like family, he memorizes your likes and dislikes (even my allergies) he makes a note that if you are a repeat customer to know your name and welcome you warmly. This place is great it has never been disappointing and this  restaurant is a great asset to our community, this is how a restaurant should be run, good food, good service and great care for the customer.
Simply the best sushi around. Jimmy makes you feel right at home, and he is great at suggesting what food to order.  There is no need to look at the menu here.  Just tell Jimmy what you like, and you will be amazed at what delicious food will show up at your table.  All of the other sushi restaurants in LB and Oceanside can learn a lesson from this place.
Excellent service.  Jimmy is an exceptional host.  Food is great.  Ambience isn't the best but overall it is a great place.
Very good food and always fresh. A lot less crowded and much more comfortable than it's competitor across the street.
Great sushi great service, they always come up with great creative rolls and sashimi.  The freshness is incredible always and reccomendations are always right on the money.  Its a small laid back place with very fair prices and over the top great sushi. if you havent tried it you should.  I have reccomended it to friends and they have officially defected from their old sushi places to come here.
OK, I feel like I need to update my review after the first time.  So, this Friday,  we went on a dobule-date with an intention of going to Negihama, which turned out to be packed with at least 30 minutes wait and on top of that, looked like high-school cafeteria, with all the patrons jammed next to each other.  I was scared someone would steal sushi off my plate, so close the tables were, so we decided to go to Himawari, across the street.  The first floor looked pretty occupied, but it turns out, they have a second floor, which is like a private room with 4 tables and a TV.  The friendly waiter went over the specials and we have tried a salad and a roll from his suggestions, both were very good.  We have also gone adventurous and ordered a few special rolls, these were excellent as well.  Overall, a very positive experience, so I think anytime I am in Long Beach, this will be my sushi spot.
prompt service (ordered delivery) and very very fresh, rolls are stuffed full, not skimpy. not cheap, but you get what you pay for.
Me and my husband love this place.  We love food, service and their really fair prices. I saw some people are complaining about service, that waiters are not nice enough. People who serve there do not mean anything rude or disrespectful. Jimmy is the best. (we met the owner from going there pretty often) Customers should not be mad at anything there coz food is great. Really good choice and really good quality. We have been in many Japanese places but now we keep going to Himavari. We just start loving everything in It. I personally recommend Himavary salad (never tried anything like that in any Japanese places), flying dragon roll, Godzilla roll. My husband, who is always on a diet, loves sushi sandwich. It's very tasty and super diet dish.
The hype machine is high here, so when looking for a new casa in the LB I had to stop in. The joint is smaller than expected and located along Park Ave just west of LB Blvd. I sat at the sushi bar and scoped out the lunch specials, most of which are under $10, but decided on the sushi and sashimi special ($15, 4 pieces of sushi, 6 pieces of sashimi, 1 California roll, soup, salad). The fish tasted fresh, no problems with the soup/salad and the service was prompt and professional. No complaints from this guy! Will def be back for more rolls and hopefully be a regular at $1 sushi night. Protip: TV behind the sushi bar if you're dining solo.
After reading all the 5 star reviews I was expecting to be blown away.  But I'll be honest, for sushi in Long Beach I prefer Nagahama. Himawari is definitely good. And they do 2 great things that Nagahama does NOT do: 1: They have quite a few creative Classic Rolls, deviating from the normal boring stuff, and still only $5.95. 2: They have specials. Lunch combos and $1 sushi nights. Nagahama is expensive!! On the downside, a $25 minimum for delivery is crazy.  If I'm ordering for myself I have to spend over $30 with tip? GTFOH. And when it comes to specialty rolls, Nagahama has them beat. I'll continue to support Himawari, but I just don't think they are as good as other Yelpers make them out to be...
Great sushi - have ordered to go, and have eaten at the sushi bar. Not surprisingly, the in-house food is a lot better than "to go".  The specialty rolls are great - inventive, beautifully made, fresh tasting.  Had a spicy tuna and mango roll with avocado that was really fantastic. Prices are totally legit (for food as well as beer - $4 Kirin? Yes please!) However taking one star off because the waitstaff kept hovering and leaning over me throughout my meal in order to pull food off the sushi bar for people sitting at tables.  They should relegate the end of the sushi bar for lining up food once it's ready to serve so that they aren't leaning over the patrons at the bar who are trying to enjoy their meal.
Great place.. Jimmy the owner is always involved. Food is amazing and reasonably priced. Super Vibe.
Absolutely love this place! It's the best place on the south shore for amazing sushi and sashimi. Fresh and yummy! Very inventive rolls and appetizers.... Himawari Salad is my new fav on the menu. Jimmy is the nicest host! He always makes you feel welcome. Mon-Fri from 12-3 the lunch special is dollar sushi and sashimi!! Whaaaaat? Yup. Yummmmerzzzzz
Delicious sushi and always something creative or special that day - like live scallop or a special fish. The owner Jimmy is very friendly and really gets to know everyone that comes there whether they have been there one time or 100 times. The sushi quality is not top top grade, but it's better than the price paid. Great for a casual and not too pricey sushi experience....
Really bummed after I read such great reviews to find it was terrible! The service was awful- table behind us got hot towel- but we didn't?! Can the server smile?! We are frequent sushi diners and not the typical obnoxious reviewers. Quiet sushi dinner for two at 9 pm. Asked if they had sockeye salmon- was told yes and ordered 4 pcs. Order came and it was NOT sockeye. Asked for our drink on the rocks - no ice. And no smile. Just was sad. Dirty, smelly, horrible service and sushi wasn't all that bad- just not a clean place and can't overlook that many negatives. Thumbs down. Skip it.
Food is great, good atmosphere, the host/server jimmy is the best!! But i must admit this last server Mina or rina  was HORRIBLE. Never smiled, super stone walled and stoic. Totally ruined my dinner for me an my dad.  The appetizer, which i ordered two of, took 25 minutes which usually DOES NOT take long, nor was it busy at all. AND she only put in for 1, told me that i only ordered one and didn't even apologize. Then she messed up one of the two rolls i ordered which she then replies with "oh its basically the same, only with spicy crab on top" ... Uhh, no, a different roll is a different roll and i didnt order it. She didnt even apologize AGAIN, nor did she offer to get me my REAL order or take it off the bill. I said something to jimmy and he fixed everything and made it all better but geez.... DON't get rina/mina.
Great sushi place. Me and my girlfriend tried various sushi rolls. They were all excellent. And we had red bean tempura ice cream which was delicious. And it was not too expensive. And restaurant decor was pretty nice.
Went there right from the beach and it was very good.  Had the tuna mango tartare and the King tuna roll. Both great.
Best sushi in long beach!! Highlights-- pork gyoza, fantastic roll, long beach roll, sweet potato roll, mango tango and many more
Good sushi in Long Beach. Decent selection on the menu.
Had dinner at this wonderful sushi restaurant after a day on the beach. Appetizers were amazing, I definitely recommend the tuna dumplings. The sushi was unique and delicious, every roll we tried was AMAZING. Next time I go to the beach I will definitely come back!
Based on the good reviews here, a friend and I went to Himawari for lunch today.  Upon walking in I noticed a giant sign in the window advertising a lunch special M-F from 12-3 for $1 sushi and sashimi.  You can't beat that! Though the place wasn't busy, it took a good while for the food to come.  The sushi was served over fairly warm rice, which I don't mind per se, but it should be noted.  I found it to be fresh; not the best sushi ever, but good. When the bill came, we weren't given the discounted prices.  When I asked why..and I promise this is verbatim, they said it was because I "had the regular menu open when [I] ordered it."  That there is a "special menu" and one needs to "specifically ask for it in order to obtain the discount."   Oh, I see.  Do I also have to give the server a secret handshake then go to a map point for it to apply?  We were not given a "special" menu, nor is one visible, nor does it say that whole mess of words anywhere on their advertisement.  What could the menu possibly say apart from some exclusions? I ordered salmon sushi.  You mean to tell me that is not on there? I didn't come in expecting a special deal.  If you have read my review of AYCE sushi (EWW) you know how I don't care about that when seeking out sushi.  But when you advertise a special and are stingy/shady about it, it makes me not want to come back.  So while they up-sold $8 of sushi, they certainly lost the repeat business of a new local.
Best Japanese food in the area.  I've had a variety of rolls here and tried a noodle dish, and everything was consistently delicious.  The owner is very friendly and apologetic when the service sometimes takes too long, since it gets very busy at times.  There is plenty of seating, but you may be forgotten if you choose to sit in the back area where it is more quiet.
sushi is mediocre, there are other better places in long beach honestly. however, it still pains me to even give this place 1 star im not writing to insult this place, i promise you that but i have been served in a very condescending manner, if you will, the past times i have been here and the other day was just the worst i used to think " oh maybe they're busy, i understand" but no many of my friends experienced the same treatment as well i was so nice about it but i have had enough, i will not be treated this way by any establishment - for him to keep talking on the phone just to "chat" and keep me waiting was tolerable - for me to ask a simple question and for him to just sarcastically answer was tolerable - for him to throw the credit card back at me upon paying is tolerable (and i do mean throw) - but for him to toss my food at me like it was not going to spill (it was take out) -- that i could not forgive now, i realize that this place will not serve you fairly if you are not a middle-aged white man. in addition to that, asking how much the food is in order to help you compare the prices is frowned upon these are not humble people you. will. be. treated. badly. everyone else had a different treatment and i had done nothing to offend the server i promise you that in short, unfair treatment of customers (dine in, take out, delivery take your pick) especially from the front desk server (or management) is inevitable do not go here i def will not be going back, will not risk them spitting on my food
"Move over rover and let Jimmy take over". I'm my opinion, the best sushi on Long Island due in part to sitting back and letting Jimmy omakase you! Still high on my list is the giant scallop, a must try if available. Thanks for a great meal Himawari!
Best sushi in Long Beach by far. Fish is always fresh and service is great. Jimmy is a great guy and once you get to know him, always has something special or off the menu for you. A favorite is definitely the East Meets West roll though.
When I crave Sushi it makes me really miss living in Long Beach!!! I don't know why but I just can't find a local sushi place I like as much as this in Rockville Centre. I love most of the sushi places in Long Beach but Himawari is my favorite!!! I guess I'm a little nostalgic because  Himawari is where I first started going to when I got into sushi.  I mostly stick to rolls and there all awesome :) Very fresh and tasty... I try to stop there everytime I'm in the area and get the opportunity too...Even though RVC is not that far a way, it still is a pain in the ass when your looking to get takeout and you have to trek to Long Beach but if your in the area, definitely give it a try!!!
I've been coming here for years and I love the staff!  They know me by name and remember each member of the family I've introduced to their establishment!   But most importantly, their sushi is a grade above many restaurants in the Long Beach Area.  It's a hole in the wall type of place that makes up for it with great food.  We mainly come here for their sushi lunch special ($1 per piece of sushi) but dinner is good too.  Winning dishes in my book include Yaki Udon for noodles, salmon teriyaki for cooked fish, and the cruise ship for sushi!  Always beautifully presented!  If you're looking for steak or chicken, go somewhere else. I think if Himawari did a little bit of renovating (new chairs to start) they would really shine.  But who's paying attention to chairs when you're sitting right at the sushi bar, watching sports, sipping on plum wine, and enjoying an array of sashimi and maki? Go here!
When I went, they had 1 dollar nigiri sushi from 1-3pm weekdays.. 1 dollar can't buy ANYthing anymore, could it be true? I expected a dingy, run down, old appearance with apprentices looking to unload their leftovers. Compound that with the fact that I went on a Monday, the one day everybody's friend Anthony Bourdain popularized as the day NOT to eat fish at a restaurant, and I assumed I was digging my own grave. Hey, the place is pretty nice Only 3 years in business, the ceilings looked fresh, cut out with metal shutters lining the higher levels. Cool, but steering away from elegant, the dining room and kitchen full of modern touches which are hard not to appreciate. Owner/chef Tommy seemed like a nice person, making an attempt to be a gracious host. Confident in his food, he strikes up the convo: "Is this your first time here? Ohh, you will like it." No language barrier, Tommy is young and probably born here. The pieces are longer than usual. Not the customary 4 fingers, more like 5 and a tail on each. I wouldn't care for a piece of tuna again, but everything else was great, standouts include yellowtail, salmon, seared mackerel, scallop, and white tuna - yes. The case was neat, stocked high, and meticulously clean. You can tell this is a person who cares about his product. The selections are standard; I didn't notice any "spins". It's a menu kept under control. The construction, the chef, the menu; I felt a recurring theme of youth and tradition. As the chef was making my nigiri, he became more complex - searing tuna, using the blow torch then ponzu on my mackerel... I thought to myself, "could this all be 1 dollar each??" It was, 14 pieces for 14 dollars. hmm, Pretty good deal. And good sushi. I would definitely go back - even outside the hours of 1 and 3.
This is a great locals style sushi spot in the center of LB, the staff is super nice, the owner was Tommy but I believe he sold the business to his manager at the time, but regardless the place has lost none of its charm, service or great sushi. It's a small long corridor style restaurant that will be busy on a F-S or Sun night so be prepared to wait a bit. The sushi is always great and well done with out the absurd prices. Also something else that I notice here and most "South shore" or at least LB sushi spots is this, if you sit at the sushi bar now get this the chef's actually speak to you and converse! Living in Suffolk for sometime now I notice it's quite the opposite, why so? In most places I have been to there is almost zero dialect, all orders go directly to a waiter/waitress standing behind you and you eat your meal and go... Anyways this is not that sort of place, again it's a locals sort of place but not to be alarmed the staff is always super courteous to all.
A great Asian eatery for "Him"...and her...home of the sushi-bar flat screen! So far I'd rank this as the top Sushi/Japanese location in Long Beach.  While the area isn't overflowing with great Japanese food (see JR Sushi in West End), there's at least enough competition out there to give the #1 rating some merit.  You won't leave saying it's the best sushi you've ever had, but you should be able to say, "that was enjoyable" - as you make your way to the boardwalk for an evening walk... The appetizers have been good so far.  Complimentary Edamame is a real nice touch (why don't more places do this?), and the gyoza is, well, it's just like all other gyoza - which means it passes the test along with the miso soup and house salad.  The tuna tataki appetizers are flavored well with whatever sauce is the special of the day and a good portion size for sharing... The sushi and sashimi is always served fresh, with the highlights being the white tuna, salmon, and yellowtail.  I've enjoyed all of these, but haven't loved the tuna for some reason.  I choose to avoid this typical staple, but I've moved on.  The sweet shrimp was nice since it came with a big old shrimp head.  If you can get past the idea of eating a head, you'll actually find some pretty good taste in there.  The rolls are descent, with the best probably being the Long Beach roll, which was crab and shrimp spiced u p.  You won't find the best spicy tuna roll here, but if you're an addict, it should give you the much needed fix.  I've seen some spicy tuna addicts in my time... Kitchen has served well flavored dishes as well.  The soups noodles can provide a bit of a sweet taste which adds a nice touch to the typical udon.  The pan fried noodles salty and cooked well.  I suggest the vegetable version. As for desert, I've been able to try the bananas and the "tempura" ice cream.  Both were creative and enjoyable as an after-thought to the meal itself. So if you're in the area and looking to cure some sushi cravings, then choose Himawari over the others, but don't expect to the experience to cause you to create a "Yelp" account and review it...wait a minute...
I love this place. Its gotta be one of the best Sushi places in LB. The service is good the rolls are a good size, menu is pretty big and prices are very good. I have been here twice and both times were enjoyable. They serve edamame as a free appetizer which not too many sushi places do. If you are a fan of speciality rolls try the "Godzilla" roll its one of the best!!
Tommy, where are you??? Sushi is great as usual. Still have the $1 Sushi in the afternoon. Atmosphere is good and the kids love it especially when they get the back room.  I do miss Tommy though
This is the best sushi restaurant! I love it! I go once a week and I can't get enough! The dancing roll is my favorite! The owner is super nice too!
Coming from Brooklyn and Queens I'm familiar with a ton of GREAT sushi places and I find Long Island doesn't have as many.  I'm lucky enough to say that this place really pleases me. I'm a huge fan of this place. I think the sushi is fantastic. The service is impeccable.  They have the best lunch specials. If your a fan of Tuna, I think they have one of the best! Everytime I walk in they have new specials posted on the wall and I try one every once in awhile.   Some of my favorites are the Tuna Tataki, dancing roll and all of their sashami.  They know my sister and I well and the staff is just wonderful and friendly!
My new favorite place for sushi. Went here for dinner last night. There was construction going on outside of the building, but the inside was cute and had a good music selection. I split the beef negimaki as an appetizer (the sauce was great), and got the fabulous roll and the mango tango roll for my meal. Never tried any of these dishes before, but they were AWESOME, and they were pretty too. We stayed for quite some time after we finished our meal, but never felt rushed. Our waitress was very nice, and the food came out quickly. A great experience overall!
[I wrote this July 12, 2007, on my blog - which I'm repurposing - I'm going back this summer so look for an update by August] After a long afternoon at the beach (Point Lookout - nice and cheap for locals, which we are as of the moment) we scooted over to Long Beach where we used to come on the LIRR when we lived in Manhattan.   On the lookout for vegetarian sushi to complement the seaweed we were wearing we had set our sights low - mystery sushi w/o a recommendation always being a risk - and soon spotted an unassuming edifice just west of Long Beach Road that promised Japanese food and ended up delivering the best sushi experience this California family has ever had.   Himawari is nice looking inside, smallish but plenty big enough for the Thursday night crowd.  Sublime tastes and a wonderful friendliness kept us occupied for more than 2 hours as we first ordered conservatively and then ordered a second time having so thoroughly enjoyed every single thing from the first round. Our seven year-old son said it best when he mentioned to his Tia that it was the best restaurant he had ever eaten at.   As sushi places go, we completely agree.  When we return to NYC next year we will make Himawari  a definite stop on our itinerary. Standouts: Yasai Goyza Green Seaweed Salad Asparagus Roll (ask for tempura fried asparagus inside - not really battered and, well, just try it) Umeshiso Roll (plum paste, mint leaf, & cucumber!) Sweet Potato Roll Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream (2 huge balls cut in half to amply feed four - and the best green tea ice cream I've ever tasted)
A slow, but solid option with good sized sushi. I chose the Triple Play lunch special (3 classic rolls + soup + salad for $14.95. To get my money's worth, I picked 3 rolls that are typically $5.95 each: -Dynamite - nice combination of white and regular tuna, but the wasabi may doesn't really add any heat. -Spicy Tuna - pretty standard, but nice fish-to-rice ratio -Heaven - my least favorite as I didn't care for the combined white tuna and spicy yellowtail since I felt the flavors fought each other
Our favorite sushi place in town. This place is consistently better than Nagahama and the atmosphere is much more inviting. The owner Jimmy is always there to shake your hand and make you feel welcome. Great specials, my favorites are the King cobra roll and the cajun salmon.  They always have a new and unique special rolls to go along with the classics that any sushi place should have.  Try the flaming beef, it's excellent.  The terrifically priced, and stuffed-with-fish and other sushi house goodies (roe, seaweed salad), Himawari salad is a great starter.   The service can be slow sometimes if they get bogged down with takeout orders, but we don't care.
Definitely the best sushi restaurant I've ever been too. Great service, great environment and most importantly...great food! The staff and owner is extremely welcoming and the owner (Jimmy) is super friendly, makes you feel at home and is a great recommender. There are even some things that aren't listed in the menu that you can ask about.The food here is fresh and it really is the best of the best. It's too bad I don't live close by or else I'd come here all the time! But really, come give this place a chance when youre nearby!
I just got home from eating at this sushi spot in Long Beach. Saw a few reviews on this place and figured I'd try it. My friend Erica and I ordered Miso Soup (of Course), Himawari Salad, Volcano Roll, Naruto Special Roll, Black Widow Roll & Fried Ice Cream. The best part of this entire meal was actually the Himawari Salad. It was really good. The dressing had a nice little kick to it. The fish were really fresh and cut nicely. The miso soup was OK, kind of bland. The Black Widow Roll was my favorite from the 3 rolls. The fried ice cream was OK. The ice cream was so hard it took a little strength to even get a piece lol... They put on a ton of whip cream which I just didn't like. Took them 10-15mins just to bring the dessert to us. The service of the wait staff was right on. The decor was OK at best. I didn't like their chop sticks. The shape just felt... a bit weird. I know strange but... I actually prefer Nagahama Sushi Restaurant across the street. The food at Nagahama is right on and more bold flavors. Just makes you wanna smile while eating it. Himawari is an OK place. I'd come back for that salad =) I'm not sure what all the hype has been for Himawari. Their service was excellent their food was just OK. Sure its a decent sushi spot but in the future when I'm out this way I'll be at Nagahama =)
A friend who used to live in Long Beach introduced me to this place. We went on a rainy Saturday for lunch. The setting was quiet and the place was clean. The staff was polite and patient. We ordered two glasses of wine. I ended up changing my choice of wine after they had already served me and they had no problem with it. My friend ordered an avocado salad with generous amounts of sliced avocado as well as a clam miso soup which had a good amount of clams in it. We ordered a few sushi rolls. The sushi was fresh and delicious. This place is quiet and peaceful.  It is a nice place to enjoy a good meal and conversation with friends/family/or a special someone. If it wasn't so far from me, I would become a regular.
new favorite roll?  Long Beach roll.
I've had sushi from this place two weekends in a row.  First time we had delivery, and last night we ate at the sushi bar in the restaurant. The sushi is fresh and delicious and they have some interesting special rolls.  I particularly like the Diamond Roll - Tuna, Salmon, Peanuts, Cucumber wrapped in Rice Paper, yummy!  Last night I had this Crazy Tuna roll special which included spicy tuna, asparagus, crunch, tomago, fresh tuna on top and a jalepeno, it was delicious!   I definitely recommend this place, one of the better sushi joints I've been to.   The service was very friendly and attentive.  People who are regulars all were making jokes with the waiters and sushi chefs, clearly this is a regulars place.
Best sushi in Long Beach!  I'm about 50/50 in whether I eat-in or take out from Himawari, but I've never been even slightly disappointed.  The waitstaff/delivery staff are VERY friendly and positive, the service has always been great.   I've only had the sushi & soup, so I can't speak to the quality of the entrees but I've never had a bad roll here.  My suggestion is the "Maki combo", which includes any 3 classic rolls for $15.95.  They have some pretty solid 'classic' rolls that I think are well-priced.  The combo is said to include soup OR salad, but they usually give me both if I'm dining in. The restaurant itself is clean and well-lit.  I wouldn't go here for the ambiance but the food is fantastic and the service is always on-point.
