This store is wonderful!  Every time I go visit my friends out of town, I stop here first and pick up some small but hilarious gift.  She's got tons of stuff that easily fits into my luggage.  I also bought my mom a necklace here that she loves - it's reversible and I've seen her wear it both ways many times, so I know it was definitely a hit.  The owner, Deb, is a total sweetheart.  You can see how much love she pours into the curation of each item in her shop- often choosing things made by artists, sometimes local artists.  She's got some nice Polish stuff too, which is her family's country of origin.  The employees are sweet and helpful.  Thank goodness we have such a treasure in the South Wedge!
Zak's is one of the first places I go when I go gift shopping. The store is jam-packed full of items from classy to quirky and no matter who I'm shopping for I can generally find something (as well as picking up little gifts for myself!). This was one of the first places I went to get stuff to outfit my apartment and I ended up with an awesome wall clock that looks like a vinyl record, printed kitchen towels, heart-shaped measuring cups, and some vintage salt & pepper shakers. The kitchen corner is one of my favorite things. I've purchased cute pet-themed wine charms here for one of my fellow cat lady friends, and stackable rainbow teacups as a cute and inexpensive housewarming gift. Zak's also carries my new favorite soaps by Finchberry - big colorful slabs of the most moisturizing soap I've ever tried (that also make your whole bathroom smell a-mazing). I always spend way too long poking around this store, but the owner Deb is the coolest. I like that the shop features some larger brands, but also has unique items like handcrafted jewelry and art from local artists, especially from the South Wedge.  Definitely a place to check out, just make sure you give yourself plenty of time to explore it all!
On my way to another spot, I briefly stopped in and I felt like I was walking through a 40/50s style boutique with light pastel floral paper on the walls.  I don't think there really is any, but it's hard to tell because the store is filled with stuff from the entrance to the walls to the ceilings, overwhelmingly so.  There's tons of nicknacks ranging from stationary, jewelry, cups, mugs, ornaments, cards, scarves, signs and magnets just to name a few.  If I had spent more time in there, I'm sure I would've walked out with something just to humor myself.  There were a few times where I would point and laugh because the item would've been a funny gag gift.  It's a cool spot to shop if you're looking for something unique.
This is a great shop, good selection of merchandise, reasonably priced, and an owner who is just great to chat with, and a very helpful staff. I recommend this shop if your are looking for something unique, fun, or would like to give a nice gift.  They even "gift" your purchase for you!
Love this place - so funky and cool with quirky interesting stuff - huge selection of silver jewelry which is very reasonably priced.  I sent my husband here to buy my presents because I love the silver jewelry.  People very friendly and helpful.
