German food isn't a cuisine that I am really familiar with, so when this place opened around the corner from me, I wasn't super excited. After trying it, however, I am thrilled to have it in such close proximity. The $15 for $25 yelp deal is what got me through the door initially. We ordered Wiener schnitzel with potato dumplings, a buffalo bison Currywurst with fries, and a kasspatzle (I totally spelled that wrong, I do not sprechen sie deutsche) which is like macaroni and cheese on steroids. Wiener schnitzel was delicious and tender.  Potato dumplings were great. Currywurst was spicy and interesting. Fries were crispy and good portion. And the Kasspatzle, out of this world. Gruyere Mac and cheese with sautéed onions and bacon. ::Homer Simpson drooling sound:: They serve a wide variety of good German beers, in sizes varying from a .21 liter cup to a 4 liter boot. Yes. You read that right. They serve beer in giant glass boots. Why did I take so long to try this place!? Currywurst .... This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Had a currywurst and fries. Do not believe the hype. People must b drunk or just yelp happy cuz of the yelp deal they offer when reviewing as the reviews did not reflect what i experienced. First, place was empty while Five Guys and Ginos was packed on a weekend.  Currywurst sauce was awful, sauce plus curry powder not properly mixed is not what i consider currywurst. I can mix curry powder n whatever sauce at home, thk you.  Fries were limp n just warm, quite obvious they were sitting out for some time. Last, hostess came up to me three times ! while looking at the menu as was not sure whether i would even order. Yes freaking three times telling me she can help if i needed anything. Okkkkkkk talk about desperate. Place is really awesome how they designed n decorated it. Am a big fan of Germany n been there many times. I know the German work ethic can b a lil over the top some times so maybe they need to tell their staff to not b overbearing but can still work hard.
I was so happy to see this place, so nicely located on the way to Long Beach as you head out the train station (it'a across the street, to the right of Five Guys burgers).  So nice to take a little box of curry wurst and fries with you to the beach!   I lived in Germany for over 15 years, and never thought I'd see a good curry wurst again.  This one was not as greasy as I remembered, but the pork sausage is organic so it gets an A+.  The curry sauce is very close to what I remember, they have different levels of curry heat and I would recommend you get a higher level-I asked for level 2 and it really wasn't spicy at all. Their menu goes far beyond curry wurst, offerring everything from Wiener schnitzel to Belgian beer bratwurst, plus a fantastic selection of authentic German beer.
The place is tiny but has loads of charm. I wouldn't  want to be there when it's  busy though. We had frittes with their currywurst sauce and gruyere, I thought they were really good but a but a little too mushy. My friend had the brat with mac and cheese in it... soooo good. I had the heart attack... elk & cheese wrapped in bacon and deep fried. Very good! Server was a sweetheart but we heard her tell the other table tips were cash only. So we ended up giving her a terrible tip because we had no cash... and sorry, we werent wasting our time going to the bank and back again. No where at all does it say cash tips only. That's why it gets 3 stars. That's a pretty big problem.
This place gave me the best experience possible for watching Germany win the World Cup. Ever a fan of Germany, soccer, beer, bratwurst, and all things German-this was the place for me. The owner was so friendly, the food was great, and the beer even better! It's a small space but tons of us were crammed in there and it was still a blast! I found them to be very nice, even to the four girls who sat across from me and ordered nothing the whole time but one coke. I was annoyed by them, but the staff wasn't. So I found that pretty cool. Nothing haughty about this place!
Went here on a recommendation from a friend.   There are 3 big tables and some bar space along the walls.  From the outside, you would never think the inside looked the way it did.  I was pleasantly surprised.   The wait staff don't come over and take your order, but they do bring the food out to you.   Checking in on YELP gave me 10% off just for checking in, or I was able to purchase a $25 gift card for $15, so I went with that.   The menu was a little overwhelming, not really knowing what kind of German food I enjoyed but my friends and I split the BIG SAUSAGE SPECIAL Choose three sausages. Served with our homemade sauerkraut and fries. 19.95 We got: 1. MAC N' CHEESE BRATWURST For the kid in you. 7.49 (came with 3) 2. BELGIUM BEER BRATWURST Rich pork flavoring with a hint of Belgium beer. 4.99 (my favorite of the 3.  Pretty basic brat.  Kinda what I would think of when I'd think German Brat) 3. BUFFALO/BISON BRATWURST* Chipotle flavors, paired w/ smoked jalapeños and bacon. 6.50 (very juicy) As an app we got GERMAN BRUSCHETTA Olive oil crostinis with Fleischkäse, caramelized onions and melted Gruyere cheese. Served with our signature sauce on the side. 11.49  If you like caramelized onions, I would DEF. Recommend this.  It came with A LOT of curry sauce, but I put mustard on it instead.   Lastly, they offer a boot challenge, (DAS BOOT!), which my friends and I heavily discussed.  You purchase a 4L boot of beer, and if you finish it in one sitting, you earn your name on their chalk board and a picture on their wall.  I think 4L would be around 12 beers.  No girl has done it yet.  Myself or my friends may be the first!  (the owner did say, the first girl to accomplish this would get the beer for free!)  CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
Good quality food. Good beer. Fun atmosphere. Prices are a tad high, but not bad. The place isn't very big and it can get crowded. But overall a great place to have in Long Beach! I'm a fan!
I think we officially have every type of drinking establishment ambiance here in LB, now that Currywurst Company has brought its biergarten flavor to town. Though small, the seating encourages making friends, and there's a vast selection of german beer choices to get you feeling sociable. A groupon got me here and I'll be back...we had the German cheese fries appetizer, the Wurst Meal (includes a wurst of your choice over mashed potatoes with kraut) and the mac and cheese bratwurst. It was all quite good and provided a warm belly to shower with a variety of german brews. Can't wait to be back here on a cold Sunday...such a warm ambiance and friendly staff.
Popped in after a day at Long Beach just in time for Netherlands vs Brazil. Food was fantastic. Staff were interactive and friendly. Got the bison currywurst with sauerkraut and potato salad, friend got the white boiled sausage (forgot what that's called!). Def plan on visiting next time we're around!
We went here the other weekend after some coffee and sand. We got there as they opened there doors - no line, no pesky complaining patrons... I started with a ,4L Gaffel Kölsch, and broke into a Giant Pretzel with the family. (Which goes exceptionally well with the curry sauce.) for the main course I had the Wild Boar Bratwurst - which was amazingly Flavourful. It's served with sauerkraut, which was also quite good. I've also had their currywurst - and for those who like a good kick go with #5-7. There are a myriad of meats and sides to choose from. I'm familiar with most, thus I look forward to comparing and contrasting more from here. This is a perfect location for a nice BratHaus - it would be neat to see them set up a stand nearer the beach - just like at the squares in Deutschland.
This was a wonderful find during a recent visit to Long Beach. The women working were so friendly and helpful with picking out the perfect meal. The food was AWESOME. We got the kobe currywurst with fries and the mac & cheese bratwurst, which was more than enough food for two of us. We're already planning a return trip just to try more of the menu - next time we'll be sure to arrive later in the afternoon so we can sample some of the impressive draft selection. By far the best German place I've eaten at outside of Germany. Worth a trip to Long Beach if you're looking for currywurst without the airfare.
This was a weak 5 stars, but with a little improvement it could be a STRONG 5 stars. The place is small and cozy, the menu is very interesting and the staff is very friendly. My wife had the potato soup which was not what she was expecting, but definitely did not disappoint her. Instead of being your typical thick potato soup, this was more like a cross between a potato soup and a French onion soup. Was very tasty! Next we had the Chorizo chips. On a very minor down note, the menu claimed that the chorizo is served on crunch chips. The chips we had were good, but absolutely not crunchy. If you want a true 5 stars your menu has to match what you are serving. Still, a very good appetizer! I had the buffalo bratwurst with the sweet mustard and the sauerkraut on the sandwich. The bratwurst, the mustard and the sauerkraut were all very excellent! When I sampled the sweet mustard before ordering I thought it may be too sweet, but it paired very well with the excellent homemade sauerkraut! The weak point (also helped bring down my opinion) was the roll. It was too much bread and too spongy. It should not be hard to get a better roll to serve the bratwurst on and that would help elevate Currywurst tremendously. My only other complaint was that this was an early afternoon lunch with too much to do afterwards to sample their great looking beer options. I would love to come back here when I can sample a few of their interesting looking offerings!
This place is a gem with actual Germans running the place. The communal seating is cozy and especially nice if you come in alone. My level 6 curry did not disappoint. I think next time I may get the level 5 instead, and get it with the roll and the sauce on the sausage rather than the fries and the sauce on the side. The sauerkraut was very unique so of course I had to know what it's cooked in, but I'm not telling the whole internet. You'll have to go yourself to find out. I was pleasantly surprised to find the owners' level of commitment to sustainability and learn that what I was eating was organic and locally sourced as much as possible. All in all this was a great little place with a great atmosphere and tasty food. I'll be stopping in again the next time I head to Long Beach.
Currywurst is located in a long, narrow storefront.  Most of the seating area is consumed by 3 long, wide tables with bench seating for parties of 10 or 14.  There are a couple of side shelves bolted to the left side wall with metal stools at them for anyone else (though not particularly comfortable), and a couple of 2-top tables on the sidewalk.   You order by walking to the back and placing your order at the register and paying there.  Then they carry your food and drink to you wherever you sit.   What a disappointment.  I came with a craving for bratwurst and pretzels.  I ordered the Tommyknocker Bratwurst and the small pretzel.  The bratwurst was not very good.  It had an unpleasant odor and taste.  But the pretzel was worse: it was like someone microwaved a Superpretzel they got from the frozen aisle at the supermarket.  It was cold in some places, and watery in others.  The Maillard Reaction that browns the skin of the pretzel had not completed; instead it had an uneven, sickly tan.  I was shocked that a place that seems to have at least one real German working (perhaps running?) it would tolerate such shoddy work from their kitchen.   In their defense, I will say that they beer selection was excellent, and the service cheerful, but I wish they would improve the food.
Authentic. Good. Go! And they have good, lean options too if you need them. The curry is really tasty and they will help you out if you need it.
The best German food on this side of the Atlantic. Isa is a warm and friendly hostess who made sure my girlfriend and I had a great meal and even better beer. The atmosphere is great. I've been here a few times recently and now they have a boot club which I'm thinking about joining, I hope my liver can take it... Danke Currywurst!
Had the spicy veal currywurst and potato salad..... it was great. The waitress was knowledgable and friendly. I really have to say I enjoyed it quite a bit. My first time trying anything from this restaurant and I was very pleasantly surprised. The decor was very cute and I would definitely come back with some friends and try the BEER BOOT!!
Sorry I waited so long to come in here. Great selection of beers and great German wursts and entrees. I think my new mission in life is to complete the 4 liter giant boot challenge and get my name on the wall.
This place is a little gem in Long Beach. The food is fantastic. They have a great beer selection. The staff is friendly and helpful. It's been dropped in wholesale from Germany.
Well played, currywurst, well played. I love me some good brats and beer, and they have both here.  I like how they're taking a twist on classic german food, and bringing them current with different cuts of meat and different seasoning. we tried a platter of 3 different brats, that came with fries and sauterkrat for about 19.99 - its a special they're promoting, and well worth it.  They came with some lovely mustard, and we each got a beer. 1. I love german beer.  we pulled the lighter draft so its not the full bodied german beer you expect, but its light enough that you can drink a couple and not feel full 2. the fries were fantastic, skin still on, nice size, nice and crispy 3. The sauerkrat was delicious - and I dont usually like sauerkrat. 4. we got the tommyknocker, the thuringer and the belgium beer brat - tommy knocker was by far my favorite; I couldve ordered three of them alone and been happy 5.  I need to try the weiner schnitzle, its my favorite german meal, and they have it.  I also need to try the potato salad, and the apple strudel - most likely tonight :-) When you walk in, you order in the back and find a seat - its communal type sitting, so there are a couple of long tables with benches that you'll sit at with strangers - or your whole group if you have enough people, and a long bar type table against the walls with stools. it can get a little rowdy and loud in here...germans are a loud bunch - but its all in good fun, if you're looking for a quiet meal, you're better off coming when its empty or taking out yum.
I'm German and I know Currywurst.  Unfortunately it did not wow me.  I miss a good Currywurst and the sausage did not live up to my expectations.   The red cabbage tasted the way I expected it but was over cooked.  The potato soup was good.   We finished the food but for now I cannot agree with the positive reviews.
There are two main routes to take: the currywurst and the bratwurst. I ordered the veal currywurst with the second hottest curry (the #5 - dead man walking). There were only about eight pieces, but the dish was only $6. Moreover, it wasn't spicy, but Sarah - the server/cashier- offered me the hottest curry (the #6 - burning baboon) to add. It was perfect. If you're only getting one order of wurst, then definitely order a side or two. I choose the sauerkraut and a small pretzel. The sauerkraut was a great compliment to the currywurst by adding a boldness to mild the spiciness. To tie everything together, I ordered a hefeweizen which was served in fitting weizen vase. The beer was golden and has a rich banana/citrus scent. Though the restaurant was quiet when I dined, it is set up for a lively atmosphere. There are two large beer hall tables and seating against the wall which establishes an interactive setting.
First time here. Everything was delicious. The waitress is so sweet and helpful. Will definitely be back!
Delicious currywurst and bratwurst that was both interesting and tasty. Appreciated the variety of meats and spiciness from mild to super spicy. The bread that comes with the meat is also delicious. We had three vegetarians in our group. Currently, there is no vegetarian sausage, but they enjoyed the french fries and pretzels. They have two big tables that anyone can sit at. Our big group took over an entire table, but we couldn't linger because the place is a bit small, and there were clearly people waiting for a table. We wondered when they might open up a beer garden, or something that would allow for a more leisurely stay. The stay were so friendly and helpful - with the menu, bring our food out, etc. I definitely look forward to coming back next time I'm in Long Beach.
Enjoyed the weisswurst, buffalo bratwurst & the currywurst (choice of mild to hot). German potato salad was good and they offered a  nice beer selection ($5.99 & up), as well. There are 3-4 large wooden tables and seats among the wall. Unless it's a quiet day, anticipate sharing a table with another party. Most who walked in seemed disappointed with this concept but this is a typical style of German establishments.
I'm sorry to say I am one of those people who can no longer eat gluten (I get a horrible allergic reaction which I won't detail for you- but I truly can't tolerate it.) or dairy.  It's about as fun for me as it is for the waitstaff when I get to tell them I can't eat either. The staff was so friendly and helpful to me in picking out a dish.  The menu is awesome and maybe even a little overwhelming because there are so many tasty sounding options.  It's not your run-of-the-mill boring menu.  They have elevated the brat with gourmet ingredients and creative combinations.  You'll find all kinds of meats on the menu. I wound up with the Buffalo Brat which had Jalapenos and Chiptole as well as the Venison Brat which had blueberries and merlot wine.  The Buffalo was the clear winner.  It was delightfully juicy and tender and had just the right amount of spice.  The Venison was delicious as well as creative.  My only regret is that they no longer carry the Lamb Brat which I definitely would have ordered.   I will definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu that I can eat.
What stood out to me most at Currywurst Company was a combination between their exteremely accomodating staff and their homemade sauce. They had a special running the night that I tried this place out, early bird special on my entree and a small draft beer I believe. I loved it! They told me that they run different specials every day of the week!!! The Currywurst sampler was delicious and a great way for me to start off my first experience there. I  only had two friends with me but it was enough for 5 or 6 without a doubt!!! Can't wait to come back here to try the Weisswurst, it caught my attention as the table next to me had it for dinner... 5 stars!!!
I recommend (NEW) The Biggest Bratwurst On The Beach for those who were not satisfied with the initial launch day portions. It's 1/2 lb sausage on a bed of the homemade sauerkraut. The paired beer: Koenig Pilsner is light and delicious and works well this is larger portion Bratwurst.
I'm always excited for new food joints to open in long beach and this one was not a disappointment. You order at the counter from a large selection of sausages, sauces, and beers which you eat at either counters or communal style tables. My friend and I both had a currywurst with fries with a .5L weiheinstephan followed by an apple strudel. Everything was delicious. The staff was friendly and seemed to be genuinely excited about the place. As far as I'm concerned, The Currywurst Company is an refreshing addition to the LB food scene.
When you walk into Currywurst Company of Long Beach, you feel as if you are walking into a bar in Berlin. The walls are charmingly decorated with assorted German decor ranging from German flags and other such pieces to authentic soccer jerseys. I can honestly express that this is my new favorite spot in Long Beach. I ordered double currywurst with "top gun" style curry, the third highest level of spice, and chorizo chips. It wasn't too spicy, but the flavor was excellent. I think I'll try a higher level of spice next time, but the food was really great. The chorizo chips were also excellent, and I really liked the spicy mayo it came with. The staff was very accommodating! When I mentioned I had a food allergy to nuts, our hostess went and personally checked all of the ingredients to make sure that I'd be safe eating the food. The staff was also welcoming and extremely polite. I will definitely be back.
Being a vegan,  I only tried the potato salad and the sauerkraut both of which I was assured contained no meat.   They did appear to be vegan and both were excellent. Another good sign that Long Beach is recovering from Sandy
Came here a few days after the grand opening. Wait staff is really nice and the food was excellent. Would be a five star review but the seating arrangements need work (you eat with people next to you) and they need to work out the kinks that will always be found in a new establishment. It's worth a try for the wursts alone!!
My second time coming to this place and I have a great time with friends each time we end up here. My friends and I joined in on their mug holding competition for the laughs and had a great time. The potato dumplings, pretzel, curry sausage, cabbage and potato salad were all good flavors and perfect portions. I recommend this place for a group after a long work week to unwind and enjoy the night out. Def going back and drinking here das boot!
When you walk through the door of this place you are instantly transported to Germany!. The restaurant itself is kinda small in size, but very new and clean, loved all the German pub decor. We went on a Sunday even, so not a lot of people there, are waitress was very nice and willing to help us navigate the menu. We order pretzel to share... It was HUGE, definitely can be shared by more than two people! Very tasty and fresh served with spicy mustard. I got the currywurst veal sausage-with curry 4( this was the hot) come with a small portion of fries. The dish itself wasn't as spicy as I thought, the curry has hints of cinnamon giving it a bit of a sweet after taste, the sausage tasted very fresh. The portion was a perfect size and to was delicious! We also had the Heart attack: an elk sausage stuffed with sauerkraut and cheese and WAIT IT GETs BETTER... Wrapped in bacon!! Comes with a side of authentic potato salad- OH. MA. LORD! I was so jealous if my boyfriend cuz it look soo yummy and it tasted AMAZING! The sausage again very fresh and flavorful- great dish! They also serve German beers. In total we spent about 40 dollars which is a bit pricey for pub food; but I would go there again! Next time with a group of friends:)
Curry and sausage, weird concept to me but figured I would try it. Liked the veal one very much, the buffalo was tough. Got the spicy veal and the hottest curry and was fine .Fries were ok, roll was microwaved and after a few minutes got hard as a rock as bread does when it's nuked. I asked if there was any that wasn't nuked and was told no. And you pay ahead of time, also strange but I guess it works, stopped me from having another beer though (beer was tasty, Oktoberfest) There was live music (guy with accordion) and I met some friends I hadn't seen recently so overall a good time but they need to not serve microwaved rolls. I'd ask for the sauerkraut next time, it looked good.
I love this place.  My boyfriend and I go there all the time.  We are obsessed wit the truffle mayonnaise. It's so delicious. I enjoy the buffalo currywurst in dead man walking.
I am vegetarian so options are limited, went with large pretzel to share it was AWFUL doughy mess! Staff seemed clueless, open kitchen does not work, let's customers see kitchen staff who appear to be flirting and unprofessional. This place will be closed within 6 months.
Portions a little small for the price, but food is good. Curry hotness doesn't match the description (they aren't anywhere near as hot as they claim), but tasty. Go for the bratwursts (venison, bison, and other interesting meats for Long Beach) with a side of currywurst. Could get more beer on tap, too. Welcome addition to the otherwise boring Long Beach food scene.
9/17/2013:This place caught my eye as I was hungrily turning the corner to get home from the gym. I stopped in and after some help from the waitress/cashier, I grabbed a venison brat and an order of the pork curry wurst to go. Both were amazing and you can't beat drinking a beer while you wait to take your food home.
