My favorite place to get a sub! The prices are reasonable and  you get a tremendous amount of meat on your sandwich. They have really fresh deli cold cuts and great salads.
I have been coming to this deli since 2005. The best sandwiches ever!!! I travel all the way from the Bronx. Believe when I tell you the quality of deli meats are exquisite. It is definitely worth the toll.
Tamby's still one of my favorite delis of all time. Rarely anything has changed about it in the 15+ years i've gone. (It used to be located across the street from me.) Sure, the prices have steepened, but inflation happens. It's been a while since i've had their breakfast sandwiches (bacon egg and cheese on a roll) but i do recall the bacon being hit or miss. They used to overfry it or cook it just right. Anyway, it was always fresh and made to order. And it always came with two ojs. It was well worth it. And their sandwiches are still huge, as i receive snapchats from my friends who reside and occasionally grab a sub here.
The King of all Sandwiches!  I don't even know if it's still considered a sandwich once they make it this big!  It's literally 5 lbs of sandwich.  I recommend the Tamby's Special - I dare you to eat more than half.   Great deli that I've been following since they moved from their old location in Cedarhurst.  Definitely a great place for an awesome sandwich.
Great place! Huge subs!
Best sandwich around. Big enough for two and always tastes imagine. Pick anything on the menu and I am sure you will be satisfied. I've been coming here since I was 5 and it's better than ever.
Tamby's is an all time classic. Has not changed one bit and I hoe it never does. Hands down the best sandwiches and the best value.
The high scores, energy, and enthusiasm that were part of every review I read about  Tamburino's Deli, got my attention. I thought if it was that good, it deserved a visit to see what the applause was all about. The inside was reasonably clean, considering the amount of traffic that comes into that store. It is a very busy place, and they sell a lot of sandwiches. When it was my turn to order, I told the very friendly counterman that I wanted a "Tamby" hero, with extra oil and vinegar poured over the Italian cold cuts, cheese, peppers, onions, shredded lettuce, and tomatoes. I also ordered a "Godfather" hero, which included "grilled roast beef," melted mozzarella cheese, and brown gravy, on  toasted garlic bread, for my brother, AND a "Crazy Chicken" hero, which combined a chicken cutlet with melted cheddar cheese, bacon, and ranch dressing, for my nephew. All three sandwiches, totaled $25.85, which seemed to be a tremendous value. My brother and I each had a cold beer, and my nephew drank a Arizona iced tea with his sandwich. I must add that it was surprising to be charged $4.99 for a small order of onion rings, that were not homemade, were frozen rather than fresh, and which were suffering from freezer burn. Also revealed on my first trip, was that the crabmeat salad at $9.45 per pound, was made from imitation, synthetic products, which were disguised to look like crabmeat, taste like crabmeat, but costs the deli just a small fraction of the price that he would have to pay the wholesaler, for real crabmeat. The Nassau County Department of Consumer Affairs, (unlike the privately owned and operated Better Business Bureau) has the sole power to enforce the laws, and punish offenders which operate their business contrary to the law. It's illegal for anyone to sell an imitation product, without labeling it as "IMITATION." I asked the manager to confirm whether the product was fake or real crabmeat. He was very honest in his response that it was not real crabmeat. When I asked him why he charged such a high price for fake crabmeat, his response was "real or fake, all the customers like it at the price where it is, so that's the price we charge." This is a great place to buy anything that could be put between two pieces of bread, at breakfast or lunch, or any time in between that you want a lot of food to eat for cheap. For example, Tamburino's breakfast specials are very heavy in size, but very light on price. "The Hungry Man" gives you three any style eggs, bacon, ham, and sausage and cheese, on a toasted hero. You will also get a cup of coffee and a  sealed container of Tropicana™ orange juice, all included for $6.00.
Enormous sandwiches that weigh as much as a newborn? Yeah, I'm a fan. Especially when they use Boars Head (naturally). My favorite? The Deniro: Prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted red peppers. Do it. Get some of their pastries while you're there. The lobster tails (sfogliatelle...or something like that) are divine, and I've heard the cannolis are great too. Definitely worth the drive through the five towns. Definitely.
I was surprised that it was located on a street that I pass by and shop on all the time. I can now say I ate at Tamburino's. And I can also say that this is the best deli in the area, or even outside the area for a long stretch. I ordered The American and it was pretty good. I don't usually have trouble finishing a hero, even a big hero, but this took me a while to finish. Two sittings, one there, and one later that night. Well done Tamburino's. + you get a LOT of meat for your money. A great bargain for the price.
Where ever you live come here and get a sandwich. Any sandwich. It's an experience. You can share one but you'll resent the person that took half later. I'm a big fan of the Tamby special but there are no losers on the menu. Trust me , I'm an eater.
Simple deli with massive heroes.  MASSIVE.   I went for the Deniro containing tons of prosciutto, fresh mozzarella balls, and pickled red peppers.  It's served on what looks like an entire loaf of bread.  I dare you to finish off one of their heroes in one sitting.
The best penne and vodka sauce in town! Great customer service too!
This is my favorite deli.  Now that i've moved into Manhattan I get cravings for this place all the time.  You can't find many places where they put a full pound of boars head on your sandwich, especially for the price.  Not only are the sandwiches awesome, but basically everything else from the desserts to their italian food is great.  I always stop here when I visit home, there's no other deli like it.
The best deli period.   You get a full lb of cold cuts per hero.  A 6 foot hero can feed an army and the prices are good.  Truly a delicious sandwich.  this place is not for the weak.   Bring your hunger.
This is the closest you'll get to the classic New York corner deli in Long Island.
The EPITOME of a great deli!  Excellent!  Gigantic sandwiches. When ordering a sandwich, be sure to get a roll on the side - and make two big sandwiches from it!  Fresh, delicious and a great Cedarhurst landmark.
best deli in 5 towns. huge sandwiches. great muffins
Tamburino's Deli it's true they do have huge heroes. However has anyone taken a peak at their kitchen lately?? The walls and the floor are covered in dirt and grease. I am honestly shocked that Tamburino's has not been shut down by the Nassau County Health Department for sanitary reasons. I would not be suprised if the place is crawling with rats and roaches. The next time you pull up to Tamburino's Deli take a walk to the back of the deli. Where the back exit door is unlocked. The kitchen door is on your right just before the exit. The door is normally kept open. If you can eat at Tamburino's after seeing that kitchen your one brave soul may God be with you.
Biggest sandwiches ever!!!!
Called up Friday to have a 2ft american hero to be ready on Saturday Aug 26, asked for cheese and mayo on the side. We were having some neighbors and friends over for dinner and everyone brought something. We picked up the hero and sides on Saturday as ordered and everything looked great. Hero was fresh, very heavy and tasted great. Of course it is always a reflection on the people hosting a get together to get food from a top notch establishment and Tamby's is always the deli of choice. We were eating it for breakfast on Sunday morning and it was still great.
love love love! sandwiches are huge and the combinations the put together are delish! i wish they were closer to home..
Wow what a great sandwich!  I wandered in by accident and ordered an Italian hero which I believe they called the tamby special.  Delicious and I don't think that I have ever had one better.  Full of meat and cheese, just the right amount of sweet onion lettuce, tomato and oil and vinegar.  Eight dollars and change well worth it! I will certainly go back, everything looked delish on their menu.  Oh and the coffee was very good as well.
absolutely the best in the 5 towns ..an experience to see and try to eat an entire hero...usually 2-3 sittings to finish it off...go and enjoy
Can't seam to get an order right no matter how simple the request.
Fresh, huge, delicious sandwiches.  Legendary deli, neighborhood icon for many years.
This place rocks!!  An extensive menu of heros, wraps and other sandwiches will satisfy almost any taste.  You had better be REALLY hungry to eat here.  The heros put anything at the other  "name brand" sub shops to shame and at the same or better prices.  I will make a trip here a regular occurance.
