The food is excellent been eating here my entire life and have never had a bad meal and the service is amazing
I've been coming here for years  (at least 8 if not more) and though everything is fantastic, I highly recommend the Branzino (always a special but don't go too late, runs out around 6-7 PM) and the coconut pie (irresistible slice of heaven). Staff is awesome. When I drive into Manhattan, I have to pass this place on the way home from work and I make that decision: buy dinner at lucky boy or go to Costco (across the street) and pick up a piece of fish and cook it.....usually buy. As soon as I walk my favorite waitress, Susan, greets me and immediately says "there are only a few more Branzinos, I'll run back and hold one for you". Branzino is always the special among others. No questions, no fancy business...its just known and that is the way the place is. Everyone says hi to you and everyone knows what you want, what table you like....this happens after only a few visits. The place looks small, unassuming, not impressive - but the food is AMAZING and worth every dime (I've heard many complain about prices based on how the restaurant looks - and then they eat...no more complaints). They make any changes that you like (don't like cauliflower? ok, take a potato...)and each entree comes with a huge salad. Also, don't skip the bread - its always fresh and they mix their butter in olive oil with garlic. Best ever. As mentioned before, skip the apps and opt for the coconut pie (or any of the desserts really) at the end - they are all homemade. The coffee is always fresh, they keep the water glasses full. I give the food five stars here, but there are a few reasons that it gets one star off: The parking lot is way too small (in front and back), the restaurant is really too small (owner doesn't want to expand, he's happy with it) and the wait can get really long sometimes so you end up standing over people' tables. Despite all of this, this is a great place. Highly recommended.
Very small place, easy to miss.   Very small parking lot, not easy to park. Very few tables, fills up quick. Very limited menu, but damn is it good....   The Gyro Special is a MAN-sized portion and easily the best Gyro I've ever had.   And save room for dessert... mmmmmm pieeeeeee ::Homer Simpson Voice:: Service is awesome, staff is super attentive and friendly. And apparently it's BYOB (if you desperately need a libation with your meal). This place is a diamond in the rough.  I was confused about the 5 star reviews because from the outside it totally looks like a dive.  But after trying it, I have to agree with the rest of the 5 star Yelps.
My fiancé and I decided to try Lucky Boy for dinner last night because we had heard great things about this restaurant. This was our first time here so when we entered, no one greeted us. We didn't know whether or not to seat ourselves or wait. It was weird. The workers just stood there and looked at us. I guess they only greet their regular customers. Anyway, we were seated at a two top that was right in front of the door. It was the worst table in the entire restaurant because it was freezing outside and people kept opening and closing the door and customers who had to wait for a table stood right in front of the door, leaning over our table. Lol My fiancé wanted the Branzino but they were out of it so he ordered the grilled Salmon instead. It was ok. I was going to order a traditional Greek dish but opted to try the Shrimp Curry. It was a special last night. I've been to Indian restaurants in Currytown in the city and chefs can make this in their sleep. I understand that this is a Greek restaurant and not an Indian restaurant, but don't put something on your menu if you can't prepare it properly. I didn't taste any turmeric, cumin or ginger which is normally in this dish. It didn't have that characteristic curry taste. It tasted like shrimp and tomatoes. We ordered the Ekmek for dessert and it was too sweet. It was obviously homemade as it was fresh and well prepared. The top of it was very good. It had almonds, pistachios and a delicious whipped cream on top. The inside tasted like pure sugar. Our server was hardworking and efficient and gave us the dessert on the house. I was hesitant to come because I thought that it was BYOB only. Apparently, they have a liquor license now because I was able to order a glass of Chardonnay. Overall, Lucky Boy is an ok restaurant suited for lunch if you're in the area or live or work nearby. I'll order the Gyro or the Souvlaki next time. We will return for lunch.
Excellent service. The Chicken Souvlaki was great. And a large portion, had to take home some leftovers.
I LOVE this place. It is always so busy whenever I go for lunch, but there is always super quick and FRIENDLY service, and no wait! I've had their calamari salad, the gyro plate, and the salmon salad. ALL. SOOOO. GOOOD. and FRESH! I have been WAY too full each time to check out their desserts but they sure do look amazing. BTW if it's your first time, don't miss it like I did on Google Maps when driving! It's a sharp right turn that can be easily missed on the busy street. Look for the green awning!
The food is simple amazing and I believe its the best restaurant to get some good quality food. The price range is affordable and the staff is extremely welcoming. Despite it not being the biggest restaurant it does give that cozy dinning room vibe.
A sleeper for sure, good food, but that's the extent of it. X. Don't expect great service either, because you ain't gonna get it.
absolutely one of my most favorite restaurants on Long Island. I've been coming here as a child when I lived in Queens, and I used to pass by going to Silver Point Beach Club down by Atlantic beach. the place has literally not changed at all over the years, it's been over 15 years I've probably been coming here. When I went in one time after I hadn't been back in a long time, I was literally in shock when i saw the same waiter/bus boy there! i couldnt believe it, after almost 10 years the man was still there, brought me back to my childhood of going to the beach club. anyways! this place is so delicious, l love their bread and butter! its literally my fav part, plus their Greek salad is the bombbb! served in a chilled bowl, with red peppers, olives, feta, red onion , ice berg lettuce, cucumbers and really good dressing! their gyros are also really good, the lamb is cooked on be spit right there. and holy crap there spinach pie is friggen amazingggg! real deal spinach pie! Cheesy goodness layer on top! yummyyyy!! and yeah i guess the parking for the restaurant is terrible but please, not a big deal. I just park in the lot directly across the street, where Costco and the fish market is.... you just walk across right at the light, and viola you're there... Coming anytime around dinner time and you're guaranteed to be waiting quite a while esp if you have more than four ppl in your party... good luck bc majority of the tables are four seaters or two.. waiting in the restaurant does suck though bc it's so small and it really only goes by name basis and if you're not in the restaurant when they call you, you most likely will get skipped..but it's so hard not to wait outside, staircase is short and the entranceway is small so not much breathing room and if there are other parties waiting in front of you... I will mention I happen to know one of the co owners though, Jack, he is my neighbor up the block, great guy, nice family and his food is obviously awesome. I came to find out he's the one who makes all the desserts at the restaurant from scratch ... which reminds me to let everyone know that their coconut cream pie is literally the best thing on this earth!!! love it so much my mom ordered two pies for my graduation party, (& ill also mention lucky boy catered the rest of my party, thats how obsessed i am) everyone in my family loved it, my cousin thought it tasted like a Girl Scout Samoa cookie. I don't really agree, the pie is like 1,000 times better! it's creamy coconut is so divine, then toasted coconut on top and the crust is so yummy. also they don't have a liquor license but do serve wine and beer and also allow you to bring your own bottle of wine to the restaurant. quite a few people do this.
I would say exactly the same as the other reviews. But it was so good for lunch today that I wanted to give it the 5 stars it deserved. BEST GYRO EVER!!!
YUM YUM YUM! Do you love good, delicious food? Do you love it homemade? Do you love it from scratch??? I sure do! And Lucky Boy is the place to go! I live ten minutes away, and when I say this, I mean it completely and fervently. There is NO good food around here! NONE! That is why I was so skeptical when I first walked into Lucky Boy this past Summer. I was blown away immediately! I thought to myself, why did I not hear of this place much earlier?? In any event, my second time at Lucky Boy, there was a big flood from a storm (way before Hurricane Sandy) and the electrical went down, so we could not pay them as we only had credit cards. They were so kind and let us leave due to their good faith. We paid them back several days later. Then I came back for a third time a few weeks later, and I haven't looked back. I kid you not when I say that for many months now, I have been eating dinner on Friday and Saturday nights at Lucky Boy almost exclusively!! The food is scrumptious and the desserts are fresh! Also, I have gotten to know the owners, Jack and Nelson, and staff who are all extremely friendly. This is a prototypical neighborhood joint! I'm thrilled to know that, when in doubt, Lucky Boy is only minutes away!
This restaurant is a restaurant where I have to start backwards. Meaning....dessert first. If I don't I wont ever make it to dessert!!!!! The desserts here are Ahhhhhh-Maaaaaaay-Zing! hehehhe. (AMAZING!) The Ekmek is my favorite dessert. I believe it's a Greek dessert because I see it in every Greek restaurant and dessert place. OMG it's so good...there is shredded fillo dough on the bottom that is drizzled with honey and on top there is this AMAZING custard and there is also cream on top and nuts too. It's just aaaaaaah-maaaaaaay-zing I also had the coconut cream pie, some kind of banana pie.... I found out why the dessert are soooo AMAZING. The desserts at Lucky Boy are homemade. I can't say enough about the desserts. I mean think about it. I live in Manhattan and I have driven here several times. The lot in the back WOAH is a tight fit. Oh food. Right. They have food too. ehhehhe. I always remember a big salad. My friend and I shared the fish so we can make it to dessert. I always tell myself and I forget...next time just head straight to the dessert!!!! And I forget. I have to, I mean, I have to!!! bring my boyfriend here.
How the heck do I end up at these places? Oh yeah, Yelp..That's how! How many times I have gone by here on way to JFK and never would have even noticed this place.  Too many. Bf couldn't figure out where the heck to park here so he dropped me off at side of the road.  When I walked in, it was like everyone was a regular there.. the place was packed on a Monday night (good sign).... and everyone was staring at me. The counter guys were super friendly to me this outsider, worried it would take me 2 hours to see my bf again as he left me on the main road, I wasn't sure how he would find his way back to this place. Luckily the strange trip out here was SO worth it.  The chicken soulv. platter was delicious.  I will say at first I thought it needed more flavor.. But turns out it just needed more salt, which I added when I got home and it was then close to perfect.   Nice to see they don't over-salt (or perhaps even salt?) their food. Incredibly huge portions too.   My type of place! They had this chocolate pudding type looking pie that looked incredible and my next trip out this way I'll be back!
My uncle swears by this place. I'd eaten here once before, but I didn't have much recollection. A group of us came in last week when I said I was desperately hungry, and now I know why. The portions here are mammoth. I ordered a cheeseburger dinner plate special, which includes the burger, steak or shoestring fries, onion rings and a Greek salad. The Greek salad comes in a bowl large enough to house a school of fish. I felt like I was eating out of a bucket. It was filled a little over halfway with fresh lettuce, cucumbers, feta cheese, olives and tomatoes. I like that they only lightly dress the salad since a soggy, dripping mess of veggies isn't how I like mine prepared. My plate arrived, and it was huge. The burger is huge and dripping with cheesy goodness. I had a hard time getting my mouth around it (insert dick joke here), but once I did it was excellent. Perfectly cooked, and the bun was toasted just enough to give the succulent meat something crispy to play around with in my mouth. I wish I'd gone with the bacon cheeseburger, as I'm sure they know how to do it right. It isn't all dressed up with loads of toppings and condiments either. You just get a basic burger with cheese, maybe lettuce as well. But it all tastes so good that you don't need anything else on it. I got steak fries - they were huge. Seriously, the potato they came from must have been the size of two fists because the fries were large & in charge. I had virtually no room for my onion rings, but I still wolfed down one or two so that they didn't feel left out. Our server asked if we wanted dessert, but most of us were so full that the mere mention of it caused stomach undulations. But my uncle is good friends with the manager, and he graciously sent over 2 slices of pie for us to split. One chocolate and one banana cream. There were 6 of us eating and we were all able to get in on it, so that should tell you how big these pieces were. The food was killer and the service was second to none.
Rather than write a review, I want to write Lucky Boy a love letter.  This wonderful and understated BYO Greek restaurant is consistently delicious.  It is my favorite restaurant and even though I no longer live in the neighborhood, I make a point of visiting a few times  a year just to go there. Outstanding (daily) fare includes the gyro over salad, the spanakopita and the grilled Branzino.  Other delights include a hearty split pea soup in the winter, a lovely sauteed shrimp over spinach and a solid burger with home-made fries. The bread as you sit down is warm and crusty.... delicious. Save room for dessert because every one is homemade and my most favorite is the Eckmek (no idea how this is spelled): a base of honey-soaked shredded filo is then covered with a homemade custard, dusted with cinnamon and pistachio or almonds and then topped with fresh whipped cream.  I wish I could eat that for every meal for the rest of my life, and it pairs perfectly with an espresso shot or bittersweet Greek coffee. Hands down, this the best food I've ever eaten.  Prices are ridiculously reasonable and the portions are always more than you can eat.  LOVE this place.  Worth the wait.
Consistency and hospitality is what makes Lucky Boy something of a local legend in the JFK community. They have been serving really good Greek fare for years, and they have a huge crowd of regulars. A big part of that is the staff, who treat you like family from the time you enter. The portions are fantastic and everything is well prepared. Probably my favorite Greek place on Long Island. Be warned though, parking here can be a nightmare.
Best Mediterranean spot around.  I cannot stress how good they are. Apparently, a lot of people feel the same way.  Try what's on the chalkboard.  If your not feeling adventurous, go with he gyro.
A very tiny blink-and-you-miss-it storefront houses the best diner in Nassau County, if not all of Long Island. Large portions of freshly-prepared entrees at medium-sized prices, gigantic salads, delicious desserts, and an attentive, friendly staff that makes you feel welcome from the moment you sit down. The downside is that the place is tiny. There isn't much room for customers to wait for a table (a 15-20 minute wait is not uncommon), and when it's full it gets very noisy. The parking lot doesn't seem big enough to fit the clientele, and there is very little street parking nearby (clearly the neighbors aren't happy, judging by the number of orange cones that have popped up in front of houses on the side road). I disagree with an earlier reviewers claim that the menu is limited. Certainly compared to the serve-a-little-of-everything mindset of most Long Island diners, the menu is sparse and heavy on Greek and Italian dishes. But there are easily over a dozen regular entrees and half a dozen specials available nightly.
If you're looking for quantity, run to lucky boy. If you're looking for tasty, well seasoned food, sorry you're out of luck. To be fair I only tried the gyro, which consisted of a heaping plate of tasteless, flavorless meat.
Lucky Boy is not much of a Greek name but maybe for a horse? See previous Yelpers review. When my fellow co-workers in VA told me that Lucky Boy was a superb place for lunch I sort of drew a blank stare. But they were sure right. From the time I walked in to the time I left. Nothing but smiling faces and excellent service. Started off with the hummus plate, moved on to soup du jour and then main coursed it with a slouvaki sandwhich. Perfect choice for lunch appetite. Cost was around $12 total and I was full and happy. Will be sure to thank my co-workers for the good tip! Parking is a challenge when they are busy for lunch or dinner.
You better be a Hungy Boy(or girl) when you go to the Lucky Boy! I had the Gyro Special which was an enormous amount of food for about $13. Tons of gyro meat with Pita bread, a souvlaki stick which was freakin awesome, and a greek salad on the side as well as several pieces of thick homemade bread with an oil/butter mix to dip it in. Went back the next night and had a Chicken Gyro, an order of fries, and a slice of chocolate cream pie. The Chicken gyro itself took up an entire syrofoam to-go container! It was huge! and the order of fries was an entire 2nd to-go container. The fries were the shoestring type, and absolutely perfect! The pie was almost too much to eat at this point, but who can say no to pie. It was great as well. The staff are super nice and friendly, but it can be packed so make sure to get there and be prepared to wait if you want a table, or order to-go
Really don't understand why everybody raves about this place. To me, it's a Greek diner with some decent prices, terrible location & parking, and average food. It's not very clean, and gets crowded. Outdated looking, too. I had the gyro.. tasted like every other gyro I've ever had. My grandfather happened to be along on this dining experience -- he couldn't wait to leave. So, if you want diner food, and don't feel like going to the one down the block, try this one. Would I eat here again? Well.. yeah..
Not what u would expect-not diner food, nor diner service. I had the beef stew which was unbelievable and then had the coconut cream pie which is top notch. Three different staff members stopped by my table to have a conversation(as if they were family). Very cool
The food is "OK"...what really annoys me is that this place gets so packed, you can't even walk. It's located on a main street, so there is NEVER any parking, Even in the backlot. Don't go there at lunch! It takes about 45 minutes to make your food, and you wont even be seated right away. Honestly, i give it 2 stars because the food is "OK", but i've had better. I think it's a little pricey honestly...and it's not worth it for the frustration you go through finding parking, and being packed in like a sardine. Not worth it. Will not return.
So let's talk.  The place is nothing to look at...and you might certainly drive right by it.  But this is one of those neighborhood spots where the servers know everyone and stop and talk at the tables.  The food is good with huge portions- it's not the best, nor is it particularly gourmet- but I must say that I've been here twice and had a good experience both times.  For the price, if you're in the neighborhood, give it a try!
Food was very good!! Bread is awesome and the most amazing coconut cream pie.... Save room for dessert!!!!! Little on the expensive side, it caught us by surprise.
Wow!  I can't believe this place has been sitting right under my nose for the past many years and I've NEVER even thought about stepping inside the door.... actually I never noticed it even though its right across the street from Costco where I've found myself at on a number of occasions.  It was only when one of my friends went here (After a another friend raved about it to him) that I decided to join him for dinner there.  Since he first ate here, he's been coming back nearly every friday and saturday for dinner or lunch, and as extreme as that might sound, I kind of get it. Lucky Boy is not your average Long Island restaurant; in fact if you looked at it, you may think otherwise and just pass it over.  From the basic exterior, to the poor location and parking; you'd expect nothing out of the ordinary.  The inside is fairly small and it has an old yet plain decor, which is fine but won't win any awards.  Now what is it about Lucky Boy that makes this possibly the best restaurant in at least a 5 mile radius?  Two words:  The food. Like many others have been saying on here, everything that Lucky Boy makes is from scratch, and it shows when you take that first bite into the warm, delicious pita and semolina bread they bring out to you.  If I wasn't starving I could make a nice little meal out of that alone.  From my two experiences here I've ordered the gyro special and the cheeseburger platter both of which went way beyond my already semi-high expectations.  Portions are big with each meal and came with a big bowl of greek salad (Full of plenty fresh veggies and feta cheese) and a couple of generously portioned sides.  With the burger I had humongous, crispy steak fries, and onion rings with a similar girth, both of which being fantastic.  Its even more impressive that I wanted to eat the onion rings since I'm in general very indifferent of them.  The burger was juicy but not fatty and had a great ratio of bun to meat, meaning I didn't have to worry about toppings sliding out or not having anything to hold onto.  The gyro platter was equally tasty with loads of gyro strips and some shish-kebab.  Despite how full I was getting I resolved to nearly lick my plate clean since just letting a fry go uneaten here would be nothing short of a travesty.  I did not try any of the dessert items but I can tell you that they all are homemade and you're given a large portion.  My friends swear that any of these dishes are delicious and I plan on trying one of them eventually... if I'm daring enough I'll go on to sample the entire dessert menu over time. I also must mention that the staff is extremely friendly and on both occasions I've met the owners who really do their best to make sure you are both comfortable and satisfied with your meal.  The rest of the staff is great too and they give a very welcoming vibe.  Lastly, the prices are for the most part reasonable, especially for some of their regular specials like the gyro platter and more.  Some of the pricer dinner items compensate for their price with large portions that may ultimately give you a second day of leftovers if you don't have the strength to take it all down. I let Lucky Boy slip by me for so many years and wish I could go back in time and tell myself 10 years ago what this place was like, and though I have no Deloreon to take me back, I can make sure you know to not pass this place up.  If you thought about coming here, or never even heard of this place, seek it out and go; you'll be glad you did.
From the outside this place doesn't look like anything special but once you walk in the quaint appeal stands out. The service was impeccable. The food was amazing and very reasonably priced. I had muscles and linguini with fradiablo sauce. It was cooked to perfection. I would HIGHLY recommend this hidden gem.
This my to go to spot for lunch. Awesome service even if the place is super crowded . Try the Stuffed eggplant, it's definitely one of the best things in their menu.
The food is very good. The place is way too small for the people waiting for a table. Parking is rough if the back is full. And my main peeve is : HOW CAN YOU CLOSE at around 8pm On a SATURDAY NIGHT in the summer??? Damn, it's light out until 9:15. Don't get it.
My favorite restaurant in the world . Yes that's correct and as a airline pilot I fly to Europe South America and Asia .  Great people awesome entrees so healthy I could eat here every night .  You won't be disappointed  .l
Honestly, when I first saw this place from the street I thought that the other reviewers were crazy. But after I went in, I realized how busy this place got. The gyro and souvlaki portions were HUGE!  While I have yet to try their dinner specials, which honestly seem overpriced, I will definitely come back again. It's SO much better than Greek Town in Rockville Centre.
I LOVEEE Lucky Boy ..... My family has been coming here for over 20 years and the quality and service has always been excellent and top notch.. On my last visit I ordered kalamari with salad my son ordered bacon cheeseburger w French fries,wife ordered gyro and so did my other son ..... The waiters brought over pita bread and a topping for it ... Not too long after our food arrived .... My salad was excellent and was garnished with feta cheese the kalamaris were excellent and the marinara sauce was full with flavor.... My son said he really enjoyed his burger and also the fries are not those frozen ones .... They are freshly made by the chef .... My son said his gyro was great and very filling my wife said the meat was excellently marinated ... As a dessert I ordered a pudin dessert that was so good! Very nice workers , fast service, delicious food , yup this is as good as it gets
This was my first time here, i will be back. I had the baked cod fish with roasted corn and broccoli rabe, it was perfect. For dessert had the homemade coconut cram pie, best i have ever had. The service has great, fast and friendly
I have been going here for the last 15 years....and it's only gotten better!! Service is great and the food is great. Everything I've ever ordered here was good. I've never had a bad meal here. Try the soft shell crab salad its the BEST!!
Love the Greek Salad yummy. Decor is simple and the staff is friendly. I will always go back for my favorite salad.
I ate a late lunch at Lucky Boy today, with my mother and aunt who had just arrived at JFK.  Our food was delicious (my mother & I each ordered a special, which was ravioli stuffed with eggplant & feta cheese) and my aunt ordered the salmon luncheon (a *huge* portion of salmon, rice, and different kinds of vegetables).  We were given lots of warm pita bread, and for dessert we shared a piece of baklava.  There were also some other delicious-looking dessert items, plus our server and the owner were really sweet-natured.
Luck Boy indeed!  I ate here 4 times a week for a straight year while living on LI.  Let me tell you what I love the most about Lucky Boy - consistency, fresh ingredients, and excellent variety.  You could be in the mood for anything, and they always deliver.  And the staff is great.  It's a gem!
I pretty much agree with everything the woman underneath me wrote.  Growing up 10 min away was a blessing.  The place is directly across the street from Costco.
Portions were generous and reasonably priced.  I had the Gyro deluxe which is slices of gyro meat with a stick of souvlaki, pita quartered and salad.  It held me over well past dinner time.  I thought I saw a review saying the gyro is home made vs from a factory.  I was good, but I thought the souvlaki was more tasty and would definitely order that by itself.
Absolutely the BEST place in town!!!  Only wish they could expand.  We like to go there about 2 or 3 PM to avoid the crowds.  The food is EXCEPTIONAL, the staff is WONDERFUL and, well, it doesn't get any better than this place.  My absolute FAVORITE place in the whole world.
Great Greek restaurant with excellent, fresh deserts. There is parking in the rear. Very friendly atmosphere and well run.
Please avoid this restaurant! Too many people are finding out about Lucky Boy causing me to wait longer every Friday night when i arrive at 7pm. :-) My family and I have been going to Lucky Boy for about 20 years since about the time that they opened. Lucky Boy rocks, named after a race horse that I assume the owner George either bet on or knew the owner of. George no longer works at Lucky Boy as he opened a second store buy his house north of NYC but the food and the service haven't suffered a bit. Regulars at Lucky Boy are known by the staff on a first name basis. I haven't seen the menu in years but it doesn't matter if you go to Lucky Boy you must have one of the "specials" of the night a soup and a salad. All the food is made fresh daily everything is prepped either before they open at lunch time or during lunch when business is slower. Most of what is offered has been summed up by Casey's post but what I can say is this if you want great food and great people working to make sure you enjoy everything from the moment you walk in the door look no further. Also on a side not Lucky Boy got a liquor license in the summer of 08. The attorney that took care of it, my dad, I'm not gloating I'm just trying to prove yes we have really been going to this restaurant for about 20 years every Friday night and although endorsing the food will make more people show up it doesn't matter I'll always love it there.
freaking amazing.
Yummy, homemade and absolutely delicious.....I eat here at least once a week......the owner and staff are so nice.....everything on the menu is homemade, no processed frozen food here! The owner makes you feel like you are one of the family! I love you Lucky Boy........
Bland. It's not awful, but it's not good either. It's like they are afraid of seasonings. There's much better Gyro at the Greek Corner in Franklin Square, not to mention it's cheaper; It's worth the extra drive.
Very good gyro special! Loaded with meat and plenty of peta bread. Location is odd and parking sucks, but overall, very good food. Recommend.
