The bartender really made the difference between a 3 and 4. He was super friendly and accommodating. The food is okay and a little pricey. The ambiance isn't the best - kinda dark - not what I would think when I hear beach house. Overall it's a good place to grab a quick drink.
This review is for midafternoon weekend lunch I've been here for lunch a few times. The wait staff is always awful. The only reason I've been back is because I enjoy the food and atmosphere, especially the outdoor seating. But the waiters aren't attentive at all. They were just very slow with literally everything - coming back to take the order, bringing water, bringing the check, etc. It was just annoying and because the service was so bad I felt a little awkward, it was so hard to get their attention for anything. Most of the waiters were young, attractive guys, but they all looked like idiots that weren't properly trained. The last time I was there, when we left the restaurant we walked back through the indoor portion and most of the people that worked there were just chillin, standing around which could explain the bad service. I definitely don't recommend going for dinner or bringing a date here. I'd only go for casual lunch and the bar scene on the weekend. Great food and drinks, terrible service.
Saturday night review: My friend and I stopped by the Beach House on our night of bar hopping around Rockville Centre. It started out slow but got packed soon enough. The drinks are very good and service is quick. The space is a bit cramped. The people aren't young and attractive, if that is what you are going for. We also went once earlier in the night and there was no cover, and then we went later on and there was a $5 cover. I think I'd return to try their mussels, which I saw fliers for all around.
Came here for lunch on Friday around 4.   I feel like it is an unwritten rule to not get fish at a bar.  I usually stick to wraps, wings, burgers, etc.  Since I'm trying not to be a fatty I decided to wing it and try the rare tuna wrap.  I was fully prepared to be disappointed.  It was deeeelicious.  Had it with sweet potato fries.  I want to go back just so I can get this wrap again.  SO good.   The service was decent.  They have happy hour on Fridays from 4-8.  1/2 price drinks.  Place was a little dingy, could use some upkeep which is why I took off a star- but It IS a bar in RVC. If you are looking for a place to eat for lunch, this place is legit!
Came here for drinks and appetizers after work with my co-workers and would definitely be my LAST time coming to this place. Someone needs to give that server Danielle a happy pill, she's absolutely RUDE and disgusting to look at. My friend wanted to push tables together because there wasn't enough room for all 6 to sit at the high top. As she started moving the tables Danielle came out of no where and started yelling at her. I mean was it that serious? On top of that service SUCKED we hardly ever saw her and the food was mediocre. I've never seen a waiter yell at a customer in my life. Never again will we step foot in this establishment.
This was my 2nd time going to Beach House, and most likely my last, unfortunately. First visit was decent enough, but this time, not good at all. Service here is mediocre. The staff are nice people, but when you are seating people at a table that is missing a chair, don't you think you, as the hostess, should make sure the guests have seating at their table first before walking away? Waitress was nice at least, but a little slow coming back to our table to take our order. Not really the end of the world though, I guess. Aside from these somewhat minor things, the most important thing - the food - very inconsistent. Some items on the menu, such as the buffalo calamari, are great. Mac & Cheese with truffle oil and smoked Gouda, awesome. Nachos? Sucked royally. A bit of advice: If you are going to have nachos on your menu, you might want to use real cheese rather than cheese wiz. And perhaps use more fresh ingredients rather than canned stuff - believe me, people do know the difference. I remember from my first visit my husband ordered one of the flatbreads and he was seriously disappointed. Thinking that was a fluke, he ordered the nachos this time around figuring something so easy is impossible to mess up. Boy was he wrong - he ate 3 from the plate and left the rest. What a waste of $12. I'd recommend trying some of the other places along the strip in RVC....
Outdoor seating in the back was like a hidden treasure ! For app ordered the original crispy calamari and it was delicious ,crunchy and fresh! Then had the crispy general tsos chicken wrap- prefect blend of sweet and spicy- our waiter Justin or maybe Josh was great he knew every dish on the menu
Great food, good bartenders, service is hit or miss and the men's bathroom is really small, but the food is all around really good so still gets four stars. You can't go wrong with the peach sriracha wings and a side of fries!
Still a solid choice,  new menu.  Same great service the best music in the background us always amazing and great house cocktail selection absolutely a great choice if you want a low key chill place
Loud. Staff ridiculously untrained, spending most of their time joking with each other like it was middle school. We sat for 15 minutes before anyone even approached us. Place was busy, but not even 3/4 full, and the rear was almost empty. When the waitress did stop by, it was without apology. "I've got other tables up front". Fair enough. No worries; you don't have to deal with this one. We walked. And we suggest you do as well. Croxley's down the block, and Churchill's across the street know what they're doing. Much better choices.
Two Words: TACO TUESDAYS They have $1 beef tacos and $2 chicken tacos on Tuesdays.  They are delicious.  They also have a great selection of drinks and some nights have live music.  Their food comes out clean, good portion and a great atmosphere.   I will be back :)
Got a groupon, so I went with y husband. It was noisy, ok no prob. Took a while to be seated, we sat and waited and waited. Waitstaff just walked by us. After 15 minutes we left....my husband said come back n use groupon with one of your friends.. I will have to return so I don't lose my $$
I usually have a good time at Beach House, but I can't pinpoint why, for the life of me. Maybe it's because I go with a fun group of people? The music is slightly more dance-worthy than Kasey's, but it's a lot smaller. The bathroom situation is horrendous. Don't sit, ladies! It's unisex and trust me, people miss. Also make sure you invest in some non skid pads for your heels if you foolishly come here in heels. Some nights I swear I can do a slip-n-slide here. Small space=people bumping into each other=spilled drinks=you falling on your butt. P.S. Coat check is in the hallway past the bar on colder months. P.P.S. They occasionally charge a cover, so if you were saving your $$ for drinks, check beforehand!
Didn't expect this place to have good food, but everything came out looking great and was surprisingly tasty. Husband had the mahi-mahi fish tacos, I had a raw tuna wrap (it's seared and came more cooked than raw, but tasted fine), and dad ate the steak salad. Prices were a bit high for what is basically a rowdy bar that is also a restaurant, but overall we enjoyed the food. It was VERY loud, so if you want to actually talk with your companions this isn't the place to go on a Friday evening, or probably at any time. Also, they have a menu of martini samplers- you get three small martinis to try them out. This seemed like a cute idea, but don't bother- they were all unbalanced and gross. This is a place for a beer or a shot, not anything mixed. I wondered why it took 20 minutes to get said drinks, and then I noticed the bartender looked more like a bouncer. The Beach House does have many large tv's with sports on, which impressed my husband and father who were able to simultaneously follow Yankee, Mets, and Celtics games. We will go back to try Tuesday Taco night, which is apparently $4 coronas $6 margaritas, $1-$3 tacos (depending on the filling).
A little bit disappointed with the end of the night.. Your bar called last called but about 5 min later made your customers chug what they had just bought and then leave..  Not a way to do business and probably not safe. I compared your street of bars/pubs to Albany but I take that back now.. Albany calls last call 1 hour ahead .. Unfortunately I won't be coming back here and ill advice others not to also
Although this place doesn't have the best food, they definitely have GOOD food and the quality is above most places in its genre. The fried calamari is delicious - it's crispy on the outside and not the least bit chewy. The skirt steak is not amazing, but definitely above average. The shrimp and scallop ravioli is delicious. The service is also great. My only gripe is that the waitress got my order wrong. I asked for no breadcrumbs on my pasta dish yet found myself having to scrape them off with a spoon before I could eat. That was definitely annoying considering we were literally the only table seated for a meal at the time. She should have noticed and corrected the mistake without my having to point it out.
I went here once.  It was a Thursday. I'm sure the rating would go up if I go a few more times.  I'll have to try it on a weekend. The music was great.  The food was your basic bar food with your basic bar food taste. The bartender was friendly.  And there was plenty of parking across the street in the parking lot.
The Beach House is another place I routinely visit when I am in Long Island. There is usually a cover charge here after a certain time, not sure how I avoided it but I'm not complaining. The music is great, with many televisions lining the walls playing music videos. The music is top 40 and everyone is in close quarters but still an enjoyable time. I actually noticed for the first time (at least that I can recall since I am usually hammered by the time I get here) that there is more space outside in the back with an additional bar.  Definitely a nice atmosphere to grab some fresh air. Cheers
Cool, laid back atmosphere.  The food portions a good and the tastes are great.  Try the crab cake wrap or the salmon wrap.  This was a trip during my work lunch break, I will be back for some drinks next visit.
Service sucks and the staff is rude.  Go to the one in long beach, its better managed.  I went on the afternoon of Sunday July 27, 2014.  When I arrived, the hostess was not around, so we had to sit ourselves.  Second, the place only had one waitress and she didn't show up to take drinks until 15 mins later.  Waitress was also not friendly.  Then, she didn't come to bring us the check until an hour later.  Once I got the check, she didn't come back to take the cash so I had to walk to the bar to close me out.  The bartender was extremly rude, yelling at me saying the service is good here, as if I was in the wrong.  She went back and got the witress and they closed me out, the bartender again kept making rude comments, so I asked to speak to manager. Come to find out, the manager was not present.  The bartender was like, I am sometimes the manager LOL..  Maybe it explains why the bartender was rude, the waitress was no where to be found, and the hostess was out back texting on her phone.  Poor management, if you go here its deff not the same as the one in Long Beach.
I tried..I really tried to give it a great review because they have great food. But overall I can't give it a good rating because of the other very important elements that this joint overlooks over and over.  And this is based on many visits - two in one weekend in one case (Friday night and Sunday afternoon). The good - amazing wings with great sauce choices. Apps - scallops, hummus, butternut squash ravioli, calamari (also great sauce choices) all great.  Wraps and burgers are good too.  Fruity fun drinks (a great money maker too) - great! Guy playing guitar on a Friday night was a nice deal. The bad - service STINKS.  While servers when you can catch them are friendly - they have no sense of urgency. On a Sunday afternoon, I watched two sets of people walk into a place that clearly had plenty of seating. They waited, and waited. A hostess came to the front, grabbed something from the desk and walked back to the rear of the restaurant. In both cases, the dismissed future patrons walked out.  Why not..plenty of other better eats and drink in RVC.  I called on a Sat evening (around 6) to make a reservation for a Sunday for a few of us and the bartender told me "listen i am really busy right now and the girl who takes the reservations is not here." After being on hold, he came back - told me he would write it down. Next day - I called back to check - they didn't have my reservation. Anywho..I STILL insisted we go and while the place was pretty empty on a Sunday afternoon and we were promised that someone would be over to take a drink order - and several servers were walking around - after 15 minutes no one came by. There is a definite sense of immaturity amongst the WAIT team. So wait no more, we didn't. Walked out and went to Croxley's. And why oh why can't one table or chair be FLUSH against the floor? Every single table and chair is uneven. Uneven = spilled drink = annoying. And the cheap plastic uncomfortable chairs out front are um...cheap, and UNCOMFORTABLE. Gross bathrooms always make me wonder what other parts of the place are not kept clean and tidy. So sad...with yummy food it's missing its potential to be more than a Sat night beer guzzling hangout.
really had the most amazing time every time there. food drinks... and seeing only one.
I had gone here for dinner one night with a friend and thought it was delicious. I heard that they had a very fun night scene, and I went back to check it out... Here's where the trouble begins: - They gave a friend a hard time getting in, made him pull out a second ID. Alright, I understand you don't want to lose your license on an underage drinker... - Music was good, better as the night went on, it was a DJ. It wasn't too expensive for the drinks either. - It got VERY crowded after 12, both inside and out. We were crammed in there. - My brother, who was a bit drunk, went to the bathroom. The next time I saw him, he was in a choke hold. At first I thought he was getting jumped, which scared the crap out of me, but as it turns out it was a bouncer. My brother was not resisting in any way, shape or form and this meat head bouncer kept him in a choke hold. I got over to them to find out what the heck was going on. Another meathead bouncer comes over and tells me my brother has to leave. I said "Obviously, but he is under control can you let got of his neck at least." They ignored me and that second bouncer grabbed my brothers arms. So here my brother is sandwiched in between two bouncers, not resisting at all and walking with the bouncers, as best he can while be choked and held, towards the door. Then a third bouncer came over and tried to join in, in restraining him. This was just over the top excessive for someone who wasn't resisting being told to leave. We finally get to the exit and we were asking the bouncer why he got thrown out. He told us that my brother was done for the night, and said something about him throwing things off the bar. My brother said obviously you have the wrong guy, he told them he was military and that there was no reason for him to be treated like that. They told them they don't care what his occupation is. When we complained to another bouncer about the treatment he just said my boys did what they felt was right. We told him there was no reason for that extremes they went to and again told them that my brother is military and wouldn't do something like that. All he told us well his boys are off duty cops. As it turns out, my brother wasn't even told or warned that he had to leave. He came out of the bathroom and was jumped by the bouncer. He got scared, as anyone would, and then realized what was happening and then went along with it just to get away. - As we went around to the front entrance to get my brothers card, and to close the tab, there was a ton of screaming going on. As it turns out 2 other people were kicked out. One guy was told the same things that my brother was told, but I didn't see how he was taken out. Another person, this time a female, was kicked out because she was defending herself. She told me she was groped by the same guy 3 times, and after telling him to leave her alone 3 times she just pushed him away, and she was taken out while the guy was allowed to stay. They also broke some of her jewelry while getting her out. It's a shame this place is a fun place to hang out, but it had to be ruined by some jerk bouncers. I will never go there again if that's how their staff wants to treat their patrons. All of our group saw what happened and thought it was ridiculous how they treated someone who wasn't fighting in the least. My friends and I will go bar hopping to the other places in the area instead from now on. ~ Amy
This is like Joshua Tree in the city.. except random porn with cartoon characters playing. How dare you go from playing Bruce Springsteen to playing PORN in a bar?! Despite it being packed bartenders were proficient at making drinks. I had a gin and gingerale and a black and blue for $12! I had to close my tab after 2 drinks because the cab was on its way. Young crowd, full of locals. I danced, sang..and called in a night.
The food here is surprisingly good. I've enjoyed the pulled pork sliders, nachos, spinach dip and their burgers (not all at once thank you very much). All was very tasty with the sliders being my favorite. It's a good place for Friday night dinner and drinks but the crowd is young and it gets very loud--if you want an intimate dinner, you won't find it here. Beer selection is good too for all you bougey beer drinkers out there.
Like most mentions, service was bad. And I mean bad. They were friendly, but it took about 50 minutes to get served and the sad thing is I'm not even exaggerating. Chicken tidbits were nothing special. Tip to waiters/ waitresses- I am in the business. I know you make your money based off of tips but please be more attentive to every customer.
I went to The Beach House on a Thursday evening for happy hour. The place was very clean and had a nice atmosphere. Our bartender was very friendly, helpful and attentive. I tried the red sangria and it was delicious. My friend had the white sangria and it was even better. The happy hour prices were a great deal... $3 for wine, not sure about the beer prices. We enjoyed relaxing and listening to good music at the bar. The place started to get more crowded as it got later. It seemed like a laid back, professional  crowd just looking to hang out with groups of friends. I'll definitely go back to have more drinks and try the food soon.
Sports bar/grill with better than usual food for this type of joint and nice waitresses. Hit this place with a Groupon for 4, which wound up being a pretty nice deal. Fair warning, though---you won't suffer from sensory deprivation here. The usual 4,576 TV's everywhere, and the music is pumped through at decibel levels similar to those experienced at your average Motorhead concert. Quiet conversation? Not here. Age skews to 20-somethings. Probably come back in the summer when they open up the front and the jet noise emanating from the speakers is able to dissipate into the street.
Place went from zero to hero. The old store Champs was a dingy dive bar. The Beach House turned it into a beautiful space with a open air feel. Food was top shelf, staff was friendly and the music was great. I would go back to eat and stay for the DJ. Tommy Tunes was great and videos on the screens were so cool. Check them out.
This place is ok, nothing really stands out. Went there on a date, unfortunately  it was also Monday Night football. There were not a lot of people there but the tvs were on loud enough that they could listen from home. I usually get calamari as an app and they were a little too rubbery. Service was slow which was surprising as I said, there were not a lot of people there. They are also not a fan of clearing off your table after you complete a drink or salad or an app. Overall would not go again as this place appears to be more a bar that serves food then a restaurant that has a bar.
Not sure why people are raving about the food.  It was disgusting.
The night I went, there was a reggae singer (not a band).  He must have been turned up to 10.  It was crazy loud and it was only 8:30.....too early for the "hang out" crowd.  It would have been a perfect night to be with someone who you had nothing to talk about with....it was that loud.  I said something to the hostess however to no avail.  Ok, now that's out of the way.  The food was TOP SHELF !!!  I started off w/ the mussels and chorizo.  It was so good that I contemplated ordering another round for my entree.  I'm glad I didn't because my grilled chicken panini w/ pesto was equally as delicious.  They allowed me to substitute my fries for grilled asparagus for no extra charge.    The staff was on top of everything (except the noise level).  The waitress was great as were the busboys.  Overall very genuinely friendly.  I will definitely go back.
I wasn't able to get in this place because the bouncers working the door said my drivers license was fake...IM 28! Incompetent staff to say the least! Don't go here unless you want to be insulted. They let every 19 and 20 year old in here and then scrutinize older customers who just want a drink!
Recently renovated into a much nicer, but still laid back bar/pub/restaurant, The Beach House has held a good amount of patrons despite it being very difficult to come back into the restaurant scene in Rockville Centre.  They have improved in every category since the old place, formerly named Champs, and boast better deals as well.  Their appetizers have been my favorite thing so far, like the wings or shrimp and mussels together in the same shell with cheese and a house sauce drizzled on top (pretty amazing.)  They have a pretty good selection of draft beers, but still pales in comparison to their neighbor down the street (Croxley Ales.)  The bartenders are very nice and will buy you a round of drinks if your food is late or you're having poor service.  Monday night is all you can eat wings for 10$ or all you can eat wings and drink draft beer for 20$.  It's a great place to go for a few beers, or stop in while bar hopping or to go for just a quick bite.  The Beach House is absolutely worth testing out.
Went here tonight with my husband and daughter. The place is very nice. Ambiance was fine. We had the artichoke dip for appy. Very Good! I had the sesamecrusted seared tuna but i got my tuna cooked. It was out of this world!! My daughter had the shrimp scampi ravioli and it was also excellent. My husband chose the beach house wrap and the wrap was huge and also very good. Our waitress was very pleasant. I would definitely go back here.
Nice laid back location with great food. Went for a nice lunch and was pleasantly surprised at the quality and presentation of the food. The seared scallop appetizer was awesome. I could have ordered more of these and made them my meal. The lobster roll was a great follow up. Nicely seasoned and a very generous serving. I understand this place just went through a recent overhaul and judging by the food the Chef is a total score.
I have been here a few times in the past and the food is consistantly good and the menu changes from time to time.  I was there last night (Thursday during the Ranger/Islanders Game)  It was loud, but I didn't mind because I was really there to grab a bite and watch the game.  I had the dinner for two Groupon.  The waitress was good about explaining what the offer entitled us to.  My fiance and I ordered the calimari app. with the chili coconut sauce.  It was a nice size portion and it was absolutely delish.  For all the coconut shrimp fans... this one is for you.  For our entree, I had the cheese burger and waffle fries, served on a pretzel roll (the best ever), and my fiance got the bacon, egg, and cheese burger.  the waffle fries are large and cooked perfectly, the burgers are huge... a little too much on the greasy side, but cooked to a perfect medium-rare.  It's a good place to grab a beer and a burger, or to go for happy hour.  They also have good deals during the week.  All in all we will be going back.
