Beautiful wedding, large cocktail hour many many options, great scenery right under the bridge on the water a walk down the dock was shaky but lovely.   It was tricky to get to you need to go thru a shopping center and neighborhood it was odd but a very nice venue beautifully manicured. Staff was not like hawks  they were there when u needed them not when u did not they timed the meals perfectly. A smooth evening that Im sure other guests enjoyed and the bride was grateful
A friend of mine got married here over the weekend, and I think they did a great job. The weather was beautiful, and they're located right on the bay, so you have the water view and breezes, without the sand in your face.  The staff was very attentive, and they seemed to be paying attention to what they were doing (not bored, staring off into the distance).  The food was good, and quite plentiful (we overdid it on the cocktail hour and had trouble finishing our food) All in all, it was a nice wedding, in a pretty hall, for some great people.  They were happy, there were no problems, everything ran smoothly and as expected - they did a really good job for them!
THE PERFECT PLACE FOR A WEDDING! We recently got married here and Bridgeview Yacht Club was amazing.  I would never get married anywhere else.  The guests raved about the food as the best they have ever had.  The cocktail hour room and main ballroom are both beautiful.  Samantha, Eric, and all the staff are magnificent. I could not more highly recommend this location for a wedding.  If there was a 6th star, I would give it.
Came here to look at bridgeview for a possible venue for my upcoming wedding.  Spoke to the woman on the phone and stated the date we were looking at.  She said no problem.  Upon arriving there, she stated our date was booked already.  She showed us the venue as another wedding was taking place, and proceeded to bring us into her office where she sped through the options for cocktail hour and reception.  My fiancé and I were not impressed at all with the venue for the price they were expecting, nor the woman's not so welcoming attitude while we were there.
fun place to attend a wedding
This place is beautiful and has a great view of the water. I went here on a Tuesday night for the nightclub . I had a great time and the place was spacious
My daughter had her wedding here 6/28/14!  The wedding was perfect in every way thanks to Samantha and Tricia!!!  Wonderful bridal attendant and maitre d!!!  Can't recommend enough!  Beautiful venue, terrific service, great food and much fun!!!! Thank you thank you thank you!
I had my wedding here in March of 2013. It was absolutely phenomenal. The staff was excellent. My banquet manager, Samantha, was so helpful and informative. Any idea or suggestion that she had was a good one. She especially impressed my dad, which is hard to do. The location is great. Right on the water without being in the middle of nowhere. The decor is gorgeous, especially the draped ceilings and chandeliers in the ballroom. The bridal suite is enormous with its own bar and bartender. This was the selling point for my husband. Cocktail hour was phenomenal. All the good was hot and fresh. Everyone loved the Coney Island station with the soft pretzels, hot dogs and cheesey fries. The drinks were strong, not watered down alcohol like other catering halls. The bartenders knew what they were doing. Dinner food was amazing. I never expect the food during the reception to be that good, but it was better than I could imagine.  All my guests still rave about it to this day, and that is pretty impressive for a big Italian family like mine. The staff were professional, courteous and kind. Everyone was so helpful and accommodating. I wish I could get married at Bridgeview every weekend.
My son and daughter-in-law recently held their wedding reception here. Overall, a very positive experience. Very attractive venue (although not in a great area) with water views (some industrial). Professional staff (Eric in particular as maitre d was outstanding). Lots of good quality food at the cocktail hour. Dinner food and service was very good. Only complaint was the child sized wine glasses and very mediocre quality of wine. Had both the Merlot and the Cab and they were both colored fruit juices served in tiny glasses (obviously to discourage consumption). Not a problem, as I couldn't drink them anyway. Don't know if they have an upgrade package for wine but if good wine is important to you then it's worth investigating. If they do, then insist they provide adult sized wine glasses (if they even have them). Perhaps a minor point but as a wine lover I found this part of the event to be inconsistent with what otherwise was a very high quality production.
Came here a couple times last summer..I must say it really surprised me. The place is separated into an indoor and outdoor area, which makes it seem like 2 completely different worlds. The indoor area is almost always packed, while the outdoor area is calm and cozy. The drinks come in cans...it put me off at first, but i got over it. Also, their weren't any drink specials to be seen. The music is your basic blend of dance, hip hop, and mash-ups. The place is pretty sizable, but as i said, it will fill up QUICK. ..I'd recommend it
I went on a Tuesday night when its called something else and its not a wedding hall. I liked it a lot when it first opened up but I wont go back again. My Bridge-view days are over. Maybe cause I'm older and the crowed ranges from 18-22 I'm 24 so A little out of place.  It turned into local high school reunions in the past few years so if you don't know anyone who is going...Don't bother you will be an outcast, The place is very nice all and all and when I was in the age bracket I did have a great time. Majority of the girls are very attractive and pretty cool but I cant stomach an 18 yr old anymore. Yes its also your young stereo-type Guido headquarters....and for all you assholes out their...a Guido is not an Italian.
I came here for the Cancer Center for Kids Winthrop Hospital charity event. This is a great venue for charity events, weddings and parties. Glad to see it has recovered from Hurrican Sandy. Great setting on the water with both indoor and outdoor tables. The cocktail hour featured both set stations and pass arounds and hard working friendly staff. Dinner was Chateau Briande and Pistachio coated Salmon both done to perfection. The Bridgeview put on a great party for a great cause last night.
It is a nice place in a good location. Unfortunately I do not fit in with this crowd. I do not own a BMW or spike my hair like a Gotti kid. My lame pale Irish ass prefers to go down the block to the pub. But their food is delicious and they are a great place to have a reception.
Went here for a wedding, no complaints. Food was decent, staff were nice and accommodating, plenty of space, nice being on the water. It was nice going to a wedding where the staff didnt make any major mistakes.
This is my favorite long island club! It has a large dance floor, an open roof room for vip and a very nice deck bar outside for chatting and mingling. The music is mixed very eclectically which is annoying to me, but they do spin enough dance and trance for my liking as well as latin music (and pop/hip-hop/rock/country?). You can actually find people here who will dance with you and who know how to dance! Everyone here owns a boat I know it's a yacht club but it's a little ridiculous, guys are literally like "Hey baby wanna ride my boat?" LOL typical... Mostly though it's really classy and chill here, I've always had fun at bridgeview.
A few years back I use to love this place.  It really is a beautiful club on the water and it's outdoors which makes it so much nicer.  I haven't been there in awhile, I think I just grew out of that whole scene, but it really is a great place to go and have fun with your friends - dance and have a few drinks.
Saturday night here is very fun- enormous place right on the water.  Well worth the drive out there.
Very nice location for our company Holiday Party.  Very spacious main room, exiting out to the dock.  Food was very good.
Nice place but not a fan of the crowd of people that attended.
I'm reviewing the Tuesday night parties that they have in the summer. This place is almost always packed and full of a lot of sloppy young drunk people.  It's 18+ to get in, so it's mostly a college crowd.  I'm a little too old for this place now so I probably won't go back.  I have been here tons of time though so I'll share my 2 cents. First the bouncers...they're all  rude and full of themselves, but they do a good job and keeping the place safe.  They're under the impression that they're cops or something, but they're just a bunch of juiced up idiots standing outside of a club checking ID's. There are always several fights throughout the night.  Leave after 2 AM because that's when everyone starts getting belligerent. Next, the drinks....I like getting beer, but they're so cheap that they actually serve it in the can.  How trashy is that?! I've tried the cocktail drinks and they seem to put a normal amount of liquor in them so that's good. However, be aware of how much the drinks cost. The bartenders obviously need tips so badly that they'll raise the prices of the drinks, thinking you won't notice, and then keep the extra. One girl stole my money right in front of me. I let her keep it because her life must be so pathetic that she needs to steal a dollar, just to get by...smh. On to the bathrooms...the girls bathroom is an absolute nightmare.  The girls cut the line, they get into fights, they're all throwing up in the stalls and doing god knows what else. It's just disgusting to see how girls behave when they've gotten a few drinks in them.  If you've ever been in this bathroom, you know that the concept of being "lady-like", doesnt exist. The club itself is nice, the music is usually good.  The outside area is nice, but reeks of smoke. It's a kind of place you have to go to, to decide whether you like it or not.  Its a thumbs down for me though.
Good club in Long Island, decor is nice, outdoor lounge area is also very nice with tons of seats and places to just hang out and chill. Music can be a hit or miss depending on the DJ but when the crowd is good it doesn't matter that much. One thing that turned me away the last time I came here they served me beer in a can!! ewww
We just had our High School Reunion at Warehouse 5 - the perfect location for our group and Kathy was a dream ot work with.  We were lucky to have wonderful weather but the service, food and staff were terrific all around.  We couldn't get the guests out of there at the end of the night!
beautiful place indoors and outdoors.  The waiter service was very fast, my friends wedding was here so everything went well.
I came here to look at the place as a potential wedding venue. I was slightly disappointed the drive to the place was nicer than the actual venue. The cocktail area felt a little cramped since it wasn't a open space. However the dinning/ballroom area seem to be quite nice since it had tall ceilings draped with lush fabrics. It gave off a more regal appearance. The thing that I didn't like was actually the outdoor area, the patio was pretty small, not really an area where you can walk around with guests. Also in the background you can see the expressway and the lobster shack next door obstructing your view. Maybe it looks better at night but this is no longer in the running for my wedding venue.
I had an even at Warehouse 5, which is part of Bridgeview Yacht Club and everything was fantastic.  I chose Warehouse 5 because I have been looking for a place where adults could enjoy good food and conversation and kids can run around and not bother the adults.  Warehouse 5 fit the bill perfectly because it's shaped like number 8, with the first circle being a lounge with an open bar and the second circle a more formal sitting area that has large windows, overlooking the water.  The drinks were very good, even though we did not go with the premium liquor.  The service was also flawless, especially, our maitre d' who has saved a cherished moment during the celebration. The food was terrific and having grown up going to the best Russian restaurants in Brooklyn where great food keeps on coming all night long, I was a bit apprehensive as this was my first time throwing a big event at a non-Russian place, but everyone really loved it-there were plenty of hors d'ouevres during the cocktail hour and all were tasty.  The main portion of the reception was done as a buffet with a selection of cold appetizers, salad and hot entrees/sides.  Not only was there plenty of great food, we have a full bag of leftovers packed for us when we left.  After everyone had their fill, the kids went crazy on the dance floor, playing games with an MC, the older generation enjoyed the conversation, and my crowd of mid to late 30's spilled onto the outside desk, drinks in hand, just chilling, laughing, enjoying the warm weather.  I will definitely consider Warehouse 5 for my next event.
