First time here for food, all of the other times was for their late night scene which I really enjoy. Nice place to come for dinner especially during a nice night. Service is good and food is also good. First we started with the calamari which was crispy and good. Entree I had the jambalaya pasta which was ok, nothing to die for but it was good. If you notice a trend there're a lot of good here. I wouldn't mind coming back for dinner and even happy hour but I do like their nightlife scene.
Only open in the summer.  Nice round bar with seats outside to eat lunch or dinner.  Food is pretty good and they have deals on certain nights of the week. Most of the time I just go here for drinks or happy hour.  Great place to go with friends.
Montego Bay struggled this summer, as did many of the bars in Island Park, with the opening of Pop's on the other side of the Long Beach bridge. However, this is no excuse for the last experience I had at Montego. I went to Montego for dinner one night with my girlfriend during their "$10 Margarita Pitcher" special. They were THE WORST margaritas I have ever had in my life. They tasted like horse urine mixed with bottled margarita mix. And, on top of this, the "pitcher" was about 16-20 ounces at best. Now, for the food. I had the fish tacos, which is a fairly simple dish that should be a safe bet at a restaurant such as Montego. They were the saddest fish tacos I have ever had. Way too small, way too flavorless, way too disappointing. DO NOT GO TO MONTEGO BAY. They have nothing to offer anyone...except for some of the underage kids I saw drinking there. AVOID.
This place sucks... service isnt any better...
Nothing better after a long beach day than downing a couple of margaritas with a good meal.  I come here often - food, service, and drinks are great.  Sometimes they have live music which is an added plus.
My wife and I spent the day at the beach. We wanted to grab some lunch and saw this place. The decor should of been the first hint that this place is a bad idea. It really looks like Miami in the late 1980's. Regardless we wanted to give it a shot and not judge. Once we were seated a waiter brought over a bread basket.... There was a half eaten bagel, with used butter, and cream cheese.. At this point we hd to leave. When we informed them what had happened they didn't even try to get us to stay, it was almost like this happens all the time and were used it ...
don't waste your time..go somewhere good
