Friday - 5/30/14 - STAY AWAY! 1- Overpriced - the food cold, messy and tasteless 2 - Run by kids - not one adult or responsible person to be found that worked there 3 - Loud and very "spring-break" like 4 - Kitchen staff hanging out by the bathrooms and "flirting" heavily with a group of young gals, I felt like I was "interrupting" something. It was very uncomfortable & unprofessional The Nautical Mile is known to be young, and overpriced is it's motto, but this was a really bad experience and honestly I don't understand how it survives. If I were the owners, I would make sure there was someone "In charge" making sure things were being run well, in the kitchen as well as the ding room...never again.
I really should be giving this review a solid 2 1/2 stars, but I'll be nice because I liked the all around ambience. The bathrooms are meh. The food is edible, but way way way over priced for what you get. Not to mention that it was cold brought out to me. I went in at 12:30 a.m. And left at 3:00 a.m.
I truly enjoyed the outdoorsy ambiance here with the live band. It is a great place to hang out in the summer. I am not sure how the food is since I didn't get anything. I will have to go back and see for myself!
I ate here on sunday, the last weekend of summer. The three stars are only because the atmosphere is fun and nice and the seafood bisque was very good. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. The other staff were good too (hostess, bus boy). This is not a fancy place at all--- plastic cups. It is really overpriced, but since its LI and on the water i guess thats the norm.  The new england clam chowder was tasty w a good consistency. The fried clam strips are pretty good and a huge portion w fries. The baked clams app was ridiculously small and served poorly visiually, but they were damn good lil clams. I ordered the seafood bisque as a last minute change and it made the meal worth it. Fresh, thick and creamy w lots of good stuff in it and a nice size portion. I had never been to nautical mile before but it was a good choice for dinner after a last beach day of the summer. If i go back to the area i would eat at Braccos again, but only if the other places reviews are no better.
This is the way seafood should be eaten! I really like this place because of the location, its in the center of Nautical Mile in Freeport LI. Surrounded by other great restaurants and bars. This place is newly renovated after hurricane sandy and looks great! This is an outdoors type place tho, so check the weather before you go. Lots of outdoor seating, a bar, most of the time they have a DJ and a dance floor. Families go early, like before 6, this place is an adult playground on the weekends in the evenings. This is a beach CLUB on the weekends and has a cover late evening on Saturday. They have a large seafood menu, steamers, lobster, clams, and really good fish options like grilled salmon. Baked clams are cooked to perfection! Fish n chips is also another great option, batter is crispy golden goodness! There fresh Nantucket oysters are a must try! If your not having dinner, there's have plenty of starters to munch on. Lightly fried crab cakes are always a good choice here! Corn on the cobb and French fries are great side options. I was completely satisfied with my order, food and drinks. Lots of fun drinks, like served in coconuts or fish bowls, and really good sangria. They also have lots of specials, every Tuesday its buy one get one free Lobster! $10 lobsters and $4 coronas during happy hour, can't beat that, especially when there lobster is fresh to death! Check out the new key west daybeds, really cool spot to hang and have a few drinks with your friends! The VIP cabanas are also cool. Every Thursday nite they have a beach clam bake......didn't I say this is the way seafood should be eaten?
This place TERRIBLE MUCHO TERRIBLE Every poor review you read is spot on. FOOD- is overpriced. Way overpriced.   Do not order crab cake appetizers. They are $13 small and overly fried.   The entrees are ok but for what you get they are way to expensive. $20 for a fish sandwich with fries? Come on. You are paying for the ambience only here. DRINKS - you get a twelve ounce plastic cup and pay for much more. We had margarita and in 4 sips you were done, and they charged 12 dollars. DO NOT EAT HERE AND AVOID THIS PLACE ALL TOGETHER IF CAN. It is just a bunch of Long Island Italians guys who own this place, think they are better than everyone else because they have Djs and palm trees. Don't be a sucker for braccos.
The service was very very disappointing. The food was absolutely horrible. Had crab cakes and the middle was actually still frozen and they tasted like they had been thawed out. The clams took over 45 minutes to come and they weren't any better than the ones I could steam at home for $7. The most important thing was how over priced everything was. The drinks were so not strong and they were tiny and they charged at least $12 per drink. Our bill was way too much. You're absolutely paying for the ambience here, but the next night we went to Tropix with the same ambience and the prices were a little less maybe same, but service was beyond excellent and food was phenomenal there. I'm telling you, do not come here.
expensive drinks.  fried seafood.  after getting trampled by the crowds trying to get a beer, try a bit of the expensive fried seafood.  and then remember why you won't go back to eat here again.
I've been coming here for the past 4 years... (Before Sandy) now it has become an overpriced place with good music. 8 dollars a corona and 50+ for a lobster it's way to much... This is Freeport not manhattan... Plus for the music and service... 1 star for the price on everything... I like the price but they should become aware of their location. I haven't paid 8 dollars a beer not even in the city.
Over the past summer I walked on the mile and stumbled on Bracco's Clam and Oyster Bar. My friend and I sat outside next to the water and enjoyed Crab legs, a crab cake sandwich and a DJ who played everything you want to sing along to. It was a really great Saturday, nice weather, good service and music. Apparently Bracco's turns into a outdoor club at night. I didn't stay for that but it seemed to be filling up quick when we were leaving so I would assume it was fun. Visit my blog simplypamarie.com/2013/0… for pictures and more details. Thanks!
Service was good. Friendly staff. Food was fresh and the variety suited a group of 8 people. BUT ** be warned... We had a bill of $258.  They added a gratuity rate of 18%, when we did the math they actually had listed the value $ of 21%. Meaning they were over charging but misinterpreting the value of the percentage for tip. I just reported them to the better business bureau. That is wrong and misleading!  Tssk tssk!!! I liked you until you misrepresented yourself
Completely overpriced: $11 for a 6oz plastic cup of kettle one, $20 for mediocre microwave chicken fingers($9 for sweet potato fries), and prepackaged kraft dip, $22 tuna nachos(aka tuna on a seaweed salad without nachos). But it was on the water, if that's any consolation. Needless to say, I'm not coming back.   Aside: We LOVE Big Shot and enjoyed the music thoroughly.
Great place to go dancing for an evening.  Good DJs.  Fun crowd.  Highly recommend it.
This review is for their bar scene and not their food since I have not eaten here. First of all, if you are going to charge a $10 cover charge (I hear this is only on Saturday nights), you better have something GOOD to offer. It is overcrowded, drinks are small and weak, and the dance floor is only good til 11, when town ordinance mandates music be turned down/off. The atmosphere would be nice if I wasn't squeezed next to people and also being grabbed out from every direction from overly drunk guys. There also happened to be a fight that started in a group next to ours and we cleared away as best/fast as we could and it still took security ages to get in under control. I don't plan on ever returning, especially with that ridiculous cover.
I went here last summer around July and there was an awesome outdoor DJ with a mixed crowd.  I went back this year for Memorial Day in the afternoon, and the ambiance was just different. The crowd seemed too ghetto.  There were meth heads looking for fights right next to the bouncers, and the bouncers did nothing about it.  It's cheaper getting into here on the days that they charge, as opposed to Tropix, which is just a few doors down the block.  My suggestion to the Nautical Mile, keep your "Jimmy Buffet" vibe and steer clear of any type of twerking music.  This way the crowd won't be so ratchet next summer.
This is the type of place where all the Long Island bros go out to play, clearly.  Oddly enough, seems like only the short Long Island bros hang out here.  I'm 5 feet tall, so for me to call these guys short, trust me, they were short.  Or they were 50 years old.  If you want to pick up a guy, don't come here. They tried to charge us $10 a person, and we were a group of 10 girls.  Are you serious bro?  After mentioning it is a bachelorette party, he charged us $40 for the group.  We should've gotten in for free, but I didn't wanna kill my vibe. Fishbowls - $36, way too sweet, not enough alcohol Food - surprisingly, their chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks were pretty delicious.  Did not like the oysters, mine was sandy. Service - Our waitress was friendly.  Bartenders were not. Music - All they played were popular EDM tunes (think, reload, this is what it feels like, that stupid new country avicii song, etc) ... so it is pretty specifically catering to the Long Island bros.  No one knew the music except all the bros ...and me.  Even though I thoroughly enjoyed raging to the music by myself, I wish my girlfriends knew what the hell they were listening to.  But hey, at least the DJ played clarity (5 times) and summertime sadness.   At 11pm, the place turns into a silent disco because of noise restrictions, which I was so STOKED for....until I found out you have to pay another $10 for headphones.  Are you serious bro? My one HUGE complaint about this place was their fog machine.  I'm not sure why it shoots out liquid, but whatever is in that formula is toxic.  I felt my skin burn and sting every time it came in contact with me.  And now, I have about 5 burn spots on my chest.  I'm not the only one, my other girlfriends got them too.  This is a pretty big deal, I hope management takes note of this.
I can only speak for the nightlife but will definitely update if I go back during the daytime. This place is right in the heart of the Nautical Mile in Freeport. Plenty of beach themed bars with age groups mostly consisting of 20's-30's. It's all outside so make sure to check the weather before you leave. If it rains, you're outta luck. Went with my cousins to Bracco's and there was no cover that night. Drinks were a bit more than I expected. A bottle of bud (they didn't have a huge selection) was $6. I liked how there was a canopy for the bar and plenty of seating to go around. There was a small dancefloor with a DJ playing good music. It was kinda dead that night so I'll have to come back when it's a bit more lively.
I really have had a lot of fun times here. I've come here for lunches and to party. I think I like the party scene a bit more than the food. Don't get me wrong the food is good but it's average when surrounded by all good food on the strip including braccos. It's a really fun place to come to during the summer when the weather is nice. Come by for some food/drink or to party, it's always a good time either way.
While walking around taking some photo's of the waterway, local color and scenery I had an urge for clams on the half shell. Seeing as how it was only 10:30 in the morning my options were limited. Spotted Bracco's and took a shot that they'd be serving this early. Lucky morning for me --I ordered a dozen and the boss gave me 13  Little Necks on the half shell. Really hit the spot --totally fresh and cold. I'll be visiting Bracco's again soon to do a bit more sampling .
I would give them a 0 if i could. First off, it cost 20 dollars to even walk in on a friday night. Ripoff. Drinks are over priced and not strong. Beers are 7 which is not terrible. What a ripoff waste of time
Also beware of splitting the bill with two credit cards! I was charged full price for the bill when I had a receipt showing I was initially charged half as was intended. I contacted the owners and got my money back. I was told they have a new system that has been messing up when people want to split the bill using two credit cards. So if you can use cash and avoid the hassle (as I had to trek back to the restaurant to get reimbursed) then do so.
Waterside drinking. I do not recommend this place for food unless you stick with the finger food such as fried calamari.   This place is first and foremost a meat market type gathering spot for drinking and hanging in the sunshine while listening to the reggae wannabe band. (Note - hey mon, wearing a tam does not make you sound any better) Aside from that, the place gets jammed up with partiers of all ages.  Drinks are overpriced but that is expected in a seasonal joint.  The bartenders seemed better this year than usual - or we were there early, take your pick.   Apparently we ended up in the local newspaper as well while there (Memorial day weekend) but that is another story... Parking on the street - good luck with that.
$50 credit minimum and can't leave tips on cards. WTF? If you want to eat, don't go here. The seafood market attached is good - just buy it and cook it home. The whole strip boasts about being seafood fresh and all - it's all a trap. A tourist trap. And a shitty one at that. Service sucked. Food sucked. Seafood chowder? More like corn chowder. So much spice in it so you don't taste the corn and potato chowder it really is. There was no seafood in it at all. Man what a dump.
I really had to debate whether or not to give this place 2 or 3 stars. It's really more like a 2.5, but I had to give them a 2. Every time I've been here I never really got that excited feeling to be on my way, it was more like I was just going because it was a decent outdoor spot for a hot summer night. I don't like the fact that there is a cover. It's $10 or so, and I believe it's only on Saturday nights. For what? I'm not quite to sure. Maybe it's to be able to pay the "go-go" dancers that stand on the wooden base of the palm trees an shake their 10 year old looking body's in a tacky looking bathing suit, or maybe the cover pays for the dry ice bits that they shoot out onto the dance floor that burns my skin when it hits. Again I'm not sure what that cover goes to but it's not much of a good time at bracco's. The music is solid, I will say that. It's a good mix and people are dancing, but for some reason I just don't feel like dancing when i go here. I'm not sure if it's the crowd that attends or what, it's just not a fun place for me. It seems like there are a lot of sour pusses who hang out here. I will give credit where credit is due becausr they do  always have seating available which is great if you just want to hang put with a drink (which is what a normally wind up doing since I don't feel like dancing),  and the sand pit area is a cute place with lounge kind of chairs and a fire pit. Next, the drinks are horrendous. What a mess in a cup! The two drinks I had were strong BUT they tasted so bad. I ha one of their own drinks which was the drink that is featured on Saturday night (I think it's called hurricane or something). All the ingredients were quite normal, but dam it tasted like anise. If you don't know why that is its like a very strong black licorice taste (samba has this taste). I HATE that taste, and all night was trying to figure out what is was after numerous attempts of asking the bartender got me no where.   As I said I kept coming back here because out of all the spots on the nautical mile this one had the best music, and a crowd that looked to be around my age or so... that is until I discovered Tropix up the block which is easy to miss considering I would never go past Bracco's. Now that I found an even better outdoor spot I'm sure I wouldn't return to Bracco's.
Waterside dining is good.  Atmosphere is ok.  Food is ver expensive for something thats not good.  Service sucks. If you are in the mood to party and have expensive drinks come here.  If you want good seafood don't come here.
Wow. I really didn't expect this place to be as miserable as it was. Gorgeous sunny day, 2 friends and some beers. Sure, it was windy but hey- it is on the water. Beer- $6.00. Ok, I can handle that. Overcooked Salmon sandwich- $18.00. No, you read that right. $18.00. I know nautical mile is overpriced but COME ON! I thought, ok, I'm hungry and the seafood is probably good here! Negative. Go elsewhere with better food, same prices and view and less slimy individuals. Yikes.
Like the previous reviewer said...this place relies on it's prime location or has the best location on the Nautical mile. It's on the water, folks.  It's overlooking the canal! I went there expecting fresh seafood and definitely got it. They have lobsters, clams and oysters in abundance. The place is hopping! The reggae band jamming! The feel is so casual you can walk right in wearing your bathing suit if you feel inclined to do so, don't think anyone would stop you. I would come back. The bathrooms are indeed a disaster. They need to clean the restrooms up or remodel those restrooms a bit.
Place is a tourist trap! Food is mediocre and expensive! First time at nautical mile and would never go back.. All the restaurants are overpriced for crappy food we went to 6 restaurants before going back here cause we were starving.. Which should've made the food better right? NO.. It didn't. The service here made the whole experience worst! First, waitress lied 3 times - no sprite, then no ginger ale (but the other customer next me ordered it and got it!) then she tells us we had to pay in the counter while walking out the place we see the same waitress picking up the check and going to the register. Needless to say I told her what I thought in my Brooklyn way (can't type it here). You want bad food for 5 star prices than go here. I wouldn't bother going to nautical mile ever again. It's a cheap version of the jersey shore with no nice views!
Haven't been to the Nautical Mile in over three years, so we decided to check out the scene again.  I don't remember the name "Bracco's Clam and Oyster Bar" from my last visit, but I know I have been there before.   We walked the Mile and arrived at Bracco's around 9:45PM.  It was a nice Saturday evening, and this joint  in particular was hoppin!   No cover which I was happy about and they had music and a nice outdoor seating area.  I got a bottle of beer ($6 bucks) and my friends got  vodka OJ's, which were served in TINY 12oz plastic cups, loaded with ice, a drop of vodka for a whopping $8.50.  I guess it has been a while, but that seemed pricy!  It wasn't even great vodka. We were able to sit at a table, (even though the restaurant was still open.)  That is a big plus in my book.  We were able to relax, enjoy the sea breeze and beach-like atmosphere.  The waitstaff seemed great.  They were flitting back and forth from their customers to the kitchen like pros.  I'd like to think everyone who did order food, were pleased with the customer service, at least from what I saw. My friends and I were enjoying some conversation when all of a sudden, I felt like I was transported to my couch, watching a bar scene of The Jersey Shore.  A lot of LI bars tend to have a few Jersey Shore-like-ites, but this was just ridiculous.  When the DJ (Scissorhandz,) started playing house music, the sunglasses, wife beaters, popped collars all came from the woodwork to the dance floor.  People were dancing and strutting, spinning shirts above their heads like a helicopter.   I actually thought one of the guys was Ronnie.  At one point,  I turned around and saw two chicks dancing in black bodysuits, one on the roof, one on a speaker or something... It was CA-RAZY!  And hilarious to watch.  BUT who am I to judge.  I am sure I have been there a time or twelve.   It was actually humbling to see these 20-year-olds having a grand old time. At 11 o'clock on the button, the music stopped, and the dance crew dispersed to their boat docked below.  The staff began taking down the speakers, lights and equipment.  I didn't remember the music ordinance in Freeport the last time I visited the Mile.  Without the entertainment, it was time for us to make our way out.   We needed to visit the restroom but wait...where IS the restroom?  You actually have to leave the bar area, go outside into another area where the bathroom rests.  The line for the ladies room was crazy of course and Chief Sunglasses and leather coat, barked orders at us like children.  "Ladies to the left.  Those who have flats, can use the two bathrooms upstairs. NO HEELS UPSTAIRS!"  Really?!  I made a snide comment to my friend, and then some tool bag behind me quipped "Uh, that guy is the owner."  Thanks buddy! All and all, the night was a good time.  I would come back, maybe try the food next time. But ladies, Chief Sunglasses also informed us while waiting for the restroom, "don't check our hair and makeup in the mirrors," so if you wanna do that, go to another bar!
Mister suggested a drive out to Freeport on July 4th, since it was a beautiful day- we could have a nice lunch and drinks on the water.  How could I refuse him? Mister remembered Margo & Frank's from back in the day, so we set out for that restaurant.  Driving down Woodcleft Avenue, we noticed few restaurants were busy, most were almost empty- porque?  We found Margo & Frank's closed and being used for storage by Opus, the casino nearby.  Ok, next- where to eat and imbibe? I checked Yelp and decided Bracco's looked best, so we stopped there and nabbed a table on the water, in the shade.  I opted for a Pineapple Daiquiri while Mister went for a Corona and we shared a Cold Captain's Salad (Oysters, Shrimp and Clams) and a Shrimp Cocktail.  Oh, and those Waffles fries?  Ya, we ordered those and they were GOOD.  Everything was good, though they did serve everything on plastic- yick.  I did ask that my 2nd Daiquiri be made w/alcohol, since the 1st one tasted like a virgin drink. $79 later...we were surprised by the bill! How could 4 drinks and 2 entrees + fries total that?  Sheesh.  Our waitress, as nice as she was, thanked us for our cash tip and told us we could pay our bill at the register- this while the other waitresses around us processed their clients payments themselves.  I should've asked the owner about this when we left.
We dock here for the outdoor seating and to grab drinks, and occasionally, a quick bite to eat.  Yesterday was no different.  What I love about Bracco's is that they always have music playing, you can sit outside and catch the most relaxing sea breezes, and the waitresses and bartenders are hotties.   I ordered the Tuna Nachos and they were really good.  The tuna is served sashimi style with some crispy wontons and a very tasty sesame oil/sauce.  The tuna they served me was very well picked and of very good quality.  At first I felt that the price tag of the dish was a bit too pricey at $21, but it is truly enough for 3 to share, so that's not bad at all.   I also ordered the seafood bisque which was priced at $6.95 and although it was kind of tasty, I wish it had a little more seafood meat in it.  The portion was filling and my only other gripe was that it had corn in it, which I'm not such a big fan of.   Drinks:  We ordered the Saturday and a Sunday [names of drinks].  It seems like these drinks have no real purpose other than just getting you drunk, which isn't a problem but if they're going to be "specialty" drinks, then they should be somewhat tasty, no?  These drinks were horrendous on the taste buds and if it weren't for the $15 a piece price tag I think we would have left them right there on the table for the birds to suck on.   Overall Bracco's has a fun time vibe and that it can be.  Bring some rowdy friends, grab a spot at the bar, and waste your day away imbibing, flirting, catching some rays, and simply relaxing.
This was literally one of the most expensive places I've ever eaten and drank.  They don't have their drink prices on the menu for the "souvenir cup" drinks.  They are $16.  The food is incredibly expensive.  Crab cake appetizer, $13, and you get two teeny tiny cakes.  Fish tacos are $20 and you get two tacos and a handful of fries.  When the bill came, we were literally blown away, as it was more expensive than I've paid for a night out in Manhattan.  Nothing special about this place, just super overpriced.
Ok so I met up with friends here the other day cause it was gorgeous out.  We picked Bracco's because of the atmosphere.  It was happy hour on an Thursday, and drinks were half priced for ladies until 8. Yay! There was a live DJ playing and people were dancing.  It was fun to watch.  I ordered fish tacos and though they were not the greatest they weren't so bad. At $20 a pop the tacos were on the high side but it was filling. This place is a fun atmosphere that is great for drinks and maybe some apps.  I will say it's not the best place for food; the prices are high and the food is mediocre.  Go here for the party atmosphere.
I don't know where to begin- my boyfriend, my son and I came here for a nice Sunday afternoon lunch on the water and I regret everything about it.  My boyfriends teeny tiny cup of beer was $7 and my terribly horrible piña colada was $12- it tasted just like my son's $9 virgin drink! The food was nothing special at all- we had some steamed shrimp with frozen cocktail sauce, clam strips with no sauce, fried soft shell crab and a $23 lobster roll that couldn't even be compared to the lobster roll at Panera for heaven's sake. I don't mind paying a little extra for awesome food but there is nothing awesome about this place. Definitely would never recommend this place- not for the drinks or food anyway :)
I have tried this place several times but it has always disappointed. I just went last Sunday for quick appetizers and was meeting à friend that is in a wheelchair and has limited options on the mile.  The drinks are in a small plastic with a lot of ice.  I ordered coconut shrimp for $14.99.  This consisted of a total of 4 shrimps!!! Overpriced and ridiculous.  Tons of more options on the mile... go there!
Bracco's is a great place to have a few drinks and their food isn't that bad either.   The scene at Bracco's is definitely one to focus on the bar first before the food.  The food is a mixed bag but is kind of expensive. My wife and I ate there recently.  We ordered the raw little neck clams and the Lobster bake for 2.  The clams were terrible and we didn't even finish them.  They looked big for little necks and were fishy tasting with bits of sand in them.   The Lobster bake was great.  It was fresh and cooked well.  It was a little expensive but was definitely more food than we could finish.   The service was a bit slow.  We had a hard time finding our waitress when we wanted another round of drinks.  We also couldn't find her when we wanted to pay our bill which was frustrating.  We also asked to substitute sweet potato fries for waffle fries.  We were charged for both on our bill, I wanted to dispute the charge but I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes for our waitress to make it back to us.   I would go back to Bracco's and see if the poor service persisted.  The food and view are worth it, even if it is a little pricey.
I can see why a lot of people wrote bad reviews. If you go here expecting to get excellent seafood and high-end service, you'll be disappointed. If you take it for what it is, a fun spot with live music and an outdoor bar and eating area right on the water, you'll have a fun time. It's all about the scenery and atmosphere here. The food is decent, but overpriced, as are the drinks. Boaters love this place because you can dock and dine to start your Nautical Mile experience, or just stay there till the end.
I was there with friends this past sunday afternoon. It was sunny so sitting outdoors was awesome, we got a table for 9 without any problems. The service was friendly and attentive and the food was great. We started off with the seafood bisque and then had some mussels and steamers, everyone loved the steamers. There was plenty of fried food in the north eastern platter to share.... and everything was tasty and fresh.. fried to golden brown... crispy and not too oily. Onion rings were also excellent... we left satisfied For more reviews visit my blog.
OK, Drink of the day on the menu with NO price??? I order it and it comes back a watered down BOTTOM shelf drink in a 20oz candle holder. $15??? FU!!! Then a Grilled Chicken sandwich with crappy fries are $14??? I understand its a nice location but PLEASE!!!
I love coming here to take in the view and babe watch. You sit at picnic benches under an umbrella watching boats put on a show as how NOT to dock a boat. In the warmer months there is music with live groups and a generally nice crowd of people taking in the sun. The food is nothing to write home about but more than acceptable when you balance in the "scene". I always get steamers or mussels and either lobster or possibly sword fish and usually not disappointed. The wait staff usually attentive and dressed in Hooter's type outfits. Bathrooms are in the fish market area next door and not anything to brag about. Fairly extensive menu and prices are what you would expect. If you want better food or cheaper prices, there are other choices down the street.
OMG.  We came from Manhattan for a day away from the madness, and halfway through our day we were confronted with this cesspool of douchbaggery.  We felt SO out of place with the DJ and the scantily clad servers and the fist pumping, and paying $12 for a drink in a tiny town in LI just felt like a joke.  Laser lights flashing, middleaged women shaking it to the beat, beefy bouncers... We felt like we were in an episode of Jerz Shore.
A typical waterfront bar in Freeport's Nautical Mile. You can grab some drinks with finger food and get your necessary dosage of top 40 hits and american classics.
This is a cool outdoor hangout for a cool strip.  While Woodcleft Ave has a treasure trove of sports bars and restaurants to choose from, I was drawn to this location because we were acknowledged and greeted by the cute hostesses at the front desk as my girlfriend and I walked by. The bar food is very good albeit semi-pricey.  As someone who frequently wines and dines in Manhattan, I was somewhat surprised to see the Manhattan prices in Nassau County. Seeing the speed boats and fishing boats pass by is weird eye candy (you'll find yourself saying "What's that person have that I don't?").  If you're a sports person, you'll like that the outdoor bar has plenty of TV's. I only wish our waiter (her name rhymes with 'Sharia') simply gave us service with a nod or smile.  Even though the joint was not to capacity by any means, she simply was a robot (e.g., no eye contact, quickly placing orders on the table when it arrived, talking to us over-the-shoulder while walking away).  It was the polar opposite of the warm greeting we initially received from the front girls who attracted us in the first place. Caveat: ensure you have decent cash on hand.  Bracco's, for whatever reason, doesn't allow you to tip when you're paying with credit or debit cards.  Without cash, you'll find yourself at their ATM paying additional fees to tip your waiter.  It's a little off-putting because it seems like Bracco's is double-dipping and squeezing a few more bucks out of unsuspecting patrons. Overall, I would return.
Bracco met us at the door or at least that's who he said he was, I mentioned a well known  restaurant  in Montauk,  which he proceeded to knot .  Guess he never ate the food his restaurant serves.  You don't go here for food, it was horrible , cold fish, burger could be used as a hockey puck, Blue moon without the orange, all at exorbitant prices. All severed on plastic plates, cups, and forks,etc.  I' ve tried several restaurants on the mile, only two measure up somewhat (Rachel's and Nautilus) What's so hard  about serving the public fresh fish, at reasonable prices. Guys the ocean is at your back door.
I'm going to break this review down between service and food. After walking out of Hurricane Harry's for their lack of accommodation for kids, we had cranky toddlers who needed to eat lunch ASAP. The staff offered us high chairs and told us they had kid-appropriate food on the menu. This is a dockside bar and grill but at least had iced tea and lemonade available.  The waitress asked if we wanted the kids' lemonade watered down, and we did.  It was a nice sign that this place had actually served kids before.  They brought the kids drinks in covered cups with straws. They also brought their food out ahead of ours so they didn't have to wait long. Ten points to Gryffindor!  The place was busy and you could see the wait staff was spread a little thin. Our waitress didn't write our order down, and had to come back so I could remind her.  Service was slow, even getting my debit card back after I paid took forever. The menu offered all of the choices you'd expect from a dockside restaurant.  Raw bar, fried clams, oysters, grilled fish entrees, fish and chips.  I had an appetizer of 6 littleneck clams on the half shell for $7.99, which is high considering I can get a dozen for $8.99 at our local place.  I had a grilled yellowtail tuna cooked rare and lightly seasoned. It was served with corn on the cob and rice pilaf.  The fish was good, however the rice tasted like one of those boxed sides you get at the supermarket. I would've liked to have had a different vegetable instead of corn. Especially for $27.99, which was insanely overpriced considering the size and quality of the entree.  My wife had a garden salad with breaded shrimp. She said it was good, but again it was $21.99 and had five shrimp in it. The quality of food did not match the ridiculous prices, but you're a captive audience on the Nautical Mile.  You're paying for a view that isn't that impressive.  We would've done better at a local seafood restaurant (we live on an island, after all), but I guess we have to pay a premium to eat on the waterfront in Freeport.
As you all know the music must be turned down by 11pm, which really puts a damper on your night because usually that's when the party is starting. However, last night they introduced quiet clubbing which has been tested in different parts of the country and different scenarios. I saw an article in NY dailynews about a month ago about the new sensation. Anyways, at around 11pm they started handing out headphones that was still playing the music the dj had going. It is by far the best concept out there. At first you think it's silly watching ppl dance and sing without any music. The atmosphere was fun and it extended your stay! I hope they keep doing this and may the other places on the strip incorporate it My only concern is the sanitary aspect, since your ears get a little sweaty.....
Here's my Bracco's experience:  sit down, wait for service.  One of the 'waitresses', and I use that term very loosely, asks if we would like a menu.  Of course we do and she disappears into oblivion to never be seen again.  After being walked by at least six different waitresses a countless number of times, we stop one and ask her for menus.  No menus come after five minutes, so we eagerly depart.  What really bugged me is that other people were getting promptly seated and waited on AFTER we had been waiting.  But that's cool, as it looked like D-Bag central anyhow.
first and foremost, this is my first review ever, and it should be known that I too, work in the restaurant industry. not to mention a friend of ours is actually a server at bracco's as well, but she happened to be off that day... I've been to Bracco's before, but this time was just ridiculous. Five of us were there this past Sunday for a friend's birthday, who happens to eat there quite often. It was not particularly busy.  I think our servers name was Jaime.  Nice girl, terrible server.  Our food came out before our very complicated drink order of CORONAS reached the table. After eating and drinking for about 5 hours, we finally asked for our bill. The total was $370, and we were splitting it 4 ways because we were treating the birthday girl.  That comes out to $93 a person.  $200 was put into the check book, and the remaining balance was to be split amongst 2 credit cards.  Not a difficult request!  Our server finally came back to take our payment, if she had any common sense at all she would have counted the money in the check book before passing it along to whoever was in charge of ringing up the bill. After some time she returned w our cards so we could sign and be on our way.  Shocking, the cash was taken and the ENTIRE bill was split btw the two cards.  I was more than patient, realizing it could have been an honest mistake, I myself have made while working.  We pulled out server aside, addressed the problem and right away all she had to say was " its not my fault, i didn't ring it up... i dont even know how much money was in there.."  how shocking.  she said she would take care of, about TEN MINUTES later she returned with the "correct" credit card slips, that were still over charged.  all patience was lost at this point.  our group walked up the hostess and asked to speak to whoever was in charge.  we explained the problem, and instead of asking if perhaps the servers or person in charge of ringing up the cards made the mistake, she pointed the finger at us! one of the bosses happened to be close by, and recognized the bday girl, who often spends money there. im not sure what was said exactly, but he told the hostess who was dealing with us fix the issue knowing that we were loyal customers.  she began to tell us " i hope youre being honest about the money, we are taking your word on it"  this annoyed me even more, i told her  she didnt have to take my word, and she should count her draw, and would instantly see it was over the amount it should have been.  she looked at me like i was crazy.  instead of "adjusting"  the slips, they gave us cash back, which was a total of $84, because each card as over charged $42. once we were given the cash back, i asked if the previous WRONG charge of $189 was either voided/adjusted.  she assured me we would not be charged twice.  the next day, of course both charges came up on the statements of the two cardholders.  when we called the restaurant we kept getting the run around.  no one could answer our questions or direct us to someone who could.  when we finally did get in touch w someone they accused us of lying, and how we were given all of he money back in cash!  BULL SHIT the staff is borderline retarded, and they treat their customers like shit.  if i had more time to peruse this problem i'd call the bureau of better business and report them for scam and theft. why in god's name would i ever wanna go back there with an open wallet, and willingly give them my business and money. thank god this place isnt open all year. run for the hills, burger king treats their customers better than they do!
I went to Braccos two weeks ago and gave my license as collateral for a table.. It was packed and when I was handed back my license I didn't think to check having trusted the hostesses who are extremely ill trained. Wrong decision.. I hadn't taken out my license since then until I realized they handed me back another woman's license. To make matters worse, the restaurant had my license in their cash register and never mailed it out. When I spoke to the manager he was very rude making excuses for his staff and offered nothing to compensate for the frustration and time wasted. Even though he claims every Sunday he mails out the licenses that are left behind.. Someone isn't doing their job since two Sundays have passed.. Do not waste your time with this place.. You pay a ton of money for coverage and food only for them to tell you that you are the reason something went wrong! Horrible! They suck!!!! If you want to walk out with someone else's license this is the place to go if it's busy! The negative comments are spot on! Don't waste your time.. Plenty of other places around to go to! Braccos is one headache and they do not even do anything for their mistakes! I am never going back here again! If I could give zero stars I would!
i don't know what happened to this place. let me get food out of the way... i'll say this much... last time i ate here, my friend ended up yacking mid meal over the side of the dock. enough said. and a typical saturday night? the fist pumpers have invaded. and there is hardly any standing space. i don't know, maybe might be for some people. but not for me. whatever you do, don't eat here though. unless you're getting like... french fries.
Always loved this place.,but the Honeymoon is over. $5 "upcharge" for sweet potato fries on an order called  fish and "chips". Wrong , especially when you are told you can "sub" , with sweet potato fries or baked.  Total $15 overcharge - horrible loud amateur acoustic cowboy music- not the live reggae I loved last summer. I`m done.
Horrible service, bad drinks and food.   Witnessed a waitress take a fry off of a plate to waiting to be served....to my table, and eat it. Won't be returning, ever
I never give a bad review bc I believe every business has a bad day. HOWEVER, we got food poisoning!  When it comes down to seafood, it has to be prepared properly and fresh.The food are overpriced and slow service. My fiance and I are so sick. We ordered the lobster roll, steam fish and raw bar.
this place is right in the middle.  the atmospher is pretty good during the day, they usually have a guy playing music (good mix, zep, hendrix, billy joel, and newer music). obviously, its right on the water, so the view is decent.  the problem with this place is the food is just mediocre.  there are better places on the mile to get food.  bracco's is cheaper though, for obvious reasons. ive had the fish and chips, seafood bisque, steamers, and a few other things.  outside of the steamers, which you can't really screw up, nothing is better then average. the big plus to this place though is if you go at nite for drinks, the bar is always decently busy, and being outside on a nice nite with a breeze, is fun.
Had the fried calamari , was cold and soggy , the marinara sauce was tomato sauce poured from a can not even cooked !!
Food was sub par...Great spot to grab a drink other than that I would probably try another restaurant on the strip. Service took forever if you sit inside and the marinara sauce was old and cold.
Where do I start on this review hmm let's just say I had an interesting night . I had many firsts here and that isn't necessarily a good thing. I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. We decided to order some appetizers and drinks. The food menu was very overpriced but really you are paying for the location. The food was relatively edible, and the drinks were okay. The beach theme setting and seating made this place decent. Here's where it goes downhill. After we finished eating, the  DJ announces " Quiet Music will be in three minutes". My friends and I were confused on what that meant, so we asked our waiter. She told us that the music is turned off at 11pm but, that we could get headphones, and listen to all the music the DJ would be playing.  We decided to go pick up our headphones and were told they were 10 dollars each. So, they turn the music off and then we have to pay for headphones to listen to music really!!! It  wouldn't have so bad if we hadn't paid a fortune for mediocre food along with a cover to get in. Not to mention that it was kind of weird to see people with their huge headphones on the overcrowded small dance floor. I opted not get the headphones because I'm almost certain they are not properly cleaned. Just when I thought the night could not get any worse....I was very wrong. When the quiet music started my friends and I returned to our table and we did not like what we saw. Apparently one of the guys that work there was hitting on one of my friends and stayed at our table for at least 15 minutes. It would have not bothered me much if the staff was standing and talking to her instead of sitting in our seats. My friend and I sat really close to each other uncomfortably in the small space we had, and my friend's husband had to stand. We did not want to be rude, so we didn't tell him to move. But I was truly amazed on how their staff was able to do that and get away with it. When he finally left, he would return every now and then and say odd comments.It was very awkward to say the least. Nautical Mile is a nice area to visit, but Braccos not so much. Our waiter was very nice, but I later found out that not so much to my friend. In conclusion, I advise that you go elsewhere and spend your hard earned money where it counts.
For some reason I've been here like 2 times in a month's span...despite it not being that great of a spot...at all. My first time was a few years ago with my aunt and cousin and I remembered i wasn't a fan b/c they had a $50 minimum on cards and they had the first ATM I saw with a $4 charge. I was young at the time and it just seemed way too expensive for a place that wasn't that nice or special. I also went with a friend. We were really drunk so we didn't hate it, but we never returned again together. Anyway, recently I came again with aunt and cousin after a pretty bad dinner at Hudson's. At first they took card then after our first round they said they were cash only.Not a fan of the inconsistency. My cousin was convinced that one of the bartenders was a complete bitch to her then later on we realized she was drunk off her ass. She completely forgot who had ordered a fishbowl from her. Later on my aunt who was a little tipsy wanted french fries. They weren't taking food orders at the bar and we did not want to sit at a table. Nobody would serve food to us so we asked some ladies who were seated at a table with us to order the food and we'd give them the cash. Plan worked out. Again I came with some family members on 4th of July weekend. We made sure to get there before they started charging. There is absolutely no reason anybody should pay to go here. A friend ordered fried shrimp and fries and it came to $20. I'm not even surprised. Place thinks it's way better than it is. I made friends with the bartenders my previous time there so I didn't spend an arm and a leg and I made sure to bring cash. Overall, don't come here, I most likely won't be back unless I'm with a good group of people. The outside atmosphere by the water is good, but the service and basically every other part of the place sucks. I give it 1.5 stars.
I am still pissed with my friend who's been living in Freeport for over 15 years and never took me to the Nautical mile area. Its a beautiful strip of restaurants and small shops with a park nearby to sit back and relax. I will defintely check out some other restaurants next summer. I am not a seafood eater so I wanted a nice place to chill by the water since it was a beautiful summer day. My friend, her daughter and myself decided on Bracco's and enjoyed our meal outdoors by the water. It was a beautiful breeze and we happened to be there during a parade that looked like it was celebrating our armed forces. The staff at Braccos was cool and the place was packed for a Saturday afternoon. I had mini cheeseburger sliders with some fries that a restaurant shouldnt mess up and they didnt. My friends ordered some seafood that they enjoyed but they were complaining about the prices saying they were expensive. All three of us shared the fishbowl drink that was filled with ice. I had a little and it was okay. My friends were pissed that the ice watered down the little alcohol that was in it. I would defintely check out this spot again during the summer and just chill for a few hours enjoying the beautful weather and surroundings.
I didnt eat here but i did drink and the drinks were strong,but expensive.I dont know what i expect a beer to cost or a mixed drink but at least it was made properly. The music on a friday nite was kinda wack.Started of 70's ish maybe i was with the early bird crowd.I thought landshark was better last year but this time it looked like they were closed
When it's a gorgeous Sat afternoon, heading over to Bracco's is a lot fun! I love having a drink, sitting outside and enjoying oysters! There's a fun vibe and there's plenty to see between the boats docking, and just doing a lot of people watching! I enjoyed the Jamaican band as well!
They have a great outdoor seating area that we often go to for lunch. There are a lot of tables set up with a water view so you usually can get a seat without waiting too long. At times, this place can get very crowded, but that is the way of the Nautical Mile. All different types of people eat here (all ages, walks of life). Menu is simple and food is decent. We will be back.
The food at this place is overpriced and the service sucked! I don't recommend coming here.
Hey ok second trip to the Nautical Mile, this one was better then last! But still the same issues arose! You see when you go to these type of places DO NOT expect fine dining! Your served your liquor or drink of choice in a plastic cup and over charged highly! The ambiance and outdoors is basically what you pay for! The menu offers a decent selection of seafood and finger foods... This place seems to serve fresh seafood cuz the portions coming out looked very fresh ... Burgers and sandwiches completely overpriced $$$$ as well as Some seafood dishes ...  The size portions I received for my meal was not equal to the price charged .. $18.00 for a grill chicken sandwich on a small club roll with a little amount of French fries is not worth that... ESP where I've eaten at places that give you LARGER portions for way less, say around 12-13$  there were a couple other things nice here... One the females that serve you are quite attractive, our server Dee was great! Very friendly sat down talked to us ... All in all top line server! Who prb deserves more then she's getting there! From what I hear the night life there is good! I can officially say I will not attend that.. Something about a bunch of Long Island meat heads banging off each others  chests screaming gimme one more to the bar tender doesn't work well for me!
Went on a Saturday afternoon with 3 friends, ordered drinks, and the fried seafood sampler platter (calamari was really good, crabcakes were unique).  The outdoor picnic table setup on the water with jimmy buffet blasting was decent, but you're paying for it in overpriced drinks and food.
Great food and friendly service makes for a great dinner
Over priced seafood on paper plates. If you are going to serve mediocre seafood at ridiculous prices at least serve it with silverware. Drinks are $10 plus Ina 6 oz solo cup. Don't bother.
Extremely overpriced. Nice locale, but that's about it. Dirty outdoor wood tables and benches, plastic plates and cups & ridiculous prices for barely edible food and watered down drinks. I had a crabcake sandwich & a margarita neither was good. I would not reccommend this place to anyone. Although you would get a kick out of the "Goumbas" that hang out outside! If not for the waterfront location, this place would be out of business a long time ago. Location, location, location!
I usually don't do this, But I was so dissapointed, people should know.  I had the fish tacos.  No flavor, no sauce, two small fried pices of fish in each taco.  I wasn't even sure it was Grouper.  Simply horrible.  My mother got the Calamri and Shrimp Salad.  The calamari was plentiful.  Shrimp almost non existent and again absolutely no flavor.  They gave her cocktail sauce to eat it with.  Who does that  ???  We also had one Diet coke.  The price for this lunch...$42 without tip.  The service was fine And the music and water location gives it the star.  Beware.  Plenty of restaurants on the street.  Stay clear
haven't been back there in a while so my fiance and i and some friends went to check it out since it was a nice night and  we were in the area. and now i realized why its been so long since i've been there. # 1, you have the owners in front lobbying for customers like used car sales men which is tacky. # 2 the service and the food sucked. #3 the prices are a lil on the high side for the quality of the place. i thought maybe it would be different since i couldn't remember how it tasted the last time i was here. i really thought i was 21 at the shore again. that whole scene is just tired and ridiculous. i ordered  fried calamari which everyone said tasted like something you'd get from some dive dinner serving something from restaurant depot, andmy friend ordered the crabs , which was the only thing that tasted ehh at best. the drinks were in very small plastic cups, i wasn't surprised since a place like this is a target for high "testosterone" (no pun intended) & drunken toughness, so plastic is much safer then glass. drinks were very weak, asked the bartender to make every drink we had stronger,...... we're no heavyweights. btw, even though we tipped very well, she looked at us as if the liquor was coming out of her pocket. that made me laugh. bottom line is if your looking for good seafood served before you finish 3 rounds, deff go somewhere else. the place is trying to hard to blend miami and the jersey shore. but i guess when your drunk it doesn't matter anyway. & oh yea, the dude with the leather jacket and shades at like 11 pm and his wide eyed partner with the sideways jaw..... i can imagine how they stay up all night, but i digress. do yourself a favor and avoid this dump if you want a good experience.         P.S... don't use the ATM's unless you don't mind a surcharge of $4..... yea, i made that mistake after i found out you can't leave a tip on your card when having dinner.
Best bearded clam on mile, plenty of good seafood
the calamari i had was really good  but when  its crowded its really crowded .
I really wanted to like this place... The fish store next door is wonderful. It was a hot day and we were hungry. My husband ate steamers about a year prior to our visit and enjoyed them. However, I read the reviews and should have listened to them. First let me start by saying it was a Wednesday afternoon around 3:30. It was a nice day and not crowded. The server was friendly and prompt. We ordered 2 beers, crab cakes and cold shrimp. What we were thinking? I was not in the mood for super deep fried food. The crab cakes were mush that were probably heated in the microwave. They were lukewarm. The shrimp were probably taken out the freezer a bit earlier. They were waterlogged and had some spice sprinkled on them. At least the shrimp were not fattening. Thank goodness for the cocktail sauce. I have to say the beer was delicious and the singer who was there was quite entertaining. We paid $50.00 including tax and tip. I will not go back there to eat, but will shop in their fish store.
Negative zero star would still be to good to rate Braccos Clam & Oyster. By all appearances it looks like a place you would want to try.. Don't let the drive-by appearance fool you.. KEEP DRIVING.. This place is dirty dirty dirty. Very sad that the bathroom is cleaner then the restaurant you eat in. I could only  imagine what the kitchen looks like..  Even the menus are old and dirty.. Lets talk about the food. Less then mediocre food at fine dining prices.. We ordered baked clams. I asked the server if they were hole or chopped. She said chopped... Guess what they were hole, when I told the server that, she was like oh thought you ment clams on a half shell.. I never asked about clams on a half shell nor did I order them... I also ordered coconut shrimp with a mango sauce. The shrimp were full of oil and the sauce was orange marmalade out of a jar.. For the main meal we ordered grilled salmon it came with corn and rice. We asked what kind of rice, the server said brown and we asked if we could have a veggie instead of corn. She said ok. When that dish came the salmon was so burnt you could use it for a hockey puck, corn was on the dish, the corn we said we didnt want and some F'ed up burnt wild rice... SENT that back and ordered the grilled chicken. The server said that is very dry and everyone who orders it sends it back.. WTF how hard is it to make GRILLED salmon or chicken. Any jackass with a BBQ could do it... (NOTE: our server took the plate we sent back and ate it at a table no one was sitting at)...  After all this I thought for sure a manager would come over.. Silly me, think again no manager on duty... THIS PLACE IS A JOKE... Yes the prices on the Nautical Mile are high but BRACCOS are u kidding me. I wouldn't mind paying if the food was good.. Your food is shit.... I wouldn't serve it to my dog... If your big night out is BRACCOS stay home and BBQ it would be 150% better...
went here this past Saturday, and will not go back.  started with 2 beers, tap was broken so there was a limited selection.  we asked the server for a few minutes to look over the menu.  two minutes was 15.  We finally placed an order for calamari and sweet potato fries.  after 30 minutes passed and still no waitress, she never came back to ask if we wanted more drinks, we got up asked for the check and left.  30 minutes for french fries???  like others said,  no tips on credit card, needless to say,  we left no tip.  we went to the new place BamBoo, which is GREAT!
Went to grab some lunch with my chick and we picked this place. Been here many times before, just never sat down and tried their food. Maybe I shouldn't have? We asked for a seat and we were walked to our table - three docks over. A small hike but we were given great seats at the end of the pier right on the canal. Great spot. However, things quickly went south. The reggae band ended their set and the house music came on. Luckily for us (sarcasm intended), we were sitting by a speaker (literally next to the table) that was cranked up to 11. So we spent the remainder of our meal basically screaming at each other. Nice touch. Menu is insane, as in management should be committed to a mental health facility for charging such high prices. The place is charging 30 bucks for each fish entree! I hope this place realizes that they are like 2 steps away from being a dive bar - you just cant charge that much...in Freeport! Anyway, I ordered the mini crab cakes as an app. I can't tell you how the crab cakes were because they were never brought to us! Our waitress brought out our entrees not realizing that we were never served out appetizers. She apologized and offered to return the entree to the kitchen. I politely declined and took my chicken sandwich. Its a chicken sandwich. Not much to say, although the roll didnt seem terribly fresh. Initially I wanted sweet potato fries but there was like a $5 dollar surcharge. Really? No thanks. I wanted to give this place a one star rating for failing miserably, clearly overcharging for crappy food and having one of the worst run logistical restaurants ever made. (Turns out that the credit card machine is located in a small room next to the main bar area which doubles as the restroom/place to buy take out food - cause that makes sense and is really appetizing). So if you go and get a great seat two or three piers from the main house, be prepared to wait while your server hikes back and forth. But I gave it two stars cause the waitress didnt charge us for the two beers we drank. Nice gesture but it was like a drop of goodness in a sea of awfulness.
TOURIST TRAP!  Took my girlfriend here and we ordered soft shell crabs and steamers and 2 drinks.  Service was horrible, and bill was 155$.  If that wasn't enough of a bummer we both went home and became violently sick later on that night!  There is nothing classy or positive about this place even when it came to atmosphere.  I wouldn't mind paying for the location but there was no location to pay for here!  Just a beat up dock filled with lots of disrepectful Jersey Shore wannabe's on a polluted bug infested canal.  The crowd that frequented this place is just as horrible as the rotten food we ate!  Typical club kids, wearing muscle shirts and sunglasses at night!  We took a trip to the restroom on our way out and not to our surprise the bouncers were breaking up a brawl involving appoximately 6 girls and 2 guys near the bathrooms!  So much for a classy, romantic waterfront meal!!!  My advice to you:  Your Better off at your nearest Red Lobster!
Been there a few time on Sunday with my family.  If you like good live music, outdoors and pretty good food then you will have a nice time and I recommend it, but it ain't perfect. My kids seem to enjoy it. Pros:   Seafood Seafood seafood Live music Good service if your dining most of the time, attentive and fast. Cons Be prepared to spend some money The knuckleheads at the bar -- steer clear or you might run into roid rage
The best thing about this place is the live music. There was a very cute couple there today that both had great voices and I enjoyed their playing and singing. But other than that this place is overpriced and a knock off of city island if you ask me. The pricrs are ridiculous for the amount of toid you get in an entree. Went today cause my friend invited me and I needed to get out of the house. She ordered chicken fingers (yeah I know, at a seafood place, smh) with fries $15 she had a generous amount of chicken. Can't comment on if it was any good though. I ordered the grilled mahi mahi it came on a piece of dry,stale italian bread. It had no flavor whatsoever. Grilled well but needed salt and some kind of seasoning. That came with soggy fries for $21. We each ordered a frozen drink daquiri for her and myself a pina cocolada. They were $12 each for a plastic cup.about 16 ounces. They tasted like virgin drinks. After that we sat by the bar she ordered beer $8 and myself a glass of white wine $8 for about a 5 ounce plastic cup. The bartenders kept asking us if we wanted anything else I refused to.order more. Finally I told my.friend we should get up because it was getting crowded and I'm sure other people wanted to sit and drink. So we.found a seat by the band. My friend had another friend come join us and he boughtus drinks. Myself a henny colada $18, I felt so bad for the guy spending that much because it was horrible. Tasted like ice. No alcohol and no pineapple coconut fkavor. I drank it because I didn't want to waste his money. I would not recommend this place to anyone for food and drinks. It's a nice place to hang out enioy the breeze and listen to music that's it!! Oh and people were smoking all around which annoyed me as well. Please see my photo for a look at the portion.
Ok so I'm a sucker for a waterfont restaurant/bar, especially in the Summer and in NY!  So when my BF suggested we check out Nautical Mile (which I'd never heard of) I was both skeptical and excited (excited for water views and skeptical about food in Freeport?).  We went on a Wednesday evening so keep that in mind. We went with plans on a couple of other places on the strip but as we drove and walk we saw the crowd at Bracco's and heard LIVE music (which I love).  It was reggae which I especially love to hear live so we Yelped this place and despite the crappy reviews, we said 'we'll stay for a drink and we can eat somewhere else'. So here are the cons - overpriced for sure (fried calamari and fries plate for $21)! But I imagine alot of stuff will be pricey in this area. - drinks are eh - sangria special comes from bottle sangria (like you buy it labeled 'sangria wine' from the liquor store -  no fruit or anything added to make it special. - view is just meh!  I mean the water view is of houses across the channel.  Not even really nice houses. Just plain ol' houses. The pros - the food was at least decent. Expect to pay alot for standard fare but the calamari was fresh and the burger my BF had was decent. I did feel it was all just a tad bland but I'd rather add a little salt than it be cooked poorly (calamari was crispy and tender so I was happy). - Live music - this is always good. Now I will say the guy singing didn't stick to reggae (I wish he did) and some of the change ups were not my taste, but I appreciated the gesture of the live tunes. - ample seating - this place has a lot of outdoor space so you can sit at the bar, they have tables scatterd all over over and even a sandy lounge area with sofa's (faces the street though - so not much ambiance there, but if you just want to lounge with friends outdoors it's cool....especially after some drinks). - The bartenders were very nice and helpful! I have heard they have like a $20 cover on weekend evenings for men. I don't know that I'd pay that but for a down time place it wasn't bad. I won't go out of my way to come here.... The pro's weren't quite good enough for me, but I wouldn't say it was a bad choice if you are out here. I'm sure you could do worse.
Great atmosphere. Multiple bar options. Multiple seating options. The sand seated area makes it! Sit by the water. Enjoy the music. Order up some hookah. So many options you have to love coming back again and again.
Bracco's has good food, good music, and a nice deck on the water. However, the portions are small and are generally overpriced compared to other restaurants on the mile. I also try to avoid it on Saturday nights given the $20 cover, which is much higher than anywhere else on the mile.
The outdoor seating is the best. Kid friendly during the day bring a pale and shovel and they will have a good time in the sand. Beware of the prices. Went to the bar while sitting in the outdoor seating for 3 coronas it's cost me $17 and the next time I went up cost me $24 for the same 3 coronas. We got a order of wings that were good great wing sauce but we were charged $17 for the wings  I wouldn't go here to have a dinner but to stop by have a few drinks and enjoy the outdoor seating and the band it's very relaxing.  Nite time I wouldn't even bother going here very Clubish with a $20 cover just to walk in
Review is strictly for the food. Calamari- decent, cut too thin. Mussels- Really bad, overcooked and the white sauce was really more of a broth. Fish & Chips - standard fries. Fish was horrible. Bland and no flavor as well as being soggy. Oil probably wasnt hot enough. Snow Crab Legs- For $60, it was just bad. Overcooked,overpriced. The price of the food is no justified. It is over priced. This place is more expensive than 5 star seafood places in manhattan.  Their bathrooms are also horrible.
The ambiance is really nice. I enjoyed sitting on the dock by the water. The food was just OK. I ordered shrimp and fries and I expected way better seafood from a seafood restaurant. The drink I had was not very flavorful and tasted like they used cheap liquor rather than what was listed on the menu.
Went here with good friends on boat .. What a fun time . Fresh seafood all good lobster really good baked clams good. Music is live and fun too.. It's fun and enjoy
I was really excited about this place. The ambiance was great! Lots of great outdoor seating. Great music. But the food??? Yuck! The lobster roll left much to be desired. It was under seasoned. I had coconut shrimp with mango "sauce" that was the consistency of hardened jam. It was so hard to scoop out. The drinks.....ewww! Tasted like something out of a garbage pail at a college frat party. I would go back probably for a glass of wine (very hard to mess up a glass of wine) and to sit out in the "beach" area.
2 stars because its a decent place to hang out during the day on a weekend and get something off the appetizer seafood menu or some chicken fingers and such but they totally try to be something they are not. Don't even try to eat a full dinner outside early evening unless you want to eat gnats too. They don't even try and put citronella candles or anything to keep them away and they bite. Immediately after getting a table I moved inside (where there was an additional 40 min wait because inside tables and outside tables are seated with different hostesses). Steak salad apparently means there will be a full steak bone and all on top of your salad, not even cut. I'm also pretty confident that their side of rice that came with a $24 meal was Rice a Roni. You should not serve Rice a Roni in a restaurant EVER. Bathroom situation is a joke. If you are seated outside you need to exit the establishment and go in a different entrance, the line is always ridiculous and its a production. I hate the club thing they try and do at night. Freeport has such a come hang out casually and have drinks atmosphere I wish places would stop trying to run these little divey bars like upscale club/lounges. The inside restaurant part starts with the dim lights and loud music by 8:30-8:45 there are still kids with their families eating in there at that time and its just awkward. Will I go back for drinks and apps on a nice summer day? Yes. Will I ever have another dinner or ever come to the "club" here? lol No.
Ummm not sure what to say about Bracco's! I'm torn. Well let me start by saying it was a week night....it was also the night the Rangers beat the Canadiens 1-0!!! Woooo hoooo!  There was a band who played rock songs that I actually knew and these three guys were pretty good!!! I had great company and was having great conversation until we could no longer hear ourselves - but since the band was good it was ok. The food was good and our service was just ok. Brianne was a sweetheart although sometimes it was hard to get her attention and Nick (I think his name was Nick) who was part of the bus-boy crew was ON POINT (gold star)!!! Nothing blew me away though...nothing wowed me. Maybe I need to go back when it's warmer to get a real feel of it but right now I dunno...Bracco's is just Bracco's. I'm willing to go back and try some lobster though.
ok so i was out with the family and in the mood for some raw clams, i went to this place on 04/26/14. THERE WERE TWO REASONS NOT TO GO HERE : 1)- NOW FOR THE MOST HORRIBLE THING I HAVE SEEN I A RESTAURANT.... AFTER PAYING THE CHECK AND WALKING OUT MY KIDS SAID THEY HAD TO USE THE BATHROOM. WHILE I WAS IN THE BATHROOM ONE OF THE COOKS CAME INTO THE BATHROOM WHILE I WAS IN IT USED THE BATHROOM AND DID NOT WASH HIS HANDS WALKED BACK INTO THE KITCHEN AND IMMEDIATELY WENT INTO THE KITCHEN AND BEGAN PREPPING FOOD........ .NEVER AGAIN......... DON'T GO HERE!!!! 2)- OVERPRICED me and my 2 kids ordered 3 dozen clams on a half shell they couldn't even send them out all together 2doz. were sent first then another doz 15 min later. WTF?   the clams were not served cold (and they were on ice)seemed as if they were sitting a while before they were served.  the horseradish on the plate was not "new/fresh" and by fresh i mean a new jar opened because i could now tell they would not have fresh horseradish for the dishes.......it was old and without flavor as if it was opened last year. We also ordered mini maryland crab cakes. not worth it....forzen crab cakes...they came out sometime between the 2nd doz and the 3rd doz clams , i thought all food was to come out at the same time. i noticed the same problem at other tables and overheard the servers apologizing for this happening. $ 16 a doz clams $13 for frozen appetizer of crabclakes $8 for heineken   where do they think they are charging prices like this.......
Love the live band.   Food is decent but a bit overpriced.    I guess you pay for the location right on the water.    2 King Crab legs:  $69.    Fish & Chips $21.   Orderd the baked clams without bacon, so when they came with Bacon we sent them back.   All they did then was pull them off and send them right back over.   It was very obvious.   Overall a nice place with good atmosphere.
Beautiful indoors and outdoors, right on the water. Large windows indoors allow for a nice breeze to come in, but also a lot of sea flys :/ Outdoors has a stage for live music and a beach area with sand and chairs. The wait staff is extremely friendly and our waitress took our orders very quickly. Wednesdays are ladies nights so free sangria! The food is pretty good, and prices are average. (Our check for 3 adults came to $100. Overall, a nice dining experience.
Holy shit, has to to be one of the worst seafood places I've ever eaten at. Chilean sea bass tasted like it was a week old and the fried shrimp tasted like it was frozen from costco's last years stock. I'm so pissed right now that I even have to pay for this meal!
Great place for lunch and drinks. Came here for drinks during the day on a Friday. Clams were great. Lobster roll was good although a bit pricey. Atmosphere was wonderful!!!!
$20 to enter this place on a Friday night as a guy. Hahahhaha give me a break. I'll go everywhere else on the nautical mile
We love this place year in and year out. A great crowd and surprisingly good food. Great music too!
Fresh fish in the fish and chips. Good cold beer on the deck. Cute waitress on short shorts and it's on the water. Bout sums it up.
My date brought me here for the first time. It was a Sunday on a hot summer day. The place was filled with people. They were casually dressed. We had a couple of drinks by the bar, where my date and I watched a soccer game. We decided to eat there, so we asked the hostess for a table. We were seated in about 20-30 mins. We ordered burgers and salads. It took approximately one hour to get our meal (spposedly the kitchen was backed up). The good think is that we were seated along the water next to the dj and dance floor, so we able to enjoy the music and view. They even had a live band earlier in the day and towards the night time, they had a black jack table or something like that.
I should have listened to the other reviewers on here, but I guess I'm a glutton for punishment.  We are not foodies or extremely demanding people, but we're still extremely disappointed here.  Extremely overpriced - paid $29 for 4 stuffed shrimp with a scoop of Rice-A-Roni and a piece of corn on the cob...served on PLASTIC with a plastic fork and knife! Crab stuffing had no crab in it, and shrimp were tiny and not cleaned. I was actually hungry when we left.  Friend ordered the mussels which were ok, but again, we had to ask for cutlery and what we got was plastic utensils again.  Waitress was sooo slow - we had to ask 3 times for our check, and waited 15 minutes to finally receive it. Please is too overpriced for such bland food served on plastic with slow, clueless service. So many other options on Nautical Mile...won't be back.
Not a bad place, but when I see the first guy wearing a chain on top of a black t-shirt it is time to go..
The meal was good but the customer service sucked. Taylor is a very nasty waitress and the fact that the manager allows her to behave in that manner makes it worse. I don't appreciate nasty people serving my food! Never going back!
I have eaten at Braccos many times over the years.  Went this past Sunday afternoon as was not impressed.  Here is why: 1. At around 2pm there was a 25 minute wait for a table, which was fine.  In order to be put on the list and receive a beeper shaped like a lobster, one of us had to leave our license as collateral. 2. The bar was full and had about 6 or 7 bartenders, it took a good 10 minutes just to get one's attention to ask for a drink menu.  It took another 5 minutes to get an actual menu.  When we finally got our drinks, they informed us it is a $50 minimum on credit cards at the bar...really?? 3. When we were seated I had to remind them to give me my license back. 4.  We got a fried calamari boat as an app which was so unseasoned and bland we had to put salt on it.   5. The entrees were also very bland, I had the fried shrimp boat, which had about 8 shrimp.  One of them was not cleaned and had the "poop" line visible...just gross. A seafood restaurant should know better.  The waitress was cool though and didnt charge us for a round of drinks after I showed her. 6. My friend and I wanted to split the bill on credit card, they girl at checkout said no problem.  The bill was $84, I have my receipt, they charged me $42.  My friend contacted me today to advise that they charged her the full $84 on her card.  This happened to me before there when my husband and I went with friends.  They charged us for the whole amount of a check that was supposed to be split.  It took us 2 months of calling them to have charges reversed.  I finally had to file a report with my bank to get the money back.  You may say why did I go back after that fiasco?  Because the drinks, food, and vibe were always so good there.  This time, not so much.  I wont be going back.
