I have been going to this restaurant with my family for literally my entire life. Great food, especially the burgers and paninis. Fair prices and great deals during the week.
Great local pub! Prices aren't bad and the food is good. They make what I feel are some of the best burgers in valley stream. They also make really good wings, which we have order trays of for the Super Bowl. Check this place out.
The staff is always super friendly and the food is pretty good.  I have been here for dinner a few times and have not been disappointed.  They have some really good specials, including the seasonal pre fixed splat night (lobster, steamers, steak + more). I have come here a few times for lunch, 1st time was great 2nd time my chicken was undercooked, 3rd time the food took forever to come out, 4th time the soda machine was not working properly so we had to wait for it to get regassed or whatever it needs to do.
Check them out for their 2 for 1 burgers on Wednesdays and their daily happy hour from 12-7!
hadn't been there in years. decided to go back with the family. seated right away - order taken promptly. food took too long to come, considering they were not at all crowded. waitress came over once to see how things were - but we were already done eating. regulars received a lot of attention. to get extra salad dressing on the side, they charge 50 cents - tacky! especially since the dressings certainly do NOT taste homemade. food was unremarkable. will not be returning.
Loved this place!!!!now this a five stars on a bar/pub rating. Ordering for take our has been great, I didn't have any service issues with this place at all......I have ordered repeatedly, and plan on continuing to be a regular customer,   The burgers are spot on!  Have had the chicken tidbits in a fried version with mozzarella.  Yum!  I definitely recommend it!
This place is a Valley Stream staple, I've been coming here for years. The bar is towards the front, and the restaurant in further back. The staff is very friendly, and they are always quick to seat you, refill your drinks, etc. The food is always great. They have a wide selection of different burgers and sandwiches, and they also have a large selection of entrees. Wednesday is 2-for-1 burger day, which I feel is a steal, especially for the size of the burgers. The lunch specials are also a steal. The TVs are HD, and there's a lot of them. It's a perfect place to watch the game with your friends or family. The bar seems to have a good selection of beers and alcohol. The atmosphere of the place is very cozy, and the place has very nice decor. I definitely recommend this place for a dinner with your family, or just hanging out with your friends.
I love local bars, and having heard so much about this place being Valley Stream's go-to bar, I had to check it out. It's also really convenient that it's down the block from Sip This, the coffee shop on Rockaway. They seem to have specials every single day of the week. My friends took notice very quickly of the deal they have going on Mondays for wings and beer. Seemed like a good deal if you're a wing lover! While the drink deals aren't quite as clear (it simply says that drinks are "discounted"), I didn't spend more than $10 for a solid few rounds of beer. Unfortunately, they don't have a very varied selection of draft beers. On the day I went there, they only had Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's, Blue Moon, Coors Light. All very typical beers -- nothing special. However, being that it's mostly an older crowd with a lot of regulars, I'm sure that selection appeals to them! They also have a cute little fireplace in the middle of the establishment, which added a nice touch. Definitely a very welcoming decor. I'd come here again!
Great little pub. Just had lunch here and to be honest, it was pretty damn good. It is set up kind of like a sports bar / kind of like a neighborhood pub.  The foods are all excellent and the waitress was great- she was johnny-on-the-spot with the drink refills etc. The place was doing a decent lunch time crowd and I will definitely go back at night.
Awesome food. Great atmosphere. Incredible staff and owners.  Think this will be a new regular spot.
Love this place! Its small but comfortable. Food is great! You're in good company. The regulars are awesome. A much older crowd so no worrying about obnoxious 21 year olds clowning around. The owner is a good guy. The staff are really nice. All around nice place to go.
Sadly, this is like the only somewhat classy, decent bar Valley Stream has to offer.  It's in the heart of the "business district" on Rockaway Ave.  It's depressing, because it's really not that great.  It doesn't hold a candle to McQuade's, which is exactly the kind of place Rockaway Ave. needs.  I personally feel that they are way too expensive for the kind of food the typical bar food they serve, the service is always slow and it's just average.   I've gone here for lunch a few times and have almost always been late going back to work.  On a positive note, they have Blue Moon on tap.  I respect the fact that it's a VS staple and that lots of old timers still come here, which is cool.   If they just had better service and lowered their prices, I might come here more often than once a year.
Above average pub grub and great proper entrees. One of the best places to eat in Valley Stream. The bartenders are very friendly. Glad it's in the neighborhood.
Friendly staff, great food and cozy atmosphere all add up to a nice place to spend an evening with friends or on a date.  Plenty of TVs for all the games and check out the karaoke nights.
Please note that this location is not Gay-Friendly. Due to an incident, I will need to change my rating. This does not take away from the food quality and staff.
Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food. Best Pub in Valley Stream. The steak is excellent. Pork chops are on the money. The hot Brownie sundae and an Irish coffee is a perfect way to end it.
Friendly staff, great food, plenty of TV's for sports, great prices for drinks, very clean and just a real nice place to spend the night and have a few laughs with good people.
