This was one of the first places I visited when I moved to Rochester. The stuff they have here is all hand made and very unique! I've gotten so many birthday presents here for my friends and they all love it. But because they are hand made, they get a little bit pricey. I come here mainly for the gorgeous jewelry pieces, they also have some very creative pieces for wine lovers! The friendship tea here is also really good! If you're looking to buy a present for someone, definitely check this place out!
Very nice, artistic gift store. There's free parking which is nice. They have very unique and interesting items here and pleasant staff that know about the items for sale. The prices are maybe a bit on the high side but most things for sale are individual works of art so it makes sense. It's a good place to go to get something special for that special someone.
For years I've enjoyed wandering through this adorable store, mostly during the Christmas season, mainly because I had been visiting family for the holidays and we would stop here to get a gift for my in-laws to bring back. I still remember my first visit, 6 or 7 years ago. Ok, I don't remember much of it, I just remember having a sample of Finger Lake's Jamaican Me Crazy blend which was the best flavored coffee I had ever had at the point in my life and later regretting only bringing the small bag home with me (3000 miles away at that time). I remember the people being welcoming (though perhaps the free coffee clouded my judgement), and I remember being in love with just about every corner of the store. Over the last few years, I've made a special effort to return here for an ornament or two, though I always ogle the many other fancy things such as perfectly elegant-yet-crafty jewelry or pricey-because-it's-worth-it serving platters. The gifts I've brought to my Californian friends and in-laws have them thinking Rochester is where all the good Etsy purveyors reside. Craft Company is like the "featured" page of Etsy where the legitimately talented items get the spot light. The selection is curated with care to offer a range of tastes, as well as price points to some degree. Not everything is actually cute... last year my son (he wasn't quite 2 yet) selected the most ridiculous green trout ornament. He still remembers it, we will never be rid of it. This year, I was more guiding in our ornament selection and we found an adorable stuffed polar bear. He also found a second polar bear, made from possibly recycled book pages? Or maybe wood shavings? I dunno. It's not cute, it's a rather rustic, serious bear, but definitely not something that will hide at the back of the tree with last year's fish. We had to keep that one and gift the cute happy bear to my aunt. My kid has odd taste, but Craft Company keeps both of us happy. I have never thoroughly inspected every item, but the ones I have purchased have been fair-trade, US made, or local. This is important to me, especially when spending money on things I don't really need. Well, also on things I kinda do need which is why I still don't have a toaster but I don't think Craft Co. No 6 would be the place to find an American made toaster (not only because they don't exist). I would not doubt them to have an American made toaster magnet, though, and it would be darn cute.
Cool eclectic collection of art, craft, jewelry, home accents, pottery, ornaments, wine accessories, scarves, gourmet foods, and gift-y bric-a-brac. Must things verging from the medium to high in prices, for these hand crafted - many, one of kind items. Great place to buy or browse for unique gifts for special occasions or for yourself once you realize you're worth it. The store does have three spots of parking off University Ave right in front of the store, a totally transformed former fire-station house, if there is no spots on the street. Two floors. Take your time.
This is a great gift store-- really unique. Like the name implies, a lot of "crafts" are sold here. Not you run-of-the-mill crafts though, no old fence board signs, no sock monkeys or anything-- just really beautiful stuff like hand blown glass, hand made jewerly from many local artists, lawn stakes (that you would acutally want in your yard), pottery, etc. The store is great to wander around. During the holidays especially. You go in through the side and see all the outdoor ornaments, go in through the back, and then walk to the front of the store. From there you can go upstairs where they have a lof of fine jewelry and some home items. This place is remodeled fire house. Prices here are real high though. Sometimes I can't really justify the prices they want for things, particularly the handmade jewelry, but hey if you have the money it's a great chance to get something one of the kind from a local artisan.
Having travelled and lived all over the US, Craft Company No. 6 reminds me of a place you might see in Santa Fe.  Cute, unpretentious and filled with various artistic wares, the store was fun to explore.  The building is an old fire station, and is two stories of fun handmade pottery, jewelry, various other gift ideas for my mom.  My only lament would be the fact that it was hard to determine if any of the items were made by locals?  In fact, I found salsa from Texas.  Really?  Local creations with small signs identifying them as such, would be a nice touch... just sayin'.
Fun, eclectic, funky and pretty fairly priced. I try to visit once or twice a year when I'm in town. I wouldn't go here for useful items, this is the place to get that unique gift that you won't find at the mall. I love going there for the glass balls. Great selection and a multitude of colors shimmering overhead.  Also love the space...just adds to the whole vibe.
In my view:  a four star shop around the holiday season, three stars the rest of the year. A four star overall rating demonstrates my eternal gratitude to them for saving me one winter - the invitation to the bridal shower instructed me to bring a 'unique Christmas tree ornament' as a gift.  After visiting shop after shop without seeing anything I could bring myself to buy, I quickly found an ideal ornament at Craft Co. #6.  (I also found two backups.)  The bride loved it, and I enjoyed presenting it to her. They get three stars the rest of the year, because they're a tease.   When I look for gifts, I try to find useful items that are also a bit luxurious - something a bit nicer than one would buy for personal use, but definitely an everyday-practical item.  Craft Co. #6 seems to promise a store stocked full of these kinds of things - most of their stock could be grouped under the broad heading of 'housewares'.   Except I can't conceive of the vast majority of these housewares being useful for anything other than staging a house for a photo shoot.  To me, they are decorative, impractical, and not well suited to their stated purposes.  They are art pieces inspired by real life implements - I have little use for such things. I'm also disappointed by their selection of gourmet food items - they weren't all that exotic and nothing was locally produced.  I'd have bought some of these if they had been products of upstate NY, because then they would have made meaningful gifts.  Giving someone a taste of where I live is something I'd enjoy sharing.  I see no point in giving a gourmet food item produced in some random uninteresting location and sold by a local boutique, *especially* when the food isn't much different than what's generally available in the mainstream. I would come here to shop for special-occasion jewelry.  The variety and quality seem decent, and the pieces appear interesting.
Eclectic, artsy, and unique are the words that come to mind when I visit Craft Company No. 6. From its multicolored exterior to the shop space, which was an old firehouse, the space draws one in, even if you aren't looking for a specific gift. There's a broad variety of items and price ranges for all budgets, which is great since all of the wares are by local artists. The first floor contains different lines of jewelry, wood wares, and miscellaneous home and garden decorations and the second floor has more jewelry, cooking materials, and gourmet foods. I found a pearl ring with asymmetrical arrangement of the pearls by a South Carolina artist as an early birthday gift for myself. I love that its a one of a kind and that it was made in the US. Thanks to Craft Company, I've gone online to do further research on the artist and his other works. The staff are friendly and very helpful - they are willing to look up information if you ask nicely. Some of the food products are out by their displays for sampling - a good way to determine if you want to buy something and enjoy the whole thing. If you are ever in Rochester, NY, go visit Craft Company!
Whenever I visit Rochester, I really enjoy visiting this store. The exterior is unique, and I wish I could do that with my home. Its a great place for some unique artsy things, and the store is multi leveded and themed. Definitely not boring. Oh, and there usually is a dog roaming around, and he's rather casual too. Worth a visit, if you have also visited the memorial art gallery.
I love this place and always try to make it a point to stop here when I am in town. Craft compnay is chock full of artisan goods at all price points with a focus on jewelry and pottery. Often times you can find dogs here (bassets) which just add to appeal of the place. It is housed in a refurbed firehouse which gives the place a neat bohemian vibe. Go!
If you have money and like weird eclectic artsy stuff, this is a great place to shop.  If you are looking for a gift for a non-mainstream friend (who might like a handmade wall clock shaped like a dog head with a swinging tongue pendulum, or locally made stained-glass jewelry, or exceptionally yummy caramels), this is a good place to go.  If you are just looking for a place to window shop where the sales people won't harass you and there are interesting things to look at, this is a good place to go.   Craft company makes me smile.
Beautiful eclectic mix of handmade gifts. Gorgeous inside and out, even took some terrific photos outside their door! Bought the best specialty mustard I've ever had after trying a plate of samples they had out. Good idea to make a stop whenever you visit the Memorial Art Gallery (across the street).
I love this store.  Every time I come to Rochester this is a must stop for me.  It has a unique and eclectic collection of pottery, dish and kitchenware, jewelry, furniture, and artisan goods that are one of a kind.  They support local artists and craftsmen which is certainly more than can be said about mall stores or Pier 1.  The prices are reasonable too.  I'm becoming an insatiable fan of Kent Follette and Bill Campbell flambeaux pottery and I have Craft Company No. 6 to thank for that!  I pick up a piece or two or three each time I come and have them shipped to my home in California.  It always arrives in a timely manner and in perfect condition.  These pieces would easily cost 2-3 times what I paid if I had bought them in San Francisco!  Woot woot!  The staff is really attentive and friendly.  There's a cute dog roaming around too.  Come here.  You won't be disappointed.
God how I miss this wonderful boutique.  Not for the weak pocketbook, but some of the most beautiful crafts.  It's just eclectic and eccentric.  Just right.
During my thirteen years in Rochester, I patronized Craft Company on a regular basis.  The interior is really interesting, since it was formerly a firehouse (LONG ago).  It's a really fun place to wander around.  Craft Company has long been rated one of the top ten "galleries" of American crafts (meaning, high-end).  It's true that much of what they sell is pricey (and sometimes very much so), but their selection is terrific and I've bought many beautiful things there.  The sales staff has always been very pleasant, too.  Another thing I like is that the owners have long been strong supporters of Lollypop Farm and they also help support various other non-profits & area events.
I love coming to the Craft Company any time I need a gift!
I no longer live in Rochester, but make a point to visit Craft Company No 6 every time I go home.  Unique items for sale displayed in a manner that shows a level of creativity unparalleled by any other gift shop staff I have encountered.  Keep up the good work CC6!
