I heard it has new managment ...with new stores coming...extended hm, starbucks chipolte panera and gap. If you are flying in this is the nearest shopping center to the airport..... tmobile offers phone service for visitors.
If you live in the area, and you need to pick something up in a rush then I suppose this is your best option. However, if you've got some time to travel a little farther to QCM or Roosevelt than I would highly suggest doing so.  They've got everything Green Acres has and then some. I've lived in this area my entire life so, I remember being a youngin thinking this was the best place ever. Then I got a license, and discovered Roosevelt Field. It's not that Green Acres is a terrible mall there's just not much selection. I have noticed some of the renovations and upgrades they been making including renovating the food court area, and adding better stores. So I do hope to be able to upgrade this review soon. Aside from that the only other thing you need to prepare yourself for is the youth. Teenagers can be rowdy, vulgar, and rude from time to time. But that may just be a pet peeve of mine. PS of all the Macy's locations I've been to in NY (and that's quite a few) this location probably has the worst selection of women's/juniors clothes. And the staff is that not friendly, but that's a whole other review.
BEST BUY GREEN ACRES MALL````````   RUN! If you have to drive 30 miles to another location DO IT! The Geek Squad in Green Acres mall needs to be shut down. They are not happy about working and it's obvious. RUDE RUDE RUDE!   2 days for them to put an anti-virus on my laptop after they took a day to let me know they needed to find out what was wrong with it!   Horrible attitude, worst customer service I've ever seen anywhere!   Employees flirting with customers giving them their phone number, 25 min. just to get to talk to someone.   Lines like you wouldn't believe. Don't believe any of the good experiences, they're probably family.   A fish stinks from the head down and the Geek Manager needs to get her team in order.     I'm going to write to Best Buy Headquarters to let them know about our many horrible experiences.   Go to the other store on West Circle Drive, they have better ratings.
I've been coming here since I was little but I try to avoid coming here now. In the immediate vicinity of the mall there are a few stores that make this mall a useful place to visit. There is target, walmart, bj's, Home Depot, petsmart, and a best buy just to name a few. These are really the only reasons I come here anymore. Inside of the mall it's a different story. It did receive a face lift but it could still do more. Some of the stores in this mall look a bit dated and in certain spots there is no cellphone service. It has the usual stores you'd find in a mall but, the smaller and lesser known stores don't seem to last very long. The food court is good but seats are hard to come by when there is a decent crowd. All types of people come here but if you don't like dealing with loud kids then try to avoid this mall during the months school is in session between 3pm and 6pm. After the local high school dismisses their students this is where they go to hang out. It's a decent place to visit but these days I prefer to spend a few more minutes to get to Roosevelt field mall. If you live close to the mall and need something fast then this place will get the job done.
Don't come here at nite so many stories of people getting mugged in the parking lot at gun point. I left my girl in the car one nite for a few minutes while I went to pick up something from a friend and she witness two guys sticking a guy up herself. Also this place has a lot of parking but getting out is a nitemare. The mall itself is sorta boring not much variety. I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you know absolutely what you want. All In all unless your a teenager acting like you have a serious and freakish case of terets avoid this mall and take the few extra minutes to visit roosevelt field much much better. Green acres needs a serious reboot...although I do like the food court...
They have so many stores here!! The food court is mostly what many people come for, due to the fact they have Sakuru Japan..mhmm yumm!! But they need to work on their customer service.
I really like shopping at Green Acres Mall. It has a good variety of stores and is conveniently located near other stores (e.g., Target, Wal-Mart, BJs, etc.). The parking is brutal! I usually do my shopping at Target and walk over to Green Acres afterwards to avoid dealing with crazy parking twice!
It's pretty ghetto but when you need something it gets the job done for sure. Plenty of stores with all the standard things you'd expect to find at a mall. N all the mall eats one would expect, there's a new scent of yummy calories everywhere you turn. That parking lot is nuts tho and you may find a few vagrants soliciting
I am completely over this mall. As a child I had great memories of Green Acres Mall. I remember taking family photos here as a toddler at Sears and Santa Claus coming every year to surprise the kids. That was when Green Acres was awesome! Now I avoid this place as an adult. The parking lot is always chaotic and I barely feel safe leaving my car here. I have heard so many stories of shoppers getting their cars vandalized, and shoppers being seriously hurt during one of those Black Friday sales. Did I mention I was completely OVER this mall? Oh yeah I did...well I had to mention it again! This mall needs a serious update, and I am never excited to go to Green Acres Mall. Ever. Actually, I only go if I HAVE to and that is very rare. Nothing in this mall appeals to me, and from reading the reviews of my fellow yelpers, most of us feel the same way. Avoid.... Actually, if you HAVE to go to Green Acres Mall, just visit the Target which is newly renovated and has a separate parking lot. Besides that, just drive past and save yourself from torture lol.
This mall... When i was younger the demographics were a bit more diverse, maybe because the mall carried well known stores/chain stores (REMEMBER STERNS??). Now this mall is filled with obscure stores I never heard of. A lot of discount stores. I am sure if you are on a serious budget this mall will be the best option for you, If you like your clothes extra stretchy tight and trashy come here. Otherwise,  if you want some variety please take the extra 20 mins and drive to Roosevelt Field Mall. Oh let me add this, the food court is amazing LOL better than what I remembered.
Oh HELL no! If anyone remembers, I said in my Queens Center Mall review that you can meet the dregs of society over there. I was wrong. They're at at the Green Acres mall.
I've grown up in this town my whole life and have been going to this mall since I was born.  A lot of my friends and family refuse to go there because it's pretty dangerous. Yes, it's dangerous.  The robberies and stolen cars in the parking lot are frequent...just don't go here at night. (Although one of my co-workers had her headlight stolen in broad daylight on her lunch break) They recently redid the mall, so it's aesthetically pleasing.  I like the stores in here, especially now that there's a Charlotte Russe.  They have a lovely food court (which is all I seem to care about).  They don't have high end stores in here, but that's no problem for me because I am cheap when it comes to clothes.  They have a GAP, Express, Loft, Victoria's Secret, H&M and the rest is kinda ghetto - lots of stores that sell shirts for like $3.   Honestly, I love this mall because it's 3 minutes from my house.  It's not as crowded as Roosevelt Field and I like that because I hate people....especially people in big crowds and long lines.  This mall is like home.
I loathe this mall. I have always lived close so it kinda becomes the easy choice when looking to do any quick shopping trips. Now I live so close I can walk, so sadly I still go. I came back one day to find my car had been broken into with the alarm still wailing and security in the next aisle dealing with a flat tire. They even said they heard the alarm go off but didn't check. Thanx guys. And yes I drove around the  mall and reparked. The thieves there are always watching, I swear they have walkie talkies. I have been in the mall during a stabbing in front of JC Penney's (11/08) and witnessed fights. One positive thing I will say the mall has undergone a major facelift and the store choices are getting better. Good luck!
Because of the other reviews I have to say - OK - I grew up in a part of Queens close to the mall and have been going here since I was a child.  I have never feared for my life - ever here - and I have never seen any violence first hand.  Anyone who I have been with has never had their car stolen or broken into either.   My mom raised me as a true New Yorker - so if you buy stuff and put it in the car - you drive around the lot and repark - just in case.  My mom does that at every mall, though.  And to be honest I have never shopped at this mall alone either. The main mall itself is kind of crappy - but I only say that because it is full of teenage clothing stores, a Macy's, a Sears, and a JC Penny's.  That is about it.  There are no interesting or unique stores or anything like that here.  It is the same syiff at every turn - boring garbage.  That is why the main mall can be skipped.  The food court is your typical one too - nothing interesting or different - I never eat at the mall.  I would have given it two stars for the main actual mall - but some of the stores outside the main building are better. So if I really need something from Macy's - I guess I go here.  JC Penny is super tiny at this mall too - you can easily skip it.  Sears I have been to - but not often. The surrounding stores of the mall - outside the main building are at least a little more interesting - not a lot - but at least a little.  They have a BJs - I like the one at this location a lot.  The staff are nice and the people who shop here are pretty decent too.   There is a Men's Wearhouse and a few Pet Stores and a Raymore and Flannigan and Target, Best Buy and a Home Depot too. As for Walmart - that is the most horrific store store I have ever been to in my life.  And I grew up in a sketchy neighborhood and hung out in other sketchy neighborhoods too (Camden Jersey anyone?).  This is the only store I go out of my way to avoid.  This is where that poor man was crushed to death by shoppers on Black Friday.  They literally walked over and on him as he fell to the ground.  Seriosulsy - these are the types of people who go to this Walmart.  There is stuff thrown all over the floor and extremely undesirable people seem to shop here - and it is super insanely busy too.  It seems to be predominantly contained to Walmart... Overall not a mall I would go out of my way for on any given day - but like I said I like the BJs and I go to Macy's once in a blue moon - and it is the closest larger mall near me.
When I was younger this mall was so nice and fancy.  Now you pretty much should have to walk through a metal detector to get through.  The surrounding area isn't very nice either.   You'e better off driving to Roosevelt mall, it's much nicer, cleaner and fresher.
Uffa - now I'm going to feel old.   I remember coming here 25 years ago, when it was a completely different kind of mall.  Maybe time has tinged my recollection with rose-coloured glasses, but I remember there used to be much better stores, with a much greater selection.  Now, about the only reasons I have for coming here are to return items to the few big chain stores that are left or to swing by the closest Home Depot to my home.   It is truly worth the extra 25 minutes on the Southern State / Meadowbrook to drive to Roosevelt Field.
Green acres. Man oh man. Having been coming here since I was little, I have plenty of memories of being a younging strolling through the mall. By time I was 13 I despised everything about it. Granted, they've done some renovations and are adding stores but usually its just the people in there that make it unpleasant. It's pretty annoying running in to Victoria's secret and having herds of young boys whistling and howling at me.  Plenty of hoodlums hang out here, not buying a thing. Just kicking it in the mall. As far as malls go, there are surely better ones not too far. Save yourself the headache and go to qcm or Roosevelt field
When I was in high school, this used to be a mall to hang out and kill time. The older I got, I realized how crappy it was. Green Acres hasn't changed much. It has been updated some, but it's not a mall worth travelling more than 30 minutes to unless you really have no other choice. I'm not sure if people actually care to go to a mall for the ambiance, but this mall does not have it. The worst thing about this mall is the parking. You can get into a fight just trying to get a parking spot on any given day no matter the time. On top of that, if you're travelling on Sunrise Highway heading the direction of the Belt Parkway, be prepared to sit in traffic leaving the mall, especially on a weekend.
If you like to shop all day and then have it all stolen from you as you walk to your car then this is the place for you!!!! But seriously this mall has been an eye sore since the 80s and does not seem to be getting better...it actually gets worse each time I visit or drive by it. Speaking of drive by, be careful not to shop after dark because they have constant shootings and robberies in the area. Just drive a few miles to Roosevelt Field and enjoy your day of shopping in peace.
I share a love/hate relationship with this mall. I don't really think half of the stores in this mall should be there but I love the fact that its 10 mins away from my house. This mall is not ghetto but you WILL NOT find American Eagle, Urban Outfitters, Delias, Nordstrom, Bloomies, Guess, or BCBG here. You'll find more stores that look like they should be on the Ave (Jamaica Avenue, that is). But truth be told sneakerheads from Brooklyn and Northern Queens come all the way over here because its a hidden secret. I on the otherhand only come here when I don't feel like going out to Roosevelt Field, Queens Center or Manhattan.
I concur with Katherine L. I use to say that to my girls and they would laugh.. Its def Jamaica Ave in the box.. so if the weather is bad and you dont want to trolling down the street of Jamaica Ave - head over to Green Acres.. UGH!! i hate the place.. its always crowded, loud and gross.. you will only catch me here if I dont have time or gas to head to Roosevelt.. but Imma Roosevelt Field Girl any day....
Went there with my sister in law during the holiday season and it was very crowded but the mall seems to be really nice. We got our eyebrows done (Threading-technique) and a menicure and pedicure. Both was nice and the Macys in there is good too
The mall has many stores however horrible customer service in many places. Roosevelt field mall is a much better choice. They have better stores and more of a selection. I love the popeyes in the green acres mall though. Its so good!
The first thing to know about GA Mall is that it is partially under construction right now. It is getting a desperately needed face-lift. The part that has been completed is so much nicer than the older sections that still need restoration. The department stores in the mall are Sears, Penny's and Macy's. As others have mentioned, Macy's is split in 2, so it's such a pain when I want to go look at cute dresses while my bf shops for jeans. We have to be on opposite ends of the mall so it's hard to ask for each other's opinions on crucial buying decisions. The Sears and Penny's are not laid out very well and are over crowded with merchandise. And strangely, they both seem super dark. They need a few hundred more light bulbs in there. There is also an H&M that doesn't have a men's section. Pity. They have a small food court that has the typical fare: Wendys, Subway, terriaki chicken, pizza, McD's. They also have an Appleby's and a Friendly's. Looking for healthy options? Yeah, well, good luck. Here's a tip: everyone and their mother, grandmother, and favorite auntie parks near the front of the mall, by the entrance to Appleby's. Just take a short drive to the backside of the mall and you'll find much more parking. Oh, also, other stores in the mall plaza are: Target, Walmart, Home Depot, Best Buy and a BJs which is opening shortly. So, you know this isn't the kind of mall to window shop and take a stroll, I prefer to get in and out as quickly as possible. But, I usually find whatever it is I need.
Green Acres Mall is good, years ago though I would probably only come here to go to the movies or for some Red Lobster.  I did like alot of the stores in the mall though, OTB was nice too to get some horse racing bets in there.  I know there is a Walmart right there too in the area, the only one around.  IT sure is ghetto though, everyone knows that.   I agree too, the MALL just gets the job done.  Alot of great memories coming here as a kid and teenager but now these days, I DO not come here as much.
Apparently this is one of the better malls around but it didn't hit the spot for me.  I didn't find the high end stores that I'm used to shopping in - guess Manhattan is the only spot for that and no Starbucks.  Yup, I said it, NO STARBUCKS.  How's a women to shop without her coffee jolt. One other thing to note is that the mall layout is a bit awkward; I felt a little bit turned around when navigating this place it wasn't  intuitive.
I went here recently, and yeah they do suck. Not even comparable to Queens Center Mall, which isn't that great in the first place. But I would definitely check out this mall whenever I'm in the area, because there's something I noticed. Have you ever seen a sale section in a Forever 21 that wasn't just one rack? Me neither, until I went to the Forever 21 here. Since the mall is practically deserted, the sales tend to be better here. Also noticed this in their H&M. The sale section in F21 consisted of winter boots and jackets, but it was a big section. Good place if you're cheap and like cheaper than usual H&M and Forever 21. I could care less about the rest of the mall.
So the back story is that we had a 10 hour layover at JFK and half of our party was too tired to hoof it to Manhattan for the day. One half slept while the other half explored Jamaica! I told the friendly front desk man at our hotel that I wanted to know about the fun activities in Jamaica and he told me that the hotel shuttle would take me to the mall about 10 minutes away. Okay! We actually really wanted to walk around but I suppose Jamaica isn't that kind of place. It's interesting reading the yelp reviews of this place after I went. Did I ever fear for my life here? Um, no. I wouldn't leave my purse on the seat next to me but I wouldn't have done that in SF either. We basically had a lovely, diverse lunch in the food court: "cajun" chicken, gyro, and fish and chips! And then we got a cab back to the FIM for a nice nap and shower before taking ANOTHER red-eye. If I'm ever in Jamaica again with time to kill and a free ride to the mall, yes, I would go back to GAM. :D I liked my lamb gyro. PS There's a Baskin Robbins INSIDE the mall! We don't see that on the west coast so it's a novelty.
Ehhh I'll pass.  Once is enough.  Tax on clothing and shoes here is already worse than the city.  Then you get bad vibes from everyone around you.. Not good.  The salespeople do not know how to do a proper refund.  Major dislike!  Left empty handed, except for a cinnamon bun lol
As much as they are trying to improve this mall, it's a far cry from what a mall should be. It's quite dated and the crowd that comes here is arrogant and rude. I only go here if I desperately need something. They have popular stores surrounding the mall like target, bj's, walmart, etc...so I try to stick to those stores rather than to go into the mall.
This is a regular mall that has the same arrangement of stores other big malls have. They have a food court that has a wide assortment of food including Wendy's, McDonalds, Subway, Popeyes, Nathan's, Sbarro, cheesesteak place and various Asian fusions places. During the day the mall is nice to shop because it's not to busy. At night it can get a little overwhelming. The mall has a TGI Fridays and an Applebee's attached to it.
This mall gets the job done. It's an in and out mall.  There's not too many options so its not overwhelming, but then again it is a mall so you can depend on there being enough stores to get what you need and be on your way.   I've never really seen Greenacres get crowded like most of the other malls I go to.  Around the hoildays most shopping centers are like zoo's but green acres seems to maintain a low key setting kind of atmosphere.   This is usually my go to mall for a quick run.  I always get my nails done in at nail spa on the 2nd floor (I wish yelp would would list it so I can write a great review), its a really a great spot for UVgel manicures.  I've never encountered any problems here like some like to talk about so until then you can always catch me here during the weekend, either eating, shopping or getting pretty!
This is a waste of a pretty decent, midsized mall. Recently redone, it is actually a nice building to shop at, but the parking and the younger crowd it attracts makes it less than desirable, especially at night. The food court is unusable. An in-and-out location, with some decent shops. But not a shopping destination.
It's an ok mall that seems to be going down hill. Every time I come here new "$10 clothing and shoe stores" just pop up overnight. I remember as a teenage I use to brag about coming to this mall every weekend until I discovered Roosevelt Field Mall. It's not really the safest mall (there have been a few fights, mostly teens fighting) and the mall security are either too old to chase people / break up a fight or too fat to chase some one / break up a fight. I only come to this mall if I'm in dyer need of something and even then I hate coming here. This places needs a make over and quick!
Continued to be treated like garbage... Not only were the employeese rude but I find it difficult to actually characterize them... but I am thinking somewhere along the lines of SUB HUMAN because that is how they behaved.   I had a coupon which they refused to honor and then right in front of me before I could even ask for my coupon back, the sales b***h just tore it up right in front of my face!.   If I have to ever shop here again, I would rather kill myself!
Not much quality stores but it does get some of the job done. The food is alright, wish they had more variety y. Only places good to me are Cinnabon, Applebees, and Arthur Treachers. Sometimes the crowd is annoying. Rather take the trip and go out to Roosevelt or Broadway or go into Manhattan.
This is the mall I always go to. It's nice but on weekdays not weekends. It's always crowned ESPECIALLY the Walmart there. If my family and I have to go to Walmart, we drive to one in Long Island instead of this even though it's closer. It's way too crowned and the lines are ridiculous. The actual mall is nice and the renovated a few years back and it looks great! Theres lots of stores and food which are pretty nice.The only thing is it closes pretty early like at 7-8pm.
people have actually been shot here before so it's a semi risky mall to visit. I also heard one story about a serious fight in the parking lot one time. Despite the fact  that you could be considered a daredevil for coming here it's a pretty nice mall. They have fixed it up and rescued it from a forever time warp in 80s land. Not that 80s land is bad, I love the 80s. The mall has a good  selection of stores and maybe that sale is worth getting  shot for.
"You can't polish a turd." Well, actually, you CAN, but its still a turd. Such is Green Acres. I don't care that they remodeled and took away the neon lights that adorned all malls of the 80s. The neon lights weren't going to stab or shoot anyone. If they really want to improve this mall, they should eliminate the gang presence. It's hard to enjoy a shopping trip where each purchase may be your last. (If you don't believe this place is unsafe, try Googling "Green Acres Mall Shooting" or "Green Acres Mall Stabbing". You'll get multiple news articles, because there have been multiple stabbings and shootings) The old Green Acres Cinema is now an Olive Garden. But you can drive twenty minutes away, to Howard Beach and get real Italian food. So why would you go to Olive Garden? That's like living in Maine, but buying that awful frozen seafood they serve at Red Lobster. The shuttered Circuit City is still there. Circut City went out of business, what,  five years ago? Six? Target is shuttered due to remodeling. Both are on the 'street' side of the mall, and give the illusion that the mall is defunct. The very, very few stores in the actual mall I liked are gone now- Arby's, Haagen Dazs (where they dipped the ice cream pops in melted chocolate right in front of you), and Borders bookstore. And as a plus-sized woman, I HATE that they put all the "big girl" clothing stores in a row, with a CinnaBon at the end of it. Just because I'm fat doesn't mean I require CinnaBon for survival. I can waddle upstairs to the food court just fine, thanks.
I was on the hunt for a summer dress that would be appropriate for my commencement ceremony  for graduate school. I must have walked into seven clothing stores and walked out empty-handed. It was a long commute from Brooklyn via NYC Transit, but we made it. I eventually found one. I highly doubt I'll make another visit here. It's probably best that I stick to my malls in Brooklyn.
Another high school haunt (one of the places where I had my first job), Green Acres has been around for a while. A place that changes as the community changes, it has seen it's share of stores go and come (Alexanders, Stern's, Candians, etc). BUt it is a mainstay. As long as people shop there will be a Green Acres Mall.
I really don't have an issue with Green Acres. I own an American car, so the chances of it being stolen are fairly slim. Alot of the stuff you can find at Roosevelt Field you can find here. It used to be sort of grimy, but they renovated the interior a few years back and it looks much, much better. The bottom line is that it is close to my house and I don't have to drive more than two minutes to get here. It works.
Not the best prices and selection....but none the less has all the major department stores and sports apparel stores. 3 stars are pretty much for the walmart, petsmart, and petco
Great local mall, I know where all the stores are and navigate where I need to go to get what I want. I visit Macy's, Fashion to Figure, Afaze the most. I recommend Forever21, Applebees, Cinnabon. Green Acres went under major renovations years ago and really has stepped it up. Yes, we deserve it.
Well put Rod M... Will never shop here again.... Growing up my parents minivan was broken into in this nightmare mall.. Unless you want a broken window, or a screwdriver put into your ignition than Id suggest shopping here. Its arguable if this place or Kings Plaza Mall is more dangerous... If your a city bus driver,  or car thief this may be your mall.. For everyone else... Smarten up and drive to Roosevelt Field.
This was a great place to hang out as a kid but now that I am older, this isnt the place for me.
Looks much better than it used to so at least Management is trying. Never encountered any theft issues but I wouldn't be surprised. You won't find the high-end brands at the Macy's here either.This is an in-and-out mall, not a place I could see myself staying in all day. Best time to go is during the week after work. Love it that all the plus-size stores are on one side so I don't have to walk around the whole mall. If I want exercise I'll go to the gym!
Worst mall ever. It's basically stuff you get on Jamaica Ave in a grimey mall
This mall was great back in the 90's but it's pretty crappy now.  There are a bunch of teenagers running around, and the chain stores are a mess (jc penny, macys). And the mall doesn't have a GAP or Banana Republic, but they have a crusty ass Old Navy smh.  The best part is the food court.  They have a lot of options.  But just save your time and money and drive the extra exits to Roosevelt Field.
It's the nearest mall to me so that's the only reason I come here and it's usually when I really need something which there are only 5 stores I visit which is macys, oldnavy, h&m, victoria secret and my favorite pretzel maker they make the best almond pretzels. For good deals and better stores I prefer to take the extra drive to roosevelt field or huntington.
Some different than usual stores here...especially, some that gear to the urban market. For urban clothes, try Sid's Pants, I feel they are the best. The Macy's Stores are HUGE...however, the men's store (that includes certain departments) and women's store (that includes other departments) are split...so it can be a pain in the tush or annoying to find things. Also, some of the clothing stores (which there are a ton of) carry very similar products.
I live in Springfield Gardens (which is 10 minutes from the mall), yet I haven't been to this mall in 2 years. I'd rather spend 2 hours on LI Bus heading to Roosevelt Field than to go to this mall. People are right when they say that this mall is ghetto (and I'm a 25 year old black male). The only reason I gave it a 3 and not a 1 is because there's a Walmart (and it's not in the main mall. It's on the other side).
This mall is okay, nothing special, somewhat small, good enough to get the job done for anyone who lives nearby. We don't think it's worth the trip if you're not from the area...
This is probably the worst mall in the NY tri state area, the only other rival I can think of is Kings Plaza, but im convinced its got that place beat after reading the review beneath mine. If you shop here, I apologize.. Life really isnt fair and I would reccomend that you vote for the communist party in the next election, because capitalism has clearly done you wrong.
I make a habit of avoiding this place - I'd rather go to Roosevelt Field Mall. Thinking about coming here on the weekends? You're going to rip out your hair till you have none (and if you have none, well, find something else to rip out due to your never-ending frustration trying to get out of the parking lots here). My boy and I avoid driving on Sunrise Highway like the plague on the weekends cause mall traffic is always insane here, no matter if it's 12pm or 5pm.
Yes the area surrounding the mall isn't too safe but if you come here during daylight hours and park close to the stores you should be pretty good.  As far as malls go this probably falls somewhere in the middle.  I think this place is better than the dreaded Kings Plaza just because it has more stores.  Roosevelt Mall is a better mall but for me is a longer drive.  They had remodeled this mall a few years ago and it is now slightly better than in was in the 90's.
It has a 24-hour check cashing store next to a boarded up former bank branch in its parking lot.  Speaks for itself. Lots of selection though for mid-tier shopping- a Wal-Mart and a much quieter/nicer Target, Home Depot and a BJ's and more surrounding the mall. The Valley Stream and Rosedale LIRR stations are close by.
i kinda like this mall if you ever got tired of going to the same local ones. i'd say it is bigger than queens center mall, has the same structure built, but a couple of more added walk and stores. umm...not much i could further remember, but yeah, it is not as bad as taking long shop or snap :D their parking space is as huge as a movie threather one. but it keeps bearly full. i would definetly come back if by any chance got $'s for extra fuel and want to drive away from home tho...
My wife and I have lived here for about 3 years now, long enough to see the mall as it was before the renovation.  It's improved a lot, although it's still not a high-end mall and never will be.  It does attract its share of people from southeast Queens, and the MTA runs buses from Queens that always seem packed - it's almost more of a Queens mall than a Long Island mall.  Still, I personally never feel unsafe there - most of the people seem like regular people, just not upper class, and of course they're more racially mixed than most LI malls.  My wife doesn't feel comfortable shopping there by herself, though. I don't feel like the renovation has been a complete success.  The mall looks pretty nice now, but the construction and materials seem pretty cheap and the result is that it sounds like walking through a cave when you're in there.  The acoustics are terrible.  It probably sounds like a funny criticism but it makes the overall atmosphere just a little weird.  It's not a place that feels really inviting, despite the updated decor. It's also gotten a lot more crowded, especially on the Queens side of the mall.  The roads and signals are a mess, and parking is impossible on some days, even with a new garage.  I made the mistake once of trying to go to Home Depot by going to the west entrance to the mall off Sunrise Highway - what a nightmare! I still go to this mall sometimes because I live less than five minutes from it... but I confess I take the extra time to go to Roosevelt Field more often than not.
Decent Mall...It has my The North Face store which is the main reason why I like Green Acres Mall. though it is alittle slow getting out of the mall.and since I have no car I have no chance for it to be stolen which I believe is a good thing.however I have heard the area is not what we call "safe."
It's not the worst mall I've been to.... but could use lots of improvement.  The mall itself contains the usual group of stores you see in most NYC malls including the usual food court; nothing particularly unique or special here.  The anchor stores are placed too far apart for my liking (I don't drive) and I don't think the mall is well laid out -- more parking space than necessary. Mall planners in urban areas should really think about how to make mall visits pleasant for pedestrians as well as drivers. Large, clear bus signs and maps and attractive walkways would help and would it kill you to build some of these stores closer to each other? I'm new to Queens / Long Island and can't say that I like it; too big, too suburban, too hard to get around and I hope not to live here long but let me also state that I don't understand the reviews that mention "dregs of society", "ghetto atmosphere", etc. I have not been here at night yet but have visited all times of day, different days of the week and have *never* seen anything "ghetto" or low-class; at least not more so than any other mall in an urban area.
It's not a great mall, by any means. Just an average one, very close to the Queens-Nassau County border. I grew up in the area and went to this mall a lot growing up, and, let me tell you, they have made tons of improvements from the way it looked when I was a teenager and would hang out there! The mall used to look like a disaster area, but the inside of it now is beautiful. I think they were going for improvements that would really make the mall shine and feel less spartan. The stores in the mall are mostly okay, their JCP is nice, and they have a very large Macy's, including a furniture gallery, which is actually on two different sides of the mall. Overall, it's not terrible, but also not someplace to go out of your way to get to. If you want a large mall check out Roosevelt Field.
It is what is is.  A convenient bare-bones mall.
