It's about time I give Greece Ridge a more detailed review since the new additions have now been completed since a few months ago. Do these changes make the mall more impressive and up to date then before the renovation? Meh...let me start with the mall itself as a whole, then I'll elaborate. Many might now know that his used to be two seperate malls, Greece Towne Mall & Long Ridge Mall. I believe they were connected somewhere around twenty to thirty years ago to expand the mall and make it easier to access. This has led to the mall being ranked number fifty in the fifty largest malls in the United States. Quite an impressive feat, but size is only one thing that matters in a shopping center such as this. How does the decor look? You will either love it or hate it depending on your personal tastes but I don't find it that awful, it's just a little dated. The tile floors are that wonderful forest green and salmon pink color that were once popular twenty years ago but have since lost thier glory in the changing world of malls. However, they are kept clean most of the time and they don't show signs of wear or cracking so I'm glad to see they have held up overtime. As this is a Wilmorite, green is the color of the day daily here. From the wall lights to the skylights and even to the roofs, it is hard to miss such a trademark only created by Wilmorite Properties. What I think is a cool feature about this mall is the amazing skylights. The newer area doesn't have these but because the rest of the mall does, it makes it feel open and brings in alot of sunlight on sunny days. To me, it brings a warm and welcoming atmosphere great for shopping, even on rainy days when it's cloudy! At night-time, it is awesome to see all of the lights on the walls and skylights illuminate to brighten the mall just like Christmas, expect it's every night! There are a few fountains located in the center of the mall which are most of the time on and functioning, surrounded by beautiful plants. In the winter time, they are sadly shut off so the Christmas decorations can be placed in. A bit sad to see that they are starting to show signs of breaking down so it may be time to invest in some new festive cheer? No? Moving on to the food court! Next to Eastview, this has the second largest food court out of all the Wilmorite Property malls. Here are the ones I am able to name... - Burger King - Great American Cookie Co. - Sbarro (defunct recently!) Yes this is only three but those were the only three places I visited every time I went here. I just never bothered with the rest since I have been a long Sbarro's fan and Burger King was part of my childhood so naturally those were the two I visited. They have about ten more food anchors on both sides of the court so the options are endless. There is also two pretzel places not by the court but by Macy's oddly enough. There is Auntie Anne's (see my seperate review for that) and Pretzelmaker. Isn't it odd to find two pretzel companies close to each other in the same mall? It is for me since Auntie Anne's seems to get the most customers but I don't know, I never tried Pretzelmaker so I'lll be sure to give that a try next time I visit. Back in the food court, there is the famous carousel that still operates and can be seen at nice from Ridge Road because of the wonderful clear glass windows all in front of food court. There is an admission fee for the carousel which is cheap I suppose but I only remember what it was ten years ago. If you are willing to find it, by all means! It is well mantained and is a pleasure to ride with family and friends...if your friend's enjoy easy rides. It gives you a great view of the food court which is more open then the mall with the large clear front and the many skylights on top, it is common to see birds flying about in the summer trying to eat up scraps left by us. It's just adorable! This mall has a few big department stores that take up alot of room surprisingly. These include Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, Barnes & Noble, Marshall's, and Bed, Bath & Beyond (see my seperate reviews for these places). The Bon-Ton used to be here two years ago but that was demolished to make room for the new mall section which I will discuss that in a moment. This mall actually has a great selection of popular stores such as... - Bath and Body Works - Yankee Candle - Old Navy - Kay Jewelers - Christopher & Banks - Chico's - American Eagle - GameStop - FYE - Game Craze - New York & Company - Spencer's - Victoria's Secret and so much more! There is a reason that this mall is ranked as big as it is. You can spend an entire day at this mall and get a good workout out of it! Both for you and your checkbook! Each of these stores deserves it's own review but each of them are all well mantained and fit well in the mall! Overall, even with the new section, give this mall a visit! You may find yourself staying longer then you wanted!
Between Eastview, Marketplace and this mall, this is my least favorite. I enjoy that all of the malls have the same staples but they also have a good handful of stores different from each other. The mall is clean enough. I hate the layout in that you can't easily circle around the mall, it is wings everywhere. The food court is okay, has all of the places you would expect. I like that there are new restaurants to pick from and I enjoy the newer area. I unfortunately don't like the people who shop at this mall which makes me sound awful. The people who seem to gather around this mall just irk me. I know it makes me sound like a horrible person but they really aren't the people I want to spend my time around (Not that I really want to spend my time around the snobs at Eastview). It is my last choice of a mall, but I go here when I am in the area. I don't stay away for any real reason and I don't go for any real reason than convenience.
I have been coming to this mall every Saturday afternoon with my father since I could remember. I love this mall. I love the design and I love how bright and clean it is. The food court has an array of fast food restaurants available, but also provides Friendly's, Red Robin, Bar Louie, and a couple other restaurants tucked away inside. Another great thing is that it also has a large movie theater and a gym! There are many stores for clothing, shoes, paintings, animals, and electronics. If you go, go to the cinema wing and visit the Lollypop Store...they let the cats walk around sometimes and it's always fun to go in and get some lovins from the furry friends. The location is convenient, the mall isn't run down, it's clean...hard to beat. By default Eastview beats all the malls, being so upscale and in a very different location, but I dare to say that if you are looking for a mall anywhere but Victor, this is your winner, for sure.
Have you ever seen so much big hair?  It looks like an add for a 60's TV show.  I'd rather drive across town to visit EastView.  Just not the mix of stores I've come to expect from a regional mall.
Not so much a fan....decent stores..but trashy The new kids areas are great though and they do have access to many good things It is a stop and go place for me...no real staying power
All in all, a pretty functional mall. It very much reminds me of the one my mom used to drop me off at when I was a teenager ( in the late 80's!) It very much strikes that vibe to me, for some reason! Which is not to say I have not noticed their new restaurants and remodeling on one part of the mall...so points for that. It is small enough as to not be overwhelming, parking or crowds are never really issues (even during the winter holidays!) A movie theatre is right there (a bit outdated, but conveniently located). This mall has been pretty much able to provide what I want. I live 5 minutes away...I wouldn't say it's a "destination mall". No upscale or boutique type merchants...strictly "middle America".
Beautiful new addition with chain restaurants and a few higher end stores.   Love that there is a kids area as well. Hope more higher end stores are coming to this mall, wishing the rest of the mall could get redone. The dusty rose and sea-foam green accent colors really need to be updated. I'm glad to see a lot of mall security and Greece police patrolling. The mall visitors can get rough- many fights in the past.  Glad the owners invested in a mini re-do at the very least.
Oh how I've missed you...When I move back to Rochester we shall catch up. This mall is great... Okay I'm probably a bit biased due to shopping here my whole life and the fact I worked here in '11 probably adds to that, but this is like that classic mall that everyone goes to (you run into everyone at this mall) it has decent stores and convenient location..What more could you ask for? I can't wait to see the renovations where Bon-Ton used to be in person.
I liked this place better when it was two separate malls. Once upon a time there was "Long Ridge" and "Greece Towne" mall.  Built just a couple years apart, the two malls engaged in a rivalry between each other until they put down their shopping bags and shook hands.  In 1994, they unified and became The Mall at Greece Ridge.  In its present state, Greece Ridge is the second largest mall in the northeast, bigger than Eastview and Carousel Centre.  Despite the unification and impressive size, the mall still feels divided. The site occupied by the former Greece Towne Mall and the new extension is marked by modern looks, sharp brand name stores and an awesome touches on par with other Wilmorite properties.  There is no mistaking what portion of Greece Ridge used to be Long Ridge; absent are the big name stores, the benches are in poor condition and hallways are poorly lit and maintained.  Many of the stores that occupy this portion of the mall feel like they were displaced with the closing of Midtown Plaza.  Odd novelty stores with vinyl banner signage; hardly renovated from whatever store occupied the space beforehand.  One store looked like the site of a former Father & Son!  Another was a thinly disguised Disney Store.  This portion of the mall just feels like a limb with gangrene.  Yeah, its there, but it would be better if you just cut it off. With the amazing changes brought to Eastview in the past decade, I would love to see Wilmorite invest the same amount of energy and focus on bringing this mall back up to the same level.  The Mall at Greece Ridge has potential, I'm just waiting for the change to come.
Ah, this mall of metamorphosis. I remember when Woolworth's, McCurdy's, and Waldenbooks was around and when the mall was actually 2 separate malls. I even remember the Nature Store... but enough nostalgia, let us be objective with its current state... The mall is quite sprawling and is a wonderful power-walking establishment. I believe walking a complete round in the mall is over a mile (but don't quote me on that). There are a multitude of chain stores such as American Eagle, Pac Sun, Charlotte Russe, Yankee Candle, Things Remembered, Hot Topic, FYE, Spencer's, Payless, Barnes & Nobles, etc, as well as department stores such as Sears, JC Penny, and Macy's. The mall is situated with the food court towards the center and two arms projecting laterally that lead to various shopping destinations. The food court has your typical fast food and pseudo-Asian fast food: Burger King,  Arby's, Subway, Sbarro, Taco Bell, Flaming Wok. The jewelry stores are immediately adjacent to the food court. On one end of the mall sits the movie theater, which costs at least $9 per ticket the last time I looked (which was over 4 or 5 years ago), so I imagine the cost has increased since then. Pretty ridiculous in my opinion. On this side of the mall you'll find a bunch of construction clustered around the remains of a now-closed Bon Ton. This is the future site of a number of restaurants, of which I am excited to experience. Walking from here back towards the food court you will find a shoe store, Aeropostale, Bath and Body Works, Zumiez, and Yankee Candle. Turning to the other end of the mall, you'll find Sears and B&N towards the periphery, Dick's sporting goods, then Friendly's restaurant, Burlington, Rue 21, Macy's home store and clothing store, Charlotte Russe, FYE, and a coffee shop, amongst many other stores. Good things: - Variety of shops - New rule of parental/guardian presence required if under 18 past 4 or 5pm - New restaurants coming soon Bad things: - Malls are always expensive - Loud and obnoxious clientele (hence the new rule above) Overall, a decent place to spend time if you need to buy stuff or want to walk around somewhere indoors. I suggest coming on weekdays instead of weekends, as it can sometimes be slightly congested on the weekends. I see a lot of people who are in groups of 4+ and enjoy walking side by side without regard to others' paths of travel in the hallways, which seems to increase over the years. I understand it's not so much the mall, but the clientele, but will still factor that into the rating. I prefer Eastview Mall but the distance from Greece NY to Victor is preventative. I rate this 2.5 stars.
Giving this mall some slack for being the only option in the immediate area. It could obviously use some help but it does okay as it is. Most of the stores aren't the creepy fly-by-night that I've seen in other "dying" malls (or a really weird officially dead mall in North Carolina that was all sketchy knock-off stores and a Bath & Body), so I'm hoping this means this mall isn't actually dying. I have some faith the new renovation will revitalize this place, but I fear they're just bringing in more of the same. The store selection isn't overly plentiful, but if you aren't too picky you should be able to find what you need. Having the Bed, Bath, & Beyond and Marshall's both accessible from the main mall is a plus, though not common. While I do actually frequent both of these stores when in this mall, I would prefer another shoe store. Aldo's. please. pretty please? Instead of the typical mall boutique stores, this mall has been filled with alternatives to actual stores such as a DMV branch and a fitness center. I think you could successfully call this a "Community Square"... if you factor in the nearby Target with their grocery aisles, a person could actually do all the errands day-to-day life requires. Again, while I would love to see more specialty stores, the effort to keep the building full is to be commended. Even if there's still a good amount of open space. The food court is better lit than the Henrietta mall, though the offerings might be lacking. I actually try to avoid eating food court food at all costs and I was sooooo happy when Tim Horton's recently opened up by the kiddie play area. It's not so much the food I prefer, but the actual lack of eating in a food court. Inside the little corner cafe, they have a few comfy chairs in a living room setting by a fireplace (yes, fireplace) as well as a couple regular chair/table set ups. There are tall tables and chairs lining the play area for the parents to sit with their coffee. Sometimes there's a few creepers hanging around the play area so we just skip it and go straight to the timbits.... during the weekdays it tends to be just parents and kids, and the security patrol guys keep a decent watch. There's also a "store" featuring rescue kitties and the occasional bunny from Lollypop Farm. We already have a cat (old mangy thing that would freak out if we brought home another) so I feel kinda bad using this place as a petting zoo, but really what can you expect when you open up shop down from the play area? Ok, I promise, one of these days we'll take a kitty home. The volunteers that work this shop are always very friendly, even though there's a steady stream of young kids chasing their homeless furballs. The stores and common area are generally spotless. This isn't a very busy mall so it really wouldn't have an excuse to not be clean. It's too sprawling for my tastes, but I'm accustom to 2 story malls... I don't understand this one story thing it's so inefficient. Macy's and JCPenny's have escalators, but the rest of it is flat. I'm seriously starting to get teary-eyed thinking about the large malls of my past... This mall, like the other area malls, gives you what you came for without making it complicated by offering too many boutique shops like women's only shoe stores (I love shoes...). Oddly enough, they have every cell phone carrier store I can think of. I think there's still a Cingular store on the Dress Barn side (kidding, though I wouldn't be surprised). I sometimes think the mall is a high school class project for future business students... I like to use this mindset when I pass the two pretzel shops located in the same area instead of one on either side... Tip - get the warm cheese from the Pretzel Place and the actual pretzel from Auntie Anne's. Yes, you'll be looked at weirdly as you pay your $.79 for cheese and walk away, but the resulting snack is worth the three seconds of humiliation. Again, you will find what you need if you're not too picky. Just don't expect an abundance of variety. and it makes me sad...
Ok Mall.
