I so love my gym. For the price you can't beat this gym with a at home feel. Dean the owner is great and always around to answer any questions. Joel one of the managers is also very nice and knowledgable. I love their cycle classes ( Regina and Nicole are the best) the people who attend the gym are friendly and nice. I lost 56 lbs attending there and is a proud member of Retro fitness Hewlett.
I always find my favorite machine available!You cant beat paying $20.00 a month for a membership. I really love the body sculpting class but i wish they had more times for it. Also if there isn't a class going on you can do your own virtual workout and they have a bunch you can choose from. The shakes are okay and the protein bars are decent as well.
I love my gym!!!!!!! The staff is so nice and friendly. Even the people that go there are nice and greet me. I lost a ton of weight and thanks to this gym that didnt make me feel ashamed. Equipment is clean and well kept. Locker rooms are clean. Can get quite busy during the evenings but thats expected. I just go early in the morning or in the middle of the afternoons and never have a problem getting a squat rack or bench for my weight training. Cant beat the price as well.
Really great gym. I was so impressed and amazed by everything. All the equipment is new and up to date. The staff are wonderful people. I felt so comfortable there. I was trying out several gyms when I came to this one. I came to this gym cause of the day pass that I had but I'm so happy I stumbled upon this fitness center. It has everything I want and more. They're prices are fairly affordable, not like most fitness centers. They have a juice bar in there which is great as well. I don't use that stuff but I know people check for that in gyms. I would definitely recommend this gym
Excellent staff and trainers. Made the switch from another gym in the area and couldn't be happier.
Best Gym Ever!!! They also have babysitting service. The young lady is really hands on with the kids. I love taking the cycling class, the instructor pushes us to the limit. All the machines are cleaned, & up to date, I'm really impressed.... $20 a mth. $30 with babysitting
This gym is perfect for a guy like me, who spends most of the time using the equipment rather than taking classes. I joined this gym shortly before it opened in Jan 2013; they had a promotion where you didn't have to pay a $50 sign-up fee. The machines are still in outstanding condition. Most cardio machines have a mounted television, which is a HUGE plus. There's a large selection of treadmills, which you can plug your iPhone into (unless you have the iPhone 5) AND they have places to put your keys/wallet. I love their ellipticals; that's my primary machine. On their elliptical equipment, you can adjust your stride length, choose from a variety of workouts, and they have a TV. Too bad they don't have more of them! Retro of Hewlett also has a large portion of their space reserved for weightlifting, with a variety of brand new free weights and machines for lifting. Even though Retro Fitness Hewlett is a rather small gym, it's perfect if you care about the basics, and it's MUCH cheaper than most gyms at only $20 per month. It is not ideal for someone who REALLY cares about classes, but they've been gradually adding some classes over the past few months. Two negatives for me: no towels available (they only have paper towels) and parking is rather limited during rush hours.
Great gym. I love it. Brand new state of the art everything.love training here, never a dull bad workout. Good people, great staff, great hrs open till like 11 every day except sun and even on holidays. 20 a month and u can use all there spots. It's such a steal deal. Gym of the future I say
A really really great gym! The machines are in good shape, the environment is excellent, the service is great as well. The gym is very neat and clean. The locker rooms are very secure. The cardio machines have TV's attached to them which is a huge plus! One of the best gyms ever!
