Amazing how I could live so close, pass here 3209483290482 times and just came here for the first time this past weekend.  I had a coupon from the local mailer for buy one get one half ride bracelets and a coupon for game tokens.  Altogether it cost about $20 for an hour or so of fun for my kids.  Indoor rides such as a lame carousel but whatever, the kids liked it, helicopter ride, roller coaster, jungle gym type things, bumper cars and a shit ton of arcade games.  I think I had more fun than my kids did when I stuck them with my husband and bolted straight to the Pinball machine.  Then I played Skeeball with my daughter.  I wanted to play Air Hockey, but it wasn't possible.  I would have played Dance Dance Revolution, but the boots I was wearing were too clunky or else I would have challenged and subsequently schooled the 12 year olds that were already playing.  Next time I come here, I'm wearing sneakers.
Place is expensive.  If you have 2 kids be prepared to spend about $60 for about 2 hours if they want to ride the rides and do arcade gameplay. Seems to be good for birthday parties which from my experience is the bulk of their business. Was there for a bit recently and the staff person (cashier and toy counter) wasn't friendly and was borderline rude to my kid.
"Unlimited Rides" for $16.95 per person.  It turns out that laser tag and the virtual roller coaster are not included.  That means you'll have access to only 4 rides: bumper cars, helicopter ride (like a carousel), a regular carousel, and a short train ride.  Kids will find the rides entertaining for one ride each with perhaps the exception of the bumper cars. Most ot the arcade games are $1 each.  After 10 minutes worth of rides, I dropped a $20 in the card machine and asked for 1 card... but received 2 cards with $9 value on them each.  No way to cancel the transaction. There were a few dodgy parents displaying alarmingly poor parental skills when we were there.  A few bad apples... Parking lot was inadaquate for a Sat afternoon. Skip it.
Very much a spot for kids...stinks a bit.
Friday night special. Costs $20 includes food a $10 game card and rides. Great deal for entertainment for 4 yr old.
I bought a coupon online and got a great deal for a wrist band and tokens.  I took my son for his 8th birthday and he love it! He loved the rides the games and they have blowing too .  I say a great place for kids especially in hte cold weather.  It does get packed so go early to avoid crowds
Great for rainy days!!!! Laser tag, bumper cars, and a few more rides.  Video games galore, priced right.
Boy I boy what a few years make I recall going here for a relatives birthday. I remember the place was nice, well kept, and friendly employees.. In 2014 those qualities are a thing of the past. Went there yesterday for another relatives birthday party and yikes!!!! I guess I'll start with the food court dirty felt like I was in a high school cafeteria, napkins and food over the floor for anyone to step on. No employees on site to clean up,The pizza looked like it hasn't move in a few days . I guess they are using it as a prop!! My wife decided on the buffalo wings those were good no complaints there. Most of the rides weren't working, this place looks like it hasn't bought any new arcade games in years nothing new all old and worn out things to play with.. Felt like I was at a house party or something dudes were drinking liquor as their kid rode on the merry go around. All in all I highly doubt I would roll back up in here. This place needs an upgrade on equipment (games/rides) and more security around the door, kids could just walk out and nobody would see..
Just had my sons birthday party this past week and although the kids had fun, I think that the owners have no idea how much money they are losing by serving that HORRIBLE pizza. I really suggest that  you look into outsourcing the pizza or give a different option for party packages such as chicken nuggets or hot dogs. I feel like I wasted my money for the part of the food package because only two kids ate the pizza. My adult guest who arrived early decided to order a pizza pie and gave it away to a family with children because they were displeased with the pizza. I than ordered the fries/onion ring platter, which arrived to the party room Luke warm... My hostess was great about sending it back to the kitchen, only to bring it back from the cook, who thought it was ok to just replace the same fries and onion rings back into the oil and BURN all the onion rings and fries... In the process if my hostess carrying the platter back to my sons party my guest realized the burnt items and wondered how they could send that food out to anyone to eat. Not to mention it was UNSANITARY to re-drop the same food back into the same oil. I once AGAIN sent the food back and requested that we be given fresh fries and onion rings, which took another 20 minutes of the 1 1/2hr time allotted for my sons party... When you handle business like this, you lose any potential clients that are thinking about doing a future party. I think that a mgr at some point should come and check in the parties to ensure that customers are satisfied. At the end it's about the children having fun, but at 24.99 per child, a parent is expecting a certain level if professionalism. Kudos to Natalie my server.
We went there yesterday. I have 2 children, 3 & 5. We visited fun station with a few friends, while the 3 rides & jungle gym were great, it was expensive for what you got unless your kid loooves the jungle gum like mine did, if it wasnt for that,  the trip would have been a bust.  The games were expensive & broken. In order to play the amusement park games you need a game card, we put $20 on it which we flew through. Most games lasted under minute & even worse, we often swiped the card (it took off the money) but didnt operate the game. When I went to look for help, no one was to be found. The ski-ball machine had 2 machines without any balls, one machine with 4 & another with 2. The "bowling alley" was miniature. & only had 2 balls-total. The airhockey machines were missing pucks which you wouldnt know until after you already paid & majority of the machines didnt have tickets to win the prize at the end. Our friend pointed out that the games were all first edition (first terminator, first cruisin usa etc) which didnt bother me much but they werent maintenanced properly either so it was 50/50 if it would work right. The staff was elusive & the parking lot was small with tight spaces. I would not likely go here again.
This place is God-send on days when the weather is crappy and kids are already bored out of their wits in the house.  Bring them to Fun Station for rides and games, sit back and relax. The place is large, clean, staffed with friendly folks who have patience for kids.  The food court has the usual stuff for this type of venue-chicken tenders, fries, burgers, but also a few healthy options for health-conscious adults.  I brought my 2 year old here for the first time and at first, he was screaming because he did not want to get on on the rides, then he was screaming because he did not want to get off.  Make sure you get coupons from their website and print several copies because if you have more than 1 kid, they won't allow you to use the same coupon for each kid, this is the only part that seems weird to me, just a waste of paper, in my opinion.  Otherwise, the 2-12 set will most definitely get a kick out of this place.
