Great little clothes store in the Park Ave area.  Always has different things which is surprising for such a small store.  I have bought shoes here several times and they have a pretty decent selection for a very small store.  I have gotten a few pairs of Doc Martin's over the years and any time I had an issue with them they always gave me a replacement pair if I had recently purchased them.  I have picked up the odd clothing item here over the years and have always been happy. The staff is always great too, definitely willing to go the extra mile to help you out if you have questions or issues.
Have been in twice and both times have felt a uncomfortable vibe while being in this store. I wanted to like it, but was very hard to do that when the shopping experience was made to feel uncomfortable. I'm an easy going shopper, I know what I want and will spend money without hesitation. I was looking for Levis Made & Crafted or something similar, when asking if they carried that part of the Levis line, I got a response of NO like I was bothering them. After a few minutes of walking around the store, feeling uncomfortable, it was time to leave. Been twice, found nothing that I was into and got terrible attitude both times. Will continue to buy online or while out of town traveling.
Decent place. Horrible return policy, which they keep hidden on the counter behind the cash register. The only option is "Store Credit."  As most guys have stated, their selection is minimal. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the credit.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think this is the only store in the Rochester area in which a GUY can purchase a pair of premium denim jeans (other than Plato's Closet, which is okay for a quick denim fix). A lot of Rochesterians don't get the point of buying a pair of delicious, form-fitting, hand-detailed, 12-ounce denim jeans for the same amount of money that most people spend on suits, but after hanging out with a bunch of Euro kids during grad school and living in Boston for a while, I developed an appreciation for a nice pair of dungarees... I guess it's healthier than smoking. I mean, aside from cutlery, food, alcohol, my car, watches, electronics, dining out, shoes, water bottles, and underwear, denim is the one thing I'm willing to splurge on. The prices at A Step Apart are decent. For the most part, jeans here are $5-10 cheaper than at high end department stores, like Nordstrom or Saks. If you are lucky enough to find a pair your size on the sale rack, you might even save $20-50. The selection could be better. While they have several solid brands, like Diesel, 7 for All Mankind, True Religion, Nudie, and Joe's, A Step Apart only has a few styles from each brand and often, they are out of many sizes. The last time I was there, I found a pair of Diesel Larkees that I really liked, but the only sizes available were 28, 29, 33, and higher. I tried squeezing into a 29, but they cut off the circulation to my right testicle, so unfortunately I had to pass. If only they had a 30 or 31 in stock. I walked away with a pair of Joe's on clearance for about $100 and I was happy, though I would have been even happier with the non-clearance Diesels I actually wanted. In the end, while A Step Apart got my business, I would have spent a lot more if they had more sizes / varieties available.
If you're into high-end clothes and shoes this is your kind of place.  They have Camper shoes and Diesel jeans to name a few.  A Step Apart is a good store to check out if you want some really good clothes that you can't find anywhere else in Rochester. I don't allow myself to come here very often because you have to be ready to drop a decent amount of money but when I want something not from the mall this is where I go. A Step Apart also has the added benefit of being in the middle of Park Ave near Parkleigh and a ton of great restaurants.
You will walk out of this place feeling that much better cause you know you look damn good in what you just bought, except for the possible hole you burned in your wallet. (it's trendy gear so expect to pay, not over priced though). Excellent denim selection - your ass will certainly look oh so fine and plenty of belts and kicks to go with 'em.
Rock an outfit from this place and you'll definitely be a step apart (or ahead) from the rest. A Step Apart has been located directly across the street from our good friend Parkleigh for the past 14 years so it's only natural to stop in after a visit to Parkleigh(but don't bring your coffee - no food or drink allowed in this upscale store). Though not always my style A Step Apart is great for guys.  Owner Cindy Gellar has a real eye for men's fashion. Finally a store for the trendy guys in our lives. Imagine If Pauly D. and David Beckham combined their closets, there you'd have it- A Step Apart. A Step Apart carries high end lines for both men and women that include 7 for All Mankind, Buffalo by David Bitton, Diesel and Free People. Everything from Shoes to sweaters, wristlets to watches but it's the jewelery that really grabs me when I'm there. Turquoise is the color of choice here and I always seem to leave with at least one turquoise item to add to my collection.   the two story store is organized well and the staff is laid back but helpful. Though the price points are high the clothes are made well. Sales are far and few between here (except during Park Ave Fest) so don't wait for a good deal, if you need it, get it. Worth checking out especially if you're in the market for a good pair of jeans.
Everything in this store is outrageously expensive. The store clerks are also kind of a-hole-she and make it impossible to browse without being hounded down every 2 seconds. I don't shop here and I don't really know anyone who does. I'd rather shop online and pay cheaper prices for the same stuff.
A Step Apart is one of my favorite places to buy shoes in the area.  Four years ago I bought my first pair of ankle length black Frye boots and have been wearing them nearly every day since.  I remember distinctly when I hemmed and hawed about the price the salesperson went back to the owner and got me a discount since it was the last pair!  Awesome!   Since then, I've returned many times and purchased several pairs of shoes here from waterproof Keen hiking boots to opened toed, sling back Bjorns, all good quality and super comfortable.  The customer service is great and the owner is very cool....I love her little dog, Frank, who is usually the first one to greet me at the door!   They seem to have a decent selection of hip clothing as well as shoes but I don't know enough about that to have an opinion.  However, if you're looking for a decent pair of shoes in the city of Rochester, this is the place to go!
We came in looking for something in particular and willing to drop the dough on it. However within seconds we were attacked with one barking and growling dog and then had another that sat and growled at us from when we entered to when we left. We asked the owner if they would be able to get a certain shoe from a brand they already carry (Frye) and she said told us "well what we have is what we can get so uhh no" in a super condescending voice which of course added to our already negative experience and the final nail in the coffin was when we asked to try a certain shirt on ($95 short which is ridiculous but whatever) and were basically told not until we prove we can afford it. Well I'm good on never being trendy if this is what I would have to go through. I'd rather shop online then give a dime to this store.
The owners are friendly.  The dog who greeting us by barking furiously in his bed and is very protective of its owners.  The prices here are high and the quality seems good.  They carry classy and expensive brand names like Free People and Sperry.  My husband came into buy a pair of sneakers and walked out with these leathery like walking shoes from a company called Born.  These shoes cost about $120 after tax, but he claims that they are super comfortable.
Nestled right at the corner of Park and Goodman Streets, A Step Apart offers cool threads, shoes, and accessories you can't otherwise easily find around Rochester. The staff is friendly and the selection is just eclectic enough to be helpful. So whether you're just browsing or looking to drop a few bucks on stuff to make you look good -- damn good -- the atmosphere inside makes for a pleasant break from any afternoon stroll down Park Ave.
A Step Apart specializes in trendy shoes and jeans - with brands like Lucky, Paper Denim Cloth, Free People you can't go wrong!!
I've been buying shoes at A Step Apart since the store opened 15 years ago.  The owner Cindy Gellar has consistently stocked high quality, stylish shoes that my entire family has purchased and worn for many, many years.  She is knowledgable, congenial, patient, and a pleasure to engage in conversation.  I'm particularly impressed by the sale shoes they have; we just came in this afternoon and got some terrific deals that should keep us well shod for the winter.  Thanks again to Cindy and her capable staff.  You make Park Avenue a fun place to shop!
I'm not exactly fashion forward or trendy by any stretch of the imagination but I have come to know and appreciate A Step Apart.  They have a quality selection of designer jeans and for some reason the owner usually offers to knock a few dollars off to help me make up my mind.  Definitely as good as it gets in Rochester.
