My favorite beach on Long Island, and a ton better than all the ones you can find in NYC. Only caveat is the steep $12 per person entrance fee they charge during the peak summer season. It is, however, worth every penny. The sand is super clean, there are volleyball courts set up to use, and everyone here is generally very friendly. Did I mention the sand is clean?? No threat of stepping on broken seashells and/or syringes here! It's also wonderful that there's an actual beach town right near with shops/restaurants. The boardwalk was still being rebuilt the last time I was there last summer, but I hear it'll be ready this summer. If you want to splurge and avoid the crowds, I highly recommend coming to Long Beach.
This is our preferred beach during the summer, for one and one reason only. It's accessible by public transportation. Thank you LIRR Getaways! Depending on the weekend, it could get very very crowded, but the beach is big enough that you can find a spot and not feel like you're sitting on top of each other. The sand and water are clean and pretty. The atmosphere is more relaxing than a party beach, which is fine with us. We've never much explored the boardwalk for anything. Bathrooms were near the entrance and they aren't great, but they work. Not much of food options around the beach. My friends and I usually pick up bagels from a nearby shop when we're walking over from the train station. $12 for beach access, $13 for an umbrella rental. There's beach gear shops nearby where you can buy an umbrella for cheap.
I'm used to going to Jones Beach, but it's too crowded there, always hate parking so far, and I don't feel like it's as relaxing there. I haven't been to Long Beach in years, so decided to take a stroll there. It's more of a residential beach compared to Jones Beach. It's very nice, and not as crowded. It's definitely more relaxing than some of the other beaches. There's also plenty of room on the boardwalk if you wanna go for a bike ride or a run. Couple of complaints: 1. We couldn't find a bathroom when we came here. 2. There's no place to buy food on the boardwalk, however, there are a tons of nice restaurants a few blocks away. Sucks if you're hanging out at the beach and want to get something to eat there.
I have been coming to Boardwalk & Beach In Long Beach for the last 30 years or so and it has to be my favorite beach in the NYC area. It is clean, safe and I always felt comfortable swimming in the area. While Long Beach is not South Florida Beaches. It is very solid beach. If your looking for a relaxing afternoon, Long Beach is it. Plenty of elbow room even during prime time weekends. You don't have the crowds of public beaches or the rowdy Teens spoiling a beautiful day. While many may find $12 as a steep price of admission; it is worth it. Safety and comfort are my two main reasons I come here. Try buying a seasonal family pass for $120; save yourself $60 from individual passes at $80 each. Overall, I enjoy Long Beach. Plenty of free parking. A dozen or so bars and restaurants a couple of blocks off the boardwalk. If your a runner or walker the boardwalk is 2.2 miles, a great workout in the sun. Easy to get to by car and LIRR. Can't wait for Summer 2015. longbeachny.gov/index.asp
It's nice to get out of the city and hit up sand and ocean and sunshine for a little while. The beach at Long Beach was the closest one to us, and since we didn't pick up the rental car until around 1, we were in a hurry to get out there before the sun went down completely. We drove around for a WHILE looking for a parking spot, but eventually found one just a short walk from the boardwalk. We had to pay $12 -- yes $12 -- to get access to the beach. Seriously?!?! I've never paid anything to just to go on a beach. There was a kid taking money at this little shack/shed thing at the entrance. There was no one there later in the afternoon, so maybe it's just during certain hours? Maybe I'm crazy but that just seems like a lot. The water had giant chunks of seaweed. It kept freaking me out as we were swimming around because it was stuck to my legs. The sand itself was clean and they did a nice job making sure that there wasn't garbage laying around. Bathroom lines were hella long. The waves were pretty good on the day that we were there. We had a nice time riding them in, (even without a board!). Just swim fast at the right time, and you can catch a quick ride to shore. Just be careful that your bathing suit is tied on tight if you are going to do this. I experienced wardrobe mishaps. Plural. This is not to say that this would have happened differently at any other beach, just a cautionary tale.
This is one of the nicer beaches and boardwalks in NYC. I visited this beach last night and the boardwalk looked very clean. From what I could see, the beach did not seem to have any liter. Even during peak season, it is still one of the cleaner beaches.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. One of the worst experiences ever. I guess New Yorkers don't care much for freedom. I was outraged that a state would allow a beach or even the ocean to be privatized. After paying 12 dollars per person we were policed around by power hungry lifeguard kids to not swim in certain areas or to certain depths... Then at 6 PM they closed the water... Really? Closing water access? What is this Nazi Germany? We live in Florida and will never return to long beach. In fact, I propose we start charging New Yorkers for access to ours.
Nice clean beach. $12 per person(this probably deters ppl from coming, because it's almost never crowded). However it is free after 6pm when the lifeguards are off duty. The boardwalk is a nice 5mile walk with walkers, joggers, runners, bike riders and vendors
I've spent an entire summer without hitting the beach and I'm glad we went to Long Beach. PROS: - It's only half an hour away from Jamaica on the LIRR and around 45 minutes from Penn Station. - The sand is soft and white with no broken shells or other memorabilia. - There aren't any obnoxious loud people playing their music without headphones. - Food Trucks! In case you didn't bring lunch there are a few food options on the beach as well as the nearby LIRR Station. We took the Zipcar and packed lunch so we'll check it out next time. CONS: - It's $12 per person to access the beach but it's definitely worth it to get some peace and quiet and quality sun time. - Renting an umbrella was $13- CASH ONLY- and they only give them out towards the front of the boardwalk. We arrived at the back and were told they don't give them out that far. - Great boardwalk but no carnival games/rides if you're into the traditional boardwalk experience. Long Beach was great! BTW right now LIRR is offering discount getaway packages for several beaches including Long Beach- be sure to check it out.
There are a lot of parking spaces, but if you come in the weekend afternoon, it is almost impossible to find a parking lot. However, you may be able to find street parking in the residential area. It may be hard to find the spot near the beach and you have to walk some blocks, but it's free. The entrance fee to the beach is $12. I went there 4 -5 times last year, and this year I came back last week. The board walk was beautifully restored and impressed me. This wide boardwalk is divided in 3 lanes by using different color woods and putting woods in different direction. Since woods were put so beautifully, I thought it was just a design, but it has a functional purpose, too. The lane by the beach and the lane on land side is for pedestrians and the center is for bikers. Since it is not indicated on the boardwalk I didn't realize that I was walking on a bike lane, and an old biker yelled at me "Bike lane! Bike lane! Dangerous!! Dangerous!!" I thought that was funny. After that, I noticed there is a sign explaining how to use each lanes. This beach is clean and has beautiful white sand. There are no beach shops, but you can bring your own food and beverages. This time of year, the beach is crowded, but you still have enough space from strangers to have your privacy. My boyfriend told me he like this beach because there is no obnoxious people like Jones Beach. Most part of beach is quiet, but there is a area which you hear loud music from the building by the beach. I think the building is something like a hotel with pool. So as long as you avoid that area, you will have a quiet and relaxing time.   Not so far away from beach, there are many restaurants, bars and ice cream shop, so you can enjoy eating and drink there, too. This ice cream shop on the main street has often line in front. It must be good.
The boardwalk is back and better than ever! Take an afternoon and walk this bad boy. You'll see it all. People shadowboxing, at least one REALLY weird bike, seniors, bikini babes, people surfing and playing volleyball... it's all there. Benches line both sides of the boardwalk, so there's plenty of room to sit and enjoy the view. While there aren't arcades, bars, eateries, etc. on the boardwalk, it's really for the best. It's not loud and annoying like some other areas with bwalks (lookin' at you, Jersey). You can always stop for some eats in the food truck area if you get those pangs. As for the beach, yes, you need to pay to get in. People seem to be shocked by this, but you have to pay at Jones and Tobay beach as well (given you can always pack your car full of peeps at these other spots), so it's no different than other area beaches. Bottom line, the sand is soft, the water is cold and the views are spectacular. Get over here asap.
This is by far the best longisland beach I have been to, the sand is soo clean and white here. The boardwalk is brand new after hurricane sandy and its nice to just walk around or ride a bike there.  The beach goers are much more well behaved than other LI beaches, no obnoxious people smoking, blasting loud music on the beach.  Admission fee is $12 per person, but its totally worth it to get away from the unruly crowds. The bathroom is pretty clean and there is a food truck park close by with about 6 or 7 food trucks parked there.  We got fish and korean taco and they were pretty tasty.  I saw a lot of beach patrols and I heard they give out tickets if they see you drinking alcohol.   I love the beach town also, there are many restaurants around so you can check them out after a day at the beach.  Long beach is like a vacation away from home and its only about 30-40 mins drive from the city.  I will most def be back here from now on!!!
Such an awesome beach! I arrived for an open water swimming race and stayed the entire day. The beach was clean and spacious.  I had heard about the crowds but in late August, the beach had just the right amount of sexy people occupying the piping hot sand. The bathrooms and foot washing facilities are very clean definitely bring some flip flops. There are also no mirrors so you will have to feel confident enough that your hair is "surfer-cool" like in your imagination. As for food - pack your own if you are on a budget or head over to some slightly pricey food trucks.  The food trucks do serve up some yummy grub.  I had some great fish tacos which I ordered from a chill college age dude that I would've fantasized about if I were his age. Also, don't loose your beach pass.  To go on and off the beach, you must have it on you. And be sure to swim between the green flags.  "Swimming" means anything above the knee :/
Highest quality sand I have ever experienced on a US beach that wasn't in Florida. The $12 admission is well worth it and it is cheaper if you buy the LIRR ticket package including round trip fare and admission to the beach. (You get some coupons too but those are worthless.) Water is usually cold, but hey, that's the Atlantic for you. Very peaceful and calm. The businesses around the train station sell affordable cooked food that you can bring to the beach. Overall, my day trip to Long Beach was one of the most relaxing beach trips I can remember anywhere.
This beach has the potential to be phenomenal, but fell a little short on the day I went. In my trips to the other NYC beaches, this is the best. Long Beach is about an hour and a half away from the City by car. (You can also take the LIRR there as well.) The beach has beautiful sand and beautiful people. When I went in the middle of the day in the middle of the week, there were some families, but mostly young folks and couples. The water is nice and there are not a lot of rocks (or trash) as you may find at other beaches. Parking was plentiful and free -- and close to the beach, making it easy to haul your beach stuff. Also, there's a food truck park right off the beach that made it easy to get food (and an ATM.) There's $12 PER PERSON FEE FOR EVERYONE OVER THE AGE OF 12.  I put that in caps because it's not just $12 for the group or your car, it's $12 for everyone. That's probably a good thing because it lowers the amount of folks at the beach and leaves plenty of space. Also, the restrooms look portable, but nicer than any public space in the City. That's great if you are going with kids or plan to be there a while. Two really bad things during my visit, which could happen at yours, which prevent 5 stars. 1. I went on a really windy day. The fine sand from the beach pelted everyone around. It was like Dune or some post apocalyptic movie. Sand was everywhere when we left. And it hurt. It was not bad when you were in the water, but the water was a little cold -- on a 90 degree day -- so you may want to lay out. The sand prevented that. Think of Alfred Hitchcock's movie The Birds, replaced by sand. Awful. Check the wind speed before arriving. 2. THEY ISSUE TICKETS ALL THE TIME FOR ALCOHOL. Two young ladies were ticketed close to us. It looked like they may have had a PBR in a thing that holds cold beverages. Honestly, that was BS. The young cops -- who look to be 18 or 19 -- could have easily given those two Girls a warning. They were siting quietly an enjoying the beach. Since there were beer bottles everywhere, I suspect that some folks are more likely than others to get tickets. Something to think about. Other than that a nice day at a beautiful beach.
Pros: * For New Yorkers, Long Beach is one of the best beaches (my other favorite is Rockaway) to visit because it's accessible,  and very clean and well-maintained.   * Crowd is much better than Rockaway and Coney Island * You can rent chairs and umbrellas ($13) for all-day use * Great food choices from the bevy of food trucks on Edwards Blvd entrance, La Bottega (close to Long Beach train station) and Odie's Ocean Grill (food truck on beach)! Cons: * No dogs allowed * Long Beach need bike rental spots in conspicuous spots along the beach/boardwalk. If there were any bike rentals they was absolutely no advertising/marketing to know where to find them.   Tip: * If you're coming from Manhattan, make sure to buy the LIRR $22 packaged deal. When you're at the machine press Deals & Getaways - Beaches - Long Beach. You save about $13. * To find a more secluded spot, make sure to walk farther away from main entrances.
This is beach is pretty meh. The only thing it has going for it is its pristine condition. Seems to be popular with the retired crowd and families. What sucks: * too much security/police; ruins the carefree vibe; we are all adults here, and it's in the middle of suburbia * $12 entry * no bars or restaurants within a 5-minute walk * the surrounding area is a bit spread out; just apts; nothing much going on What's good: * pristine sand and boardwalk * volleyball courts I much prefer Rockaway Beach. But to each his own.
One of the most beautiful places to go to the beach.  The sand is amazing, no rocks, people are friendly, beautiful boardwalk. My favorite place to go to the beach! It also helps that it is a short walk from my parents house.  No driving necessary!
Very beautifully maintained beach. I used to visit Robert Moses but after reading the reviews on neighboring beaches decided to give this one a try as its closer to the city. The $12 admission fee definitely helps in reducing the crowds on the beach and we basically had a really enjoyable time without noisy kids and people playing music around us. So yes I do agree it is worth the price for a whole day visit. The sands and water are very beautiful and they even have nets set up for Volleyball. Lifeguards can be bit over protective about the swimming areas but they're very observant and attentive. The boardwalks were re-built after Sandy and opened last year I believe, they're really nice and brand new and even wider than I thought. There's a food area where at least 5-6 food trucks congregate. Prices are pricier than the counter parts in the city as expected but the food was decent. Parking is free on the streets and on Shore Rd which is block away from the beach there's actually room enough for angled parking. But I think it does fill up pretty fast I had to look for few minutes when I got here around 11:30AM on a Saturday. I would suggest you park farther away from Long Beach Blvd and Edwards Blvd since that's where the LIRR station is and more people coming from there. If you came through Rockaway/JFK like I did there's a $2 toll on the bridge, its a shorter and less crowded route though compare to Long Beach Blvd I think. My only gripe other than the admission was that there's no shower rooms unlike Rober Moses or at least I wasn't able to find them as the attendants didn't know there are any other ones other than the water sprays by the entrance. But the public bathrooms were very well maintain and I think even has AC inside haha. Definitely worth a visit if you want to avoid the crowds at Jones Beach and check out the rebuilt boardwalks.
This is a great beach to visit. There are a lot of local restaurants and shops to visit before and after you hit the beach and some restaurants will even deliver to the beach. Pretty convenient! It is 12 dollars to get in and that might scare some people away but it is worth it. You can always find a place to set up for the day, the crowd is respectful for the most part, and the beach is super clean. Getting here is easy too. The LIRR is right there for those that don't drive and there are also buses that get you there. Parking is free and easy for those that do drive. My only gripe is that the showers to wash the sand off of you before you get on the boardwalk don't work sometimes. I had to wash off with bottled water but it wasn't deal breaker or anything like that.
On one of the first warm days of spring, you know those rare days that are truly warm, not just like warm compared to winter, I decided I absolutley had to be out by the ocean and soak up some sun.  I am new to New York and did a fair amount of research trying to find a beach that wasn't littered with hypodermic needles and giant shards of glass.  Long Beach turned up as a good choice, so I dusted off my beach bag, found my beach towels and hopped on the LIRR. The boardwalk is really nice.  And I mean the actual boardwalk--the newly reconstructed wooden boardwalk has a pretty grain and pattern.  At least from what I saw, there weren't a lot of businesses that catered to visitors.  I was hoping for bars, restaurants, bike rental shops, but at least in the area I was in, there wasn't anything for visitors on the boardwalk.  I did find a "beach bar" a few blocks off the beach that had a 2-for-1 drink special on Sundays. The beach looked perfect from a distance. The sand has a great, light color and is very fine.  It's only when you get down into and take off your sandals that you realize there is indeed, quite unfortunately, glass and trash scattered throughout.  Not everywhere, but enough to make me put my shoes back on while walking a distance. When I went out early this spring, there were only a handful of other people (I can admit I jumped the gun...it was pretty chilly with the wind coming off the water). It's a bit pricey, I think, for what it is.  I went early enough that they weren't charging beach admission yet, but the LIRR is not exactly free any time of year. So LIRR plus beach admission?  Even with the discount, it's still over $40 for two people. I think Rockaway Beach will be my go-to local beach destination since it's next to free and I think the sand/quality is comparable, but I'll make it back out to Long Beach sometime this summer to see how the Boardwalk comes alive.
I love this beach . If you come here before 9 you do not have to pay to get in . I suggest to bring your own food for lunch . The only bad thing is there don't really have a changing area . I've changed in my car but its really private and there's nice people @ the beach. The waves are decent and you don't get smacked down and rolled all over everywhere . The sand is perfect its so soft there's no rocks or broken shells on the sand and in the water so its comfortable to walk . It does get packed but the beach is so big that people aren't all crowed up each other . The beach is clean as well as the water . Its good for families and couples . Its a must to go here .
Great place to have a nice walk along the beach. It's not that crowded when we were here on a Saturday afternoon. There was an arts & crafts fair when we were there. It was fun. We had a great time.
My boyfriend and I took the $22 Getaways deal through the LIRR from NY Penn Station to Long Beach.  Make sure you get to Penn Station early (like get there at least 30 minutes early) so that you don't have to deal with the massive crowds waiting in line to buy the tickets from the kiosk.  For $22/per person, you get a round trip ticket on the LIRR (normally $9 at the kiosk or $15 in cash on board), admission to the beach (normally $12) and then this little coupon to get deals with the local stores on Long Beach. The ride is so easy from the city - less than an hour.  There is even an express train that goes faster than the one we went on that leaves at 10:31am on Saturdays and takes something like 45 minutes.  Once you get off, you literally walk three blocks straight and you're at the beach. We walked along Park Ave to pick up breakfast and some coffee.  Instead of setting up immediately on the beach after, we went on the boardwalk to finish our cups of joe.  There are entrances along the beach to check for the admission tickets.  Once on the beach, there is a company that rents out umbrellas and beach chairs ($28 for a set of two chairs and an umbrella for the entire day), and they set it up for you (I guess to make sure you stick the umbrella far enough in so that on a windy day it doesn't blow away).  The bathroom is cleaned throughout the day and there were showers near where we were. We went along Park Ave. for dinner afterwards.  I hope we can do that again.  What a great day trip getaway from the city. As a note, one of my girlfriends drove out to meet us.  She seemed to have a good experience too, with only a $2 toll and free parking.  The $12 entrance fee was the only thing that bothered her.  Frankly though, I don't mind it too much because it keeps the bathrooms clean, the sand clean, and the beach comfortable. Also as a note, if you decide to drink on the beach, either don't do it or be really discreet.  The police are monitoring ALL THE TIME and don't mind issuing tickets.
Super cute Boardwalk. It has been redone after Hurricane Sandy. Great place to go for a jog/run, or just a leisurely stroll. To get onto the beach, you need a pass to get on. My friend has a beach house there so we used her passes. I am unsure what the fee would be to get onto the beach though. Long Beach has some great eats located along its main street as well.
The $12/person is worth it. Clean beach, no trash, beautiful water, lots of fun waves, not crowded, volleyball nets, good people, cool boardwalk, great food trucks (although the last two are available to everyone). Only gripe is no bathrooms in sight. It's always a beautiful and relaxing adventure when I spend the day at Long Beach with friends.
I really like this board walk! Great sand!!! Awesome little section with food trucks! Volleyball nets set up! Close to NYC and many awesome things! Come out here this summer and learn how to surf!
Clean and only 30 minutes from NYC on the LIRR. It's $12 to get into the beach and you can rent beach chairs and umbrellas for $15 each.
This place is wonderfully clean and peaceful.  I did, however, take off one star for the steep admission fee, but if helps limit crowds, etc, then ok, I surrender ! Lol.
I went to long beach with my bf and 2 friends. When we arrived it was pretty busy with a crowd to access the beach. After we entered the beach we eventually found a spot and wanted to rent an umbrella but the rental booth told my friend that there was nothing available. Shortly after getting settled I saw a rental agent move chairs and a umbrella to a couple. I hate to through the race card in there but we were black and the other people were white. So I shrug it off and was like whatever. After about 30 minutes on the beach cops pull up and asked us for our passes and or licenses. We all gave the two cops what they requested and asked why they need this info. They said we not suppose to have alcohol on the beach and there are signs around. I stated I did not see an sign nor do we live in the area. So I asked kindly that he give us an warning. He said he was only going to issue one ticket for $50 and I took the ticket because I just wanted them to leave. As the day preceded me and my bf walked around on the beach and I over heard these group of white folks say the cops told them to toss out there alcohol and they would not issue an ticket. I don't understand why we was not given this option. Again I not trying to blame it on race but I felt very disgusted. I will never go to this beach again.
Long beach is so strict! My friends and I went to the beach after 11 PM and they gave out $50 tickets! The long beach partol police are very rude as well. Never returning!
4 stars for the beach itself , lower for the biggest pia lifeguards around . You're 15 yrs old ... Check the attitude .  They need to take their whistle & put it where the sun don't shine .  Today they were literally in the water , not allowing people past their knees . The water was not rough at all. This is after creating a 15 ft zone with their flags . It's not safe to force 150 ppl into a funnel .  If you don't let people spread out , there's no place to go but out.   It's hot . It's summer . People would like to swim .
Can't say nothing bad.  Having the beach/boardwalk in "my backyard" is beyond a luxury.  It's a pleasure to just go and chill whether you're in the mood for a walk, run, sitting on the benches or laying on the beach and enjoy the scenic ocean waves! Ever since Hurricane Sandy they rebuilt it bigger and badder!
I never thought of myself as a beach person but with beaches like this how can you not be? Clean beaches, clean water, can't go wrong. Take a trip out here with a LIRR Beach package, $22 gets you a round trip ticket, admission to the beach, and a voucher to get a deal at one of the local merchants in the area. This is the perfect beach getaway trip. While the boardwalk is still being rebuilt after Sandy, come out here for the sand, the waves, and the deals.
The boardwalk was destroyed in Sandy but is finally back up and running!  The new boardwalk is beautiful~  Makes you want to bring your bicycle, or rent one and ride!  (or maybe run!) If you have a car, drive in early in the morning to secure good parking closeby.  Otherwise take one of the earliest LIRR trains you can take - $22 beach getaway only available from blue ticket machines - great deal.   The new food truck area is awesome - had a really healthy breakfast wrap there and some delicious coffee.  Glad that they have some food closer to where all the action is.   If you want a more peaceful beach trip, head in before noon.  After lunch, the crowds triple and it gets a bit more noisy.  (still not bad at all though)
We took the advice of fellow Yelper Rick M. and took advantage of the LIRR's Beach Getaway, which is $22 for a round trip ticket on the LIRR, a day pass to the beach, and a coupon for participating merchants in the area. We decided to walk westward where the crowds were thinner, and pitched beside the flags which mark the safe-to-swim zones for adventurous swimmers. Though the boardwalk was still under a bit of construction, the beach itself was perfect -- good weather, warm water, friendly lifeguards, tons of shops to duck in and borrow bathrooms from. Being complete newbs, we failed to realise that a) the weekend trains would be packed leaving from Woodside Station, since there's a connector to the popular Montauk at Jamaica Station and b) the return trip on the 6:30p would be even worse since the beaches close at 6. So be warned, fellow beachcombers!
I used to love Long Beach, because it has a great boardwalk, decent sand, food trucks, and an all-around good vibe.  Now though, since they've begun to charge $12 a person, I really can't help but give it a 1 star review.  Also, there are cabanas/umbrellas to rent, but these also cost money.  The only perk is free parking.  All in all, a scam, and a pretty pricey one at that.  Avoid Long Beach at all costs!  Try to get to Jones Beach (crowded, but decent) or better yet, Robert Moses State Park, on the eastern end of Long Island.  Otherwise, try to get here real early to avoid the ticket sellers.
Gorgeous Long Island Beach just a stone's throw from NYC!  Great boardwalk where you will find peace and quiet.
GUESS WHO'S BACK? BACK AGAIN?  BOARDWALK'S BACK....TELL A FRIEND. yeah that just happened.   Any way, I have 2 scars on my knee's from the Pre-sandy boardwalk. I was minding my own business running, then a nail sticking up caused me to trip, fall on my face & my knees.  I had a bruise on my face, scratches on my arms, and 2 giant bleeding scabs on my knees.   The scars are still on my knees...and I'm still bitter. But NOW.....the boardwalk is smooth, you can even walk on it with no flip flops!!  It's wider, and better looking then before.
I love this beach. I hadn't been here for a few years, but I came the Friday after July 4th this year and it was fantastic. It was $12 per person to get access, and if you leave they stamp your hand so you can get back in. The beach was clean, the water cold, the people friendly. They have sections for surfing and sections for swimming, so if you're just swimming stay between the green flags for safety reasons. The boardwalk still isn't opened, they were in the process of rebuilding it when I was there. While that sucks it's no reason not to go. Honestly, the only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because the shower areas where you could wash and change weren't rebuilt either apparently. It makes getting out of your bathing suit and clean really difficult. But still definitely worth the trip.
Yesterday was the first time that I went to long beach with one of my friends & my boyfriend & I've got to say that it wasn't all that great. We decided to come here because we have never been here & decided to give it a shot because we have heard so many good things about it. $12 per head for a beach ? That's the first thing that threw me off. There's other places where parking is cheaper. I personally don't think that you should have to pay per person to go on a beach. Second thing, A LOT OF FREAKING SEA WEED in the water which wasn't very fun to deal with. It felt really nasty & it was just all over the place. I would have to say, this is my first & last time coming to this beach. My only reason for giving this beach 2 stars & not 1 is because of the nice, quiet area (no ratchets) & the nice soft sand. Never again.
The new Long Beach boardwalk is a welcomed improvement from the old boardwalk, which was destroyed during Sandy. It's a great, soft surface for running. Love it!
I have been going to Long Beach for about 10 years. It's my favorite!! It's about $15 to get on the beach, but I feel that it's completely worth it! It's also free parking.  What makes it so great though, is not so much the beach, but the neighborhood. The beach is pretty much just like any other but cleaner - always a plus! There are lots of places to go besides the beach. You don't need to pack lunch and if you run out of drinks, you can walk to the liquor store! It's basically just a strip of bars and restaurants! I'm going Friday for a bachelorette party and can NOT wait!! We're stying at the Allegria which is absolutely beautiful, with it's gorgeous bar and rooftop pool area. In the past year or two, it seems as though more people are starting to discover my little paradise called Long Beach and it is getting a bit more crowded.  No big deal though. This only seems to happen around New York Ave, near Vito's Clam Bar (not sure if it's still there after the storm but I definitely hope so). If you venture away from this street, it's a bit more quiet. Wish I was there now!!!!!!!
The boardwalk was a nice way to end a sad trip.  This was the first time we got to see the damage from Sandy but we were impressed and surprised with how quickly Long Beach is bouncing back. The beach was just how I remembered with the softest sand in all the land.  The waves are still calmed by the jetties.  And the beach entrance I have always used is still undiscovered.
The $12 is a little steep but worthwhile for your peaceful beach day experience. The boardwalk is only half way done so you will have to walk a little more to get to the temporary public restrooms.   Soft sand and plenty of public parking is a plus.  Try and come early to find your perfect space.
Much as I've enjoyed experiencing divine beaches in Costa Rica, South Africa, Australia, and California, I'm SO not a beach snob. Hell, I grew up on the northeast shore of Long Island -- so I understand that the water can be cold, rocks exist, people's tattoos can be tackier than wet glue, and sometimes you have to be careful of fishing lines while you're swimming. Yes, Long Beach is crowded (sometimes painfully so). And the MTA train-beach package deal has gone up in price to $19. Still... give me a soft-sandy ocean beach that is generally well-kept, has a lovely boardwalk, is within walking distance of restaurants, and is an easy hour's train ride away from Manhattan, and I can be a happy, happy little clam. Or scallop. Or some other bivalve...
Awesome beach. I am so glad my friend convinced me that the 1.5 hour drive from Manhattan was worth it. The beach is clean. There's tons of space. There isn't much attention to alcohol consumption. Lifeguards are alert. As other Yelpers have mentioned, do yourself a favor and walk east or west from Park, where most people seem to settle. There's no reason not to walk down farther and have more space to spread out. Be careful of the horseshoe crabs! They are out there... Also, my friends got in for FREE by going through a hotel's entrance to the beach. Not sure I'd be so daring to try it, but consider yourself informed.
Ok, there needs to be a billboard about this deal somewhere because even though it's a bit crowded, not enough people know about it.  For $17 you get a round trip ticket and entrance to the beach - it's a quick jaunt on the LIRR and it literally drops you off RIGHT at the beach. You can see the boardwalk from the station. The beach itself may not be the most beautiful I've ever encountered (that title belongs to Menorca, Spain), but it's big and clean enough and has plenty of cheesy beach shops and restaurant where you can buy towels for $1.99 and a burger and fries for $6.99. Trains run about every hour, so whenever you're salted and fried enough, just hop back on the LIRR and you're at Penn Station in no time.  Easy, breezy, beautiful, Long Beach. (Shhhh...dont' tell Cover Girl I stole their slogan).
Came here last week for two days and loved it! The beach is clean and water is nice. Lifeguards everywhere. Doesn't get as packed as other NY beaches. Wish parking was easier. You do have to pay to get on the beach - but I would rather pay and get a clean and less crowded beach anyways. The boardwalk is back up and looking nice. Wish there were more food options. Can't wait to go back!!
I can't believe out of the almost 500 reviews I've posted, I completely forgot to review one of my favorite spots in the NYC area. While I never went for a long stroll on the boardwalk, this beach is my go-to beach, even though I'm a solid 35 minute drive away (no traffic). I feel like Long Beach has every amenity I need in a beach: -fine, clean sand -a nice, clean and wavy shore -plenty of bathrooms -ample room to setup shop -ample parking (even by the constantly busy Edward Blvd.) -tons of shops a block or two away - everything from surf shops, to restaurants, to drug stores -a laid back vibe with a good mix of young folks, families, locals and out of towners -plenty of spots to rent umbrellas, chairs, paddle-boards, etc. Sure, $12 per person, per day is a bit rough and taking the the $2 tolls into account by the Atlantic Beach Drawbridge, you're looking at almost $30 for two people even before lunch, drinks, snacks, booze, etc. It's worth it. I'd take this beach over Jones in a heartbeat (sorry, Field 4 was cool when I was 17) and since this is closer for me than Robert Moses, Gilgo, Captree, etc. Long Beach is always my first choice. My ideal summer day is coming out here, getting all the sun and surf I can handle, washing up a bit and heading to grab a bite to eat and a few drinks at one of the multiple bars/restaurants on W. Beech Street. Can't really beat that, in my book.
My drive to Long Beach was so horrible, annoying, frustrating, stupid, insulting, and embarrassing. No details provided. But it all melted away when I arrived. What a gorgeous, breezy spot. That day was probably around 90-95 in the city, but I was perfectly comfortable out there in the sun and sand. The waves were a bit rough, but a perfect temperature and totally safe for jumping around in. It was not crowded at all! My parking spot was free! What a gem. So worth the journey, and worth another.
I Dont Know why People Complain about Having to Pay 12 Bucks For a Clean Beach. when there are Plenty of other Dirty Beach in NY like Coney Island, Far Rockaway, and Chocha Beach. have Fun Pulling the Corona bottle Shard out from your foot. and yes that was a baby diaper that just floated by. That Being Said If I have to Shell out 10- 12 Bucks for a Clean Non-polluted  (air,noise and sand) beach then so be it. MTA has great package deals that you can buy straight from the Machine just select beach getaways ( 19 from Penn station 16 from Jamaica). Ps. There is a five guys and a burger King right outside the Train Station.
If you're hoping to be deafened by a cacophony of screaming kids and screaming people, well, you're at the wrong beach! Coney Island is the other way! That was what pleasantly surprised me the most when I went to Long Beach for the first time during Heat Wave 2012, Part 3: even though it was crowded, the beach wasn't noisy at all! I turned to my friend, dumbfounded, and asked her, "are we still in New York?" That wasn't the only thing: the sand and water were clean! No broken glass, no used diapers (ewwwwwww) no plastic bags, and no seaweed! (well, it could've just been that day but the water was so clean and refreshing I had no problem keeping my eyes open while swimming underwater). To get there, the LIRR has a beach getaway package for $21 from Penn Station, which also covers the entrance fee of the beach. It takes around 50 minutes to get there, and is a short walk from the train station- just follow other beach goers as they travel as a pack to happiness on the sand. Even though Coney Island is nearby, this is my new go-to beach on the weekends!
People take care of this beach and it shows! The water is eh, but passable for NY standards (I cringe at the waters of Coney Island, Orchard Beach, Riis, etc). Admission is $12 per person, that's steep! Nature is supposed to be free! It sucks that NY is the only place where people have to pay to enjoy nature. For what it's worth, you get to enjoy a soft-sandy beach within commuting distance. It has a lovely boardwalk, well-tended, and within walking distance of restaurants. You have an option of either driving or taking the LIRR. Options are always a plus to me! Don't forget to bring snacks and drinks before entering. Once you lay down, you'll regret forgetting those items. Relaxing on the beach will make you too lazy :-)
Long Beach is nearly perfect. Soft, soft sand, long boardwalk, good people watching, etc. The regular entry price is a bit steep, but they put that money to good use maintaining the beach and the boardwalk. It also, as two of my friends said on separate instances, keeps the "riff-raff" out. Who uses the phrase "riff-raff"? Apparently my friends. I took advantage of the LIRR package from Penn, which was $21 per person (normally an off peak ticket to Long Beach is $16.50, so technically it was less than $5 to get on the beach, not bad). It was a little confusing to find how to buy the tickets on the machines, but you need to choose "getaways" on the main screen. A LIRR employee also told me that the red ticket machines don't have that option. No clue why, but there you go. The delis (and most stores in the area) tend to be a little to a lot pricer than places on the "mainland", so if you can, bring in your food and snacks. You are allowed to bring coolers on the beach, but no booze.
This is the beach I've been going to my whole life (before I discovered Lido West)  It's been a long time since the summer of '96, sneaking onto the LIRR and hiding in the smelly train car bathroom for a free ride to the beach where my friends and i would slip underneath the railing, sneaking onto the beach unscathed with a backpack full of St. Ides Special Brew. I will always hold a special place for LB in my heart, despite the fact that they now charge over $10 per person to get onto the beach.  The beach itself is clean and the town is full of nice people for the most part, except for the gangs & illegal alien infested tenements behind the supermarket,  but mostly hipsters - especially the West End.  I even lived here briefly, but my liver couldn't handle the constant punishment.   What would make the Long Beach boardwalk perfect is if there were some nice waterfront hotels, restaurants, lounges and/or entertainment along the shore.  I'm not talking trashy freak show like Venice Beach, but something more like Atlantic City minus the casinos.
Oh, Long Beach isn't good enough for all you classy Yelpers writing bad reviews FOR A BEACH - well it's a beach and a clean ocean 45 MINUTES from the city. If you don't like it, stay in brooklyn you douchbag. And to the girl who wrote "there's too much seaweed in the ocean" - i would tell you to kill yourself, but Yelp would just delete my review.
This certainly isn't my favorite beach to visit in Long Island, but you know what? It's pretty close to NYC (50 minutes from Penn Station to Long Beach, 40 minutes from Woodside) and it's a really quick walk from the Long Beach train station. So there... now you've got no excuses about why you "can't" leave the city this summer. You can, and you should- for the sake of your sanity and lungs. Coney Island just won't cut it as "a day at the beach" for me when I'm afraid to get in the water, or lay in the dirty sand without a blanket. Clean white sandy beaches, fresh sea salted air, and a stroll on the boardwalk (bar and restaurant included) awaits.
Just a few miles out of Manhattan this is one of my favorite beaches and with a boardwalk down the stretch it is fantastic for people watching, power walking, bike riding and just relaxing. After 6 pm you don't have to pay the $12 daily fee so if you happen to be like us and can't manage to get out of the house until 4pm and don't make it to the beach until 6pm, you can go for free!  Or you could just hang out on the boardwalk all day for free too. As non Long Beach residents a season pass is $80 for one, $120 for a family. longbeachny.org Or if you take the train out to Long Beach there is a getaway special with round trip fare along with a beach pass for $17.50 from Manhattan. mta.info/lirr/getaways/B…   Parking can be a lesson in patience but the further from Edwards Boulevard that you try for the better chances you will have.  The train also stops on Edwards so your will find the biggest beach crowd in this area as well. If you fancy, you can rent a bike for a half hour, hour, day or month and breeze up and down the boardwalk for a small fee.  Pricing info here: decobikelbny.com/pricing… See you there!
I've been coming to LB since I moved to NYC in 2008. Its such a nice escape from the hot, sweaty, smelly city I love. Its super easy to get to from Penn or Jamaica Station, and on Saturdays they have the "silver bullet" train that leaves at 1022, with no stops. It goes straight to LB in 40 minutes. The beach and boardwalk are a very short walk from the train station. If you want to go to the west end, there's a bus that is usually coordindated with the train schedule. The beach is beautiful, and clean. The residents are pretty mindful of their trash and LB makes it easy to clean up after yourself with rubbish bins at each entrance. The boardwalk isn't anything special. Its bumpy, and most of it is old. I would rather take the streets for a smoother ride on my cruiser. Its great for people watching though. :)
One of my favorite places in the whole wide world. Gorgeous, well-kept, CLEAN boardwalk (none of that jersey shore/seaside boardwalk animal house business). The 2.5 mile boardwalk is great for a long walk or a nice run, and decent for bilking. Only one spot on the boardwalk for real sustenance (Allegria). The boardwalk is more of a park, meant for leisure, not for shopping or dining. If you don't have a beach pass, hitting up the beach during the summer will cost you -- $12ish a person just to touch the sand. The teenagers working the booths and the rent-a-cop bike cops are strict with this too, there's no sneaking on. FANTASTIC beach. Closer you are to Edwards St and the beach closest to train, the more people there are.
For my 100th review I wanted to review something near and dear to my heart.  Long Beach is the perfect candidate with the long board walk, wide beach, bars, and restaurants all within walking distance. This is a great place to take a date for a drink and then stroll on the boardwalk afterward.  I have seen many beautiful sunsets here that I will never forget. Long Beach is also great if you live in Nassau and don't feel like melting on the Meadowbrook Parkway trying to get to Jones.  You can use local roads and side streets to get to Long Beach from much of Nassau which makes it even more desirable for me. A great and picturesque place that I am sure I will be visiting for many, many years to come.
While diamonds may be some girls' best friend, but for me, the beach is my hubby. I can spend my entire summer lying out on the beach..if only the world was that perfect. The Long Beach has become my favorite spot for the summer. Despite a $12 entrance fee, I would rather pay the beach to have people clean it up than lying next to bird poop or human by-products. The beach goers are generally friendly and easy-going. Not too many rowdy people like you would see at Brighton Beach or Coney Island. The only inconvenience thing about this beach is that there are not too many vendors or restaurants along the boardwalk, which could be a good or bad thing. But when you really wanted a nice, cold bottled water, you would either need to spot the vendor by one of the entrances or walk 2 -3 blocks out to the main road for the delis and grocery stores. If you want to save and be prepared, definitely pack up before you go.
Best summer getaway! You can either get their by train or car. My friends and I were going to take a train there, but then we changed our mind last minute to drive there instead. First we were afraid of not finding any parking spot, but, Voila, the town just graded and leveled the parking space right by the entrance. It was very convenient. Saw some of the sedans and vans got stuck in the sand though. So make sure you drive 4x4 to park in there; otherwise, you need to keep looking for a parking spot nearby. With $12 entrance fee, you will get to enjoy the beach with lots of volleyball courts. You can also rent an umbrella and two beach chairs for the whole day for $28. The weather and water was perfect. Not too crowded like Jones Beach. I really enjoyed my time there. I'm definitely going back again this weekend.
Amazing beach!!!! It's incredible to me that I have never been here until today. We got off the LIRR and walked for 5 Min's and were right there. The sand was white, mostly clean an so soft. We got some decent sun and got nice tans. There were no lifeguards on duty so it was pretty freeing and lots of people were in the really really cold water. I know for sure I will b coming back to this beach. I want to go with a group, for the price we paid it was worth it. It was nice and quiet for the mos part which is always nice for Andres who slept like a baby most of the day there. Lol. This is for sure my go to beach from now.
Love the new boardwalk.   It's 20x better than pre Sandy.  So some good came out of that bitch of a storm.  I run on it 3x a week.   It's beautiful.
This beach is 20 minutes from where I live. Beautiful white sand ;-) The water is eh, but really, water along the East Coast is like that, so for East Coast standards its good. Last year was bad though, lots of seaweed. I even found some in my bathing suit when I got home ;-) The beach is well tended, and people take care of this beach and it shows! But really...$10 for admission!! Thats steep. NY is the only place I have ever paid to get onto a beach. I thought Nature was free, but I guess not in NY. Its about 1 hour from the city and the LIRR has a special deal for $18 which includes roundtrip from Penn Station-Long Beach and admission onto the beach! So if you need to get away from all the concrete, Long Beach welcomes you ;-)
Only 30 minutes away from Brooklyn but easily feels like a new state! The sand was so soft, the water was nice and the vibe was perfect! Everything was clean, from the boardwalk to the beach, to the water! Came here with family and we all had an amazing time playing on the sand and in the water! P.S. Some days there's apparently music on the boardwalk--sounds awesome if you can catch a performance!
Pretty nice beach, my favorite NY beach thus far. Note, you'll have to pay $12 each to get into the beach. Must pay at Paninis and Bikinis, the cafe. We drove from Manhattan, it was about 30 min. without traffic. The toll is $2 each way, so $4 total. I wish someone had told me all this earlier, because I was unprepared... It's much cheaper than going to a Pool in manhattan, and not as crowded as Rockaway beach or as ghetto as Jones beach. I suggest you go here!
Have to echo many of the other reviews of Long Beach...the LIRR package deal makes it all worth it.  $19 gets you round trip transportation (50 minutes on the express train...no stops!) and discounted admission to the beach.  The beach itself is a mere 5-10 minute walk from the station.   As one who had frequented Jones Beach as a teen, Long Beach was a breath of fresh air.  Long stretch of sandy area with lots of space to spread out.  Only bummer is the rigid water rules.  You're only allowed to swim in certain areas near the lifeguards making the water pretty crowded.  Plus you can't go below your shoulders, in other words, NO SWIMMING.  But for someone like me who likes to do no more than dip her feet in the water, it's not a huge deal.   Umbrellas and chairs cost $ and volleyball courts require you to bring your own nets (or rent them I suppose) and there are no food stands or vendors on the beach.  But if you come prepared (i.e. cooler with food) you should be fine.  Definitely am choosing Long Beach over Jones Beach from now on!
After commuting back and forth from Queens, I recently moved in with my boyfriend/fiance, who lives right off the boardwalk. The sunrises are enchanting, and the sunsets mesmerising. In the summer, nothing beats evening strolls along the boardwalk with your loved one. Or picnicing in the sand with friends. Or sitting alone on the breakers, watching the seagulls dive in and out of the water. It is beautiful, peaceful and somewhat quaint. In the summer there are block parties and church festivals with carousels and cotton candy. People ride bikes here, and pride themselves on constructing strange double decker bikes! Decent restaurants line the main drag (Park Ave.) as well as a big Waldbaums. But it is difficult to find inexpensive, fresh produce. I lived in Flushing and was used to the abundance of Korean markets with the freshest, greenest bok choy, spinach, etc. In Long Beach, you can find some good produce at a small Korean produce store (The Fruit Bowl), or an even smaller selection at Bob's Health food store. It is surprising that such a fitness-based community doesn't have more produce available!! Luckily I have enough to do in Queens that I'll cover my produce needs there... But as far as NYC beaches go, this is the best. The beach is well maintained, the lifeguards are excellent, and there are plenty of places to find a cold drink and respite from the sun. Once you start coming to Long Beach, you'll probably find yourself loving it more than all the other beach areas in NYC.
Picking a spot on a beach is a science.  You have to weigh all variables in a short period of time and be able to anticipate the future.  Here are the rules that go into my variable formula: - You want to pick a spot slightly away from the entrance to discourage lazy people from piling up all around you. - You want to pick a spot on the border between the red flag and green flag to optimize the space around you. - You want to pick a spot near the water, but not close enough so that high tide doesn't force you to move or too far away that you can't see your spot from the water. - You want to pick a spot next to couples only.  If you sit next to children, expect an errant frisbee / ball or to get sand kicked on your towel.  If you sit next to more than one female, expect to hear the most inane endless conversations about he said, she said for hours. - You want to bring an umbrella for two reasons: 1) The sun will eventually beat you down and you'll need a rest.  2) It helps identify your spot from the water so you know where to look and walk back. But enough about my traumatizing beach pet peeves.  Long Beach is my favorite beach in the NY area.  Since they charge admission ($12), there is a level of exclusivity to keep the riff raff away.  The beach is clean, patrolled, the waves are rough (so you know you're at the beach), and I never have trouble finding parking around the Avalon apartments (I will now after this review).  My favorite post beach routine is to have lunch at Paddy McGee's.
It's  clean, fresh, bright and everything you could want in a really good beach, also the boardwalk is great although lacking some commerce it's really a great place for a jog or a bike ride. Not much else to say here that already wasn't covered by other reviews.
Never turn your back on the Irish... or the ocean.  Luckily, my beach AND boardwalk is so calming and delightful, you don't HAVE to turn your back on it.  Its cleaner then the beaches in certain ghettos (ya'll know who you are), you dont need to hop over dirty syringes to get a spot.  Some people may be turned off because you have to walk a block to hit the majority of the stores, but to those people I say "a little walking won't kill your fat ass".  If you head all the way to the end, you can do pull ups at Vito's and play with the guidos. My advice to out of towners: hit up the store before hand, get some snacks.  Go to the beach and make a left or a right, if you go directly across from the train station you're obviously going to be in a busy part of the beach - you don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.  Us locals don't sit there, we ain't stupid.  The locals (ahem) are friendly friggin people that will do tricks for quarters.  And when you're done at the beach, you can swing on down to my west end for some ice cream and happy hour, or my Biddys (my new favorite bar on the east end) or WHATEVER your little heart desires.  We got it all. except.... If you want to see a side show, stay in coney island. You haven't lived, till you've lived at the beach!
White Sandy Beaches...along a well maintained boardwalk...with the summer breeze flowing in the air refreshing everything with that sealike aroma...yup...that's Long Beach, LI, NY. And I am very thankful to know amazing friends of mine with an awesome condo a block away from it all.  Yup...I am very lucky indeed! From the couple of times I have been there, although it does attract a fair number of avid beach goers, I've found that the area of the beach where my friend Kimmie S. lives is not excessively crowded.  That's always a bonus. And talk about a perfect place to people watch.  Definitely makes it nice to spend a weekend anytime and grill / hang out with cool peeps!
Boardwalk?  Beach?  What's not to like? I ran on it at 5AM all the time while marathon training.  The occasional homeless person could be found on it at that time, however I was never attacked.  Again, what's not to like?
Far less City Folk here compared to Jones Beach yelp.com/biz/479VZi9cLNb… because without a town resident in the group it is $16 or so to park, opposed to $6 for the residents.  I take the LIRR out to Merrick and then we drive over.  It is a nice place to relax. Check the tide forecast before you go, sometimes there can be a ton of seaweed in the water, oh well though. The public restroom houses are all pretty good considering they are beaches.  Lots of private stalls, stocking can be hit or miss so check first.  Every now and then there is an unusable stall, but what else can you expect from a public restroom?  Better then expected 3.5 Flushes
I really wish I lived closer to this beach. One of the best beaches I have been to for sure. When I first came here I was a bit surprised and annoyed that there was an entrance fee. But when I got there and compared it to Coney Island beach I understand why they need the money. There are a lot of people working with the security checking that there is no alcohol on the beach, it's very clean here, and very safe. All of these factors are important to me and I'm happy to pay the 12 usd for it. I bought the package price from Jamaica station with LIRR ticket and beach pass for a discounted price. It got kind of costly coming here every weekend, but you get what you pay for. Here you can do anything you want at a beach. It can get really crowded on a Saturday and even hard to find a spot to put down your towel. I appreciate that it's so clean here. Best time to come here between 11 am and 6 pm. I think you can enter for free after 6 pm and during that time the beach seems to attrach less well mannered people. It's also cool just walking on the long board walk, sometimes they have big fairs here where you can buy lots of stuff on the boardwalk and different kinds of food. Sometimes there are concerts on the beach in the evenings. You have a lot of options for food when the fairs are on the boardwalk, but other than that there is not much to eat, should be at least a few restaurants along the boardwalk. For a bigger meal you need to walk back up to the main street across the train station. Lot of safety both on the beach and in the water where safe swimming areas are marked with flags. They always check that people don't go into the water unless it's safe, this is good for families with kids, safety seems to be very much in control.
I remember going here over a year ago on my "10 Beaches during Summer" fiasco (did 9 thank you very much). Liked it then, like it even more so now. Visited a friend Friday eve with no idea of the impeding summer concert series fireworks. As we approached the beach (around 9pm) the sky was literally 2-3 shades of TURQUOISE (my fav color). Astonishing. Never seen anything like it in my life. And the fireworks were the most incredible I've ever seen--even better then the Independence Day ones a week earlier in our nation's capitol! They made CIRCLES, HEARTS, A SMILEY FACE, STARS... An the trippiest thing I ever saw, which was some fireworks shot low in a line and a tiny flock of fireworks (that looked like a silver bee swarm)  followed them left and right! It was fkn CRAAAZY!! They ended with a bang too, and lasted much longer than D.C.s. I was a happy camper. Even more so lying out on the beach later that night (right before the cop car came), and looking up into a sky full of stars!--Which I never got to do with all the light pollution in my prev city. Amazing. And then my friend points and said "Omg, I think that's The Big Dipper over there"... Incredulous, I turned and looked, and looked... Omfg... It WAS The Big Dipper!!! That was so cool!!! I always thought that constellations were something astronomers *say* you can "spot in the nighttime sky", but without untrained eyes--or in most places, you couldn't. But we did! Then the next day we did the pass-back for the beach pass (my little secret  of how ;) and the sand--much more pristine than say Coney-- was scorching hot. So he had the brilliant idea to shade-bathe in a little sand-cave, so we sat up the chairs underneath the boardwalk (sit under benches above to avoid sand in your eyes from feet traffic.) Cool breeze, free Monster Energy drink from beach promotion.... Perfect. There's an awesome swank hotel beachside too. Just pay your bill & tip your waitress, unlike these 2 a--holes--a man & women who had to be followed by the waitress (then bouncer) for just casually strolling out despite being confronted for not paying their big bill--which comes out of her (waitress') paycheck.
My home. I bet none of you remember the arcade!! that place was awesome! Long beach is still somewhat a secluded place and the cops hateee out of towners..\ I used to go underneath the boardwalk and stick dollar bills threw the cracks and trick people LoL! Sometimes throw broken beer bottles at the homeless under the boardwalk also. You will always find me past Franklin were the Boardwalk ends...less people the way I like it.  Go on a weekday not a weekend!! Back in the day Long Beach used to be a shit hole....really bad. thats why my family moved after we had bullet holes in our car on park ave.
This is one of my favorite boardwalks.  It's relaxing and quiet compared to the other boardwalks I've been to.  There isn't much to see entertainment-wise and that's fine by me.  There is no one sitting on the boardwalk, begging you for money or asking that you watch their "show".  There is something extremely calming about this place. The beach is gorgeous.  I refuse to go in the water since 1) I can't swim and 2) the waves intimidate me but I do enjoy laying out on the sand and people watching.  There are not many food options on the boardwalk itself, however, there are plenty of yummy restaurants and whatnot around the area.  The train station is also only a short walk away so pretty much anyone in the NY metro area can stop by.
5 stars is a high rating, but it's a nice place. I go here every single day that I can, even though I live on the Upper West Side in Manhattan. It's worth the trip. I would lower my stars to 3 or 4 because the actual town of Long Beach is a bit sketchy. But, hey, you're going to the beach, not the town. Go early. The earlier the better. The train is packed. You want to run to get a seat. And for the return trip, get there 30 minutes early, or you will stand the whole way back to Penn. Get off the train, and head to the grocery store across the street. Get some beach food, and head over to claim your spot in the sand. Please remember to put your alcoholic beverages in a Hello Kitty sippy cup, or you will be fined $50 by the Beach Police. I kid you not. Ridiculous. This also would cause me to lower my star-rating. The beach is very very clean, and those B.P. actually keep it from becoming a rowdy place. Set up your umbrella and towels outside of the flags that mark the 'swim-friendly' areas, because it gets really crowded there. Be aware that there are often jellyfish and stingray days. Even a few shark sightings. Well, it IS the Atlantic Ocean though.
Chuck K. should be ashamed of himself for giving long beach a 1 because of the nonexistent boardwalk. Guess what buddy this town got dezoned by Superstorm sandy so why don't we just cut them a break here?! Seriously! When I came here Sunday they had two lines set up one where you handed them your mta slip if you were like me and got it discounted a la beach getaway and they gave you an official long beach pass to get stamped on the other line. Easy peasy! The beach itself is gorgeous and is miles and miles of clean, white beach. And to top it off you can take the lirr train directly to long beach from penn and it's an hour each way! And the beach itself is a mere 3 block or so walk from the train! Love this place.
I'm glad I went once, but I probably won't go again.  It's an hour from Penn Station and then $10 entrance fee.  My friend stepped on several large pieces of glass but fortunately didn't get cut.  I've been to a lot of beaches, and Long Beach is one of the dirtier ones I've seen.  There was all kinds of garbage on the beach and floating in the waves.  I felt really gross after getting out of the water. FORTUNATELY, the showers by the bathrooms are cold and powerful!  So wonderfully refreshing!  The bathrooms had toilet paper and soap at noon, so that was all I could hope for in a beachside toilet!  yay!   The lifeguards do their job pretty well, too. It was nice to get out of the city and feel a couple ocean breezes for several hours.   However, I'd like to find one that is more secluded and relaxing with a few options for shade.
I really enjoyed my trip to Long Beach.  I went out by train from New York City, which was very easy and not too expensive and only took about an hour.  There were a ton of other people beach bound with blankets, and bags, and chairs...and even some surfboards.  The train station is only about a seven minute walk from the actual beach...very convenient.   Once at the beach, my admission for the day was $12...not terrible, especially since it was very clean and they do have lifeguards.  I was given a card good for the whole day, so I could go on and off the boardwalk and beach and into town for lunch easily.   I do wish there was more to do on the actual boardwalk...there are no restaurants and very few vendors.  Also, you can't have alcohol on the beach which is a bit of a bummer.   Overall, it was an awesome day and I really didn't realize how easy it is to get out to the beach for a day...and I've lived in NYC for more than a decade.
What to do on Columbus Day when it's 85 degrees out?  Head to the beach! We made the one hour trek on the LIRR here, and luckily, we scored a free ticket from the machine (someone forgot it there?).  Also, this place charges $12 over the summer, but it's free in October!  The plan:  only come here on off-peak, yet sunny days. There really isn't anything on the boardwalk-none of those outdoor seating restaurants, or any restaurants, deep fried...anything, etc.  But you can bike along the naked paths. Not as clean of a beach as described, but maybe it's because there's no entrance fee at this time.  The water was cold, but you got used to it after a bit.  Ahh...a relaxing place that's a good size to lounge around and work on that tan. My boo wanted to bury himself in the sand, but it was too cold (esp. compared to Brighton Beach).  Aww...
With all the yelping, I've gotta balance it out with some running...ok jogging...ok, ok walking on the boardwalk!  This is the best time of year to go.  It's not too hot, not too crowded, and extremely peaceful.  In the summer it makes for romantic evening walks and something to do that's not eating. That being said, I wish there were more restaurants along the boardwalk.
I grew up on the Rockaway Beach and always wished that they could get their act together, and be more like Long Beach. Fine dining, good bars, a movie theater and so much more. Easy access from the city on LIRR. Summer is almost over...get your ass to Long Beach! Check out Gino's Pizza for lunch or dinner.
I'm from California and I thought beaches were supposed to be free...? Oh well, I'll pay $12 and think of it as a tanning session :) The sand was nice and I didn't have to be cautious about stepping on trash (which is why I guess California beaches are sometimes so damn dirty). The birds didn't steal my food and I was able to get a nice tan. I'd say it was a pretty productive beach day in my book! Also, we came on a Saturday afternoon and parking was really easy to find. I was surprised parking was free and plentiful! Quite a rarity in California!
This was by far the best beach I've been to. I used to go to Jones Beach, since it's cheaper, and this beach puts it to shame. Now that I know someone who lives in Long Beach, we can use his passes to get in for no extra cost. The people who check passes don't really look at them, so they can be used for anyone. Compared to Jones Beach, the sand is cleaner, the walk from the entrance to the water is much shorter, and there are more attractive people. People played football, horseshoes, frisbee, and catch. We mostly threw around a nerf ball in the water. It bounces off the water, so that was a fun trick. There are a number of great restaurants near the beach, so you don't have to buy overpriced beach food, like at Jones Beach. I did get a slight sunburn, but I can't blame this beach for that. I plan on going again tomorrow.
Had a wonderful, soft -white sandy day here on the beach!! Lots of people - great place to people watch, tan, read, relax. Went in the water and it was fine - although choppy, but lots of fun! The entrance fee can be as low as $3 if you buy it along with your LIRR pass at Penn Station.
Live in NYC all of my life and have never been to LB until now!!....I love this beach. Clean sand, huge waves, one of the top cleanest of beach water and a utopia of hot surfer dude eye candy ;)
Long Beach sucks if you are not a resident, and do not have a season pass.  They charge per person to get on the beach, and you have to buy your pass before entering at specific locations.  For a parking fee and not per person, Jones Beach is way better and has many more amenities!!! I used to go to Long Beach 6am, and the beach patrol would walk the beach at 8 am harassing people, waking them up if sleeping, to make sure they have a pass.  Seems like communities love to figure out ways to make beaches, that should be public, acccessable and free - private and for themselves only, like the Hamptons where parking is not allowed in the public streets.
Take the $21 train from Penn Station and 51 minutes later you find yourself at the end of the line where you get off, cross 2 busy streets and walk under the boardwalk seeing no signs about no boos.  Enter for free (from your LIRR pass) and get fined $50 for drinking on the beach. It was a fun day and still cheaper than driving a 5.7L V8 truck.  Beach was clean and not that packed on a summer Friday. Best yet there is a Five Guys so on the way back grab yourself a tasty burger and fries.
Sand is amazingly soft...can't believe the contrast from Coney Island. Wish they would open the public restrooms before Memorial Day though.
Spent almost every weekend here this past summer. The $10 admission is pretty steep but compared to the other beaches around I understand. Go, spend the whole day and enjoy...It's like a vacation well for a day, but it is so worth it. The sand is beautiful white, The water has been pretty warm and clean. And its so nice to watch the surfers.
I have been going to Long Beach ever since I was a wee little lad (have since moved to land locked Colorado, then Northern California, and finally back to NYC!). Even after all those years gone its great to see that Long Beach is still as awesome as ever!! I usually grab the LIRR from Woodside and it takes a whopping 45 minutes to an hour to arrive at this beautiful Seaside Town. From the station a tiny 5 minute walk has your mind far separated from the concrete jungle that is New York. The cost is $19 (recently bumped up thanks to our wonderfully incompetent MTA) for a roundtrip ticket and beach pass. Now, I'm sure you're wondering: why pay for the beach when you could go to one of the city's beaches for free? I feel like I shouldn't have to answer that, BUT I will. Let's see: it's remarkably clean, there's volleyball courts at your disposal, and it's OUT OF THE CITY. If I want a day at the beach, that HAS to include the feeling that I left the city completely behind. Taking the dreaded A to Rockaway doesn't count. I'm still on a miserable subway. No thanks. When you arrive at the LIRR station, be sure to hang a left when you exit and go to Waldbaum's for snacks and supplies. Growing up in U.S. West Suburbia I grew accustomed to supermarkets the size of city blocks. Although I've seen bigger, this market still reminds me of suburbia, once again a departure from the city! A beach day must be physically and mentally relaxing!! My one gripe about the Long Beach area (specifically around the LIRR station) is the influx of chain restaurants such as Five Guys, Burger King, etc. Way back in the day there were just the local businesses. I liked that better... OH! also, as some other yelpers have mentioned, the lifeguards are VERY strict with the water rules. You are constantly being yelled at to move back over to the crowded parts. That kinda sucks, but I guess it's all in safety. Also, if you plan on boogie boarding, Long Beach is NOT your beach of choice. It used to be, but they've gotten really strict on allowance of boards. I hear Jones Beach has better waves for that anyway!
Summer in Long Beach. It can't get any better. Long Beach has a great boardwalk that's clean and well maintained. It does suck having to wait for over a half hour to get a decent parking spot where you live but who's complaining when you wake up to hear the waves crash and see a beautiful beach right in front of you.
For those in the city its close enough to get away without being away and for everyone on Long Island the price keeps this place a fun safe gateway for some much needed sand. You will have to deal with some of the locals who feel like they own the beach and feel its there duty to sit close to the water and try to start something with anyone who gets within a 5 foot radius of them. Either you ran to close to them or your football that happened to roll within 2 feet of them or anything else anyone under the age of 40 does besides read  4 feet off the water where any sort of activities are taking place. However once you make it past these townies feel free to enjoy the day with great sand pretty quiet crowds and a very laid back atmosphere. The beach is incredibly close to the train station where there are tons of bars and places to eat. The only drawback is it is now 12 dollars to enter the beach which is very high but if you travel the LIRR you can get a discounted ticket included with your fair.
Long Beach is a great getaway for anyone who doesn't want to spend a ton of money nor time during the commute period.  Only one hour away from NY Penn Station, Long Beach has great waves, foxy people & clean beaches ... had an amazing time.  My only gripe is the lack of any boardwalk activities.  I strolled with my girlfriend for an hour on the boardwalk & we only passed one or two food stands (they're cash-only, btw) serving up the very basic pretzel, hot dogs, nachos & cheese, etc.   This trip cost me a total of $21 and this included the beach pass.  I would definitely recommend leaving earlier in the day to avoid the massive crowds of people on the train.
I didn't realize I've never written a review for my favoritest boardwalk in NY. Man, I'm bugging. But of course count on the chilliness of a crisp August night to remind me of the much warmer summer nights I spent out here. Oh Long beach. I love you. That's it. That's the whole review! ....Nah, I'm just kidding! But I do really love Long Beach. The boardwalk of Long beach truly is nothing special. You may get run over if you're strolling in the bike lane but that would be you're own fault. Watch where the hell you're walking! Not really any shops. Mostly apartments or condos or whatever. Basically, mad housing. It'll only make you jealous if you can't afford to live there. The board walk is always very clean though. I mean ALWAYS! There are water fountains located near the bathrooms. It's only getting three sgtars because honestly there isn't much to do on the boardwalk. You'd have to walk a few blocks up to find restaurants and stuff like that. As much as it hurts me to give the board walk 3 stars it really is just a-ok. If its too late to go on the sand, there are plenty of benches to sit on on the boardwalk. A plethora of benches actually and they are quite comfy. Perfect for snuggling up next to your sugar plum and watching the waves crash in the darkness of the late summer's night. (I got all poetic at the end. I KNOW ya'll like that. :::snap snap snap snap:::)
Came here on Columbus Day. Entertainment: 1 star. Nothing to see, move along.  The boardwalk is just a long board walk without games, no people dancing and bumpin and grinding. (Coney Island at night seemed like a big dance party). Food: 1 star. No deep fried oreos, funnel cakes, nathan's hot dogs.  No random vendors on the beach hustling water and Coronas or even beach towels.  Some folks may consider that a plus. Beach: 5 stars.  Probably the cleanest beach I've seen, and the waves were pretty calm.  There was plenty of shore area to lay out your blankets compared to Rockaway. I think I would prefer coming here since it's a comfortable ride on the LIRR vs the endless stops on the Subway to Coney or Rockaway.
It's only hour away from Penn Station, and the train station in Long Island is only a 10 minutes walk away from the beach. The sand is very white and clean - fantastic to walk through with bare feet.
Welcome back boardwalk. We're so happy to have part of you back. Just wish it wasn't $12 to get on the beach. Scam.
I know the boardwalk took a lot of damage via Sandy. I came here for the first time this summer last weekend and the boardwalk looks amazing! It is one of the nicest boardwalks and views on long island. Got here kinda late in the afternoon so I didn't get a chance to hit the actual beach but that too looks to be fully repaired. Considering some other beaches in the area are still closed that is amazing feat.
Nice relaxing place reason y not the 4 start cus got food sick eating the calamari but still a great place to go too
I admit, when it comes to Long Island I'm a north-shore snob, so I don't really venture to south shore unless its for something good. Long Beach is a GOOD reason! Went here today for Mother's Day because the sun was out but there was still a good breeze so not too blistering hot. The sand is very white and granulated, it feels so good to walk here barefoot. This beach is so beautiful, very clean and well-maintained, safe for kids and dogs. The boardwalk area has a biker's path in the middle, and plenty of benches alongside it so you can sit and watch the beautiful water on a clear day. Within walking distance are plenty of nice restaurants with outdoor patio dining, and the LIRR station is nearby as well so you don't have to clog up the parking/streets of this great beach community. I'm really glad I found LB :)
Great beach, nice long boardwalk for walking or biking. Cute Main Street area two blocks away with great restaurants. In my opinion it's worth every penny to keep out the riff-raff and have a nice enjoyable day at the beach. SOO easy to get to with the LIRR.
believe me! it is really looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong beeeeeeach!
Boardwalk is still under reparation after Hurricane Sandy, but the beach is awesome.  I've been coming to Long Beach for sometime now and always enjoy it.  Very family friendly beach. No food areas so you should pack a lunch.
long beach.....i heart the shit outta you!.....the review from pinky and the b, or whatever the hell that chicks serority sisters nicknamed her, is completely WRONG! the only way someone would not love long beach is if -they are rich, waspy assholes from wealthier parts of new york or connecticut -they hate friendly, fun beach people that long beach is inundated with -they simply hate fun -they hate a variety of restaurant/bar options -they hate the combination of perfectly beautiful surf-able beach with the convenience of city life and everything it has to offer anyone who has written a bad review about the boardwalk not accomodating their need for food/water/shade is just plane friggin lazy and a huge whiner........its a freekin beach!!!!!.....and ur pass allows to go in and out.....its a great freekin area....take your fat lazy ass off the beach and go walk around this amazing city and go find water and food and shade and a freekin beer!.....then return to your spot on the beach......oh and definately start conversation with the locals.......they're amazingly coo-coo!!!.....but friendly.....the most friendliest part of new york
Came here on a family outing day trip last weekend. Amazed how beautiful the sand and water were. After playing in the water all day we drove down to where the boardwalk has reopened. It's sparse but a great sign of good things to come. One note: they have a discounted family pass for up to ten people but its not available at every entrance. As a matter of fact where we entered they said no such pass exists. After further prompting we were guided accordingly.
I go to Long Beach at least a few times every year. At just an hour's LIRR ride from Atlantic Terminal, for $19 round-trip including beach pass, it is a decent-enough beach to make for an easy summer getaway that I can pretty much take on a whim. (Make sure you buy the tickets/pass combo at a ticket window, which is unavailable at a machine, else you'll have to pay a bit more for it when you get there.) It's best to go early as despite the cover charge it can get pretty crowded, but at least that same charge seems to keep out most of the riffraff. You still get a wide assortment of personality/body types here, from cartoonish eurotrash in Speedos to fat moms to obnoxious frat guys who say "bro" a lot, but I've never really run into anyone too terribly annoying. You will also spot the occasional topless sunbather of course, though not nearly as much as you will people who really should be wearing much much more. The sand is soft and clean, barring some ever-present random wood debris in certain patches, and the water is generally nice albeit a bit of a crap shoot. Over the years, the water has been: so acidic/salty it made my skin feel like it was burning; filled with so much seaweed it was impossible not to emerge from the ocean looking like Swamp Thing (and equally impossible not to eventually succumb to the urge to start a seaweed-clump fight with your friends), not to mention the horror of coming home, taking down your trunks, and finding dried seaweed wrapped around your most delicate areas; strewn with dozens if not hundreds of small dead jellyfish. And on my latest trip, the ocean floor was sparsely dotted with crabs that would pinch our feet whenever we were unfortunate enough to step on them. (My friends and I each stepped on about three, with each person skeptical it wasn't just a crab-shaped shell or rock until it happened to him next.) My main complaint, however, is the lifeguards, who are about as douchey as you'd expect a lifeguard on Long Island to be. There they sit, on their giant mound of sand like some sort of d-bag king (or king dbag) of the beach, herding every swimmer into what feels like a single 10-foot patch of ocean, which of course makes it nearly impossible to bodysurf without plowing right into say, a filipino kid on a boogie board, or an old fat man who is more mountain of wrinkles and shoulder hair than actual man. Of course, having confined everyone into such a small area that they barely even have to turn their heads, the lifeguards never actually DO anything 99% of the time, yet are still exceptionally crabby. They seem to delight in angrily yelling and blowing their whistle seemingly at random, and then getting even more annoyed at how long it takes you to figure out it's you they're yelling and whistle-blowing at specifically, despite being just one out of dozens of swimmers crammed into a 10-foot space and rarely if ever being able to figure out exactly what it is you're doing to draw this whistle-ire. They're the type of lifeguard where you sometimes consider pretending to drown just so they have to do something to earn their paycheck besides being an asshole. I mean, I can think of worse things than being paid to sit on the beach all day, y'know? Oh, and naturally the public restrooms on the beach are dark, dank, sandy, ungodly filthy and smelly horrors I can't even imagine setting foot in after seeing them once. But luckily, there's a much much larger, very very public, uh, toilet right nearby that's very well impossible to miss. In more ways than one.
Was just here this weekend - beaches were clean and sand was silky smooth. Get there early as it does cost 12-15.00 per person to get on - we found a huge free parking lot near the trapeze school and food trucks at Riverside - That made it so worth it - food trucks amazing - awesome lobster roll and a completely organic/free range truck with fresh fruit smoothies - yum and I feel great! The boardwalk was nearly done and it is spectacular- what a great job awesome time Lotsa jellyfish - but figure thats just an august thing.
i lof u looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­ooooooooooooooooooooooong time.
I moved in with my boyfriend and he lives about 30 steps from the Beach! Although it's cold now, it's nice for us to have dinner on the balcony, to walk on the beach after work and for our friends to come out to our lobster broils. It's not too bad of a drive to the city and I have a few favorite places that I love to eat at when I am in the mood to eat here! It's nice to take a step back as I work in the city, to enjoy something completely different.
I like long beach, its decent. It's not the coney island board walk, or rockaway beach, or even Jones beach boardwalk...this one is a lot more quiet.  There are no shops or food stands in fact there's nothing.  For anything like that you must go into the town itself (the main road park ave).  The town is cute. A lot of good places. The boardwalk and beach to me are great, but I give it two stars  because this beach is so expensive for no reason. Beaches in queens and Brooklyn are free, and this is coming from someone who was raised going to point lookout and lido beach.  There is nothing wrong with the beaches in queens so BOO HOO long beach, and sorry to all city folk who waste their money on LB and fare to get there (or  gas money for that long drive!!).
Ugh, maybe it's the Florida girl in me, but where I was born and raised beaches were free.  Completely free.  Here, you pay $12 to gain access to the beach.  Seriously, $12?  Are you kidding me?  Completely unacceptable.
Long Beach is clean, safe beach surrounded by an almost quaint, small beach town. On the boardwalk, there's a faded bike lane. On the sand, you might see adorable, astonishingly spunky but endangered American Oystercatchers with offspring in summer.
I came here a year ago with friends and I loved the boardwalk where you could rent bikes and such. Sadly, the boardwalk is gone and it's currently under construction. The MTA LIRR getaway package is $22 including off peak round trip fare ($9 each way if bought separately) plus a beach pass ($12 if bought separately). I would recommend going early if leaving from the City since the train does get packed and if you get to the beach through it's main entrance, you'll have to wait in a long line. When you buy your tix at the train station, you have to trade that tix in for a beach pass at the beach so yes, it's a long line (10-15 minute wait) if you beat the train rush. At the beach, there are lifeguards, chairs and umbrellas for rental ($10 for umbrella for the day), plus bathrooms to use and change. Overall, despite the boardwalk being down, it's one of the easiest beaches to get to from the city without the crowds that Coney Island or any city beach attracts. Also a 10 minute walk from the train station which is located by liquor stores, grocery stores, Burger King etc.
In my opinion, this is the ONLY beach to come to from the city or the five boros. I can't speak for other beaches farther out on Long Island, but Long Beach is THE BEST! I hate Jones Beach, its crowded and the crowd itself is rowdy and quite ghetto at times. Long Beach is a true beach community. It's clean, the people are friendly and the beach itself is family friendly. It might be a bit more costly to enter the beach ($12 per person) than it is to go to Jones ($10 a car load) but that is why keeps this beach cleaner and more respectable in my opinion and it's something I do not mind paying for a relaxing day at the beach.  There are also some great little shops and restaurants in the area, if you have time to dine after getting some sun.
We went to Long Beach to get away from the 911 chaos. What a shame , kind of dirty, but  what can you expect from Long Island.  It could be worse, it could be Jones Beach. I guess it is okay if you have never been anywhere but toxic Long Island. I probably won't be back. If you are used to my reviews you know I am world traveled and have been to beaches around the world. But I prefer the clean beautiful Jersey shore to the cancer cluster of Long Island. ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/art… There are hardly any  waves and though I know there was a surfing competition recently , I don't know what Long Beach did to get into the competition because the waves are side waves not straight on. But we could not get out of New York. For a close New York beach I prefer Rockaway! The Long Beach vibe is very tired! The people in Long Beach act as if they have never been anywhere else for the beach or food. Most of the restaurants are pretty bad too! If you like Long Beach stay there! I will take Rockaway!
I can see how people from California wouldn't like this place, but as a New Yorker you take what you can get and Long Beach is pretty nice in comparison to a lot of the other beaches around (Far Rockaway = dirty, Coney Island = well....also dirty and also kind of scary).  It's only an hour from Atlantic Station in Brooklyn and if you get the season beach pass it's a pretty good deal.  It does get crowded though so if you don't like listening to other people's conversations then you might want to go elsewhere.  I love eavesdropping so I don't mind.
Heaven on earth.... need I say more.
Yea its a million times better than Coney island is now. Maybe not Coney island back in its hay day but there are no gangs no shootings or stabbings or riots every weekend. The beach is peaceful like its supposed to be.
Long Beach is my main beach destination yo! Pretty clean, good clientele, plenty of shops and eateries and a long stretch of white sand. I read 3 Harry Potter Books here. Easily accesible by LIRR, 30 minutes from Jamaica and 45 from Penn. $10 a day pass at last check, so get the LIRR combo. Jim has YELPED!
Come before 9am so you don't have to pay to get in. It's relatively clean and much more quiet than Rockaway Beach in Queens. My favorite "local" beach for sure.
I live here and I love it! Wouldn't change it for anything.  So much fun  in the summer with the beach, bars and nightlife!  :).
September 2008 I moved to Long Beach, one block from the Boardwalk and immediately fell in love with this area. Where else in New York can you chill on the beach all day and then hop the train to a crazy night in NYC! Can't wait to tear it up this summer!
Favorite beach to get away from NYC on nice summer weekends. A bit pricey at $12 per person, but its a great beach and worth it for a day trip! Not as crowded as Jones Beach and easy to get to from the city through the LIRR.
One of my favorite places to go walking during the afternoon or late night during the summer. It's very peaceful compared to Jones Beach.
What Long Beach is good for: - a quick getaway from the city (less than an hour on the LIRR) - a day of sun, sand, and ocean - convenient location in a town with a supermarket, coffee houses, and lunch options (though a lot of chains are around now) - a relatively cheap day ($19 will get you a roundtrip ticket on the LIRR and all day beach pass) - plenty of options for frisbee, volleyball, etc., and generally enough room to partake in these activities - a clean beach What Long Beach is NOT good for: - surfing or boogie boarding...the waves simply aren't that impressive - a quiet or relaxing experience (thanks to its proximity to the city, this beach can get packed very quickly) - post-beach drinks or dinner right along the beach because guess what, there aren't any options for that! (you have to go back over to the main strip to find anything like this) I've been going out to Long Beach for three years whenever the urge has hit. It's as easy as taking the subway down to Penn Station and jumping on the next LIRR out to the last stop along the Long Beach train line. There's a supermarket that's literally a two minute walk away from the train stop where you can stalk up on ice, a styrofoam cooler, water, sandwiches, and snacks for the day. The beach itself is about a five minute walk from the train station. Be prepared though...this beach gets PACKED. I've been here on days where I've been swimming in the ocean, get slammed by a wave, and end up crashing into someone else directly behind me (to be fair, she did decide to park herself right behind me and I can only do so much about the force of the waves). Trying to get onto the beach can be arduous at times as well. Yesterday my friends and I had passes from the LIRR and were told we still had to stand in the long line with people trying to purchase passes. Thankfully we knew of other locations to get onto the beach, and found the next one over that let us on immediately. I've been going out to Long Beach for three years, and it is easily my "go to" beach destination whenever the urge strikes. It's definitely worth it.
The Beach is clean, Boardwalk is another story and won't be ready until November 2013
I simply love this beach, is clean, neat, no drama, no drunks (maybe a couple of them here and there, but not OD like Coney Island), the lifeguards are actually paying attention. I drove out here with my peeps to get away from the City, due to my surprise it was a very quick drive(thank u GPS). Yes, I paid to go into this beach, it was worth it. There's a Burger King a couple of blocks away, ate it on the beach. I must say that I love this beach and I spent a great Labor Day there. And of course it gets 5 stars.
How I LOVE white sandy beaches! This beach was REALLY clean. They had recycling bins everywhere which is great. People can bring coolers in with no hassle. Although your not suppose to bring liquor in, it's nice not to get hounded at the entrance. $10 is what it costs to get in, but def worth it from compared to the other beaches in NY.
I am biased... I hate the beach. I hate sand. I hate humidity... you know what I don't hate? Vests.. okay that was a joke (not really) but I also don't hate the ocean. I like this place at night. It's a good place to go for a nice long walk, listen to the ocean, and play your ukulele gently over it. The beach gets packed during the day.
This is one pretty boardwalk. Went to visit my aunt in Long Beach this summer, for the first time, and to my surprise she has 2 beautiful apartments right on the boardwalk. I ran it twice and it was just great. I absolutely loved it. I wish I lived here!
During the summer its really expensive to get in. You have to pay per person (unlike other beaches where they charge by the car) however the beach is nice and clean. They have gentle waves and there is an area where surfers can surf! Long beach has a beautiful boardwalk! You can walk or run or ride a bike on the boardwalk! Parking is free bc u can park in the neighborhood!
I love the Long Beach boardwalk!
Pretty nice and much cleaner beach than ones available in the boroughs. The $2 toll and $12 fee keeps the riff raff out.
The Long Beach Boardwalk and Beach is one of my most favorite places in the world!!  I live in Baldwin, 10 minutes away, but feel like I'm entering a different world at least 5 times a week, when I go to walk the 2.2 mile boardwalk, spend the day at the beach, or go for dinner and drinks at night.  Everyone seems healthier..... running, biking, surfing, swimming, sunning, it inspires you to get into the spirit! I usually go to the west end  where the beaches are mostly residents and everyone knows each other, from families to singles to seniors. The parking is non existent  because Long Beachers park their cars at the end of day Friday, and don't move them all weekend.  (luckily my brother has a driveway, a rarity).   My favorite time of day is 3 to 5 when the heat of the sun starts to burn off.   I'm over this weather and am dreaming of Long Beach! Check out the City of Long Beach web page to find out about free concerts held thru out the summer.
$12 now to get in at Long Beach!? Per person, not per car!! Wha!?! But despite the higher prices, crowds are controlled here since more people rather pay by the car at Jones Beach. Parking is free if you can find a spot along the many residential streets. If you frequent the beach that often, a non-resident season pass is $80 which will pay itself off after 7 visits. A non-resident family season pass can be scored for $100, making the deal even sweeter if you have a spouse/children. The beach is kept clean with patrol driving up and down the beach in a SUV constantly, with clean white sand running for a couple miles. There are a series of rock jetties as if the road (i.e Lincoln Blvd, Franklin Blvd, Neptune Blvd, Magnolia Blvd, Washington Blvd, etc.) continues into the water  The rock jetties are basically a line of rocks that juts out perpendicular from the beach out to the water for about 50 feet, thus dividing up the beach. I believe it is to prevent beach erosion, but it also helps to section off the beach for surfers, body boarders, kids, etc. With its nice boardwalk, many shops, and well-maintained grounds, it somewhat justifies why you must pay the $12 to get on the beach. It's also very convenient from the Long Beach LIRR station, which is only blocks away.
Gorgeous way to traverse Long Beach, instead of walking on the parallel streets.  I might as well have a beach and ocean view, right?  During my trips to long Beach, the boardwalk has functioned both as a route to travel around Long Beach, and as a destination for entertainment...there are outdoor concerts and festivals all along the boardwalk in the summer, and is one of the best places to watch multiple fireworks "shows" (professional and amateur) on July 4th.  Bike lane is in the middle, and you can walk or jog both ways.  I like how it remains very residential and doesn't have commercial kiosks or theme parks junking up the boardwalk. The beach is one of the cleanest I've encountered, but since it is the Atlantic Ocean, the water tends to be very cold and is pretty active in the waves department (good for surfers).  The sand is very light colored and fine grained, so bring sunglasses for the glare, and don't even try to get all the sand out of our sandals...just rinse it out.  Lots of lifeguards keep an eye on everyone, lots of street parking along any of the neighboring streets (though it does get very crowded on the summer weekends!).  The boardwalk is only a couple of blocks from the LIRR, and you can purchase a daily beach pass at the entrance...or befriend a local who may have guest passes :)
less crowded than jones beach. if you are a tourist parking isn't easy but it's free. only have to pay to get on during season. the beach is pretty clean, the city takes care of it. they have boardwalk fairs for one weekend in july and one in august.  volleyball courts available. bike rentals available. free concerts in the summer
Long beach is simply AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Been here more than 10 times now. From NY penn station, LIRR train is available (only an hour away) and they also have beach package ($21) which includes LIRR round trip and discounted beach admission ticket!!!. Long beach is located about 5 min walk from long beach station. They also have five guys burger next to across from the station!!!!!!! (one of the most amazing fries&burgers!!!!) Unlike coney island, long beach is REALLY CLEAN, very organized and no ghettoness at all LOL. In fact, long island can't be even compared to coney island or most of jersey shores in many aspects!!!! if you want to relax and have a wonderful daycation, i highly recommend long beach!! beach umbrellas and beach chairs are available for day rental. (~until 5PM) Weekends are somewhat crowded, but weekdays, not crowded at all and so quite and peacful!!!!!! i love long beach so much!
