My review is for the spa portion only.  I have not tried any of the services at the salon as of yet. I have tried two of their services: - Elemental Nature Massage - Hot Rock Massage Both were great! My favorite was the first one, and I think it's because I just really liked the particular massage therapist's style - Allison.  She was fantastic.  I have Degenerative Disc Disease in my neck which causes a lot of tension in my neck, back and shoulders.  I walked out of there feeling absolutely no tension, a fantastic feeling.   I am sincerely looking forward to going back. The salon is beautifully decorated and provides very nice customer service, too. Thanks, Joseph Christopher!
Never Again. I had a gift certificate so I had to go back this time and I realized why I continue to swear off this place... My gift certificate was for a face and body treatment at the spa, a hair conditioning treatment and what I thought was a trim and blowout... but more on that later.. They showed me to the locker room (1 sink 1 toilette, no spa facilities such as steam room or sauna). I changed and waited for my spa treatments. My technician came to get me, we walked down the hall to our room (all other spa treatment rooms appeared empty). She instructed me to take off my robe and lay face down because she would begin with the massage. When she returned I pointed out the fact that I was on a facial type bed (bent in the center so that you can sit comfortably face UP... there was no place to rest my head so I was forced to rest my head on my hands and my belly sank into the middle of the bed where it was bent. I told her that I was uncomfortable and she shrugged and handed me a towel to prop under my stomach so that I didn't bend backwards as badly and she stated that it was only a 15 minute massage. After pinching my skin and not in any way massaging my muscles I was relieved it was over and my back and neck were hurting from laying on this type of bed the wrong way. She then instructed me to turn over and she began the "facial." She told me my skin was dry and I needed a more expensive "hydrating" facial. I declined. Then she preformed the facial and at NO POINT did she use any steam! Just a hot towel... I have been to spas all over the world... spas on remote beaches in Fiji, the caribbean, etc and I can tell you that every one of those spas used a steam type of machine prior to extraction to soften the skin. Not Joseph Christopher Salon. The facialist at Joseph Christopher squeezed my pores while they were ice cold. Before I left the facial she tried to sell me a number of products, all of which I kept declining. Finally the facial ended, and I was told to proceed to my haircut/ conditioning treatment. Jet introduced herself to me in the middle of the salon and then as we were standing there next to a woman having her hair blow-dried, Jet begins telling me that I should upgrade to a different type of conditioning treatment. (She didn't touch my hair, ask my about styling, she just asked if I wanted to "upgrade" and pay more.) I declined.--Then a woman with blue hair, shampoo"d and then "conditioned" my hair and combed it so forcefully from the crown down that I was sure she was breaking my hair- she created a huge knot that she had difficulty getting out and I actually stopped her and offered her to let me finish it myself. Now I sat down with Jet and pointed out that I never received any conditioning treatment. Jet informed me that the conditioner in my hair that was left for 5 minutes (really it was 5 minutes) was the conditioning "treatment." Jet then asks me what I would like and I said "a trim, 2 inches max." She has me stand up (because my hair is very long) and she begins clipping away at the back of my hair.... Then she gasps and comes around the front of my chair and tells me "Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry but I was supposed to tell you the price before we begin... a haircut with me is $80 dollars." I tell Jet that I have a gift certificate and she sighs in relief because she said it doesn't matter then and the certificate will cover the cost. It took her about 5 or 6 minutes to trim my hair and then she blow dried it very nicely so I was happy with the look and feel. I went to the front desk to check out and then received the "icing on the cake." I was told I owed $80 for the haircut. I showed them my certificate which said some type of nonsense like "pure hair treatment blah blah with blowout.." Nobody told me this didn't include the haircut (until after the haircut had begun!). I told the woman at the desk that I was really uncomfortable with the whole experience and pointed out that my certificate definitely included the wash/conditioning and blowout... so $80 seemed like a ridiculously high number. She knocked the price down to $38 and acted like she did me a huge favor. Thanks a lot. At that point I asked where the manager was and she told me she was the owner. I told her that my brother had bought me this certificate and it was intended to make me feel pampered. I told her that from the minute I walked into the spa I was repeatedly asked to upgrade my treatments. Why was my $280 certificate even sold to my brother if it was so "inadequate?" and needed so many "upgrades?" The owner told me that plenty of her customers are satisfied with this experience and the stylists/ technicians need to see your hair/skin prior to selling these products. No offense but they didn't even touch my hair or sit me down before trying to upgrade me. So nice try! That's the last dime you'll get from me. I'd spend double at the Mandarin Oriental or the same at the Borgata and actually feel "pampered."
This place needs a Tabitha's salon takeover!  I dropped in for a same day massage appointment.  I was greeted at reception by one girl, then escorted to the locker room by another, and then I finally met my "experience provider" all giving me robotic dispassionate lines about their policies and procedures.  Each of these encounters was far less than a spa experience and more like a dry introductory college seminar.  In the massage room, we reviewed my sore spots and then she offered me optional additional services before I undressed, a classy touch. I then spent the next 50 minutes basically having her literally pour oil on me and rubbed it in using barely any of her hand that is required for the deep tissue massage I was promised by reception.  I felt like I was in a car wash more than a massage.  At the end, she gave me her private card asking me all kinds of questions angling me to be her private client.  To top it all off, on checkout, I was told that they automatically add 20% tip.   In short, these girls need more training and someone to invigorate their passion for providing customers an experience.  I was really disappointed in what I would consider the nicest spa/salon in Long Beach.
Gift card ordered online got lost in the mail (my assumption). I paid a $15 up charge for FedEx. Doris told me the gift card was shipped via FedEx but had no tracking (bad sign), then she let me know that she was going to send another replacement card. Never received any gift card (1st or 2nd). So, perhaps she was not being honest with letting me know she shipped/or did not ship the cards. Or, there is a serious flaw in their online ordering system. Either way, a bad experience. And wasted time. Mistakes happen, everyone knows that, things fall through the cracks, etc. It's the companies that own up to mistakes without being deceptive that will get my business. Take a pass.
Don't buy gift cards.  Your friends/family can't use them on specials.  It makes zero sense.  Terrible policy,  bad for business.
I live in the area and thought I would try a spot closer to home rather than commuting to the North Shore every month. I came here today for the first time and I feel like I am a victim of a bait and switch. The website says single processes are $60 and up. I called to make the appointment and the girl said the price is $70, okay that was not a huge deal I am used to paying around $73 at Nubest and Salon Pop both well known and high end salons. After she does the consultation and I am already dressed in the gown and settled, she tells me the single process will be $90 because of my hair's length. I didn't really feel like I could leave seeing as I had already been in the salon waiting for twenty minutes. I allowed her to complete the color knowing I would never come back and also seething in my head because Elizabeth Arden, Red Door doesn't even charge $90 for a single process on my hair's length. I just feel ripped off. No single process is worth $90. Come on Joseph Christopher, you are not Bumble and Bumble you are a south shore salon... Get real. To make matters worse my blow out, which was $40 was just plain bad. The hair is flat on top and has scattered curls lacking definition on the bottom. My hair came out very frizzy and the one product she used made my hair feel like straw. My grand total today was $130. This is a real rip off, my color is exactly the same and the blow out is crappy.
I have been going to JC for more than 11 yrs! And I must say I love the ladies there!! Monica and Dora are amazing! Monica has been highlighting my hair for 11 yrs.. I trust her and she does a fantastic job with my highlights. I really enjoy our talks over the years!   You will love Monica!! Dora cuts my hair and does a great job cutting my hair!!
I've been going to JCs for a couple of years now - it took me a little while to find someone in the salon and spa that perform the services the way I like them; but now that I'm a regular there I find them to be very accomdating and the services are top notch.  I can recommend Dora and Olga highly for hair cuts, Martha for nails, and Florentina or Linda for facials/waxing, etc.   Their "Indulgence Club" is 100% worth it if you go there regularly; depending on the level you chose, you get discounts on the services and the products - I'm a total member and I get 25% off the services (which, when you add tip to the service you STILL save) and 20% on the products.  Aveda products are expensive, but I've found them to work wonderfully with my skin and hair type.  Being a member and on their mailing list, they also send me updates and deals - they do 'spa week' often - offering deep discounts on their services for the same level of care. When you're there, they do offer a lot of complimentary services and upgrades - I found it a little annoying in the beginning, because I dont particularly like the add-ons, but since I go there enough now, they realize I'm going to say no or just tell them what I want, and they're very accomodating. All in all, my first few visits were not what I expected, but they treat me very well there, I love the services, and I find them to be very, very accomodating.  Definitely recommend to anyone looking to treat themselves to a day or become a regular.
I will still go to Joseph Christopher's for Salon and Spa services, but will avoid a certain esthetician (Florentina) at all costs! I've been coming here for facials for quite a few years and have had great estheticians who are friendly, as gentle as can be, and professional.  Granted, the best ones seem to leave, so I never really get the same person twice, but I trust that everyone working there is just as professional and accommodating as the last one. Until yesterday!  I don't know if this lady was running behind her schedule or just having a bad day, but I've never had anyone actually complain about having to work on my skin!  I know my skin is far from perfect, but she made me feel like there was no hope for me!  "A facial isn't enough for you"  "I can't get to this all"  "I don't even know what products can help you..."  Can you imagine how this made me feel while lying there, hoping to relax a little and leave with a refreshed face?  I'm mortified!  I can't even believe I'm sharing this with you all, except that no one should go to a spa and come out feeling worse than when they went in! In all the years I've been going there, I've never met anyone as demeaning and cold.   Please read my previous review for all the wonderful things about Joseph Christopher, but this experience has put a damper on my love for this spa.
Please see the below e-mail to the salon bridal coordinator regarding my concerns with my visit. I have also left a message for the salon owner and have not received a phone call back in over a week. Poor customer service. If this is how they treat you for your trial - how will you get treated on your big day? No, I am not a bridezilla at all ... as a matter of fact, I am a very laid back bride. But the customer service here is horrible. Sharone, Good evening. I would like to speak with you about my experience during my bridal trial this past weekend. I was shocked at how I was treated and would like to speak with a manager as well. When arriving, my sister and I took a seat in the lobby / reception area. My stylist told me that my sister could not come back with me because she wasn't getting any services that day. I explained to them that this was my bridal trial, my sister is my maid of honor, and that she came all the way from Massachusetts for this trial. The stylist looked at me with a blank stare and then said that it was the salon policy - she could not come back with me. I told the stylist that I didn't want to leave my sister waiting in the reception area after coming here that weekend just for that. She then told me that we would be doing my makeup in the reception area and that she could participate in the makeup but not with the hair. I told her that I was uncomfortable with that and wanted to leave. I didn't feel it was right to not have her come back with me. She explained that would be fine for me to leave because I would be charged anyway because my appointment was held on my credit card. I was shocked! My sister and I were put in a very awkward position. After turning around to talk to my sister, the stylist gave in and said that my sister could come back. Instead of seating her next to me with a free chair from your coloring tables, she sat her directly behind me in another station. We could not talk, she could not participate, and kept looking around my shoulder in the mirror to communicate with me. My hair came out nothing like the picture that I brought in, and was unhappy. The entire time I was getting my hair done, the stylist didn't even speak to me. She was rude, disinterested, and sloppy. I'm not even sure what her name is because we were never introduced. A few other staff members offered me water, etc but then never came back with it. For my makeup, the same stylist didn't even ask me what types of colors I wanted, etc. Instead, she just grabbed brushes and eyeshadows and went to town on my face. The makeup came out okay, but definitely not my style. To top it off, the stylist asked me if I was already married???? Didn't she know I was here for a bridal consultation? I'd really like to receive a refund for these services after the way we were treated and forced into staying after a very rough start. Please contact me via phone or e-mail. Thank you for your time.
Got there 15 minutes early as requested.  They asked if I wanted coffee, tea, or water.  Good start -- got water served.  Was asked to go back to the spa area. Pretty nice but also a very tiny imitation of what real places do (keep in mind this is a salon/spa but for the price it should be better). Tiny locker room, but nice. Then, tiny seating area, but nice. When you sit in one of the attractive, cozy chairs you do get a wonderful view of some rotten, sagging ceiling tiles (keep in mind we had a horrible hurricane -- but i have no idea when that really got there).  There was 1 woman in the area with me and then another. Somehow during the 25 minutes I sat here, the newest arrival gets called into her actual appointment. I was starting to get frustrated waiting for mine.   SPAS: They are supposed to be an illusion.  You go in and people are nicer than the ones on the street outside, the area looks immaculate, you get soothed and given the chance to relax by your therapist...I didn't feel the illusion was accomplished on my visit. The massage. I knew this was going to be bad right away. 1 - the towel on the massage table was smaller than a standard spa would use and that confused me like this place can't afford nice towels. 2 - the room I was in is a giant shower formerly used for some specialty service.  I didn't like it, what can I say?  The massage itself was very meh for me.  Most of the time it hurt but I should have said something. But I like to think a good massage is a good massage...doesn't mean I'm right.  My mother has gone since and she had the same massage therapist and said she really liked it. How can I say she is wrong?  My sister-in-law has also gone and I don't recall any bad review from her although I don't recall any which way.  I might give this place another try in the future since I have a gift certificate. Funny thing is I had 2 free massages but then they gave one of mine to my sister-in-law who I don't live with or anything.  I found that veryyyyyy odd but I also didn't want to go back 2 more times anyway.  I'll rate it 3 stars at least if my next visit is better.
Based upon the price tag, I expected a lot better.  I am NOT cheap at all (especially when it comes to hair, clothes, health & beauty, good food, etc.) but I just try and try this place again and again and I'm consistently turned OFF by a different thing each time but every time I'm turned off at the end of the treatment when they bring over a basket full of products that they are pushing you to purchase.....  I actually received more compliments when I went to SUPERCUTS for my trim and single process!!!!! I am not kidding... I am an easy job: single process.... they ALWAYS suggest high lights and low lights to add dimension- maybe that would be good but I like my hair color -I want what I want- and when they do what I want it looks good. When I did what they suggested, I was unhappy. In addition, they ALWAYS cut what THEY think would be good (they do NOT listen to what you want  - you have to be EXPLICIT !!!!!) I have to say "PLEASE- ONLY 1/2" .... no more- just a half inch".. or I walk out with layers, etc.... I finally have the layers they put in and the bangs. I also do not like all the extra 'stuff' going on...... the hand massage then they push the hand lotion...I don't even want it- I wasn't there for a hand massage. I just really hate the flimsy 'thing' they give you to wear - I feel exposed and there's no privacy.....there are many other salons that charge less and give a more relating experience..... just FYI....I had been going to Joseph Christopher off and on for the past 14 years when the started in the smaller shop (before they opened the "spa" side) .... also, the spa side was even worse....I had a gift certificate for a massage and having four kids and working, I was really looking forward to a relaxing experience. I was sitting on an uncomfortable couch in a small area all alone with no employees,,,,,,waiting and wondering when someone would give me my massage for what felt like forever (then I couldn't enjoy the massage because it started a half hour late and I was worried about getting my girls off the bus)......OH AND THE KICKER- the massage should have been at LEAST 50 minutes- it was 35 minutes (I noted the time they started and then happen to notice when they stopped)......THE ENVIRONMENT IS NOT RELAXING AT ALL- I used to go to Koala-T-Care before they closed and the rooms were spacious, dark (lit with aromatherapy candles) and no hard selling talk- you could just enjoy your massage- I do not want to talk; I want to enjoy my massage.... hope this helps someone save some hard earned money. Don't waste your money here- actually there is a place in the middle of town near baskin robins that is a FOOT SPA but they do massage also- take their time, it is SILENT other than relaxing music and they whisper 'pressure good or harder?" MUCH more pleasant- my gf and i went and she FELL ASLEEP- that is how nice it is there!!!!! ALSO- JOSEPH CHRISTOPHER IS NOOOOOOT KID FRIENDLY AT ALL- They didn't want my 10 y/o *(who is VERY mature and would just sit and read a magazine) even coming with me and waiting whlie I got a quick trim.......OH and forget about a blow out....each time you go in you drop 100's like they're 20's......
I have been going to JC for a while and I must say that I love the ladies there. Carla and Christina are amazing. Carla is the most amazing colorist and I will not let anyone cut my hair but Christina! In the spa I must say that Florentina is fantastic. She is the eyebrow guru. Her facials are second to none. Also I am a huge fan of the club program that rewards returning customers.
I'd been going here for a while before I left New York for Minnesota, and loved it. I came back a while ago to find they no longer use Aveda products. My mom still comes here for a cut, so occasionally when I'm in town I get a haircut while I'm there as well. They totally broke my heart with completely inferior product. It didn't work as well and seemed cheaper, yet their service prices certainly haven't gotten any more affordable. Definitely not worth the price anymore.
Pricey salon. Not too many people in the area can afford it. I've only been to JC a total of 4 times in 3 years. Its hard to go in and out just for the haircut. There're so many complimentary massages; shoulder hand, feet, face, hair. Enough already! I just want the haircut. The mood in the salon in not a cheery one. Although they are all very nice, they don't look happy to be there. Sometimes when the employee has too many rules, it breaks the spirit of the employers. If JC want more business, cut your prices in half, cut out anything complimentary and change the elevator music.
Went there for a pedicure. Big mistake. The nail polish was applied horribly, having your feet soak in those bowls felt completely unsanitary and I got a fungus on my big toenail thanks to them. Then I made the mistake of getting my hair highlighted and cut there. I asked specifically to touch up my blonde highlights and my hair came out mousy brown. Then I got a simple trim and that did me in $75. Are you serious? They are simply too overpriced for the unsatisfactory work they do. Not a fan.
I go to Alicia (not sure of spelling) for my haircut and she is excellent!  She suggests a new style everytime and I am never disappointed.  I had my color done there last time and I was very happy.  It is expensive for Long Beach but I am a member of their loyalty program which increases the value.
I was given a gift certificate, by a dear friend who thought I might enjoy a message! I made the app 04/18/10 for a 50 min massage on my birthday, May 3rd. I arrived home from work on Sat 05/01 to find a message left after 5:00pm cancelling my appointment because they decided they were going to be closed on Mondays from now on!! I tried to return their call, but they were already closed. I waited on Sunday for a return call...... no, no return call so I called them at noon, to be told they had tried to call back in April to cancel. Well Well Well... guess what... after checking with Optimum on line voice call details, there had never been a call in April and now my birthday plan for my only day off was ruined! It is now Wednesday 05/05/10 and the owners or GM have not yet taken the time to return my call to settle this matter. I asked for a refund on Sunday 05/02 so I could go elsewhere for my birthday message... no luck. Although their gift certificates NEVER RUN OUT... they do not give refunds! I would never use this over priced,poor customer service, sorry ass excuse for a salon again in my life. I suggest Elizabeth Arden in Garden City.!!!!!!!
I went to Joseph Christopher for a Brazilian wax, and I was happy with the results. I had it done with Cece, and she was very quick and very good, I would definitely reccomend her. All in all, the decor is very nice, and the place is great, and the staff is nice too. However, I was annoyed by one thing. When you pay at the front desk, they ring you up your total ($60 is the only thing they are supposed to say you owe them). Instead, she gives me a total with $60 plus a suggested twenty percent gratuity..she didn't ask, she just added it in, and then told me the suggested twenty percent gratuity was included. THIS IS NOT PROFESSIONAL. I am always for tipping twenty percent, in fact I was going to tip a bit more because I liked her, never tip less than twenty unless it is a horrible job, and then the less than twenty is deserved. The fact though they already added it in, I have went to the best salons and spas in Manhattan and I have never experienced that. It kind of makes you feel like they think you are gonna run out of there without tipping. Not cool, not professional, and kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. Especially after hearing that the stylists and people who work there don't even get their tips half the time, I was very skeptical. In fact, I prefer to give the tip to the stylist themself. Anyway, good place, good waxing, but adding the tip on at the end with the total is just oh so tacky.
I've been going to JC for the past 8 years, since I've moved to LB.  At first I was excited a high end spa opened in the area.  But it has steadily declined.  The therapists are hit or miss.  I find the facialists, in general, are better than the massage therapists.  The prices do not reflect the value.  They are always trying to push something on you during services.  I now rarely go except during promotions.  Even then, you have to specifically tell them or they will try to bill you the full price.
Had a strange experience! Received a gift card for $100.00. Decided to use it for a massage. The massage was listed in their catalog for $100.00. When I arrived for my appointment, I first was asked if I wanted to add more to my service for extra money. I declined and then was told that their was a massage special this week and that it would cost $65.00 if I wanted to pay cash or use credit card and keep my gift card for another time. I was a little taken aback. I didn't understand and asked to speak to the manager. The owner came and begins to tell me that when they sell gift cards at holiday time, it is discounted 20%, so whoever bought it only paid $80.00, so the salon would be losing money. First of all, it was purchased in August, and he would still be making $15.00. I could understand if it was a coupon and it couldn't be combined with another offer. I went there to be relaxed and there was nothing about it that was relaxing. I chose to do the massage, and was very pleased with Nancy, the massage therapist. I don't think this was handled nicely and it was my first and last time that I will be going there!
it is a bit pricey for long beach. i've been back 4 times.  had JC cut for style then went to the lesser priced stylists, so far so good.  color has been perfect.  they offer 3 complimentary services, touch up make up, hand and neck massage. i have never turned them down.  it's a nice perk, but don't expect a well pressured massage.  their delivery is a bit contrived, they provide an initial consultation every time, so you meet with the stylist and colorist and they discuss what they want to do and i find myself having to interrupt to discuss 'yes, what i'd like to do'  the girls are all very nice and sincere.  just once did one girl, throw down her comb after the consultation and giggle as if 'why are we saying this?' again, a bit overdone.  everyone asks how the service was, but there doesn't seem to a be a private or anonymous way to gauge this satisfaction, which may be their intention.  i have found the front desk people to, at times be a bit harried, especially the gentleman.  i also had pedicure that i was told could last a month.  she did a great job, my only comment is the seating.  you sit on wood bench with a cushion that, well has lost its cushion.  so it becomes uncomfortable.  i'm surprised at this choice of seating.  wood and pedicures don't conjure up thoughts of pampering and comfort.
