Authentic, friendly, and tasty! We were here during Canadian Thanksgiving, and what really sucked us in was that this place was doing a thanksgiving dinner.  So we showed up around 7:00 on a Saturday evening - surprisingly quiet!  Got seated right away at a high-top table near the bar, were attended to by a friendly and efficient waitress, and had a couple of drinks quickly.  We had a couple slices of their toasted irish soda bread served with honey butter - delicious!  Then came our garden salad (standard, but good), and our thanksgiving dinner - turkey, stuffing, etc. etc..  All very good, but not what you'd be getting here on a regular basis. I will say that if I were here another day, I'd be back there trying their Irish sampler.  All the food on the menu looked awesome. I wish I could try everything on it! Doc's is pretty affordable for an area packed with over-priced touristy places like Margaritaville, Rainforest Cafe, etc.  It was around $35 for two of us, all said and done. Also, a plus - they put on the New York Rangers game for me.  Of course, they were playing Toronto, so that helped, but nonetheless was nice to watch my team in Canada! One last thing - around 8 PM Doc's got slammed! Not sure if everyone was just coming back from a day at the falls or that's when everyone gets there.  Definitely understand why it gets busy. Just because they advertise as "the only Irish pub in Niagara" doesn't mean they settle for lower standards.  Excellent.
My girlfriend and I tried this restaurant tonight, and both were very happy that we did! I researched good pubs to eat at in the Niagara Falls area, and this pub came up much more than others, and judging by my experience, and it seems many others' experiences, this could arguably be the best pub in Niagara. The service was outstanding. Our waitress, Lianne, was very friendly and attentive, seeing to our every need and stopping over often to check on us. We also spotted her and the manager making rounds to other tables to chat, and the lady beside us seemed like she was a friend, or frequent visitor, so to see the staff put in such a strong effort and present us with a very friendly and welcoming experience made our dinner that much better. The atmosphere was also very welcoming. It was very warm (literally and figuratively), and the colour scheme was very English-pub: red walls and hardwood floors. It was very clean, very warm, and very welcoming. There was also these really neat antique bottles you find in the early 1900s, such as Hair Tonic and various elixirs, and those added even more character to an already great atmosphere. Finally, the food was great. My girlfriend had quesadillas, and I had chicken curry (which the menu was humorously happy to point out is actually an Irish dish), and they were both delicious, with the curry serving size being especially large. The prices for the food were great (similar in pricing to other, similar pubs), considering the portion sizes. Overall, it was a very clean, welcoming, and friendly atmosphere, and coupled with great food and prices, makes this a restaurant we will be eating at again soon.
Stopped by here on my way driving to Toronto on the recommendation of another traveler. I had just walked in as three other groups came at the same time so I was worried about the potential wait on food. The waiter (who had a fantastic accent btw) was really nice and good at explaining things on the menu that I did not recognize. My table had the prime rib (special that night) along with the shepherd's pie. Both were fairly good, a little pricey, but good. Food took maybe 20 minutes to come, which was fine. I'd go back if I was ever in the area again.
Being born and raised in England, I decided to try this Irish Pub.  I went with what I thought was a safe bet and ordered the bangers and mash.  Can't possibly mess that up right???  Wrong.....  I requested that the bangers be very well done since bangers should always have a lovely golden brown, crispy casing.  What arrived was a pathetic rendition of bangers and mash.  The sausages had obviously been boiled to cook them then thrown on the grill for a minute to achieve the grill marks.  Inedible and soggy....(tasted more like a garlic sausage than an English banger-big difference between the two)  Luckily there were only 2 wee sausages and I only had 2 bites of the one sausage before I gave up, so didn't feel like I was wasting a lot of food.  The mashed potatoes tasted like instant and the gravy was revolting.  Maybe I just happened to order the worst item on the menu or maybe I was just expecting authentic dishes.  Sorry, but this was so far off the mark words can't describe.  I've had better sausages off of a chip truck!!!   The waitress was "ok" - didn't seem to thrilled to be there but had good knowledge of the menu and beers.   The décor is lovely, I'll give them that.  Very warm and inviting with the added bonus of live entertainment on some nights.  If I go again(?), I'll make sure to eat first and just enjoy the beer.
Traditional Irish fare, served fresh as it comes, no freezers here.  Top notch chef, friendliest servers and greeters.  Clean washrooms.  What more could a diner ask for?
I just found out that curried chicken is a traditional Irish dish, especially when it's wrapped in good Irish Boxty. Boxty is like a potato pancake type of Gaelic poor-house bread. The meal is served as Curried Chicken Boxty and it comes with a garden salad and homemade dressing. The curried chicken was excellent. Not too overpowering but still flavourful. It was wrapped in a Boxty lightly covered in sour cream. This was my first Boxty and I liked it: slightly smoother than a potato pancake but still light and not too heavy. The chicken was tender and moist and the salad was fresh. The homemade apple vinegar dressing had the right balance of fruitiness and acidity to make the green garden mix enjoyable. The interior decor of the pub was authentic Irish with an interestingly tiled ceiling . The lighting was low, there were bookcases filled with books, bar stools, and plenty of space for larger groups. The waitress was prompt, attentive and friendly. I highly recommend this restaurant conveniently located on Lundy's Lane not too far from the falls. One more thing I forgot to mention, the fish and chips look delicious and they have a huge selection of beer.
This Best Western has no accessible roll-in showers. the room was quiet, very comfortable bed, and a nice surprise was a restaurant attached. place was sold out on the friday night we were there. after driving 7 hrs to see the falls and after seeing the falls for a few hrs we went to our room. after settling in, we decided to try MacGilligans Irish Pub. I had Shepherd's Pie ($13.95) it was served in a crock like bowl with mostly mashed potatoes, and a side of tasteless baked beans. I actually enjoyed the Shepherd's Pie. my wife had Madras Chicken Curry ($13.95) it had 3 small cubes-pieces of chicken and mostly rice. the place was loud with a bunch of rude Irish drinkers DUH :) Verdict - Way to many restaurants in the area to try this place again...   Shepherd's Pie $13.95 - A savory and traditional balanced blend of ground beef and ground lamb with carrots, celery, onion and peas, crowned with creamy champ, served with fresh vegetables (I asked for the baked beans) Madras Chicken Curry $13.95 - Yes, it's a traditional Irish dish. Marinated chicken and fresh vegetables simmered in a Madras curry sauce and served with rice pilaf and a dollop of yogurt. Mango chutney and grilled naan bread on the side
Had an excellent birthday lunch with my family, I have not been to the new restaurant since the makeover. I must say that it is really beautiful and amazing. Service and Food were both wonderful, I had the single portion of Fish and Chips glad I did because I also had the Onion & Ale soup, soooooo good. I can't wait to go back, there was so much I wanted to try on the menu. Even just to sit at the bar for a nice specialty coffee and watch some good o'l futball would make me feel good.
Excellent meal...Ruben bites, Scotch eggs, fish & chips....yum...got to try the Guinness aioli...yum
Pub opened less than a week ago. The decor is amazing; nicest Irish pub I have seen. The food was delicious and the service excellent. To sum it up, I wish there was one of these in my home town. Highly recommend, and will return when back on Niagara Falls. Tip: Very family friendly.
After looking at everyone else's reviews, I'm not sure if I went on a bad day or what. It was a week day and not busy at all. To start, we had a least 3 different servers, maybe 4, and still had to wait a long time for EVERYTHING. I decided to order an expensive fruity drink. It was so full of ice, I got about 4 sips and it was gone. I barely tasted any alcohol either. Both of our dinners were greasy. Then when we were finished we waited so long for our bill that I felt like walking out. Like RIDICULOUSLY LONG. I had to calm my boyfriend down before he flipped out. (And hes a patient guy!) Im in the service industry and would never think of not leaving a tip but if ever it was warranted,  this was it. The servers were nice, but completely oblivious. The restaurant is very nice inside but thats about it.
Great food and atmosphere! Ate here almost every day during a stay at the attached cairn croft hotel!
Ate lunch there with my family a few weeks ago at Docs! Loved the chicken wing chowder soup and the Madras curry!! Live music was fantastic too!! Will most definitely be back.
Went here for lunch with family, excellent service, food, and atmosphere. We will be back regularly! Samantha was our server and she was super. Also well priced and we will be trying their breakfast next. mmmmmmm!!!!
