My wife and I came here on a whim before heading back to Canada. Happened to god it on Yelp and were so very pleased with our experience!  Prompt an friendly service, kid friendly, and DELICIOUS rolls. If you're looking for sushi in this area, you won't be disappointed!
Perfect location, as it is right across the way from Marquee Cinemas, so you can have a sushi and movie night. Another cool thing about Mitsuba is they have happy hour specials on their food, between 5pm-8- I believe. During those hours you get a free egg roll of some sorts. The sushi is made well, and delicious, the staff is very friendly, all-in-all I enjoy this restaurant.
Excellent spot for in/out or just to relax and have a great lunch or dinner. Service is quick and always served with a smile. We're regulars here and treated like family. Sushi is excellent as are their soups and specialty dishes.
This place is closed down! Wasn't that good any way though. I'm not surprised its not opened anymore
I have never had a bad experience dining at Mitsuba. The service is always fast and the staff is really friendly. I always enjoy anything that I order here. I definitely suggest the New Hartford roll and the Yuki roll, but all of the special rolls are amazing. The atmosphere is also really quiet and peaceful- I just love it here!
Always great and often provides free food.  Service is quick and rolls are beautiful.  The Tom Yum soup is amazing!
This Mitsuba is NOT the Mitsuba with the Hibachi grill. This place serves Japanese dishes and sushi. I went here multiple times and each time, the food is only mediocre. Today I ordered three rolls for the lunch combo. The sushi was nicely presented, but the proportion was just not enough. There was only a TINY bit of fish in there so I was not very happy. On top of that, I ordered Kitsune udon (they spelled it Kitsun udon) only to find out that they give you cheap slices of soft tofu. Kitsune udon is supposed to be a type of thin fried tofu with a sweet sauce over it but I guess they didn't know what Kitsune udon really is. Of course, the udon noodles were delicious because it's kind of hard to mess up noodles. I also ordered the Shrimp Tempura bento box. Everything was alright but the rice was a bit cold and hard. It could have been done better. The only thing I was completely satisfied with was the agedashi tofu (appetizer) and the green tea. Everything else is mediocre and for the price, you're better off getting Japanese cuisine at the Mitsuba Hibachi Grill restaurant, Asian Bistro, or Sumos, all relatively close by.
Great food and amazing service! The Volcano Roll is fantastic. My friend also enjoyed her Fried Seafood Roll a lot. It was my friend's birthday, so the owner (I think?) gave us some free food as well. Terrific food coupled with terrific people. Could you possibly ask for more? :)
We went here for dinner after the movie in the same mall.  I liked the inside decor as well as the food and service.  The portions were good.  I had a dinner bento box which I have never seen as a dinner selection offering. I am not too sure about the cuke flower thingy they include as decoration on the sushi plates.
Great little place for sushi. Honestly, my gf and I are addicted, and have to restrain ourselves from coming here too often. Service is always quick and friendly. They give you a little rolled hot towel with tongs when you sit down, and a decoratively cut up orange on a plate when you get your check. The sushi itself is good. Sometimes wish there were more tuna but it is a pricey fish.
been here 3 times for group birthday parties, 5/6 of us in a party. The food is excellent at the hibatchi grill, and the sushi is also excellent. Their business model seems to be to maintain a clean atmosphere, great food, and literally drown the customers in free sake. It's definitely a good time.
Very good sushi, best I have had around here and better than sumo. Can be pricey but worth it. Ambience a plus.
Went to Mitsuba with my parents on Sunday. They had been there before but only tried a California Roll (yikes). We had the Miso, Seaweed Salad and BBQ squid for apps. All excellent. We shared a spicy tuna roll, and pieces of Saba, uni, mackerel, white tuna, and surf clam. The presentation was phenomenal, the service excellent, and the sushi some of the best I have ever had.  We had a Tempura Banana and Fruit Sticks for dessert.  Everything was wonderful, we are definately going back.
I love their food! The service is great. Their sushi is delicious and beautiful. Varied menu to please any taste. It's always packed with a wide range of people - looking forward to the opening of their second restaurant on Seneca Turnpike!
I absolutely love Mitsuba in The Orchard, the food is great and the staff is amazing. I've never had a bad experience here.
A year ago we had a pretty crummy meal at Mitsuba and our hearts were nearly broken.  But having dined there twice over the past month and a half I can say that was an isolated experience.  Mitsuba is still serving great food in a very nice atmosphere!
The night started off pretty bad when it was a 45 minute wait after our reservation time. The food on the hibachi was delicious didn't like how everything came off the grill in shifts i like variety and felt like i got filled on the first couple things. The only complaint was the forced sake drinking. my only suggestion would be to ease up on the drowning the customer in sake.
Mitsuba in the Orchard consistently advertises in the local paper a "half off sushi special" on Mondays and Tuesdays.  My fiancé and I went on a Tuesday, called ahead to confirm the special and when the check came, everything was full price.  The server had no idea about the special they advertised, went back into the kitchen to ask the manager? Returned with our new bill with a whopping $3 taken off. The math didn't even make sense and we will definitely not be back.  If a restaurant refuses to honor something they advertise, I'm just not ok with that. Plus, there was VERY little meat in the sushi we ordered.
