Came in for a private session and was very happy with vitor's professionalism and advice. The man is a legend and i highly reccommend his school.
I've never been a full-time student here but I have tried a class as well as dropping in for their Sunday open mats. Everyone here is super friendly. Solid mat space available. Locker room is reasonably sized for the school. Overall solid gym. Some of the best vibes at any gym I've seen.
***** FIVE STARS ***** Don't read my review. Go there, speak to them and sign up for a trial class. Upon registration, you are given a gi (the traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu attire) to train in. The staff are not only helpful and patient with new beginners; they are well trained martial artists. Vitor Shaolin is truly a living legend. If you don't believe me; just Google his name and you will be directed to multiple YouTube videos, his Wikipedia page and legitimate photos of his authenticity in the art of Jiu Jitsu.   It has been almost 6 months since I have been a part of VSBJJA and I cannot speak more highly of the camaraderie, unity, respect, honor and love that I have experienced for the sport of Jiu Jitsu, and for the people I have grown so close with... they have become family; my home away from home. Initially, I think we all go in with selfish intentions to lose weight, be physically active and healthier... which don't get me wrong! Is a FANTASTIC thing to want. And I absolutely got that. But, what's more rewarding is, I have built a support system within this growing community that I feel will be a part of my lifestyle, forever. Thank you, Vitor and EVERYONE there that has shown me the way. Obrigado! Oss! :)
Shaolin is an amazing individual. Being around him since he is in the gym teaching classes all the time, you can tell he cares for his students and their progress. His accomplishments as a competitor are amazing. 3X black belt world champion and one of the top mma fighters of his time has given him so much to teach to his students. He is passionate about his students and his level of commitment to their improvement is inspiring. To see someone care so much makes you put in just that much more effort on your own. He is very professional in his training and the environment in the school is very positive and comforting. The senior students there are very helpful and are a huge part of the friendly atmosphere of the school. Private lessons are also available here with any of the instructors at very reasonable prices. Whether you want to take your training to another level,  looking for a place to start training, or just visiting town, you owe it to yourself to at least take a look here.
best place ever for bjj! best workout, awsome people, and the best techniques!!!!! go! sign up! and roll for your life!!!!!
VSBJJ is the perfect place to train bjj. I've never walked into a gym on the first day and felt as welcome as I did when I first joined here a year ago. I am a huge fan of Shaolin, so naturally, I had to pay a visit and try it out. I tried out their 2-classes trial and even though I got tapped way too many times to count, I was hooked. VSBJJ has this unique friendly atmosphere that I've never felt in the other gyms I have tried before. This says a lot about Shaolin and how he runs his gym! In my experience, Shaolin teaches most of the classes. And if he can't make it, their kickass brownbelts(Alex & Van) will take his place. You will also meet Loro and Jen who are both great. I also fell in love with the way the classes are conducted. Shaolin breaks everything down. He is really a great teacher/coach and I am fortunate to have him teach me bjj. There are a lot of really good guys here so everyone will be kicking your ass! And they're all also willing to help you out. I've been a member for over a year now and it has been an adventure.
I'm not much of a writer but I can say this school is the best thing that ever happened to me.  Words can't describe how much I've learn from Shaolin and all the instructors at the gym.  I've been studying under VSBJJ for about a year and a half and every time I go to class I'm learning something new.  Not only do you learn to become better Brazilian jiu jitsu martial artist but also to become a better person.  You learn to become a humble person based on Shaolin and other instructors teaching and not only that but you also become a CONFIDENT person. People at school are always open to share knowledge with one another and help each other better their game in BJJ.  We train hard but never to a point where we try to hurt each other.  We're all here to get better and learn the art of BJJ. If you come and train hard then you'll see your results.   If you're looking for a BJJ school that has a friendly environment with tough training partners, then this is the place for you to go to.
VSBJJ is the place to go if you want to learn from the best. Shaolin, Loro, Alex, Chris, and Van are all great guys and provide a ton of personal one on one attention. The fact that Shaolin teaches most of the classes is the number one reason to join. I really hate paying for a "name" and then never seeing them (aka the bigger bjj schools). The second reason to join is the fact is that the classes are small. Within two months you'll easily know almost everyone in your group.  The guys literally become extended family minus the awkward thanksgiving dinners. Lastly, there are no egos.  Yes you will get tapped out, but it's never malicious.  I've noticed that at other schools and immediately left. After being there for over a year, i can honestly say this is the best bjj experience for beginners and advanced practitioners alike.
I first checked visited this school because a friend of mine wanted to get into BJJ so I was helping him out and we checked out this one and some of the other big name schools. I had already trained No Gi in the past at another school, but never with a GI.    After visiting the other big name BJJ schools my friend picked this one and I agreed with him that it was the right choice, and then I ended up joining about a month later because we really like the vibe in the school. Also we loved the fact that Vitor Shaolin actually teaches all of the classes starting from beginner and so on. I didn't see that in those other schools, and I loved the area its in, the students and staff are always friendly and trying to help.         You can't get any better than this. Vitor Shaolin is a World Champion Black Belt BJJ champ, fought in MMA, cornered UFC fighters, What I love also is that hes a very nice guy, and a great teacher. He explains every technique hes teaching you, so well, and I personally pick up on it so much easier because of that. Not all BJJ teachers can do that. My old No Gi teacher didn't explain things as well, and I'd be lost at times. I now love training with the GI, and Vitor has corrected a lot of things that I was doing wrong, and taught me way more stuff, to make me so much better.     You can also get great help from another instructor there who is also a Black Belt and fights in Bellator "Marcos Galvao." Then you have Alex, and Van who are Brown Belts and instructors who also explain everything so well that its easy to pick up. I really do like it here, and am honored to be one of Shaolin's students now. It helps me stay in shape also, and given me that grappling strength that I need.   There are also No GI classes as well, and classes for kids.
When you decide to start at a gym or any type of martial arts, you scout the gyms/dojos and even do a trial or two to see if you find a good fit for yourself, and then you commit yourself. That's what I did when I decided to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (with no previous martial arts experience), and after checking out a couple of places, I was told by a good friend to check out the academy who's lead instructor was Vitor "Shaolin" Ribiero. After a trial class, I was sold and I signed up. That was 4 years ago now. This school offers many different things for just about everyone. If you want to learn BJJ and want quality instruction, without over crowded classes and instructors that know how to take time to teach and assist with answering questions, you will get that here. Whether it is World Champions Shaolin, and Marcos "Loro" Galvao, or Alex Ecklin or Van Allen Flores teaching the classes, they go step by step, give great tips and work with everyone. They also provide a friendly environment and everyone there from the instructors to the other students are welcoming and easy to get along with (great place to meet new friends!). BJJ is also a great way to improve yourself, and through what I have learned and done here in the past 4 years, I have definitely improved myself, from physically (went from 200 lbs to 165 lbs in 2 years, and now weigh 155 lbs and have never felt better!), and improving self esteem and confidence. This school isn't just a Jiu Jitsu school, it becomes a second home and a family, and it certainly has become that for me.
World class instruction by legends of the sport.Shaolin's promotes a friendly enviroment while still maintaining a competitive spirit for those who like to test their skills at the competitive level. A tight nit family of martial artist who can really bring out the best in anyone. Every once in a while you get to meet some of MMA's biggest stars when they are looking to hone their skills. I would very highly recommend this academy to anyone lookin to get in shape, make some new friends, or compete in tournaments.
Shaolin, Loro and their excellent staff gave some of the most incredible instruction in Jiu Jitsu I've ever received. You have a LOT of choices of Jiu Jitsu Schools in New York, but in this blue belt's opinion, this one is the best.
VSBJJ is a great place to start your adventure with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I had a chance to train at two other BJJ academies in the NY area prior to joining VSBJJ and I'm very happy with my choice. I've been with the academy for nearly three years. From the very beginning I really enjoyed the size of classes and individual attention that you get from all the instructors during the class. It is nice to see that head instructor teaches all the classes. Very often we have guest Black Belts from other courntries and academies. Everyone at VSBJJ is very friendly and willing to help you with improving your BJJ 'game'. While evaluating BJJ academies in the NY area make sure that you stop by VSBJJ.
I made my start training BJJ here while on a year long working stint in New York. Had an absolute blast. Having next to no athletic history made joining BJJ a bit daunting but  Shaolin and his school were extremely welcoming. I only have positive things to say about training here.
I recently had my 2 year anniversary training at  Vitor Shaolin Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (VSBJJ) and I absolutely love the academy, my teachers and my fellow students. I had zero martial arts experience when I walked in the door and now I'm winning competitions. Shaolin and Loro provide the finest instruction and my training partners are second to none. The culture of the academy is very inclusive and I truly feel like VSBJJ is my home away from home. Regardless of your goals, I would recommend VSBJJ to anyone who is interested in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
I have trained BJJ at many gyms in NY, FL and CA and VSBJJ is definitely one of the best for anyone that is looking to learn or improve their BJJ. The classes are broken up perfectly by skill level (white belt classes, blue belt and up classes, and individual blue and purple belt classes) and there's even a class for 30+ (all levels) which is great for me. The class sizes are usually perfect with many people to roll with without the room getting too crowded, and the staff here is 100% one of the best in the city. Shaolin teaches most of the classes, but all of the other trainers are amazing as well. Feel free to direct message me if you have any questions, but if you're looking for the best BJJ spot in the city, come over to VSBJJ on 8th between 47th and 48th and take a class or 2.
VSBJJ is the best place on earth!!!  The staff is great and the training is Amazing! Being  able to train with a legend is an honor!! Been training for only 6 months and Im still hungry to learn and keep moving to the top!!! I recommend jujitsu to everyone!! Shiolin taught how to love it! Appreciate! And live it one step at a time. :-D
Learn from a world champion, and get a great work out.  These classes get you into competition shape, and armed with the technique that have you coming out on top.  Not only do I enjoy the school for the skills I have learned but the friends I have made.
I am a lifelong student of the Martial Arts, been around a few Dojo's, Dojang's, Kwoon's, Gym's and training halls. VSBJJ is not only one of the best training Academies that I have had the privilege to train at, but it is the standout best experience that I have ever had. The big issue with me in the past have been unfriendly egos, unhelpful training partners and flat out uncaring maliciousness. This has not been the issue at Shaolin's. Vitor promotes a very loving, passionate, caring and supportive environment that is very conducive to learning. This practice has created an atmosphere that is leading to the success of myself and my fellow classmates. Loro, Van, Alex and all of the more senior students follow the same example making this a huge hub for future incredible exponents of BJJ.  So come in and grow with us.
I have been training with Shaolin for 3 years. I was one of the first students when he came here, and I am very happy with things. I feel like I got much better, primarily because Shaolin and Loro and other visiting blackbelts are there so often (Shaolin teaches every class and when Loro is not training for pro mma he is there all the time as well). The prices are also very competitive for NYC. I believe they are the cheapest considering the extremely high level of quality.
I've had the opportunity to train at a few different BJJ across the country and I have to say that VSBJJ has been by far the best marital arts experience I've had to date. The academy itself is big enough that you are able to train with a large variety of BJJ practitioners with different skill sets/body types but, small enough that the instructors have a good understanding of everybody's skill level. The staff at VSBJJ are not only incredibly knowledgeable, but also very friendly and understanding in the way that they teach (to beginner and advanced level students alike). Wether your looking to compete, or just train recreationally for exercise/fun, I highly recommend VSBJJ if you are around the New York City area. Plus there's always the added benefit of getting to learn first hand from multiple world champions of BJJ on a daily basis.
I moved to NYC about 1.5 years ago and was looking for a new gym to join.  I did the usual rounds at the other places and found Shaolin's to the best fit.  You get world class instruction from the man himself and Loro, not to mention many other visiting black belts from time to time.  The classes are just the right size and everybody is willing to help out.  You will get pushed mentally and physically.   If you are looking for a team atmosphere and want the best out of your Jiu Jitsu or just get in shape while having fun, I would definitely check Shaolin's out.
Great place to start or continue your martial arts journey. Shaolin  and Loro are as genuine as they are talented. The rest of the staff will also keep you on your toes! Clean, safe, and fun! Ive been training there for over 3 years, and its never a dull moment.
I signed up this week, and have nothing but great things to says. All the students and staff are helpful and work great together.
I have nothing but great things to say about VSBJJ. In trying to get into BJJ, I initially took some classes at Marcelo Garcia's school. Marcelo is obviously an amazing practitioner and seems like a very genuinely nice person. However, as somebody with no background, I was a little bit frustrated at the lack of direction I was getting. I was thrown right into drilling some takedowns and submissions from the back, but I didn't even know how to pass someone's guard. I also didn't get a particularly welcoming vibe from the other students and the staff. It wasn't unfriendly, but more indifference. I decided to give VSBJJ a shot and it was exactly what I was looking for. There's much more of a welcoming atmosphere for new students. All of the staff are very quick to learn everyone's name and to make sure students are getting the attention that they require. They have actually made some recent changes to the program for new students that I think makes it even more beginner-friendly. After two trial classes where you learn a few basic moves (rear naked choke, scissor sweep, americana, guard pass), you are now given a card of other basic techniques (taught by some of the purple/brown belt instructors) that you need to learn before you can join the rest of the class. I think this addresses one of the biggest frustrations for beginners, which is learning and drilling more advanced techniques along with the rest of the class and then being expected to implement them in sparring before learning the basics. Aside from being a great place to start your BJJ journey, here are a few of the other aspects that make this school stand out: 1. Shaolin cares about all his students and is always there to give you personal tips and answer questions. 2. Everybody on staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. 3. Shaolin really tries to instill a strong culture of excellence, commitment and integrity. He organizes events outside of class and encourages everybody to get to know each other. 4. From time to time, we get well-respected outside guests such as Anderson Silva and BJ Penn. 5. Brown belts Alex and Van are both incredible instructors available for private lessons. My lessons with Alex have helped my progression tremendously. My one criticism is that the school is starting to get to the high end of comfortable capacity. That's a tribute to the quality of the school, but I hope that we can eventually move into a location with a little more space. Come do the trial classes and you'll be hooked!
Coming to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with Vitor Shaolin is one of the best decisions I've ever made. Within my first three months, I dropped almost 30 pounds and started feeling much better overall. Running for a bus no longer leaves me out of breath, and I can chase my son around the park for hours. Now, 9 months after starting, I'm down from 195 to 160, and I can see my abs for the first time since college. As a side effect, I found my lifestyle becoming healthier in general, even my posture has improved. That's not too bad for a 43-year-old software engineer. I won't say it was an easy achievement, though. The first few classes really pushed me to my limits. However, BJJ is so interesting and challenging on so many levels that it was easy to stick to it. Shaolin is a great teacher, he's very involved in all the classes and there's a good balance between learning and practicing. Also, the people I've met there are really great - it is more like a family than a gym or a school. I highly recommend coming here if you are at all interested in BJJ, or just getting healthier. Also, if competition is your thing, you'll find a lot of training and encouragement to participate in BJJ tournaments and/or MMA fights.
Reviewing Modern Martial Arts Vitor Shaolin Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is difficult because when one has gained so much from a place - from an experience - it is almost disparaging to try and put it into words for an online review. VSBJJ is bigger than 5 stars and a few words on Yelp. Needless to say I give this place 5 stars and recommend it with great pleasure for anyone interested in learning the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu the way it is taught in Brazil - full of hard training, trials, tribulations, camaraderie, and good times! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has enriched my life incredibly and I owe my passion for it to studying under the tutelage of Professor Vitor Shaolin Ribeiro. His dedication to the art is infectious and Jiu Jitsu's many virtues come through regular training. The ripple effects of becoming involved in this martial art and modern sport are felt in nutrition, mental and spiritual health, and other ares of life beyond the mats. One's character improves with regular training as well; I have witnessed the meek become confident and the arrogant become humble thanks to Jiu Jitsu. This can be true for you if you choose to train at VSBJJ. Shaolin teaches the great majority of the classes which is such an incredible honor and gift for all of us who are eager to learn the art from a great - a true legend - and when he isn't teaching we have the opportunity to train with another amazing black belt from the Nova Uniao family named Marcos Loro Galvao. He is both an extremely tough coach and an incredibly warm human being with a big heart. With Shaolin and Loro at the helm our small school is headed in the right direction. After a few years of being open there are some young bloods with brown belts in the art who have risen to become phenomenal instructors and competitors who occasionally teach class and offer very useful tips during open mat or rolling. Beyond the academy's staff your peers will be amongst the best you could wish for always willing to show you a thing or two and pushing you to new heights. Some of my dearest friends come from these very mats. Hopefully one day you can say the same thing too. Osss...
Being a woman, it is important to find a space, instructor and team that I can feel comfortable with. This school goes above and beyond in making you feel welcome. From the front desk staff to Shaolin, this place will provide professional, motivated instruction no matter what your goal may be.
My journey into the world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu started elsewhere and I have been very fortunate to train with several world champions and world famous Black Belts in both BJJ and Judo and I can say without a doubt Shaolin is the best instructor out there. Not only is Shaolin incredibly accomplished in competitions and MMA but he is also immensely knowledgeable in Jiu Jitsu techniques and theory. Shaolin is friendly with all the students and very passionate about each student on the mat and in tournaments regardless of whether they are black belts or white belts. Shaolin teaches most classes when he is in town and the atmosphere at the school is very family-like. The school is great whether you want to compete or are just looking for a fun and mentally-challenging way to get back in shape.
