Well, I've never rated a building before.  I've only been a restaurant rater.  But last night I experienced Joe Bonamassa and his talented entourage.  Wow.  What a show.  And to see it at Shea's.  What can I say; this place just drips cool.  I met a couple of 1st timers from out of town.  They just stood in the lobby taking in the moment and being so impressed with it.  I wish I could have seen their expressions when the stepped through the doors and were ushered to their seats.  They will know what gem this place is. I would highly recommend Shea's to anyone.
Great facility to host many of the traveling Broadway. Very friendly service and comfortable seating in the balcony and Orchestra. Its one of those things that nor everyone will visit but those that dont are going to miss out on one of the great historical buffalo attractions.
Well I have been "dragged" to quite a few plays here, although some I did actually want to see I will admit.  Great place, lots of history but I do have a couple complaints. The major complaint is the seating.  I know there isn't much you can do..it is old, vintage, etc. but a guy my size barely fits and I am constantly adjusting and am comfortable.  I wish they would make a big guy section for people over 5'11 I would pay for it! My other complaint is the outdated bathrooms, kind of gross usually and could use some fixing up.  And my last complaint stems from when I saw Beauty & The Beast and we were in the cheap seats and barely could hear ANY dialogue. I have sat up there in the past and feel like I haven't had that issue so maybe it was a one time thing? But it a shame. I will continue coming here, but I will always aim to get aisle seats.
Everything about Shea's interior is beautiful except for the narrow seats with no leg room. They made me terribly claustrophobic. If you're a big and/or tall person, or claustrophobic, take note because sitting here for a long show will not be comfortable. And I hate to be a buzzkill, but I actually really dislike old things, like the seating set-up in this building. I mean the architecture and interior is beautiful and I appreciate it, but it smelled musty and was cramped. Similar to the Riviera Theater in NT, it's beautiful but not comfortable and just... old... Plus they're full of old people. At least, for the shows I've seen here. Ha! I like new, clean, spacious places, and am really not sentimental toward the past, so the history is kind of lost on me. Let's move forward, not back! Cabaret Restaurant and Bambino Kitchen and Bar are right across the street if you're looking to have dinner nearby ahead of time. Also, if you're a sucker and want to park close by, the lots across the street charge $20 for parking. My Dad hates being "late" and we got to Shea's at 7:43pm (the show started at 8). He was so nervous about the time that he paid for the $20 parking. We ended up sitting in our cramped seats, smelling old people cologne/perfume until 8:10 when the show finally started. Despite having a dance and music background, I'm not a theater person (nor really a concert person unless I REALLY love the performer- I hate crowds and loud atmospheres) so it doesn't pain me to come here infrequently (to the tune of every 5 years or so).
Yes Shea's is Historic, Yes it is absolutely beautiful inside and Yes they bring in some of the best Broadway Shows and National Performances, but my god the seats are really a pain for someone over 6ft tall. We saw Wicked here the other night and thank God I had an aisle seat and could stretch my legs out, as I could only sit with my feet twisted outward in a V-shape otherwise. Even my wife who is 5'7" complained about feeling crammed in there. Also it does get hot in the balcony so as Bethany M. recommends, dress in layers. I mean I have been here for quite a few shows and they along with the place itself is worth being uncomfortable for a couple hours, but just something to be aware of.
I went a few of my friends to the see the revival of Evita. Although the interior was grand, the entrance was a bit lacking. Lighting and sound clearly made up for the lacking facade.
It's impossible to not give Shea's 5 stars. They deserve like 7 stars! This is one of the most beautiful buildings in Buffalo, and when you add Christmas on top of that - get ready for some breathtaking views. It's one of those beautiful places that goes so intense with the interior that any less would be gaudy - it needs to be that over the top. You know those family guy jokes that you think might be going on too long, but then get funny again? That's what Shea's is in interiors and beauty. And it totally works. I've seen a wide array of events at Shea's, from rock bands, to comedians, to movies, to musicals. Our most recent visit was to see "White Christmas" and man, was this the perfect place to take you back to a "simpler" time (as we view it at least) of singing and dancing your way into love and snow. The acoustics in the theater are unmatched - I love the shows brave enough to not use microphones because it's always so impressive that you can hear them in the back row of the balcony anyways! The facility itself can impressively handle the attendees for how old it is - I've never missed a minute of a show because i was stuck in line for the restroom or a drink. It does crack me up how small the toilets are in some stalls though - I mean, were humans really smaller 100 years ago? On the same note - there's not a ton of leg room in this place so don't expect it. I love going to Shea's and jump at any opportunity. My recommendation, if you're deciding where to purchase seats - the back rows on the floor are the worst because there's no escaping the tall guy in front of you (if you're so unlucky). Peeps are only getting bigger so your chances of a clear sightline are decreasing by the minute - opt for the balcony if you can't get a seat in the lodge before row U/T/V. There isn't really a bad seat up there (but it can get warm - dress in layers)!
Saw a few shows here from a national comedian to a Broadway production and they were both great. Perfect venue for a big comedy show. The building itself is beautiful and hearkens back to a different age where going o the theater was the only form of entertainment.  Great acoustics,
Incredible venue that continues to be the spotlight of Buffalo's Theatre community: perfect for ballets, Broadway shows, concerts, weddings and parties. I've been to Shea's numerous times over the years and every time it's a treat to sit in a Theatre with its extensive history and beautiful interior architecture. The Theatre is designed in beautiful baroque style with grandiose chandeliers and staircases giving the place a distinguished feeling of royalty. While it looks unassuming and small on the outside, as you step inside you feel the richness of the ambiance and the breathtaking open spaces that position this Theatre as one of Buffalo's greatest gems. It's a great place to bring a date, relax and enjoy a great show. While ticket prices may turn some off, there are "Rush" tickets available for some shows and I've been able to catch the Broadway showing of Rent for $20. The acoustics are great for concerts, although Shea's is a better place to see an Orchestra, then say...a heavy jam-infused/rock concert simply because you would have more space to dance in a venue without the seating. While this is a great place to enjoy main-stream plays / concerts and events as a lot of national tours go through Shea's, you won't find the more eclectic performances at Shea's. For those, check out the other 20+ Theatre's in Buffalo (New Phoenix, Subversive Theatre, Irish Classical). Shea's on its own, is a great venue with a rich history of almost 100 years. I'm grateful that it still stands.
This theater was the venue for my friends' masquerade-themed wedding. It was perfect! Beautiful candelabras and chandeliers, warm atmosphere, and awesome service. The lobby was used as the ceremony room (with bride and groom up the winding staircase) and the dance hall as well. The backroom was the dining area which was beautiful. I was surprised that despite there being a whole stage area, I was too busy enjoying myself to go explore. I feel like the behind-the-scenes for this event must have been above-and-beyond. Wedding planning can be stressful, and while I did think the bride was about to snap from stress, I don't think that had anything to do with Shea's. Thanks for a wonderful night!
Aside from being a beautiful theater for shows,  it's a beautiful venue for a wedding.  The bar package included was such a great selection - far from the basics. Love how the dance floor is separate enough from the seating area allowing people to still sit and talk.  Very Grand and unique looking wedding!
We got tickets to The Book of Mormon, and it was easy to order, easy to get the tickets, quick service to get in and helpful ushers to get me exactly where I needed to sit. During intermission they have lots of food and beverages to choose from along with great merchandise from the show. I have been here for many shows in the past and its a great theater to watch any show and there really isn't a bad seat in the house!
Probably my favorite place in Buffalo. I used to come here as a kid for musicals, plays and concerts. Shea's reminds me of old Hollywood and a time when theaters used to be grand, glorious venues, where people dressed up in their finest tuxedos and gowns for a fabulous night on the town to see a show. It still has that vibe. The gorgeous red seats and gold, ornate fixtures. It's just beautiful. Obviously it's a theater so the acoustics are amazing. I just love everything about this venue. We looked into having our wedding here but being it was during the holidays, they cover the place in pointsettias and evergreen trees- and while it's a gorgeous scene- it's not the vibe I was going for for the wedding. Any other time of the year, I would have jumped at the opportunity to have had it here. I urge anyone who has the opportunity to come see a musical coming through town or anything other concert that Shea's is playing. It will be a wonderful event. And don't forget to take a look up at the ceiling- it will take your breath away.
I recently got married in the lobby of Shea's and it was great.  The building is beautiful, the price is reasonable and Bobbi (the coordinator) was great to work with.
Beautiful venue.  Great acoustics. All seats are good, even in the balcony.  I love that they bring a variety of shows to Buffalo and also have fundraiser events where you can have parties on the stage
I think everyone should go here at least once in his or her childhood, and again in his or her adulthood. What a majestic venue! The sound, lighting, and aesthetic appeal are great! The seating is very uncomfortable, though. Parking is a bit of a hassle, not so bad if you get there super early and are able to park on Main St.
Gorgeous venue with great sound.  I absolutely loved the one and only time I got to catch a rock show at Shea's.  Spectacular venue, one of the best indoor venues in the nation in my opinion.
