I'm a big fan of the PIT.  I've been to a few shows here, and I always have a good time.  I find the shows at the PIT to be funnier than those at UCB, and I also like the more laid-back vibe of this place.  There's definitely a variety of comedians and types of comedy, but I like that this place doesn't take itself too seriously. There's a full bar apart from the actual theaters, and the drinks are cheap and well-mixed.  I've always found the bartenders super friendly and attentive, and I like the slightly weird decor.  It's a great spot to hang out before or after a show. The shows are affordable, and you can show up and buy a ticket right before a show - no need to make a reservation or wait in a long line.  Overall, it's a great spot for some cheap booze and laughs, a great alternative to going to a regular bar.
I've been here a few times, and each time I went it seems like I was goofing around with friends on a Saturday night. The audience and the cast seem to know each other, and I suspect that comedy troupes come to see each other and that's how they fill the audience. It's not stand-up, but mostly theater games. If you were in Drama Club in high school you've probably played some of them. Not surprisingly, some of the participants are funnier than others. This made it fun for me to watch, because I was rooting for one person to come back into the scene (excited for what they would add to the scenario). They are also pretty good about letting a scenario die before it gets tot the point where the audience is rolling their eyes because it has "jumped the shark." Another bonus, some of the cast members can sing. Tickets are cheap and you can buy them the night of. It's not a place that I would take friends in from out of town, because it's really not anything "special" that they couldn't see at home, but for people who live here it's a great idea for something different to do on a weekday night.
Much love for the PIT.  They're not as crisp as Upright Citizens Brigade, but they're still great.  Plus, I love that you can show up 10 minutes before a show, buy $5 tickets, and then see a show.  That low-key approach is great, and I feel like if I lived closer to PIT, I'd be there all the time. I also saw a sign for drop-in improv classes.  Tempting tempting.
This spot has potential. Depending on the team performing[1] you might be in for a treat, but it's a mixed bag of truly horrid actors, and talented quick thinkers that left me in stitches! Last I was here, we worried a bit when tip jars were being passed around before the show even started. Then again, we were crashing a free performance - those are Wednesdays - so if you do the same, do your part and donate. Alchies should take advantage of the bar out front, especially before heading into a show. [1] Oh, and words the audience provides. If asked to provide a word during the improv brainstorming session, try "taint" and see what happens.
I have a fear of watching friends perform. This is because I have a fear of lying to the people I love. I have seen way too many friends play rock shows, or perform in plays, and I have had to lie to their faces WAY TOO MANY TIMES. "Yeah, you were great." "Fucking...awesome" "That was. Really deep." I took a leap of faith by going to see a friend's improv show, and I'm pretty glad I did. I didn't have to lie once, and I laughed a lot. At $5.00 a ticket (if you reserve ahead of time), you really can't go wrong. It's something new and different in a city that sometimes feels like a giant sea of alcohol. Yes, I drank a beer. The experience was still a breath of fresh air, but not fresh enough for me to want to take a class...baby steps! Baby steps!
Okay so I had been wanting to check this place out for a while now and finally decided to go! I purchased my tickets online the morning of the show, as I am always sacred things will sell out it if I wait to buy them at the counter. The critic's pick and the award winning imporv show playing on a Saturday night is Murderfist. It started at 10:30pm and I was afraid that I would be content laying on the couch if I waited for that show time. So I decided on the Baldwins and Big Black Car because it started at 8:00. I arrived there 30 minutes early just in case there was a line to enter the theater. I am obsessed with having good seats! There was no line but there was a bar with reasonably price drinks...so my fiance says. There was a nice little crowd waiting in the bar area for the show to start. When I entered the theater, I thought this is good because you can see the stage area from any seat and the theater is small so you would never feel super far away from the stage. The show was meh- to me. Two improv troupes perform for like 20-30 minutes. I rarely laughed but most of the people there laughed a lot and seemed to really enjoy it. So it's not that it wasn't funny so much as it just did not tickle my fancy. My sense of humor was not jump started by these particular improv troupes, but I do think that I could enjoy improv and therefore will go back to see another improv show. They have like 95 shows there throughout the week so I am sure there is something that would have me laughing for days. I love that this place offers affordable entertainment by people trying to do their thang! I recommend checking the People's Improv theater out! Although I did not laugh all night, my sense of humor is not the standard or meter for what's funny. It would be a nice date spot or cool to go with several friends.
Huzzah for Improv! OK I'm a bit biased. I love improv. I went to all the Improv shows at my school. I took an Improv class my senior year. I decided to try and teach improv to 10 and 11 year old girls. Improv is an incredible skill, that I never considered myself good at really but people who do it have my ultimate respect. I had walked by PIT once before when I wanted some food and got lost in the wasteland that is Midtown South before 9PM. I saw the red door and thought to myself that I should check it out one day. Yesterday was that day. A brother of a friend of a friend was performing. It's a converted apartment walk up. I think that is so cute! The black box was great and intimate. Full house. I came to see Secret Hospital. I was in stitches. The audience was rather dead but oh man! The cast was incredibly funny. SH! players work really well together to pull off long-form which is in my opinion the hardest thing to do. Sketch comedy can be really on but a lot of it has to do with how the audience is feeling that night. There's a mini-library with some interesting literature (Shakespeare to Nietzsche). The ticket system is kind of weird. TIP: I suggest buying tix in advance so you can avoid any kind of hassle. Just show up and say your name. But don't lose your ticket waiting for the house to open. Then you hold up the line and might have to sit in a broken chair and slouch to feel comfortable. while craning your neck to see over the wide-shouldered person in front of you. (...not that that happened to me or anything ... just a suggestion.)
Low in cost but high in returns (if measured by laughs). I came to the PIT for the first time last night with a few friends to catch The Harvard Sailing Team (one of my co-worker's brothers is in the sketch group). We were laughing pretty much non-stop! $10 for an hour of live improve entertainment = not too shabby. The theater is small small small, so prepared to get cozy. It's a little uncomfortably cramped in the lobby before the show starts, and only one bathroom - eeek! As soon as the door opens, try to get seats high up on the bleachers. There are about 10 rows with 8 seats in each row. Some of the shows sell out pretty quickly - try to show up at least 20 minutes before the show starts to get tickets. Or, to really make sure you get tickets, call up the theater beforehand to reserve yours. If you want to have a drink during the show, there IS a bar, so you can buy wine for $5 a glass (I think beer, too) to bring into the theater.
the People's Improv Theater, or the PIT as the hipsters call it, is a small imrov venue nestled in the foothills of wholesale shops and discount furriers. It's unassuming red door reveals a stair up to a smallish waiting room. The PIT serves alcohol, so no need to brown bag it. The theater itself is pretty small and fills up very quickly, mostly with a mix of PIT improv students and audience members. The show I checked out was the Wednesday House team night and the Faculty show, spotlighting the teachers at the PIT. The best part is that Wednesdays are FREE! Yeah, free! It's a great way to blow a few hours before a train out of Penn Station. As with any improv show, it's always different so if you didn't like one night check out another night. My only criticism of the PIT was I wasn't at all sure how the theater worked. The first thing you have to do is get a ticket at the bar with a number on it. The number means nothing, other than to notify the PIT on how many cards they have given out. You then have to mill around a decent sized waiting room for the doors to open and clamor through them to get a seat. TIP: for popular shows the PIT adds 2-3 extra rows of chairs in front of the bleachers. If you are in the front set of seats you are going to have trouble seeing any scene work below the waist. If you're short you better hope the improvisers are tall. I would recommend sitting in the third row of seats up the bleachers. You'll get a better veiw even if you are further away from the stage.
Bottom line: The PIT is super fun. If you are in the improv world, interested in becoming a part of the improv world, or just like to laugh (and who doesn't like to laugh??) you need to get into it... now. Why do I love The PIT, you may ask? Let me count the ways... 1. It has a great, intimate theatre with really great shows. I came on Saturday night and saw Big Black Bar and The Baldwins. Both teams were really funny. 2. The PIT offers great classes. I got involved with The PIT when I started working with my commercial agent. The first time I met with her she said to me, "Everyone I work with takes a Level 1 improv class."  She recommended The PIT. 3. They offer lots of stuff for free! Every day there is something different.  Wednesdays at The PIT are Super Free Wednesdays. All the shows from 6-11 pm are free. 4. They sell beer and wine! Yay. Clearly, The PIT is a win, win, win, win situation. I hear they are moving to a brand new space on the east side. Can't wait to see it!
Wow, this space is AWESOME. I'm a huge Margaret Cho fan, and when I received news via her E-mail blast that she was coming to the PIT for one night only with John Roberts, I knew that I had to be there. Tickets were $20, which I thought was uber reasonable for a Margaret Cho show. I wanted to see her when she was on her last tour...and tickets were at least double/triple that. I love me some M.Cho, but it's not an arm-and-a-leg kind of love. So, thanks PIT for making this experience an affordable one! The bar area outside of the theater space(s) is super cozy. PIT serves several different beers and wines, and also has a full espresso bar. The lounge area is very comfy/cozy, and the lighting is perfect. I was happy to have arrived early to be able to lay low a bit before the show started. The seats in the theater are very comfortable. Thankfully the person that I went with is a good friend of mine, because there was a lot left to be desired in terms of leg room...but it was still comfy nonetheless. I will definitely be back again sometime soon. I'm dying to check out Free Wednesdays..."free" and "improv" sounds like the best combination ever!
I take classes at PIT. I have performed at PIT (as part of a class). And I have watched shows at PIT. This is the real deal, folks. There are 3 big improv places in NYC: PIT, UCB, and Magnet. I am very happy with the quality of the instruction here. I hear UCB is very snobby and competitve, so I that's why I didn't take classes from there (although the quality of the shows are probably higher). The show I watched was Centralia (my teacher is part of that group). Pretty solid improv, also includes musical improv. Wayne Brady-style.
You gotta love the theater of the people. This is a small place with an adjoining bar that has a decent beer selection, full bar and some sangria. Prices ain't bad. Most of the clientele seemed to know each other from other performances as well as the classes they offer on improv and sketch writing. The theater itself is small (I actually believe there might be two). The one I was in could fit about 50 people max with a small stage. The show I went to, National Scandal was great. Super lax, funny and exciting to see such a raw show. For $8, I thought it was great value. The drinks were fine. My $6 white wine filled the spot, definitely wasn't the best wine I have ever been sippin' on but, good enough and the service was friendly. I'd definitely come back to this joint to see some comedy and have a drink. Gotta support the arts and the people.
The Pit is fabulousity. Disclaimer*** I have only used the cafe/bar services. I've unfortunately never been here for the theater, but that will change quite soon. My college is right across the street so naturally, I pop in for a coffee or some food almost every day. The decor inside is so warm, you almost feel as if you are home. The waiters are incredibly friendly. I have to stress this. They just might be the friendliest out of any establishment I've been to. The coffee is great, food is great, prices are low. Since I walk by this place generally once in the afternoon and once at night, it should be noted how popular it is. Walking by, there is always a group of people standing outside and excitedly talking about a show they've just seen. Its incredibly luring and I look forward to watching a show. They have a Foursquare deal for a free drink with your first check in so be sure to collect if you do!
I've been here 3 or 4 times now, and every time it's been a treat. Sure, a lot of the comedians here are up and comers, but that's what this place is all about-- exploring new comedy talent in the making! Most nights, the shows are super cheap (like $5 or $8), and, on some nights, the shows are free! You cannot beat that. And, they don't try to make up the different with drink pricing. The drinks are reasonably priced and tasty. On a recent visit, I checked out their Pilot Program, which features original, half-hour pilots that comedy writers are hoping will one day make it to TV. Very cool! IMHO, if you live in NYC and haven't visited the PIT (People's Improv Theatre), then you're missing out.
If you're in the mood an evening of hilarious improv comedy, you should definately... get tickets for the Upright Citizens' Brigade ! But if you didn't book well ahead and the UCB is sold out, then you should... see if you can get tickets for The Magnet Theater ! But if you can't get tickets at the Magnet then... you may want to consider going to the Peoples Improv Theater. Don't get me wrong, I've seen some funny, worthwhile shows at the PIT (The Harvard Sailing Team comes to mind).   But it's not a sure thing; the quality of talent at the PIT is much more patchy than at the consistently-entertaining UCB. To add insult to injury, unlike its competitors, the PIT doesn't even have particularly cheap booze: Amstel Light bottle - $4 Stella Artois bottle - $5 Magners Cider bottle - $5 Glass of Red or White Wine - $5
I prefer this one to UCB since there is more space, it's a lot nicer and they don't shoo you out of the theater the instant a performance is over, making it impossible to socialize or network.  They also have their own bar space and room. Last night was my second trip there and I was happy to hear there was a free improv jam since I'd thought they only did that on Wednesday nights.  Went in, participated and got compliments later on despite being rusty as a performer and having very limited formal training. I'd come back tonight if I didn't have to get up early Thursday morning.  Think I'd totally take people I know to this since the improv was a lot of fun and there was funny stuff.
This Theater is amazing! THE SPACE- As an NYC performer this is one of my favorite stages to play on. the theater is run well and kept clean by a large team of employees all dressed in red and black THE SHOWS- Impov, Sketch, Stand-up and Variety As this is a comedy house you can say "This show sucked" or " This show was awesome" and it really doesn't matter because the shows change every week and if it's an improv show you will never see it again. What does matter is, that this place has quantity and quality . The PIT births amazing talent. They have a school and many of the improvisers are from that school. This theater allows for new talent to try new things it is not a cookie cutter "brand" of comedy. Check out a show  at this space and 6 months later you'll see a player from the show in a movie or on TV You may get cursed out in one show and prayed for by a religious zealot in another. This is really a space that cultivates variety and some of the best shows are happening in this theater with tickets from $0-$10 THE BAR The drinks are very nicely priced. ( beer is $4) The all male bartenders are nice (could use some gals behind the bar) The food is really for the bar crowd. I'd suggest going to a nice dinner spot  if you are wanting to impress your hot date but you're not going to get sick eating here . If you want to have a comedy bender you can arrive first thing when the PIT opens( 10am) have breakfast and some coffee start watching shows at 6pm or 7pm depending on the day and continue watching comedy until 1 am. And if you play your cards right you'll have spent less than $50
I love improv, so I was excited to see that there's a place close to my apartment in the slightly unhip east side. I've been to four shows here, two were fantastic and the other two were uncomfortable and somewhat painful to watch. Comedy is a bit hit or miss, so that's not unexpected. I give them three stars for that. The fourth star is for the little things. It's a great, clean, new space, especially for improv. The drinks are reasonable, they give a lot of free stuff. As someone on a budget, I try to hit the Super Free Wednesdays. One of my favorite groups is Someday the Cake & Borealis. Other than that, I would say choose wisely.
Remember when in Never Been Kissed Drew Barrymore is like, "So, like, what are your hopes and dreams?" Well Drew, the PIT is that... A magical places of hopes and dreams and comedy.   Well, that may be a little exaggerated, but as a student at the PIT for almost a year now I can tell you what a wonderful, inspiring place this is to study and just hang out. The teachers are first rate and the shows are cheap and hilarious. A couple I recommend include, Balwins/Big Black Car on Saturdays at 8pm, Someday the Cake on Superfree! Wednesdays at 9, and Hello (which is musical improv) on Fridays at 9:30. They also have free improv jams like every day of the week, if you're into doing improv yourself. I like to bring out of town friends here. The LOVE Bar in front has awesome drink specials and friendly bartenders. I can't say enough great things about this place. If you have any questions about classes or show feel free to message me.
This place has done well for itself! I went to see "Politcal Subversities" (I know the musical director, hehe) and it was great!  The show was fantastic and very creative.  They sing about everything.. EVERYthing.. (Justin Beiber!) But the place itself was nice!  You can drink inside the theater and it's very red... LOL However, great experience overall and go see the show for a great laugh!  (as long as you don't mind being offended on purpose :-P  )
I like improv. I love improv! The Pit is AWESOME. I came here with my date and his crew to support his friend who was in the Level 2 grad showand I had a ton of fun! For $8, it's an affordable good time. The lobby area is mainly a large open space with a bar area. They have a great selection of craft beers, as well as Magners Cider, hard liquors and wine. Their happy hour is great - Magners Cider on tap for $5 before 7pm? Yes please! The bartenders were friendly and quick. If beers/cider/wine does not entice you, their full espresso bar will. Come here a little early before the show to enjoy a tipple or two! Oh and they also have a Pac Man arcade table..yeaaah buddy! The theater itself is small but comfortable. Extra brownie points for having cup holders, like the ones in the cinemas, so you can drink while you watch. I can see myself come back here often. They have a great performance set, something different going on all night. Who's coming with me!?
Your experience here will really vary depending on the show you see, it's improv so you could see an amazing show one night and not the next. Luckily ticket prices are super low it's common to run into their free and $5 shows, it's rare to encounter a PIT show that costs more than $10. Unlike UCB the PIT actually has 3 theaters with a decent amount of seating. Don't worry about getting tickets ahead of time as unless it's a special show, they don't typically sell out. I came last Saturday to see a musical improv show by the groups Dagger and Hello. The one by Dagger was brilliant, the one by Hello was kind of a miss. The only real negative I can find is that their bar in the front room is pricey, most beers are running around $7. I guess that's how they keep their ticket prices and Improv classes so low. I'll definitely be back for more shows, sooner than later.
Went here on a Friday night maybe half a year ago for an improv show. We grabbed food in K-town while we were waiting for the show to start and we were pleasantly surprised. A tiny theater (maybe seats 60-70 people?) that was maybe half full, but an audience that was obviously ready for laughs. The premise of the show was to take an audience member's experience from living somewhere exotic. Luckily my friend had lived in Saudi Arabia during her childhood, so the whole show was making fun of her time in Saudi (SAUUUoooooooooooDI)! It made for some great laughs, albeit dotted with some stale moments (but that's to be expected with improv). All in all a good way to spend a night if you are turning in early without breaking the bank. 3 stars for a pleasant experience with friends that was full of laughs Revisit? Maybe
I attended the Sands show last week and was well entertained. My favorite part about PIT is the wonderful front of house staff and the happy hour deals. The show was enjoyable enough and the $5 price was right enough that I will definitely go back during my trip to NYC.
Soo my friend and I got thrown out of the Pit on Sunday night... Was my first time there.. Strolled in after an indoor soccer game at Baruch College.. Walked in with a friend, sat down, bartenders were very friendly.. few nice selections on tap.. Had a round and found there was a free show playing, sweet! Went downstairs sat down at the bar which is behind the rows of seats and to the left towards the exit.. Met with another bartender Trung, who was super down to earth.. We are chilling laughing enjoying the show. I threw out a suggestion for an act for one of the teams (rocket-ship) and they used it woohoo I had heard a lot about the PIT and the improv was fresh.. Then this happened.. I came back from using the ATM down the street because the ATM in the PIT is 5 dollars.. and I sat down and the bartender and my friend told me they warned us to be quiet.. Was kind of strange because I don't remember being loud at all.. Whatever.. Then another show comes on .. and I remember my friend and I were talking amongst ourselves (at the bar, about 25-30 feet from the stage) in very low voices as not to disturb the performance.. sure we had a few rounds but we are not smashed or being rowdy at all.. (I am a performer myself) all of a sudden this skinny dude comes up and tells us we have to leave.. I quietly straight up tell the dude we were not leaving and he was being oversensitive.. then his buddy comes over with the beard and gets up in my grill peice about how we gotta go.. we start arguing.. (the volume then extends to normal now).. then they make this big act of throwing on the lights and turning on music and try shaming us to leave.. it was unreal.. I am pretty much unphased at this point and kind of enjoying this attention because it is so ridiculous.. honestly, I doubt highly that any single audience member or performance member heard us talking as they all looked generally confused... It was comical because you could tell this guy was part of homeland security, had his finger on orange alert, and finally got a chance to strike. It succeeded in the following.. Took us away from the bar where we were spending money Interrupted the performance (like for real) Created a negative experience for 2 paying first time customers The improv was great, the drinks were decently priced, the service friendly.. Just be on the lookout for inspector skinnyjeans on his pit power trip. We laughed all the way to the subway, what a show!
It says something that I was laughing so hard at this show, I forgot about how totally uncomfortable the seats were. Good food in the lobby, great evening entertainment, perfect location.  I saw Big Black Car and the Baldwins, and would definitely go back to see them and to check out other groups.
Pre-Review heads up: Tickets can only be bought with cash, but the bar accepts credit cards, don't miss a show because you're short on cash, it's depressing. Okay, I'll admit it. I love this place. A friend of mine who lives in New York told me about this place back when it was in the old location, far away from everything. This new location with a full bar is not only nicer but much better located for me (I stay in the Flatiron district when in NY). The shows here are all great, though the $5 shows aren't always as good as the $10 ones. The Super Free Wednesdays are AWESOME, but only if you get yourself some good karma and toss a few in the "Karma Jar", and yes, they pay it forward, supporting a guy who feeds the homeless by donating 50% of the proceeds to him. The bartenders here are really cool guys and should be treated with respect. It disheartens me when someone treats them as "lesser thans", and it usually just indicates that that person is a jerk. The beer selection is awesome, and they have some nice stuff to get drunk on. My personal favorite is the Brooklyn Lager, or Summer Ale when in season. The combination of beer with comedy is a match made in hysterically drunk heaven, and hysterically drunk heaven can be a very fun place to be, and when it is, it's hysterical.
Very crowded upstairs so I wouldn't show up too early. Come in time to get your ticket and head downstairs, that is all that you really need to do. You might want to take a few minutes to people watch and scope out the scene upstairs though. You'll definitely run into a few characters. The artwork upstairs is also very nice. Downstairs had plenty of seating, so you don't really have to worry about standing. No matter where you sit or stand, you'll probably have a good view of the stage (which is pretty small). Good acoustics for this type of performing. It was kind of stuffy/sweaty though. The actors had some pitt stains going on...but don't worry, it's kind of dark down there so your date won't see until you get back upstairs... The bar downstairs was closed? Eh? Confusion? Oh well, their loss of $$$. The show that we saw was $5 on a Saturday night. You can't get much cheaper than that for entertainment on the weekend in the city. In fact, I'd say that's a great price. I'm sure other shows are pricier (depending upon who is performing). Honestly, I am not a huge improv fan, but I've been to a lot of bars/clubs/lounges in NYC. This one is definitely not bad. Very very crowded as the night goes on though. Grab your laughs here and then your drinks elsewhere. No complaints otherwise. Great for a first date.
Stopped in for a show with Stone and Stone along with amateur comedians, was good entertainment on a Monday. They have multiple stages within and free improv comedy on Mondays and wednesdays. Beers and wines range between $5-$7 on average. A good place to grab a drink and get some entertainment. Will come again
Very high quality improv, great bar, great prices. I can't recommend this place highly enough if you're looking for something to do for an evening.
So fun!  I had no idea what to expect when invited to a comedy show here for my friend's birthday, but it was a really good night. First, the bar: There's plenty of room in the bar unless a show is about to start, and they have seating at tables and at counters that line the windows if you're interested in sitting down.  They're a wine and beer bar only, but they do serve hard cider for people like my yeast-allergic birthday-celebrating amiga.  Yeungling on tap for $4, most others are $5, cider is $6.  The bartenders are not too chatty but they are fast and friendly. Now, the theater: Once you grab a drink and a (very uncomfortable) seat in the theater, the fun really begins.  I saw Harvard Sailing Team, who I thought were really entertaining.  I'm always wary of comedy shows, but this sketch team had music-infused, accessible, and generally clean humor (read: not too awkward to see with your parents) that always got a laugh, and a couple of times got some tears of hilarity.  Good times, good times...
The PIT is AMAZING! If you think otherwise your just WRONG! That is all.
Good for a passive night out and cheaper than most movies. The stuff is done in a large humble room with a bunch of chairs in the back facing "stage." No drink minimum. Went on a Saturday for the sketch show. The show before it was standup with naked comedians which didn't appeal to me. Many of the sketches were okay. Its like I get it, I understand, thats funny, but not laugh out loud funny. I'd give them a B+ for effort. Still better than the current SNL (which unfortunately isn't saying much).
It's such a great space to chill and have a beer while waiting for the show to start. It's relaxed, not crowded and loud and you can mingle with the other improv performers. Don't get me wrong. The quality of the comedy is going to be hit and miss since this is improv but my review is for the space. The Harvard Sailing team has a great repertoire of skits. They will select a few of their skits for every show so don't come expecting something different everytime. But I love the quality of their shows as it stands out from the crass humor prevalent in most comedy clubs nowadays. You can bring your drinks in the theater or you can just relax in the seats without being pestered if you want to buy more overpriced drinks (which are reasonably priced here!!) and enjoy the show. Which again, can be hit or miss but the price is right!
I caught the second performance Night of the Living with Kurt Braunohler here on a recent Friday evening and had a good time. The theater itself is in an extremely nondescript location, on a fairly deserted block in an awkward area somewhere between Murray Hill and Flatiron, but you walk into a surprisingly roomy bar that's a pretty chill place to hang out before a show. I also had absolutely no complaints with the show itself - a live parody of a late night talk show (which explains the 11pm start time). It was funny and lively and definitely provided $10 worth of entertainment. There was a great line-up headlined with Kristen Schaal, Todd Barry and Ted Leo, as well as a lively backing band and the hilarious Adira Amram and the Experience, a spirited trio of 80s inspired dancers that are literally jaw-dropping in how quickly they'll take you back to the 80s and Solid Gold, if your consciousness remembers that kind of craziness. My only complaints are these: 1. Incredibly narrow rows. I am not a large person by any definition, whether American or global, and I had to sit with my knees at a 45 degree angle to avoid jamming them into the seats in front of me. Not the most pleasant way to laugh through two hours. My friend's view was also obstructed by a large pillar. 2. Lack of space to line up to get in. I got there only a few minutes early, and the line to get into the theater stretched out the door. It was a cold night, and even some light crowd control would've helped a lot to avoid the vague chaos that ensued from people on line and bar people colliding.
I usually don't like improv theater but I decided to check this place out due to the fact that it's close by! I must've not gotten the better act because it wasn't as entertaining as promised. I gave it four stars because of the coffee and tea part of the place! It was nice to be able to sit there for an hour or two with a good cup of coffee. Also the decor always has you wondering. I do believe they have potential in the improv acting area. I saw it deep within, it just didn't display itself in the show I went to. Could have been an off day!
One of the best deals in the city. Shows are well worth the price tag which ranges anywhere from Free-to-$10. I am not a huge fan of Improv but I enjoy it when I'm losing my faculties (towards the end of evening). Instead, I opt for one of the scripted shows that are usually on the schedule.
Oh man, my tummy still hurts from laughing so much. Favorite part of the skit was Alfred, the man-servant, who had to help his owner move her legs in kickboxing class. Really good vibe at this place and among the groups. I recently went to Upright Citizens Brigade, which I love, but it seemed one of the improv teams had a bit of tension (or competition) amongst them. So it was really refreshing to see the improv teams here working so well together and having a great time! I've heard this place is a hit or miss. I guess we got a hit Saturday night at the 11 p.m. showing of Tug of War. Two improv teams competed against each other and the audience voted on the funniest one. If you're not sure which show to watch (cause we were also deciding between the Variety show and the Tug of War), be sure to ask the guy at the front desk. Super-friendly and nice and he even looked up the members that were performing and gave us a recommendation based on that. Btw, Tug of War is only $5 and it's totally worth it! You can buy alcoholic drinks at the bar (which is pretty snazzy) and has really cute bartenders. You can also buy drinks downstairs. The cool part? Free do-it-yourself water at the bar. And the bar is decorated with all sorts of inspirational quotes. Not so cool part? There wasn't much to do while waiting for our show. Wish they had a pool table or something. And I felt the show was too short. I guess I'm used to a break in between and then continued laughter. Not the case here. What a way to spend Saturday night -- rolling in laughter! I'm so coming back!!!!
A bit more intimate than UCB, some of the most laugh-tastic nights of my life have been spent at the PIT. My friends and I talk about shows we've seen here the way people talk about movies they've been to. Teams not to miss: The Baldwins, The Faculty, Harvard Sailing Team, Big Black Car. They just moved to a new space, which I haven't been to yet, but they used to have a relationship with the bar across the street for cheap draughts after their shows.
Great place to go or bring your friends while they're visiting. It's relatively unknown, and the setting seems to be quite intimate. I really don't know of any other place in town that has free improv comedy, so that was a nice treat - and the players were great too. My favorite is when they involve audience members to play... I was there for what might have been the most hilarious/epic improv disaster in history, so it was worth it. There is really no telling what type of person is going to hop on stage and hijack the show until you see for yourself. I do hope to visit again soon, and perhaps stay behind to chat with some of the folk next time. Most people seem genuinely nice and fun to be around.
My boyfriend are both in our mid 20s and decided to check out the PIT on a Friday night since we live just a couple of blocks away. We recently moved to NYC from Boston and used to go to improv shows there on a regular basis. This was so far below our expectations, especially given the positive reviews. We had two drinks at the bar before our show. There was a good selection of beer and wine, but the service was not good. We had seats at the bar and had to wait 5-10 minutes just to get the bartender's attention because they were too busy talking to one another and putting away glasses. When it was time for our second drink, the bartender didn't even hand me my beer - he left it beside the beer tap, leaving me wondering whether it was my drink or not. The show we saw was Never Have I(Improv) Ever at 10 PM. It consisted of a panel of 5 actors sitting at a table, drinking beer, taking shots and exchanging "Never Have I Ever" stories. We may have chuckled twice, but the overall show was not funny and we were glad we did not pay more than $5 for a ticket. Perhaps we should have opted for something in the Mainstage theater where the actors might have been better.
Went here for the Improvathon (i think this was the name). They put about 25 people up on that stage and let them do their thing. It was funny...but it felt as if I was seeing them practice during class. Would I go back again...yes but then again......I think I would rather go to UCB...
Haven't been out to a comedy club in a while, so my boyfriend and I yelped for possibilities in the city. All other comedy clubs had high Saturday night cover charges plus 2 drink minimums. The PIT not only had a lower cover charge, but ended up having a free drink included with our $15 ticket! We saw the Political Subversities 9:30 show and were smiling/laughing from start to finish of the one-hour show. Smart, yet raunchy humor with politics and pop culture rolled into one! Felt like a really good off-Broadway musical! After the show, the entire (insanely talented) cast mingled in the adjacent bar. I'm a very satisfied customer, and would go back any night.
Funny!
nice selection of beers on tap.  saw performance by bbc and the baldwins this past saturday.  my first time here and was mildly amused.  hopefully someone can tell me how often masturbation and sodomy are included in their bits.
I've only been a handful of times, and so far I'm impressed!  Political Subverities was a very smart riot, so happy to see my friend musical accompany very talented and FUNNY young actors.  I also went to a live podcast recording for a podcast fest - that was cool too.  Great vibe in the bar area up front.  Would love to check out a class sometime, or see the PIT people perform.  Cool stuff going on.
The best place for Improv in the city.  Any night of the week they offer a great show (and many free one's).
I live next to PIT and finally made it in for a show. What an AWESOME show. I was impressed by how entertaining and funny it was. I went to Rumble on a Tuesday night at 930pm. The show was 1 hour and cost $5. I was laughing so hard I was crying.. and sweating. I'll be back.
I came here with my husband and a friend for the "Jester's Dead" performance- a blend of "Top Gun" and lines from plays by Shakespeare. Sounds crazy but it worked! We started out in their bar. It was laid back and the bartenders were great. Very attentive and friendly. They had three different sangrias- each glass only $5. Beers were about $6/7.  I recommend the "bee sting" sangria- it has a little bit of honey, cinnamon and rum in it. The show was HILARIOUS. Go see it when you get the chance! Can't wait to come back!
I went here to see Jen Dziura's one-woman, comedic performance about women throughout history. As a venue, there's not much to recommend it. The seating arrangements were more than adequate, but other than that the theater isn't too remarkable. The bar connected to it was intolerable. Too loud, too overcrowded, and the iced tea I ordered was extremely watered down. I suppose if the show was better I could have overlooked this place's inescapable limitations, but that wasn't the case.
Such a good time at the PIT! I came to the Political Subversities show and it's been a long time since I laughed my a** off so hard! I was impressed with the singing and dancing abilities of the group, but shouldn't be surprised that many of them are comedian-slash-other talent. It was my first time at the PIT and at the show so I was expecting improv, but the sketches were entertaining too. I also liked the bar area - we arrived there a bit early and I was glad that I didn't have to wait outside in the cold. Will definitely come to the PIT again to see that show and others.
Great time at New York Sketch Comedy Festival Oct 2012. I thought they did a great job! Fun place. Box office right when you walk in, to the left. Bar is after that to the right.
I've been here a couple of times and every time its a blast great laughs and good comedians
The PIT is a really great venue for improv. I've gone to many shows at the theater, and the staff is always friendly. The performers may not be big names now, but they have tons of potential. Offering super affordable entertainment, most shows at the PIT will only cost about $8. The prices at the "Love Bar" are also very reasonable. The only downside is that the lobby can get really crowded and there's not a lot of seating.
Friendly place, great atmosphere.  A good place to learn the nuts and bolts of comedy and improv.
I had taken a level one class here a while back and saw a show here tonight. I was taken aback by the amount of blue humor (ANAL RAPE, ANYONE???) that dominated most of the show.  I remember my instructor stressing that we play to "the height of our intelligence" when I took my class. It seems that someone forgot to tell their performers. I'm no prude by any stretch of the imagination, but I would never return or bring anyone to this place again based on this low brow crap that the improv troupe did tonight.  Aim higher, guys, and try to follow the advice of your instructors.  Oops, I forgot - some of you ARE instructors.  Hypocrites.
It wasn't quite as bad as last time, but my expectations were higher because it was a professional set show, not free student improv. Still, I walked away underwhelmed. The show is called Big Business, but don't be fooled - it wasn't about business. Some of the sketches were funny ("Classic Depp"), but several weren't at all. It was clear from the uproarious laughter at odd times that many members of the audience were (1) friends with the cast and/or (2) much drunker than we were. For $10 a ticket, it's cheap entertainment. But, when it was only 40 minutes long, I was relieved rather than disappointed.
This has a really fun free comedy improv on wednesdays. Definitely worth going I always laugh. Nice bar with snacks too.
If you never been I suggest coming here on Wednesdays where they have free shows from 7-11pm and then an open improv session so audience members can try it out. Depending on what group is performing it is hit or miss but you're bound to laugh. The bar area is also very nice. I suggest getting there early, having a few and then heading in to see the show. They also let you bring your drinks into the theater which is awesome.
If you are open minded in seeking laughter, I highly recommend PIT. This is the kind of theater I feel comfortable either going myself, with a date, or with a group of friends. I like the variety and choices of different shows, affordable and free. The bar and restaurant in the lobby make this place even more laid back and lovely!
Went here to see the show of one of the improv classes my friend was in. It was a very unique experience and the venue was very clean and had a nice attached bar. Would come again to see one of their better reviewed shows. Heard the one on the west side has better actors but this one has a better venue.
Good place for improv classes, I took a drop in improv class with Oscar that was fun, so I signed up for the series.  The Friday night drop-in instructor was not so great.
There's a lot going on at the PIT (People's Improv Theater if you hadn't figured that out)- and maybe too much.   Where do I begin?  Young budding performers (the next Louis CK, David Cross, Whitney Cummings, etc)  running around frolicking in the main lobby, a nice spacious red room which contains a bar, a water cooler on top of the bar, a handful of tables and stools around the perimeter and a swarm of horny-looking people- the sexual energy is ridiculous. I have to say that this reminded me a bit of my college theater department.  Criticism aside, the PIT is actually a very cool place to relax and see some cheap comedy, and, after dying of laughter on the floor, having a post-show chat with some of the performers and enjoying some greasy cheap food.  You may even get laid.    And I'm surprised I haven't been back for more....
Free Wednesdays - it can't get any better than that!  Sometimes free translates into crap, but not at the PIT.  The two groups were both amazing and did longform improv justice.  So if you've never seen longform improv before and are on a budget, this would be a great place to start.
You can see improv shows here for as little as $5 with no drink minimum! Do you need more encouragement? The drinks are reasonable too ($5-$7 beers) and it has a really fun, creative vibe. Just go!
Popped in on the FRIDAY night drop in class! The instructor was absent and another guy hosted the class. It started off strong but by the end it was a bit boring. Perhaps there were too many people in the class? (10 of us) However, this was a 3hr class and I do think it was helpful for $20. I'm going to give another class a chance since I'm  shopping around for classes.
Judging by the crowd that stands outside of this place and routinely ruins my night by practicing their terrible and profane skits on the sidewalk or in the doorway of my building, I will never regret boycotting the P.I.T., despite it being the only bar on my block (and I like beer and laughing).  I know several other people on the block other than me who have called this place on a weekly basis or more often to request that they keep the outside crowd under control.  However, night after night (including tonight) patrons of this place file out onto quiet little 24th street, screaming and singing in an inconsiderate display of self absorption.  I understand how things can get crazy on the weekends, but Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday night?  Hire a bouncer to keep people quiet and let the residents of the block sleep.
I had never been to the PIT, technically still havent, and after saturday night, ive got no plans to do so.  i heard a bunch about it, so i figured i would check it out when my roommate told me his sketch group would be performing.  i usually see them at UCB which i have been going to for improv and sketch shows for the better part of 6 years now.  so i bought tickets ahead of time online.  on my way into the city my subway broke down and i got massively delayed.  we rushed in there at 1135 and the guys at the counter wouldnt let us in. period.  no standing room, no refunds, no exceptions.  they said the show sold out.  so either my seats were empty and we couldnt sit in them or they just made an extra 12 bucks on that show.  ha, the best part of the whole thing was that as one guy is tellin me that i cant get in, the other guy is sittin in the doorway watchin the show.  hmm curious that you can sit there and watch from the doorway but a guy and his girlfriend are gonna break fire code. so im not making any exceptions either, im sticking to UCB where they dont steal your money, the beer is super cheap, the joint is much bigger, and they never turn people away.  aint that hard of a decision, huh.
Have a free evening and craving some low-pressure entertainment? Head to the PIT for some improv comedy with no drink minimum. But don't worry - there's still a comfortable bar up front to meet your drinking needs.  Win-Win. There's a variety of improvised shows to chose from every day of the week.  You could see anything from puppet 'prov to improvised rap with the popular group Northcoast. Recently I also saw a scripted comedy production that recreated Jurassic Park shot by shot using 2 actors and a foley artist - hilarious. By the nature of improv and sheer volume of shows programmed, it's going to be hit & miss.  But at least you don't have to worry about blowing your budget.  Mondays & Wednesdays are free and students can get $1 tickets to the regular shows, space permitting. Meaning you'll have extra cash to drop at the bar - beer starts at $4 for Budlight.   For those looking to tread the boards themselves, there are also free weekly drop-in jam sessions. The PIT serves up some NYC improv, but without the lines and intensity of some of the other popular comedy venues.
I love going to the People's Improv Theater. The acts are usually amusing and the prices are fairly reasonable. I have taken a lot of my friends here and they all see to enjoy their time here. The location is great for locals and visitors. You might have to walk a little ways from the metro but you can always catch a cab. They don't accept credit cards for ticket purchases, but the bar does accept cards. They have a good happy hour that makes their drinks a little more affordable. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in NYC. Definitely my comedy bar of choice here.
I am hoping this will work out with their ATM and my bank. (go and you will know if you have Ally Bank) About the improv, it's my first time going and felt stupid I don't even know what it is. These people actually make stuff up when they are acting and that blow my mind. Out of the door. We seat in the basement theater and dark as any movie theater. Even though I was late after being held up at the bar, I didn't miss much as the plot kept changing and the show is so fun. hint of advise from a friend, never sit in the front. Everyone is so nice here for some reason. I guess they are all drunk or just love the place. I liked it and definitely going back to the free monday and wednesday shows. I heard the weekends are better. Have fun
Here is where the sports fan meets the theatre enthusiast. Every night you can see live comedy, and, in between catch the score of the game. On top of that, the bartenders aren't assholes and actually don't make you wait 1/2 hour for a drink, no matter how crowded it is. Shows here are phenomenal and funny. Worth going on a Wednesday or Monday night when the improv shows are free!!!
Great front of house bar, easy going staff, the ability to buy advance tickets rather than go through the popular but sometimes cumbersome reservation and pay system, a nice venue with steeped seats and a spacious well lit stage, and of course a loaded schedule of cheap funny improv seven days a week between two spaces. I got your back, PIT.
In complete irony, I'll make this review as boring as the PIT is funny/worth your time. Show's good. Improv's funny. Ticket's cheap (free on Wednesdays). Beer's flowing. Seats aplenty. Attend back-to-back shows for a night of laughter. Go. End.
Great spot to catch a show. Came here to support a friend and had a great time! It's cozy and easy to get around the main room. Good music in the background and great Bar staff. There are two improv rooms from what I could tell. Our show was in the downstairs Critter Room. Loved the names! Wish getting a drink during the show was easier - kinda rude to just get up while these guys are performing.
This review will focus on the establishment, and not the acts, as improv groups will vary from night to night, and it's unfair to hold the PIT accountable, AmIRight? So, the PIT is a great place to go for an evening of sketch/improv comedy. The waiting room is spacious and humorously adorned with signs/motivational posters reminding people to have a good time and enjoy a few laughs. The bartender was cool, serving heavy pours and letting the evening flow. The theatre I sat in was veerryyyy comfortable. Stadium seating (elevated rows) and spacious, comfy seats, made the experience enjoyable while I watched the performers do their thing. One note: given the volume of shows that take place here, you need to be on your toes when the curtain is called.  I probably had less than 60 seconds from the time the theatre opened to the time the performers came on stage to take off my coat and find a seat, so keep that in mind, and keep an eye on the clock. Nevertheless, a great venue.
I'm not always a fan of improv but I had heard good things about PIT. My mom and I came to the imrpov musical show. We got there early since we didn't buy tickets ahead of time, but it left us the perfect amount of time to grab a drink (good selection and cheap), and play a game of tabletop Ms. Pacman.  Actually, the bar area overall was pretty good. I could see coming here just to have a drink. They announced it was time to line up for our show. After we were all settled in the theater, they asked for topic for the  musical. I was really mad when some girl yelled out "Pickles!" Really? Pickles? You're so funny. I was prepared for an unfunny hour of imrpov musical theater, but it ended up being highlarious! I think I laughed through most of the show. Plus, the actors could actually sing. An hour entertaining improv for two people, including drinks, for under $25? That's a pretty damn good deal to me.
For $10, the Choose Your Own Adventure series is funny enough. It's underground. There were a few too many high school kids, but if you aren't sure about improv it's a good way to get a feel for it.
