Avenue Q rocks! I had seen Avenue Q when it was on Broadway, but I had a lot more fun seeing it at the New World Stages.  The smaller space added to the fun of the show and the cast (with puppets) were able to come right over to our seats. We had a lot of fun and it was a great show.  The couple in front of us were from Maryland and retired and they said this was the best show they had seen in all their trips to New York. New World Stages is a huge space with several bars and the candy concession comes right to your seat.  We sat in the balcony and had a great view and would definitely go back.  With all the offers now, there's no reason not to go see this show. The songs will be stuck in your head for weeks and that's a good thing.
Each time I've seen this show, I've noticed that all the generations in the audience found it funny.  At first, I thought only a young crowd would enjoy the jokes since they are geared at a younger group, but after seeing the entire audience laugh hysterically throughout, I realized that people of all generations can still relate back to this rumor.   A wonderful show that keeps you laughing with tears.  I'd see it over and over again.  I've even seen it from the very back row of the theater, and it was STILL as wonderful as could be- and allowed viewing of some extra things.  Bring everyone you know.
Saw this a couple years back, just never got around to writing the review! I'm super duper slow I know! My friend and I actually got discounted tickets via the TKTS box office next to the Abercrombie & Fitch flagship store over near Battery Park. They had a couple of options but my friend suggested Avenue Q since she'd heard it was good. I hadn't heard anything about it aside from that it consisted of Muppets. But as a result, I had zero expectations. Had I had any expectations whatsoever they would have been surpassed either way. It was THAT good! I loved the storyline! Most likely because at the time, I was in my last year of college and I was just about to graduate and FREAKING out about my future and where my life was going to go, so I definitely felt the pressure that Princeton did. EXACTLY to the tee! Probably because I also graduated with a liberal arts degree in Graphic Design. Not the Asian parent dream obviously! Anyone who remembers their dilemmas from their college-to-real-world transition will enjoy this! Aside from the wonderful storyline, it was also super funny, though it is somewhat crude humor and definitely not suitable for youngins. What can I say, sex definitely sells! Yes, you heard it from me! These are not G rated puppets, more like X rated. Definitely not the puppets of Sesame Street we're talking about! I also loved how the musical dealt with issues everyone more or less faces aside from life and graduation, but also friendships, gender and race. For a musical that lasts a couple of hours, it dove quickly and deep. The venue is nice, they were showing other shows also but I can't remember what they were (not that it's relevant anyways since it's been forever since I saw it). But it was a smaller theater and more intimate (to see the puppet sex more clearly, of course! j/k). But even then, they had a nice bar and they sold Avenue Q swag outside of the theater. Not sure on the prices because I didn't buy anything but it was pretty nice. I'm so glad my friend dragged me over to watch it and I'd definitely watch it again. Though at a discounted rate once again because my wallet cannot take that hit!
The best thing I have seen in awhile! Witty (uncanny similarities with Seasame Street), funny and irresistibly adorable, I highly recommend seeing it! Finally bought tickets (on Groupon for $65) and my friends and I ended up in the third row, booyah. I loved watching the expressions of the actors and how they matched with their puppets. I have been pondering about the devilish voices in my head and now I can finally identify them as the "Bad Idea Bears".
Show with puppets...what?! At first I thought, this might be lame, but OMG, Avenue Q is hilarious and is NOT, I repeat, NOT for kids! Total adult material. I saw this show twice, I got rush tickets front row center, and Goldstar discounted tickets. Avenue Q consist of all different themes and they connect it with a story done by a group of munsters and people living in an apartment on Avenue Q. All the characters so awesome! The acting is great. Highly recommend!
Thu night show 5/29/08 We so lucked out by winning the nightly lottery - $21.50 for front row seats, baby!  And, I was seriously laughing so hard it brought tears to my eyes. We had been turned off by the overdone theatrics of Phantom of the Opera years ago, but I'm so glad we gave this show a chance.  Loved the small stage and the small theater and they did so much with the basic set.  It was great to be so close and see every little facial expression.  Really well done! I'm wondering if they have a DVD or soundtrack because I've tried to explain Ave Q to friends back home, but it's difficult to convey how great the lyrics are and how beautifully done it is.  I'd love to go again! And, I was wondering what ever happened to Gary Coleman...
Very creative and overally hilarious. And those people who move the puppets -- WOW!
Loved thier music. very catchy. The cast was great!! their voices were sooo amazing. I know it's puppets and at first I thought it was wierd that people came out with the puppets on their hands.. But afterwards I realized it was a must because the humans portrayed the emotion in their body movements and facial expressions. The story line was so cute. And as a college student, I thought it was very fitting and in a way.. useful? for the future. It's HILARIOUS. But definitely not for younger kids because it can get very vulgar. VERY VULGAR. freaking puppets had sex for crying out loud. but it was reallllllly cute. IT IS A MUST SEE. i know it's really expensvie, but if you do lottery you can win tickets for $21.50 front row. The first time I tried the lottery i didn't get it. But the second time my friend's name got called. YAYAYAYAYA. :))
Old couple in front of me walked out after the puppet sex scene. 'Nuff said.
I saw this show a couple of years back, and I completely loved it! I was skeptical about the fact that the actors actually talked with the puppets on their hand, but it made it even more pleasing, delightful, and funny. It takes a look on how some people just have a fucked up life, or think that they do, and compare each other's FML attitude with each other... Oh yeah, all set in a Sesame Street like atmosphere... Very entertaining!
Avenue Q is perfect for the newly graduated! It's a story about monster who graduated and has so much hope for the world and his life.  Ah - to be young again. I remember watching it when I was in my early 20's and now that I'm breaking 30, it still reminds me of the person I used to be. It's a great show with a great story and a killer cast recording.  I recommend watching it before you hear the music at home, and once you've memorized the entire recording, go back and see it again! I'm not a fan of musicals, but I am a fan of Avenue Q!  This show has something for everyone, but as the other reviewers have stated.  This is definitely not for kids! Now that it's back in Off Broadway I believe ticket prices should be lowered and seating is now closer.  Two perks for this amazingly fantastic show!
Finally...a musical that did not make me fall asleep.   Finally...a musical that I can actually understand what they are saying while singing. This musical was very humorous, fun, and meaningful.  I enjoyed every minute of it.  By the way, if you're trying to buy tickets from the Times Square TKTS, look for the Avenue Q representatives who are also selling them for a discount.  For only $5-$10 more you don't have to spend an hour waiting on the TKTS line.  I should've done that.
After hearing raving reviews from several friends and coworkers, I decided to surprise my bf with tickets to this show. He loves raunchy humor and I also enjoy it. I thought we were in for a hoot! My problem with musicals is that they're often too cheesy (that's kind of the nature of musicals). However, since this show had gotten props for being raunchy and crude, I thought it would be different. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. Some of the songs and dances are funny, and entertaining. But overall, I was cringing at how cheesy it was.. and some of the jokes were just in your face, and explained in song and it was just not  funny.  And to me the whole thing seemed unnecessarily long. Maybe my dirty mind expected something more crude and raunchy, more under the table, read between the lines humor? I'm not sure. I probably won't recommend this to friends. Sorry.
I went to see this with my boyfriend since he's never seen a musical. I've heard about how hilarious and funny the show was from friends and co-workers, yet I thought to myself "How funny can a show be with singing puppets?" Boy was I wrong. This show is hilarious, we were both laughing for practically the whole show. The songs were extremely funny and now when I listen to the songs I still laugh to myself. My boyfriend left way more excited than he was going in. Although I do not recommend bringing kids to see this. It is most definitely not a family friendly show. Overall though, it's one of the funniest and best musicals to see.
Hilarious, winning, touching and...with puppets. Perfect in every way. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE!!!
Looooved it! It's original, funny, and so much fun! Loved how they interact with audience and the material is outstanding. How can  you go wrong with puppets that cuss I tell ya?!? You can't!
This show is soooooo funny. I didn't know what to expect of a show with puppets but it ended being a really entertaining show. I've heard a lot of great things about the show but was skeptical about a show containing puppets. But after watching the show, I thought the puppets were great. The show was so smart and funny. I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a funny and entertaining show in NY. I do want to warn you that this show is not family friendly. It is definitely one for adults.
Thanks to the fact that Avenue Q is in the midst of a whirlwind national tour, I was able to catch this show when it  stopped in Milwaukee. I wish I had known about this show the last time I was in NYC, back in '04. But having heard about it just over a year ago, and having listened to many of the wonderful songs on the original Broadway sountrack, I was happy to see the traveling show, which features most of the Broadway cast. What a great musical. Inventive and funny, with a lot of heart and and irreverent streak. I have tried several times to explain to my peers just what this show is about, but when you explain to someone that it's "like Seseme Street but instead of teaching the ABCs, they teach adult themes," the whole concept sounds a little lame to most people. But I would urge anyone and everyone to go see this show. You don't have to live in New York to relate to these characters. They're in the process of growing up and growing older, learning life's lessons and going through the trials and tribulations we all deal with. How ironic that a show featuring puppets turns out to be such an endearingly human show. The acting and coreography are superb. The use of the puppets and the set design is inventive and highly entetaining. All around, a wonderful show.
An adult oriented broadway show that pokes fun at everything from racism to sexuality. I have always hated musicals but decided to give this one a shot since I have heard nothing but good things about it. Overall this show was great. Everything before the intermission was hilarious. There were a couple funny moments after the intermission but I think they would be better off getting rid of intermission and cutting some of the later acts. We had seats on the second row in the balcony and they were great seats considering its a small theater. Save yourself some money and get the cheaper balcony seats if you can get the first few rows of the balcony. Those seats are better than many of the lower level seats.
This show is so XYZ generation and oh so fun. There are so many great themes explored and made fun of in a clever, hilarious way. The best is the hoochie mamma puppet, loved her big boobs, ha. This is a great time and definitely recommend it for the many laughs you will enjoy. IT SUCKS TO BE ME, not really cause I got to see this wonderful show.
You guys are so hilarious! We laughed our asses off - what a great roundup of pretty much every (non-pc) cliche you could possibly think of! Go and see it- you won't regret it. Also, the venue is really nice to see: Old school, classy theater - this is the real deal.
I got to see Avenue Q before it leaves in Sept 2009 and I have to say I am glad I did....different.....who would have thought a play/musical about puppets and thieir raunchiness would have been such a hit!?! Not for young kids, not even for teenagers maybe. Small theater, so the bottom level are definetely better seats as you look at the puppets, and actors/actresses face-on.  Great time for good laughs.
This was my FIRST EVER play/musical experience and it was incredible!! It is clever and irreverent and hysterically funny. I'm not a "musical theater kind of guy" but I had a blast. It's Sesame Street on acid. How anyone could not LOVE this show is beyond me. A++++ It is currently playing off-Broadway at the New World Stages - which is a cool place in it's own right.
As much as I love this production, what I love even more is seeing the older couples sitting in front of me completely lose it and dissolve into unabashed giggles at songs like, "Everyone's A Little Bit Racist." I have seen it twice, and just purchased tickets to go a third time. The soundtrack is also a roadtrip staple. If you haven't seen it -- and you aren't easily offended -- you really must go immediately. It is smart, biting, and absolutely hilarious.
What is there to say about Avenue Q? There is too much to say. It is a very funny show and I could not stop laughing. The actors and actresses are pretty good singers and everything was incorporated rally well. They story was simple to understand and the actors were very good at using the puppets. It was quite educational. I learned about love, purposes in life, commitment, friendship, luck, racism, giving, and schadenfreude. Please do not go with children, this is an adult show.
This has to be the best show on the planet!  Short of them giving away money at the door, I don't know how ti could be better.  Great story and SO  funny.  Think of it as x-rated muppets.   I do not want to spoil it for everyone else...but you HAVE to see this show.  Definitely rated-R sexual humor, but for consenting adults this is SOOOOOOO funny!
LOL i generally don't go to or like musicals but this was soooo funny, memorable songs the internet is for porn Everyone's a little bit racist sucks to be you Its quite racy and raunchy extremely funny and i really liked the young cast that performed it. Unless you are a prude you will like this show
Raunchy Sesame Streets for Adults. This is the absolute funniest show I've ever watched, all sorts of adult humor from homosexuality to internet porn. I'm not going to ruin the show but this is a must if you just like to laugh. My girlfriend took me to watch this because she knows I will love it and I sure did. Off Broadway show and the theater was small. Set and costumes were very mediocre but the content was hilarious. A must see! disclaimer: definitely not for children!
Do you want to know why the internet is for porn? [WOW version of the music that we saw some time ago] youtube.com/watch?v=eWEj… My geeky+nerdy hubby became so interested in musicals after he heard the song actually being played in the theater. We had no idea that the original music was from Avenue Q. [Original music]youtube.com/watch?v=T-TA… One more reason to watch Avenue Q. I highly recommend it. Get you tickets from tkts too.
This is a humorous musical production, but not for kids (even though puppets are used).   However, the prices for these tickets were not much cheaper than Broadway tickets (I'd rather watch a large production Broadway show than a small production like this).
Very funny puppet comedy! I was really impressed with the acting. The raunchy scenes could be a little out there, but overall I came out of the show enjoying it and thinking it was really funny! :) Especially the lead actor, and the bad idea bears. Lol. "Gary Coleman" wasn't bad either.
You gotta give this cast credit...they work their butts off during this show.   They are very talented.   The story gets a little long at the end of act 1 and the beginning of act 2...but it's a lot of fun otherwise.   It is hilarious...very fun...glad I saw it and would recommend others to see it as well.
At first I had my doubts... I kept thinking, puppet show... really????  well i was wrong - this show was great! It is an adult themed show so not sure if you should take young kids as the material may be offensive or confusing.  I was laughing the whole way though.  This is a must see.  We were able to get discount tickets for the performance so our tickets were really reasonable.  The theater is a good size so there are no bad seats.  OMG  - who thought puppets could be so fun as an adult!!
When I first knew about the show I was like.. puppets seriously?  Lol but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I thought it was pretty funny and like Amir S.  below, I also liked the attention to detail. When I saw the pictures of the play, I thought it was going to look awkward seeing the people holding the puppets but I was completely wrong! In my opinion, I think it added more value to the whole show. I also got some cocktails at the bar upstairs which were not expensive and the bartender put a really good amount of alcohol in them ;)
HILARIOUS ... The concept was so straight the point! It makes you NOT feel alone in the world with all our "finding ourselves" issues - seriously! lol Plus, the puppet sex on stage made you think "Holy crap! are they really doing this?!?!?!?" - CLASSIC!!!!!!!
Went to see Avenue Q with my boyfriend, his father and his father's girl friend. It could have been perfectly awkward to see some scenes (you will know what I mean when you see the show) and hear some songs (you will know what I mean when you see the show) . BUT, the show was sooooo hilarious in presenting those that it was utterly entertaining. We related a lot of things from this show. almost too many things. I would like talk about them all here but don't want to spoil the show for readers. songs are great and so catchy that we were humming those songs for days. so much to talk about after the show with your friend and sing songs together. The next day we went to see Tony's Award on Times Square then met Lucy The Slut and Rod there. I took a photo with them. They were in a hurry to go somewhere but they were really nice and stopped to give me a chance to take a photo with them and also gave me a big smile!! It is one of the MUSTs when you are in New York!
Avenue Q is in a smallish theater, definitely smaller than Warner Theater in DC, but is quite cozy and comfortable. My 6th row ticket was still an awesome seat, even though most seats in the place were pretty decent. The show started, and for those of you who don't know, it's sort of a spoof on Sesame Street. There are people and puppets that make up the cast. The puppets are all controlled by people and only cover up to their elbows. So, you get to see all the facial expressions and acting of the person and the puppet they are controlling. I thought it was fantastic. The entire show was hilarious, the cast was amazing, and the set was well done. I usually get bored at movies and other long plays, but for the entire 2+ hours, I was entertained and didn't get bored at all. My favorite song was "We're all a little bit racist". HA, it was totally politically incorrect and dead-on. If you get a chance, definitely see this. Hopefully they'll tour and come to DC. I would even go to see if again if they come to DC.
So far my favorite musical in NYC. It had everything I needed in a musical: songs about Porn, puppet sex, and lovable bears that know the truth about buying in bulk when picking up beer. Ave Q is a refreshing night of theater, if you have any sense of humor I'll bet you a shiny quarter your going to love this musical. Seats are a bit cramped in this theater but whatever Welcome to Broadway theater! The show is a bit NYC centric but it touches on enough topics to entertain everyone. That's why I brought my mom and grandmother, and for the record they both loved it. My grandmother only nodded off once which is actually a great achievement. She nodded off in the first moments of "Curtains" and I let her snore through the intermission. So to sum it up: Ave Q is funny. See it if you have any sense of humor.
We saw this and Spamalot... Both were great shows but Avenue Q is a must see. The jokes can be a little raw but what isn't now a days. This ain't the Sesame street you grew up watching as a little kid. They try to relate to problems and issues that are relevant to young adults. You do need a sense of humor to enjoy this. Stay away if you are uptight. Cristy Carlson Romano (Kate Monster) is hot!
4.5 stars This show is definitely an adult show, with puppets that have 'done more' than even I have.  It's really funny and ideal for the quarter life crisis crowd. My only gripe was that the audio was not right.  Either the acoustic was off, or the music was too loud, because I had a difficult time hearing the lyrics of the songs. Oh, and as others have said, there really is no bad seat in the house.
I never expected a show that's played by puppet characters to be so funny. And yet it wasn't just funny, it was hysterical and brilliant! It was plain dirty in parts, witty, and politically incorrect... and I loved every moment of it. Don't bring little kids to see it! I downloaded the soundtrack after seeing the show and I still laugh as I listen to some of those songs years later.
You can't beat puppet porn. Or can you? Maybe you can, with born again virgin puppetry. Funny, entertaining, and plenty of "THAT's where that song came from" music, Avenue Q delivers the ups and downs of real life in NYC in a humorous manner though the lives of fuzzy monster puppets. Definitely a good time.
This is such an entertaining, feel-good, funny show. I actually went to the show not knowing anything about it--my boyfriend gave me a brief synopsis(and by brief, I mean the following statement) "it's basically sesame street for adults"--so that was all I knew about it. We decided to buy tickets on the whim at the booth in Times Square because we were so exhausted from walking around the city since 7AM. Such a good choice! The songs are super catchy and just an upbeat musical that's not too in your face upbeat. Overall: enjoyed a good laugh while relaxing my feet for the 4 miles of walking that proceeded afterwards...
Finely structured story, clever memorable songs, and totally unconventional!  It's the perfect musical whether you like or hate musicals.  Something to please and offend everyone. Fascinating, ingratiating, cathartic, tender (ok, maybe that's a stretch), and gets in lots of cheap shots. You could construct drinking games around this show, if it weren't in a theater. So put Spamalot and The Producers on hold. This is the jaundiced feel-good evening out you're looking for.
This was a great show with great music and a very talented cast.  I was very impressed with their ability to play multiple puppet characters, sometimes more than one in the same scene.  Like others have said, the songs are very relevant to 20-somethings like me, and I really enjoyed it even if there were a couple really crude moments and one song I had to close my eyes on practically.   Best song: "I Wish I Could Go Back to College" 9/10
"it sucks to be you." sucks to be you.... Loved the songs.... Was pretty factual and I loved the closing part..... "for now." Made me want to write a musical myself
I usually don't write reviews, but this musical was definitely not up to my expectations.   The only thing that prevented me from falling asleep through the 2-hour show was the muppet porn in the middle (which was more shocking rather than entertaining).  I must say, I had more fun "reading" in my hotel room eating popcorn than watching this musical train wreck.  WILL NEVER COME AGAIN!  Save your money for The First Date Musical.  Truly awesome musical with hot actors and actresses instead of muppets.
Puppets. Singing. Making fun of each other. Having sex. Yeah, I mean I don't get turned on by that last one but seriously, this show had me laughing so much that I felt like I was doing a full cardio workout.
Meh
Courtesy of Goldstar, I scored two free orchestra tickets to see Avenue Q which pleased my girlfriend to no end.  I am glad she was so thrilled, but this show only engaged me so much.   I went in cold, so I really had no idea what to expect.  Basically what you see is what is get.  What I mean by that is that there is only one set which depicts a multi-story apartment building on a block of "Avenue Q".  Some of the residents are humans and the rest are puppets which are carried around and voiced by humans.  The puppets sort of lost me though.  Apparently throughout the performance, any particular puppet may be carried by different people and even voiced by different people.  So, apparently, you need to follow the puppets and pretend like the humans holding them do not exist.  Not such an easy thing to do, and it kind of seems unnecessary since the associated story doesn't really rely on these creative, fictional elements.  The plot is ho-hum.  One character is poor and young and looking for his purpose.  Other characters are even less developed than that and, as a result, are less interesting.  The jokes mostly fell flat with me, but many of the musical numbers were pretty catchy.  Lights were minimally used, and there were no dance numbers.  The lack of set changes or costume changes really left me focussing on the not so interesting story.   Overall, I guess the intent was to make a Sesame Street for adults.  I really didn't have a need for that, so I was sort of bored.  My account aside though, the audience was really in love with the performance.  Also, the cast is pretty tight in their delivery of lines and in their songs.  Obviously go if it will make your girlfriend happy.  However, I have seen better shows in recent months.   2.5 stars
NYC #6 (read next review if you crave tapioca in NY) think about this word,  *~PURPOSE~* before you read further ... "Sucks to be me"  -- no really, i seriously mean it ... =p "Everyone is a lil bit racist" -- *nods* (lil bit, i agree) "Internet is for porn" -- well, i can't really comment on that because i never went on the internet for porn... (or MAYBE, i did because i curious... JP... I KID...) *** a grown up, rated R version of Sesame Street. omg, a broadway show of a lifetime. i almost didn't want this play to end. i'm stoked that i managed to get myself in since i missed my "GOLDEN" opportunity when they played out in sf, and la, AND philly.. thanks to j oppa for getting me tickets, and for flying out from chicago to watch this show with me on saturday. ooooooooooweeeeeeeeeee... you should've seen my face, smiling and jumping up with joy since 90% of my friends had already seen it, and even though he's already seen it, he managed to be a good sport in watching this again with me, AND FROM CHICAGO... i owe you big time, and me love you long time... =D so, let me ask you all... what is your purpose in life? ever thought about that? dont worry if you haven't... ave q is THEE perfect place to be at when you are thrown that infamous question... in the end, i asked j what HIS purpose in life was, and of course, as any typical guy, he answered, "to have sex and eat food..the two great pleasures in life" rolls eyes* (why did i even ask?) how about, "taking my life one step a time..." i kno, i kno, boring you say. i seriously couldn't contain myself at times. had great plots and tackled real life issues from  racism and intimacy and much much more ... omg my stomach hurts from this show. take it from me, and make sure to either make a trip to NY or anywhere else that is playing this show -- i will give you my life if you don't like this show, and if i have to, ill reimburse you for your tickets. just send me the damn receipt... just for educational purposes... wanna know why this play is called Ave Q? let me educate you all. it's simply a play on words.well in manhattan... as you prob already know there are neighborhoods ...  the village.... soho... upper west side... etc etc. one is Alphabet City, it's lower eastside area.. where the streets are called Avenue A, B, C, and D, and yet, there is no Ave Q. And if you didn't know, as the letter gets lower, the seedier the community gets, or so they say... well well, enough on me rambling ... don't be stupid and miss your opportunity in watching this ... i HIGHLY recommend it to those who need to lighten up or need a good laugh ...
the soundtrack just came up on my Winamp (yes, I do legitimately buy music every now and then) - and I realized - man, I never reviewed this show! and I've seen it multiple times too! let's fix that! imagine if the guys who made South Park had been disciples of Jim Henson. I think that's a fair approximation of what you're in for. a well-written, hilarious, emotional, and politically incorrect production, Avenue Q is a must-see show. while it's definitely a comedy, it touches on a lot of serious issues: the bonds of friendship, the pining for the simpler times of youth, falling in and out of love, being in need of money, race, being afraid of commitments, and more. the actors and the puppets interact flawlessly. yes, half the characters are real live humans, and half are puppets. the songs are catchy and once you get the soundtrack, you'll want to go back and see it to sing along to classics like "The Internet is For Porn" and "Everyone's a Little Bit Racist". besides, what other theater show has a song about Internet porn AND has Gary Coleman as a character?
I don't think I have much to add except it sucks to be you if you haven't seen it.
An anniversary purchase by my husband.  Off broadway but still very close to Hell's Kitchen this venue was fabulous!  He were able to enjoy a delicious dinner prior to arriving here.  A quick stop at Starbucks for an after-dinner tea on our walk from restaurant to show, I was very pleasantly surprised to be able to carry my drink into the theatre and enjoy it during the show! I'm not exactly sure how many people were able to be seated here, but it was an intimate experience, packed on the night we went.  They have a bar with drinks, somewhat small, for $4, which seemed like a nice value which would be a nice addition to the theatre experience.  They also served munchies: licorice, Skittles, chips, water etc.  Prices on these were somewhat high ($5 for a bag of Skittles), but convenience is worth a lot so if you want them they are there. I knew absolutely nothing about this show so was somewhat surprised and confused when in reading my Playbill I was reading about puppets.  But what a delightful story with superb acting.  The lead female was fantastic and the lead male was very talented as well. An affordable show, very entertaining and funny, well executed and a wonderful venue.  Not a whole lot more I could say about this.   I'm not an avid theatre-goer and have seen only 2 other shows in NY, both on Broadway... to me this was more enjoyable with the smaller crowd and comparable talent.
Have been wanting to see Avenue Q since it was on broadway but just didn't get the chance. Can't compare the 2 but definitely works on the smaller stage and after awhile you really  don't  even notice the puppeteer's anymore. If your looking for a completely non-pg night of Broadway style fun RUN to New World Stages.
We loved it !!!!!  Hilarious.  Great acting and singing.  Small theater and I loved the employees who screamed at people who took pictures and made them delete the pictures.  Haha, deaf dumbasses.
puppets doin it.. nuff said! not for those with: 1. puritanical upbringing (unless you're one of those naughty puritans) 2. inability to appreciate raunchy humor 3. fear of puppets (i know such people!!) risk: don't bring mama with you. reward: plenty-o-laughs = good ab exercise
I've been wanting to check out Avenue Q for the longest time and finally got an opportunity to do so this weekend.  Absolutely the most clever and refreshing musical I have seen in a very long time.  I loved the music, the writing was witty and modern, and the actors were adorable.   The whole quarter-life crisis theme seems very relevant to a young theatre-going crowd.  Would highly recommend checking out this musical if you happen to make it to Broadway.
Missed out on when they did there tour in San Fran. but more than happy to watch it during my trip in Manhattan.  Freakin as funny as your can get for a Broadway musical. All sorts of jokes about race, sex, religion and realism too about life and its bumps of the road.  Or to put it into perspective, "It sucks to be me."  If they comeback to the Bay Area for a tour, I'm watching it again.  The Internet is for Porn!!!!!
Pee-your-pants, fall-out-of-your-chair, laugh-till-your-face-hurts funny!
HI-LAR-I-OUS!!! Saw this performance about 3 years ago and loved it. Who knew adults, too, could enjoy puppets and singing? How Quewl! This is a very light, modern and sometimes raunchy performance so don't expect a drama. I'd definitely come back to see Kate Monster and friends!
Funny and sweet, but slightly dated, and certainly smaller than I expected
Ave Q is one of those rare shows that makes you want to laugh out loud because of its racy & rauchy humor.  This show is definitely for young adults, so parents leave the kids at home.  This is one of the best musicals on Broadway/Off-broadway and definitely worth seeing.  Definitely splurge on Orchestra Center seats, but they are always discounted advance tickets available.  My seats were Row M (12 rows from the stage) and I paid $40.  For discount tickets check out broadwaybox.com, seasonsofsaving.com, playbill.com or tdf.org.
This show had it all: laughter, pathos, romance, meaning, music, great stage design, great acting, and talented performers.  I was consistently impressed with just about everything, including the use of TV screens for some interludes.  It was such a great time that I didn't want it to end.  And you know it's a good show when you end up talking about it and its morals/messages for hours afterward.  The Bad Idea Bears were definitely a highlight.  And the two leads, who both played two parts, were impressive.  If you have a chance, you should definitely go.  And be sure to check for the half price tickets; that's what we did.
A coworker recommended this show to a group of us that were entertaining a client for the week. We were told it was hilarious and the best show she had seen. It was cute, definitely funny at some points, but more so because it's a bit inappropriate and out of the ordinary. For the most part though, it didn't really do it for me. Maybe I'm not into the puppet thing..
This play is hysterical! It's a must for anyone (18 and older) as it is a little risque for younger audiences. It tackles real-life issues but in a fun and creative way--using puppets, so think Sesame Street for adults. I couldn't be happier that i finally went to see this, it is a great time!
Who would want to watch a show about muppets? There's got to be more to Avenue Q right? Well, there definitely is! I went knowing this was a well-reviewed show but not quite knowing what to expect. It is a show about muppets but, people are actually on stage and sort of blend in with the character that they are playing. This is a classic tale of boy meets girl and falls in love, along with life lessons taught by the people of the neighborhood. Think of it as a grown-up version of Sesame Street but, the topics that they tackle like racism and intimacy will make you laugh out loud. I loved the show and are sure you will too
Yes! Fun and different, but not for those with no sense of humor. This show is absolutely hilarious with fun music and characters. The thing is that with all people, it would be boring, but the puppet characters add that necessary flair. It's in a pretty small theater, so pretty much anywhere you sit is decent (I sat like 3 rows from the last and saw perfectly). It's great for teenagers and adults, I think it would be pointless to take kids since some parents might find it inappropriate, and the jokes and such would just go over their heads. I would definitely recommend it!!!
I didn't know anything about Avenue Q before we arrived at the theater. When it started, I was very confused that we somehow mistakenly bought tickets for this bizarre Sesame Street show but then as soon as the first song started...holy crap! This show covers pretty much every inappropriate and taboo topic. If you're all about being pc or are easily offended, stay faaaar away. Otherwise, you're guaranteed to laugh your ass off!
have you seen puppets humping each other?   no?   then it's time for you to see avenue q!!! seriously, this is GENIUS!!!!  who would have thought that puppets would still appeal to adults?  this show is just amazing! it sucks to be me..... it sucks to be me.... (i just gotta do it)
Avenue Q In this savvy, sassy and eminently likable show, an idealistic young man stares into the audience and sings, in a voice shiny with hope, ''Something's coming, something good.'' The overschooled college graduates ( furry or fleshy) of ''Avenue Q'' look as if they might deflate as they work their way through bouncy ditties about failure, sex and the general pettiness of life. They broke into song for no reason, but the songs are funny and original, and breaking into song is kinda the point of a musical anyway, right? In addition to the only act of Puppet 69 I'd ever seen, there were very clever Sesame Street/ Electric Company spoofs that played on TV screens every so often above the stage that complemented the action on stage. So if you'd like hearing either a closeted homosexual puppet sing about how he wants to eat his made-up girlfriend's puppet p****, or  hear puppets say "f***", than check out this hilarious show. Note:  This is an adult puppet show!! If you'd like Sesame street, and the South Park's sense of humor in a musical, then this is for you. Tip:  The theater is great - you can see the stage clearly from any seat in the orchestra, so DON'T  pay full price for the show - you could get discounts either through TKTS, Goldstar or etc. And they deliver drinks and snacks to your chair during the intermission.
I've always wanted to see raunchy puppets!  What a turn on.  Sure, the songs are snappy, the humor's sharp and relevant, but if you've ever had a thing for muppets like Miss Piggy or even Cookie Monster, this show's for you.  Yeah, I'm kidding.  Chances are you already know what you're getting into with enough of these here reviews and things.  It's a good fun show for the young adult set.  Just don't bring the kids, especially if you want to preserve their innocence.
After being in New York for a good while, I found this musical to be funnier than I had initially thought.  It definitely sucks to be me since I have a B.A. in English and I ask myself what I'm supposed to do with it every day... although I don't regret getting one.
I was deeply skeptical about just how entertaining I'd find a musical (which I normally hate) with puppets (which also creep me out), but damn. I was totally surprised. The actors were great, juggling different puppets/roles and somehow seamlessly blending into the background.  The story was funny and I can't believe I'm going to say touching, but it really was. This isn't a show for the kiddies, unless you're cool with them witnessing freaky puppet sex, that is.
Cool to a point ... Puppets were certainly the highlight.  To be honest, the story didn't do much for me.  Same old 'people trying to find themselves' in (insert one of the following: a new place, the big city, life in general).  It's worth seeing, just don't expect too much besides puppets humping one another.
Being the music theatre dork that I am, I had this soundtrack memorized months before I actually got to see it at the Golden Theatre. The cast was spot on and delievered the mix of emotion and humor needed for this musical. Even though I knew all the songs, I still found myself surprised by certain sections. A must see if you are in NYC. I also loved the theatre--great seats everywhere.
After Wicked, this is my favorite musical.  What a great way to spend an evening in NYC!  After listening to Kendra play the soundtrack for nearly a year, we finally made the trek and seriously, I really thought she might pee her pants.  Great show!
Hubby and I tried to like this show but it didn't appeal to us as much as those in their 20's.  A story about a muppet who gets out of college, trying to find work and "Purpose" with his life, moves to Ave Q and meets the neighbors and hitches up with a monster muppet girl (you get to see muppets simulating sex, isn't that sacriligious? I'll never look at a muppet the same way again), breaks up with the girl, hooks up with a slut, gets dumped by the slut and finds his purpose - to help the ex-girlfriend monster muppet build a school for monster muppets. Some of the music was cute but not my cup of tea. I didn't like our seats (1/2 off tickets) where the cashier at TKTS told us were good seats, 2nd row.  Don't get seats in the 2nd row, it was the end seats, way off the side of the theater and we couldn't see the right side of the theater.  It's a small theater and the 2nd row is too close to the stage. 1st row is worse, you get neck strain. Additionally, the couple we sat next to were annoying, especially the guy.  He gets up, goes buy snacks during intermission and then sarcastically complains about the cost of the 2 items when she was the one who paid for it.  What does he expect if you buy drinks (they will bring you alcohol during intermission of you pre pay before the show starts) or munchies from a theater?
i listened to the cd soundtrack several times and was anxious to see this show.     Puppets and humans interact from beginning to end. It was unusual l to watch at first, but you'll enjoy it as the show progresses.  i totally,recommend this to anyone who wants to have a great time.
Ridiculously funny show... Its like Sesame St for adults, and ADULTS only... It starts off a little slow, but aside from the hilarious story line and adult content, the show does invoke some thought provoking topics... It's a great cast, and a super show.  FYI, it suprised me so I wanted to give prospect viewers of this show about the actual cartoons on the monitors that starts the show... it sets the mood of the show...
I will probably be crucified for this, but I didn't think Avenue Q was that funny.  At all.  I believe I fell asleep at one point.  The jokes were tired and things I've heard before.  There wasn't even a creative spin.  Just not my style I guess.
If Family Guy, Sesame Street, and South Park had a threesome and somehow had a kid Avenue Q would be it. Fun, raunchy show that I recommend to everyone that loves politically incorrect humor. Tickets are also affordable since it's now off-broadway. This shoe was pretty hyped and yet it met expectations.
Histerical!  Even from the very top back row.  Something about having Gary Colman and flash presentations just made this show fantastic!
I saw this show this past January. I had always been obsessed with muppets and Sesame Street in particular and I remember wanting to see this when it originally debuted on Broadway, but I was a broke 22 year old and I was not let out of the house anyway. I am glad I waited. In addition to being mildly racist, sexist and homophobic in the most tongue in cheek manner possible, the show had a surprisingly hopeful message and catchy songs. Everyone has big dreams and sometimes things don't turn out the way you expect. The actors handling puppets and simultaneously playing human counterparts were able to make what I assume is technically difficult look surprisingly easy. Plus, I have never seen puppets banging, so there is always a first time for everything. If you haven't see it, please go, good things don't last forever.
I love love love this show. One of the best shows I've seen. It beat out Wicked for most of the Tony's and there was a reason why. The show is smart, funny, witty, and so much more. I'm pretty stingy with my 5 stars but this truly deserves 5 stars.
Very funny and cute show. Appropriate for mature adults ;) The show highlighted real life, day-to-day topics such as racism, sexuality, diversity, individuality, friendship and love. The show is located below ground, inside a building, where other plays are going on at the same time. Seats were a little tight and the auditorium was not big like other shows I've been too,  but the good news is that no matter where you sit,  you will get a good view of the performers and the stage. Stage 3 is located right by a bar and between two bathrooms. The souvenir selection was limited. They have a person walking around during the breaks who sells the basic snacks: water, chips and chocolate.
Its considered "off Broadway" now and we were able to get both tickets for around 120 which I thought was very reasonable.  The show is well done , entertaining and quirky.  Not exactly your "standard" Broadway play as its more a puppet show musical, but the themes are all current and on par with today's society and Id consider a must see for people in there 20's and 30's.  I can see how this wouldn't appeal to a more mature audience.
I really do love this show and I think that it's really funny and entertaining.  You can find many great deals online (or at the TKTS booth) and really have a good time in the city by watching the show and going out for dinner/drinks.  I do not recommend it for children, or anyone who you would be uncomfortable seeing a show that contains adult content with.  Perfect for a date night! The show really does an effective job placing a comical spin on social ideas and norms. In terms of seating.. it really does not matter where you sit.
Very funny show, literally laughing out loud throughout the performance. Not appropriate for kids and may be awkward with older adults as well.
A fun show for young adults.  The theatre itself is quite casual as is the show. Would recommend for a laugh.
This was a very awkward play to see at the beginning of a new relationship.  It was funny at times but disturbing in others.  Go see something else like Spamalot.
One of my favorite shows of all time. This is for people who are open minded to drugs, homosexuality, sex, etc. Its hilarious and great for people who have a sense of humor.   I went during 20 for 20. 20 dollars before 20 mins before show. Waited an hour before box office opened.. and got tickets. So worth the price. All seats are good. The place is quite small soo it is pretty intimate.  Drinks are brought out to you. Would def go again.
After the show, walked home with an extra bounce in my steps & singing "it's only for now....it's only for now...".   I don't remember having laughed so much watching a broadway show.  It's true...the show's awesome.
I've watched this twice already, but it remains my favorite Broadway show EVER!!! A genius blend of gritty hilarious fun with heartwarming sincerity. Highly recommend!
Truly one of the funniest and most different theater experiences you can get. There is no play or musical quite like Avenue Q--spot on in its satire, hilariously funny, and surprisingly uplifting. The premise--a kind of crass take-off on Sesame St.--doesn't sound too promising at first glance, but ends up being quite brilliant--you stop noticing that they are puppets fairly quickly. Some impressive performances as well, as each castmember plays several intricate characters. And just be ready to laugh (especially at Christmas Eve!)
Our first off-broadway show with set up in a relatively small theatre; can't go wrong with seating anywhere. Crude comedy with some good laughs here and there but storyline wasn't riveting. Agree with Augie R's post from 4/27/2014 about Avenue Q's "edgyness" status. Definitely not for kids as mentioned by a lot of reviewers - muppet sex scene, profane language, song about porn, Lucy's breast outline as her EKG tracings, etc. Heard lots of raving about this production, but I really don't think it was worth it. Got to give actors/actresses credit for complex dual-person muppeting and voice-overs for several muppets even in the same scene.
i didn't want to like this play.  i normally  like big broadway productions.  with costume and stage changes, and story lines that make you laugh and cry and root for ..you know someone like the phantom. .. but surprised i was.  i thoroughly enjoyed myself last night.  the songs were catchy and pretty much captures what a lot of us feel...what's our purpose?  that we'd rather be back in college, and one pretty close to home "i'm kinda pretty and pretty damn smart, so why..don't i have a bf...sucks to be me!"    i have to say that this show is pretty damn genius.  and by the way, it did make me laugh and laugh even more!
Hilarious. Had me laughing my ass off. Not what I expected from a muppet show - I was pleasantly surprised. Acting was phenomenal and the songs were funny and clever. The theater itself was very modern, and there was staff coming in before the show and during intermission to get people drinks. Highly recommend that everyone go see this, you will not regret it. I got the tickets at a discount from a groupon deal.
A few laughs for me but I was really hoping that the writers would have taken bigger risks. After Book of Mormon, edginess and exploring inappropriate topics is now redefined for me. You guys are off-Broadway, I'm begging for more outrageous and consistently funny material. I did enjoy the way the actors assumed the facial expressions that their puppets could not, making them seem to blend into one character.
First things first: Do not bring kids to this show. Seriously. I know the posters make it look like a Muppet show, but it's got more than a few adult scenes and themes, so leave the kiddies at home. I enjoyed Avenue Q, but in some ways, this show demonstrates how much the world has changed since it first opened in 2002.  For years, I heard how edgy Avenue Q was, but to my 2014 eyes, it was pretty conventional fare. Even when Avenue Q opened, South Park had already been leveraging kids-show-like production and characters to deliver adult and outrageous comedy for five years, and in the decade since, popular culture has seen Team America (which echoes Avenue Q's graphic puppet-on-puppet sex) and Crank Yankers (with Muppet-like puppets spouting adult language).  Perhaps the suggestion that Avenue Q's Bert-and-Ernie-like puppets were gay seemed shocking and hilarious back in 2002, but 12 years later, the Internet has thoroughly explored Sesame Street's subtle gay hints, so this storyline seems less edgy and perhaps even a little tired to my 2014 eyes. I was expecting wall-to-wall outrageousness, but the story is pretty classic. A young man (in this case, a puppet) moves to New York, loses his job, struggles, has to find meaning in his life, falls in love, deals with relationship stress and comes of age. Really, Avenue Q is a lot like Pippin; subtract Pippin's budget and Cirque du Soleil-like production and add puppets and a few F-bombs, and voila--a heartfelt story about a young man coming of age and finding purpose. All that it would take to turn Avenue Q's R-rated delivery into an inspirational PG-friendly show would be to take out one puppet sex scene and a dozen of Carlin's dirty words. All that being said, the cast is enjoyable, the puppets are funny, the songs put a smile on your face (particularly, for me, the Schadenfreude tune) and it delivers more than a few laughs.  Still, it what you want from a show is either something very timely or particularly edgy, Avenue Q may not quite live up expectations.  I smiled and laughed, but what struck me most about this show was how quickly our attitudes have changed about mainstream gay acceptance and edgy humor. Avenue Q is now as much a time capsule as it is an edgy contemporary show.
I saw Avenue Q three times. The first two times were in LA at the Ahmanson Theatre. I remember coming out of the theatre in such a good mood because the show was sooo good. Yeah, my friend and I sat in the balcony but every moment was great. Avenue Q at the Golden Theatre seemed a bit different to me. My friend actually won lottery tickets (She was the last one called) I think we were the only ones excited to win lottery tickets. Everyone else, when their named was called, just raised their hands and calmly said, "Oh, that's me" What the...? Are these people so jaded that they can't show a little enthuse? Have they been winning every lottery ticket in town? What's up with that? Moving on...I digress yet again. Avenue Q at the Golden Theatre was a bit...off. They were hilarious, as usual but I think maybe they just had a turnover in directing or actors. The woman who played Kate Monster in LA was quite amazing and you felt her throwing herself into the role so much that you couldn't really distinguish Kate Monster from her (Which is hard to do when you play a puppet). However, the woman here seemed a bit...reserved. It was as if she was new and just adjusting to the show. I saw that she tried to bring new moments but sometimes, it didn't really work. ORRR maybe they're just tired of doing the show 8 times a week. Still love the show. 5 stars, all the way.
WARNING: MUPPET ON MUPPET ACTION. Recommend 21+ (Because that's the legal age to drink and smoke lol) That being said, the show was amazing! Using muppets and contemporary humor and references to bring to light modern issues such as marriage, sexuality, racism, poverty, love and femininity (I might've missed one or two, I was too busy laughing to seriously think too in depth until now...) is extremely refreshing and creative. This is a must see show for anyone with an open intellectual mind and great sense of humor. "The internet was made for porn," if you agree, you'll love the show. Also, if you're from Flushing like I originally am, the last 5 minutes will really crack you up. Highly recommended.
I hadn't heard anything about Avenue Q, so I was kind of iffy at first when we bought our tickets from TKTS. But oh man...I loved it!!! The whole puppet thing was a little strange at first, but I have to say this is one of the best shows I've ever seen! Oh and don't be fooled by the puppets, this show is not intended for kids. I was laughing the whole time, and I didn't mind that I had the nosebleed seats in the back! I love trekkie monster and his PORN!!  The songs are very clever and original too..."it sucks to be me!" is still in my head. Lol. Great show!
Extremely raunchy, unexpected, hilarious and witty show. There was even a heartfelt love story in there. Really worth it and easy to watch on a Thursday after work. Make sure you try for rush tickets which are cheaper and you get pretty good seats!
Most Broadway shows will have me dozing off at some point, not Avenue Q.  This show had my attention like a child watching Sesame Street.  In fact, it's sort of like Sesame Street but for adults.  It was full of adult humor, good music, and this NY Cast  was excellent.
Absolutely loved this production. If you like South Park and other irreverent humor, you will love this show! With songs like "the internet is for porn," you can't avoid laughter! The cast was very talented! We also loved the theatre. It was well run. From the coat check to the bars to the restrooms, it seemed well thought out. I took my husband, who is not much of a theatre fan, but he laughed thru the entire show, and admitted that he loved it!
Satarical, raunchy puppets...just what the doctor ordered.
This is the first off-broadway show I've watched. I liked it a lot. I know I liked it because sometimes I still randomly sing the songs from the show. "IT SUCKS TO BE ME" If you try to take a picture in the theater (New World Stages), there will be someone in the back to tell you to not. I guess I point this out because I heard the person shout out multiple times to us rule-breakers sneaking pictures of the stage that we are diabolically planning to copy/sell the picture to other broadway show producers. I recommend seeing this show because the price is not bad and it's entertaining. See my review of New World Stages for specifics on the venue.
OMG this is the funniest show ever.. I am dying to see it again! HYSTERICAL!!
Not for kids! Avenue Q is definitely an adult off-broadway show! I easily was able to score front row seats for $27 each by doing general rush on a weekday by going 45 minutes before the box office opened (cash only, 2 tickets maximum per person).
Really Funny! Don't bring your parents haha.
If you want to scar your psyche permanently while laughing til you cry, "Avenue Q" is the show you want to see.  Daring to address issues like the contrast between the image colleges sell you and real life post-graduation and graphic puppet sex, this show has it all (okay, maybe not giant scifi robots, but you knew that.) Oh yes...I wrote "graphic puppet sex". This is not the show for you if you're easily offended.  It IS the show for you if you want a ton of inappropriate humor wrapped around a really sweet story.  It's also absolutely extraordinary how the actors manage to carry their roles AND puppets all at the same time.  The sheer amount of coordination between saying lines, singing, handling the puppets and getting the ever-changing stage set up is amazing to watch.  From a production standpoint this crew makes the absolute most of what they have.  The "standing" set showing the exterior of the block our characters live on is full of small details that help sell the illusion of this taking place on some residential block in New York. The venue is relatively small since this is an off-Broadway production.  It's actually tough to get a really bad seat unless you wind up all the way in the back or in the outer edges.  I wound up sitting in the center about five rows back which was perfect.  Before and during intermission waitresses take drink orders and will bring them to you.  A souvenir stand is set up right outside the theater. Avenue Q shares its space with other shows in the New World Theater (this used to be the Cineplex Odeon that showed second run movies for $3 so there are several theaters).  There's plenty of room to move around and the rest rooms are well maintained.
I came when I was in a bad mood, and it did lift my spirits somewhat.  I agree that it is cute and quirky.  I sat in the fourth row, which was a good distance to enjoy it.
After listening to the musicals on itunes for 4-5 years, I can't believe I was finally able to see this show live! My girlfriend got these tickets as my Christmas gift, and God bless that girl, this was not only my first NY Broadway show, but it was the bestest! If you haven't heard about this show by now, then I probably won't do it as great of a justice than the actual website, but be warned, there will be muppet nudity and amazing puppeteering. The cost is very reasonable and you'll be laughing with your friends throughout the entire show. I still don't know why Avenue Q was the chosen location, but I guess I can make a few conjectures after watching the play. This is a play that you can't go wrong watching, just don't bring little kids along!
Great show!  Cast was great!  I love this show more every time I see it.  This cast was top-notch!  It's off Braodway, but only because of the address of the theater, not becaue of the company!
Maybe I'm a stick in the mud, but I legitimately strongly disliked this production. (This surprised me because the idea of muppet sex and songs about porn would appeal to me.) I think this was mostly a result of how basic and crude it was. It wasn't clever like Anchorman and it wasn't completely stupid like The Hangover. So the humor was in that awkward middle area, plus the humor's in the middle of an actual sappy children's story. Another thing that bothered me was the blatant racism for the wife character, Christmas Eve. Like really? Was that necessary for the humor of the show? Can't you get a little smarter so you don't have to derive laughter from the accent of an immigrant?
It's funny and the actors are good.  It's in a small theater.  I got Orchestra seats on the M aisle two days before the show and they were $61.50 a piece with my discount from work.  Doesn't seem like there's a bad seat in the house.  It's really fun to go to, the songs are catchy and the people who sing them are good at singing.  It's very clever and perfect to bring someone who is on the fine line between lover and friend.  I thought the main girl and the tall guy were particularly good.  It has a nice local, intimate feel and they ask for donations at the end for some cause.  If you're on a date, just be ready for that extra bit.
I've seen over 12 shows in NYC (Broadway and Off-Broadway), and Avenue Q by far is my favorite. Although the show has been performing for over 10 years, it continues to bring a refreshing, honest, and hilarious outlook on life post-college. It's mostly definitely a show for adults: I don't want to spoil it for you, but suffice to say things became very awkward when I saw it for the first time with my dad. The show still has the same kick as its Broadway days despite seeing several dressing rooms over the years (Off-Broadway to Broadway to Vegas and now back to Off-Broadway). PROTIPS: - The theater box office offers around 8 general rush tickets on the day of the show for $26.50 cash only, limit two per person. I got there an hour before the box office opened, and I was the second person in line, hence 3rd and 4th of 8 available tickets. The general rush tickets are in the left half of the first row, with the first ticket sold being the furthest left. - I hear that TKTS generally offers Avenue Q tickets as well for around 40% off full-price. - Occasionally the show will also be available as a Groupon, which is what several other theater-goers used. A friend came to visit NYC, and we had a side-splitting night thanks to Avenue Q's insightful adventure into racism, porn, and "finding your purpose." The front row seats were amazing, especially given the price. The lead actor did spit a little onto some of the most center people, but it only happened occasionally. The theater is much smaller than Broadway shows, so any seat is great.
I had a blast at this show! Super hilarious and super chill and did I mention funny and awesome? Especially loved and enjoyed the rendition of "Everyone's a little racist" and "It sucks to be you" :p
Couldn't get over the silliness of the dolls-i guess I just wasn't in the right mood for an adult version of sesame street
A fantastic show. So glad I stopped by the tkts line and chose it.
I absolutely love Avenue Q. I was first introduced to some this musical when a World of Warcraft music video was made with the "internet is for porn" song. After seeing the video, I was curious as to where it originated from. And through some research I found the song on the soundtrack to Avenue Q. A few years later a local production of Avenue Q started up and I knew I needed to see it. The production was very good, but I told myself if I ever visited New York, I would kill to see it. A few years later I found myself at New World with a huge smile on my face. Avenue Q is absolutely hilarious. Many make the comparison to an adult version of Sesame Street and I can't find a better way to describe this show. Everyone of age should see this. It features amazing talent with a great story and many hilarious moments. I hope to one day take my kids to see this show. When they're at least 17, I mean.
Funny, funny, LMAO funny.  You will not be disappointed coming to this show.  It is definitely not a kids, show so leave the kiddies at home.
HILARIOUSLY FUNNY!!! I haven't been to a lot of shows but the BF surprised me for our anniversary. We went to the 3pm Sunday show and it was definitely a fun little event. The theater is small, so I wouldn't go crazy with spending a lot of money getting great seats (the bf did bought us mezz front row) and it was great. It's definitely an adult show, so don't bring your little kids here eventhough you may thing they will like it since it is a muppet show. But for young adults, this is definitely a great show for you. Enjoy!
Avenue Q was recommended by several of my friends - and what a super fun recommendation it was!  My boyfriend and I went while we were in New York for the weekend, we bought the tickets in Time Square the day of the show for $55 each which was much better than the $99 I had seen if you bought them in advance online. The seats were awesome and the venue was very modern and you could drink at your seat.  The ONLY downside to the play was the MOST hysterical scenes were all in the first half of the show - but the whole thing was still great.  It's perfect for adults with a good sense of humor - if you're a super lib you might be somewhat offended but if you are I suggest you get over yourself and just have a good time with the rest of the crowd.  NOT FOR CHILDREN.
Nice off-broadway show. The appearance of the puppet set this apart from other musicals. I was amazed at how the actors master their puppets, and the animation on the TV was extremely cute. Love the show, love how chill the story is, but since it's an off-broadway show, the actors don't sing as well. I can't help comparing the music and the songs to The Phantom of the Opera (which is my very first broadway show), and the quality of the former is far from that of the latter. But I still enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed the grandiose Phantom musical. They each has their merits.
Love it.
I am not a fan of musicals. I once fell asleep during a production of Chicago that my friend said was excellent. Shrugs* Avenue Q is the only musical that I've seen twice and was awake for the entire show. It's like Sesame Street for adults with hilarious songs like "Everyone is a Little Racist" and "The Internet is for Porn". Definitely see this.
I liked it so much, I'm watching it again and taking my boyfriend.  I didn't love it enough to buy a CD.  I was okay with the actors moving their mouths when puppeteering.  The acting was great.  When my friend didn't show up while I was in line, the guy in front of me offered me a ticket but I think I had a better seat.
Best show I've ever been to - the inappropriateness is definitely right up my alley.  Thanks to Off-Broadway Week BOGO tickets, I was able to enjoy Avenue Q. Most of the other Broadway shows I've been to, I've fallen asleep at one point or another, or simply just got bored.  Avenue Q kept me awake and interested.  I usually don't enjoy musicals, but the after seeing this, the music was stuck in my head for days!! We sat in the middle of the 4th row - perfect, as we didn't have to look up the whole time, and didn't get spat on the entire show.  I people in the front row get spat on multiple times. Only downside - I can't seem to understand anything the Asian woman says.... and I feel like I'm pretty good with understanding Asian accents....
I've seen this show four times, three on Broadway and once Off Broadway (just as good). I love this show. I laughed so hard that I accidentally bonded with the total strangers sitting around me. I howl-laughed openly and hit my head on the seat in front of mine, the first time I saw it. Then I kept dragging other people along with me, and still it gets me. Not suitable for kids, or church ladies, or for a first date, but definitely suitable for everyone/everything else. Hilarious.
Disappointed. A bunch of friends always hyped this up and I honestly only laughed to one scene because the song was hilarious. Other than that, it was like watching sesame street with dirty words and I was bored. I'm a sarcastic lady with an inappropriate sense of humor and expected more. I've seen dozens of plays in NYC and think the only reason this place has good reviews is because some hipsters said it was funny and people decided to hop on the bandwagon in fear of not sounding "cultured" lol Meh, expensive and not too pleased.
fun, sarcastic and smart. This is my favorite show.. in my opinion, better than book of mormon and wicked.
Brought the tickets on Times out NY  for $59 and it was a great experience. It's amazing how they make the puppet come so alive. (***) Walked out of the place with a weird jaw feeling, probably because I was laughing so much. I really like the "everyone's a little bit racist" I have to agree with it. The bad ideas bears make me crack up, they come out of no where. (****)
Found some parts to be a little slow.  Had a difficult time understanding what the Asian lady was saying on stage because her accent was way too over-exagerated.  The cast's energy, musical talent, and humor were outstanding.  I've recommended this to many friends going to New York this year.  =)
Great experience, but definitely not suitable for young kids (despite it being a musical with puppets)! I came with my boyfriend and got rush tickets when the theater opened at 10am. Be sure to get in line around 9:30am if you want to ensure you get tickets. Our tickets only cost us around $25 and we sat in the middle of the front row! This has its ups and downs - we were really close to the stage, but it was sometimes tiring to always have to look up. I also think we got spit on a few times by the male lead... The content is hilarious and really original. I haven't seen many musicals but I really loved this one and it will be hard for others to beat this in entertaining content! I also think it is something most anyone can relate to - it is the story of a guy who is trying to find his 'purpose' after having some naive or just overly optimistic thoughts about what life after college would be like. There is a love story in there too!
I was looking forward to seeing Avenue Q for ages and am thrilled I got a chance to do so before it leaves NYC (this September!)  I've heard great things about it for years from fam and friends and it was even funnier than I expected!  It's unlike any musical I've seen--I was busting up almost the entire time.  The characters are awesome, the actors are so talented with the puppets and their singing (and dancing), and the show in its entirety is just fun and entertaining.  A great theatre eve in NYC!
HILARIOUS! Funniest production I've seen in NYC (WAY funnier than Silence! The Musical). I have a Bachelor's Degree in English (you'll get what I'm trying to say once you see the show), so I was totally cracking up from minute one of the show. Relatable storyline depicting NYC newbies, cute characters, hilarious songs.. it was awesome. Whatever you do, don't take kids to this show. It's definitely adult-appropriate.
This show is sooo funny!! The puppets and the actors faces area riot. If you like sarcasm, crude jokes and just plain silliness you will love it.
Really entertaining adult show. Loved the set and the cast was very upbeat and funny. Lots of adult themed humor not for the kiddies.
Loved it! Avenue Q was HILARIOUS! It's a sexual two hour(?) muppet show!  We came here when we went to New York-- such a fantastic city! Ok, I'm digressing.... So yes, we had awesome seats, right in the middle, close to the stage, definitely a plus! There  were a few shocker scenes that, me, Miss July, even blushed! Worth the $$, a must see! :)
Avenue Q is the best Show On and off Broadway!!  This show is very funny.  Has a great storyline.  The actors are great!  My husband found this CD at our local library a few years back.  So when we knew we were coming to NYC I booked the tickets!
Gave me hope in life.
Avenue Q is so silly and so much fun! Even though it is a show with puppets DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS! But anyway, it's awesome. Very inappropriate, many sexual jokes. The songs are super catchy. My favorite- "The Internet is for porn!" And you have to love "Everyone's a little bit racist" haha. The experience is worth it! If you have a chance go check out this unique show!
It was magic, we just walked in ten minutes before the Sunday afternoon matinee and scored two tickets fifth row center, just like that! The show was magnificent, all the players so talented, a true Tony Award winner and something I will remember forever. Christian Anderson, who's hand I shook, stood out as a great puppeteer and an animated showman. Howie Michael Smith, an inspired performer Sarah Stiles who subbed for Jennifer Barnhart and played Kate Monster was reminiscent of and reminded me of Gilda Radner, How could Jennifer be better? I love Broadway
Spoiler Alert: ~*~Muppet Porn!~*~ I went to see Avenue Q a long while ago (back in 2009) and I absolutely LOVED the show! I can still remember it as if it was yesterday. Although Wicked will always be my all time favorite, Avenue Q has a very special place in my heart! In one way or another, we can all relate to some of these characters because most of us were once fresh out of college, struggling to find a job, trying to figure out the purpose of our lives, getting tangled in messy relationships, and etc (not going to spoil everything for you). It's hilarious and I couldn't stop chuckling throughout the whole show. When purchasing broadway show tickets, I usually prefer to get either the first two center rows in Front Mezzanine (over orchestra), but for this show, I think orchestra seats would be better since it was playing in a smaller theater. Also (another tip), stay after the show and the actors will sign your playbill for you! FYI: Just because there's puppets, I would leave the kiddies at home. You don't want to ruin those virgin eyes of theirs.
The funniest broadway/off-broadway show I've ever seen.  That purple haired monster is so enlightened.  I never knew what the internet was for until I watched this musical.
Life Helping one another Racism Making Love College Porn Puppets Money It's all in there... Avenue Q is about a college graduate named Princeton. He moves into a New York apartment located at Avenue Q. He meets new people (or shall we say puppets) who teach him things that you may not necessarily learn at school. He's confused about his purpose in life and this musical is about his journey in finding exactly what it is he's looking for. The cast of Avenue Q are incredibly talented. They bring these puppets to life beautifully. The stage is perfectly set, costumes were on point, lighting spot on and the songs were catchy. I laughed, learned and laughed some more. Watch with an open mind and heart. I believe you will enjoy this musicial to its fullest. "Don't stress, relax. Let life roll off your backs. Except for death and paying taxes, everything in life is only for now."
Got tickets for this show while I was in NYC for one night and really enjoyed it! As long as you don't easily get offended, then you should enjoy the show. The set and the puppets were great and it was amazing to see only seven actors/actresses handle all the different puppets. At some points, the actor/actress is playing the role of multiple puppets that are on stage at the same time! In the performance I went to, I saw some parents with their teenage children in the audience. I was a bit surprised at first considering this is probably more of an adult show, but in the end, I'm sure these kids have heard it before in school. Overall, great funny show in a nice theater. I would definitely recommend checking it out!
Such a cute show with such relevant story lines to young adults and recent college graduates. Witty and cute and told by puppets. Highly recommended!
It was like seasame street but in NYC, and it was hilarious! I got tickets through there quick lotto so I had unfront next to the stage tickets, for a very nice and cheap price. The music from the show is something you always want to keep with you on your iPod. I love the songs "It Sucks to be Me" and "The Internet is for Porn" they are so catchy!
Been waiting to see this show for a long time and it did not disappoint. Quite funny. I was thoroughly entertained!
Went to see this on Friday and it was better than expected! I actually wasn't sure WHAT to expect but it was a last minute thing, got a good deal so why not. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised and good a lot of good laughs and jaw dropping moments! My husband loved it too we had a good time!
I had watched book of Mormon the previous week and came here with low expectations but I was proven wrong almost immediately. Courtesy Broadway week, I scored some cheap tickets. It is a smallish theater compared to others that I have been to. I would avoid the first two rows here. Fun show, great tracks, love the muppets , nicely together. It mainly deals with issues that you or I would deal with everyday in the city. I wish I had subtitles for the Chinese lady's dialogs.
Very entertaining, very funny, very sweet. Maybe it's because I haven't been to a Broadway show in years or maybe it's because I'm a pseudo-New Yorker now, but I really loved watching these performers and could really relate to everything they were talking about. It was SO nice to be able to laugh at the un-laughable things in life ... like sucking. The show gives a small warm fuzzies, makes you appreciate little things and reminded me that I live in city where wonderful show like this are at my disposal.
If the Bad Idea Bears don't make you laugh, don't even think about friending me on here. My favorite part was the way the actors moved their bodies much the same way their puppets did. Attention to fun detail like that sells me.
This show was hilarious! Lots of fun and adult humor, definitely go watch it!
These people are so crazy talented. And just plain crazy. F*cking brilliant. Loved it, and would love to see it again. I can't get dear, funny, earnest little Kate Monster's song out of my head: "There's a fine, fine line between love... and a waste of your time."
Best show I've seen in NY in a couple years.  A must see!  I would caution against the 12 year old restriction.  I wouldn't bring someone under 18 to this show.  But I don't have kids so maybe I don't know but my 30 something old companion was embarrassed so take it for what it's worth.  Make time to see this show!
Happy 700th! There is no better way to celebrate my 700th commemoration than to highlight the wonderful show of Avenue Q. There are a few shows that I have seen more than once but Avenue Q takes the cake in that I've seen it 3 times so far and I would gladly watch it again. It's funny! It's witty! It's fresh (cool and raunchy)! It's original! It utilizes high technology! It's interactive! And as Simon would say- It's relevant! There are so many themes in Avenue Q for the young that it really makes me feel youthful. I'm getting older but I can still identify with all of the issues that take place on stage. Life is what you make of it and it's so funny that so much of life that we try to make sense of is trying to fit in that status quo box. Not everything fits in the box, people. And that's where Avenue Q steps in. It's unPC! It's shocking! It's the truth! It's a trip down memory lane! It reminds you of that evil boss you have. It has cheap floozies. It's a reflection of the recession. It reminds you of how useless your college degree is. It's genius I tell you! And it's all great. It's heartwarming and an homage to NYC. I've taken two innocents to see Avenue Q and they are both better off today. Haha I've exposed their eyes to puppet porn! Puppet porn... What? Yes, they really do go there. Take your blinders off and watch Avenue Q. They touch on everything you are feeling on the onset of adulthood. Is this what being a grownup is all about? If so, let's all cheers to sex, booze and learning from our mistakes.
I've only seen a handful of Broadway shows, but this is my favorite.  An irreverent sense of humor is required for this one and that's exactly my style. Thanks to my wonderful wife for knowing I would enjoy this.  Would gladly go see it again, and hope to.
There's not much I can add to what has already been written, but so what!? I'm gonna write it anyway! Whahahahaha! Avenue Q is a raunchy, racy, funny, puppet show/musical about the stresses of being young in New York City. While I may not still qualify as young (as my girlfriend likes to remind me quite frequently), I once was, so I can still relate. The songs are catchy, the plot is very easy to follow, and the cast is all great. Any non-prude 20 or 30-something who has spent time in the city will enjoy it, and those from outside New York will still appreciate the humor and talented cast. Two thumbs up! Bonus info: Lucy, the puppet slut, is super hot and even has puppet nipples, which I saw during a backstage tour.
This show was hysterical! I really enjoyed this show and I could relate to a lot of it. My only issue was that it was hard for me to focus on the puppet instead of the actual actor. I still think it was a fantastic show and I laughed the entire time.
If the Bad Idea Bears don't make you laugh, don't even think about friending me on here. My favorite part was the way the actors moved their bodies much the same way their puppets did. Attention to fun detail like that sells me.
Funny as hell!!!  One of the better shows I've seen on Broadway!!!  Loved it!!!
I'm going to keep it sweet, short and simple: AVENUE Q IS A MUST SEE I think of Avenue Q as a R-rated version of Sesame Street without the alphabet songs. I scored front mezzanie tickets for 50% off aka $60/person! Holla. Thank you, travelzoo.com !! BTW, Trekkie Monster is my fav.!!
Hilarious! I came here for the $20 at 20 thing.. Basically a friend and I presented 20 minutes prior to the show and received tickets for $20. It was a great deal! Especially since the show was amazing! The perfect mix of musical, comedy, and inappropriateness. I would certainly recommend this show!
Been waiting to see this show for a long time and it did not disappoint. Quite funny. I was thoroughly entertained!
Judy S must be a stick in the mud, or has absolutely no sense of humor.  This is a great show, having seen it years ago on Broadway and now at New World!  And kudos to New World, a terrific venue to enjoy an evening on the town
Avenue Q is probably better if, as you're walking to the theatre, the person you're seeing the play with doesn't say "What do you do with a B.A. in English?" And then go on about how useless said degree is. And you get all offended (since you're getting a fucking expensive degree in English at the time, and happened to buy the tickets) and ask what's so great about a degree in drama, from a small state school no less, and kinda wonder about the person's qualifications for judging you since he's thirty and temping. And then half-way through the play, the song "What Do You Do with a B.A. in English" starts, and you kinda feel like a d-bag.   The play would probably be better if that didn't happen.  But it's still pretty good.
loved the show! it was adorably funny and had some catchy phrases. i loved much effort each actor put into their roles.
Avenue Q was entertaining throughout, and especially funny during the first half.  If you are a twenty- or early thirty-something, you will definitely relate to every situation presented. The cast is a group of seriously talented individuals who portray multiple roles, and they will keep you laughing during the entire production. New World Stages is very small, making for an intimate show that the whole audience can feel a part of. And be careful, because during the second half, there is a point where cast members come out into the audience.....at the time I attended, one woman had her purse raided - they even ate a couple of her Red Vines! Hilarious. Highly recommend getting rush tickets the day of - even if you have a seat on the far end of a row, your view will not be as obstructed as you think in this small venue.
So friggin' fantastic! This has been one of my favorite soundtracks for a long time and I finally was able to catch the show this summer. The cast was wonderful and the show exceeded my expectations - even after being familiar with the songs. Basically... consider this show to be Sesame Street for Adults. Definitely not a show for kids, but a great show for grownups!
Avenue Q is an award-winning musical about a naive, recent college-grad who looks to begin his life in Avenue Q in NYC.  He doesn't know exactly how to begin his life, but we laugh as he learns life-lessons through song.   This is essentially an adult version of sesame street.   It's well written and funny and the songs are infectious and catchy.  The theater is great - you can see the stage clearly from any seat in the orchestra and they can deliver drinks to your chair during the intermission. Don't pay full price for the show - you could get discounts either through TKTS or goldstar.  If you like the type of humor that's in South Park and you're looking to see a musical, then this is for you.  I came here to celebrate as part of a bachelors' party weekend and it fit perfectly.
I had shitty seats (so expensive!) but I still enjoyed this musical that spoke to my life just a little too well.  About a recent college grad who cant afford to live on Avenues A through P, moves in in the more "affordable" avenue Q - and halerity ensues.  Trekkie monster is awesome and so does his song - The Internet Is For Porn.  Kate Monster is awesome - and a murderer too.  Hah.  Princeton is amazing - and frighteningly naive like myself about life after college in NYC.  Really creative in discussing race, coming of age, etc and ridiculously funny.  Good for teenagers and older...especially recent college grads.  Damn.
hmmm a Broadway show with sesame street looking puppets?  Sounds interesting enough compared to the other Broadway productions. I heard this production was funny but I really wasn't prepared for how FUNNY it really was.  Starting from Act 1 the crew from Avenue Q will have you laughing and chuckling away.  Every topic they talked about got the audience going because it was all relatable to real life issues.  They picked at everything from religion, sexuality and racism.  They did it in such an easy going way, I wouldn't think anybody would get offended. I mean who can get offended at puppets right?? Avenue Q has to be my top 3 all time favorite Broadway shows to watch.  Even the boy who isn't a fan of Broadway productions had to admit that he really enjoyed it.   So if you are in the Manhattan area, check out Avenue Q before they finish in September!
LOVE this show!!  Avenue Q is hysterical!!!  Expect the anti-muppets.  I had such a fabulous time that even the woman sitting next to me complimented me with "I'm really enjoying the show sitting next to you".  The show had me laughing so hard.  It definitely knows how to get a reaction out of you.  I enjoyed the music so much that I bought the soundtrack too.  Just maybe you might not want to play it too loudly, others might not appreciate it if they haven't seen the show.
I will never look at puppets the same way again... I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I purchased tickets for "Avenue Q."  But what a treat.  Like Sher J. said, if you've watched Sesame Street, Electric Company or the Muppets, this show will transport you back to your childhood...well, at least for a brief moment.  (They sure didn't make puppets like that back then!)  I laughed insanely and more than once I said to myself, "Oh shit, they did not just go there!  Oh shit...they so did!"  It's a very light-hearted show and you walk away with those 'feel good' feelings bubbling inside. The cast does a fine job, and I had the privilege of seeing Rick Lyon perform.  He's the very same guy who created the puppets!  What a treat to be able to see his creation come alive the way he meant them to be.  Mary Faber really does a fabulous job of carrying the voices of the female voices.  Cheers to her! "Avenue Q" is performing at the Golden Theater on Broadway, an excellent location next to other theatres and lots of places to eat.   Side note: Only non-prudish open-minded people need apply.  This musical is not meant for squares. Now, go watch some puppet fun!
Loved it, this is a great and very funny show. This is a funny musical that is innapproprite for children. I laughed my ass off the entire show.
Very appropro and digestible b'way show for us twenty-somethings, covering a myriad of pertinent life topics encapsulated in catchy songs like: What do you do with a B.A. in English? It Sucks to Be Me If you were Gay Purpose (it's that little flame that lights a fire under your ass) Everyone's A Little Bit Racist The Internet is For Porn Mix Tape There's a Fine, Fine Line (between Love and a waste of time) Schadenfreude For Now Ahhhh soo good.  They got away with so many bold and crude topics because this show employs puppetry--sorta like a Crank Yankers musical.  The cast members were all very strong and versatile--I didn't feel like I was watching understudies at all.
I think you need to live in NYC in order to understand this show perfectly. And I am so lucky that I do :) Anyways, this show will definitely make you laugh...a lot! I have heard those songs before, therefore i was whispering "sucks to be me" and 'internet is for porn" along with singing show-people/puppets on the stage. I also loved how "purpose" turned into "propose"! Definitely worth seeing! And do it right now - the show will end in the middle of September.
I loved it the first time because I was so surprised (saw it before they won a Tony) didn't care for it much the second time since I already knew what was going to happen.  My friends have all enjoyed the show. Think Muppets on truth serum + adult language & jokes. Very funny if you get innuendos. Date Rating: 10 Pick up Scale: 1 Strong Suggestion: bring someone with a sense of humor who doesn't usually like Broadway.
Totally vulgar and totally hilarious; very cute. It was extremely mortifying, though, when the puppets were fucking and I looked over at my mom and she was wearing a big frown of Christian disapproval on her face.
The man sitting next to me was getting uncomfortable during the parts about racism, porn, homosexuality, and basically during the whole damn thing. It was fun and refreshing. We thought we had to get seats in the front but the theater isn't too big so any seat seems to have a good view.
I loved this play. It was my first broadway play (even if it was now off broadway). My friend and I constantly text lines to each other all day, and laugh secretly at "the internet is for porn" I loved it and would see it again. COME TO SEATTLE!
After eating at Morimoto's, yelp.com/biz/morimoto-ne…  we made our way over to the Golden Theater to watch Avenue Q. I was really excited to watch this musical because I've heard nothing but insanely great reviews! To top it off I'll be able to watch a Broadway Musical in NYC! Besides the Strip Clubs in Vegas. Avenue Q has to be the MOST entertaining and raunchiest musical I've experienced! I've never gawked, laughed nor had my jaw drop so many times from the hysterical things these CRACKED OUT Sesame Street Puppets were slurring, singing, and performing! To understand how funny this musical is. I was sitting next to these older females, 90yrs old or something, and these ladies were laughing their oxygen masks off! At one point I didn't know if one of them was having a seizure, going through cardiac arrest or just plainly enjoying the sexual and explicit songs! heh heh..naughty grandma. So if you're looking for a no holds bar, in your face, hilarious comedy featuring cracked out Sesame Street Muppets having muppet sex and talking about sex then this is THE show for you! ----------------- Rye's Notes: *Get  your tickets @ TKTS, yelp.com/biz/theatre-dev… , save some dough y0! *Bring some Kleenex you'd be wiping off tears of laughter *GET BACK TO YOUR SEATS FAST after intermission! *Go to the Restroom and release all fluids. You'll be laughing HARD and might wet your pants!
It's a lot of fun to watch as long as you like raunchy humor.
Avenue Q - my favorite show ever thus far.  This was the 2nd show that I had ever seen when I moved to NYC a few years back. Expect the following: Coming of age - includes issues & anxieties of entering adulthood Raunchy Funny Do you know what the INTERNET is used for?!?   Answer me that once you see the show. DEFINITE MUST GO.   Especially good for those newly graduated out of college and poor in NYC.
I love the performance! We were entertained the whole time. Even though some of the slow songs were a bit long and somewhat too draggy. The place was small and we were seated really closed to everyone else. We got like the last row or all the way in the back but since it is a small place and it is a puppy show it was fine.
I've seen this show 3 times and have listened to the soundtrack so many times I've lost count.  And I would watch and listen to the soundtrack again and again and again and ... well, you get the picture. YES, it's that good ... and YES it is the best show I have ever been to.  PERIOD. Some of my friends said they really hated musicals, plays, etc but since they were in NYC, thought they'd see one just for the hell of it.  Advised them to see this one, and needless to say they walked out wanting to watch more shows before they left. It is a great show filled with laughs and touching moments -- and the songs are so catchy!! Just watch it ... seriously, it is a MUST!
I'm glad I saw this in NY, where the crowd is a little quicker and really nothing shocks them (no offense to my homebase in SF). Sure it's politically incorrect and not appropriate for kids, but adults gotta play, too. Love the musical score! Though the seating is tight (so leave the parka at home) at this theatre, it was a great experience overall, and didn't drag on at all, which is perfect for those with the attention spans of three years olds, like myself.
Avenue Q. makes our favorite Broadway musical list! Avenue Q has you doing double takes in your head. A musical that stirs up social circumstances and real life questions / concerns. Quite hilarious as well. And I mean, H.I.L.A.R.I.O.U.S. Asthmatic? Bring your inhaler. You'll be laughing yourself off your seat. As Michelle A. stated, it's an adult version of Sesame Street. But, don't get me wrong. There's moral too! They donate $ towards charity. And by golly, when it's for a good cause, I'm all about it! Had the pleasure of watching this show while they toured Orange County. Won't hesitate to see them again! Definitely not for children. Q has got a great cast, a musical that was well played and songs to inspire.  Well...when you see it, you'll understand. ;-)
Nothing more to add to all the previous raving reviews. The songs were unique, catchy, and most of all - blunt truth in every word!
This show is definitely not a classic like some of the other shows on Broadway, so I wouldn't pick it as your first Broadway experience. However, if you've already seen things like Phantom of the Opera, Wicked, Rent, Stomp, etc. and/or just want something different. Avenue Q is Awesome! I can say I thoroughly enjoyed and laughed my ass off through at least 80% of the songs. I spent a little extra for "good" seats, as typical Broadway theaters tend to be quite large, and cheap seats...tend to suck. But the Avenue Q theater is actually quite small, so you can still get a good viewing and buyer cheaper seats.  Anyway it's a hilarious musical, I love the idea of a Sesame Street for Adults. Hell my bros, gf and I all went the following couple days to the Silly Puppets store and bought a bunch of puppets to make our own stupid puppet shows on the NYC subway. ~G
soooooooooooo FUNNY! i loved it. it kind of took me a while to distinguish the puppets from the real actors though. but man, a lot of the stuff was definitely relatable. portrays real life in a comedic light and some of the lines are so clever. talking about porn can be funny, but its sooo much mroe funny when it comes from a puppet. it's definitely a must see on broadway!! best line: "grab your dick and double click..." LOL
#172 NY Review #9 A trip to NYC would not be complete without seeing a Broadway, or in our case, off-Broadway show. Our group had done zero pre-work on determining which show to watch. We asked around a bit and were pointed in the direction of 'Avenue Q'. Buy your tickets from TKTS. We got ours 40% off about 30 minutes before show time. It was absolutely H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S! Imagine the Muppets, but crude, rude, and naughty. There really was never a dull moment for me, but it's probably not the best show for kids because of the subject matter. I loved the two bear muppets and the Gary Coleman character. It's too bad you couldn't buy the bears as souvenirs because I would have haha. Trekkie Monster was available however. I'll just leave you with one last thought, "...FOR PORN!" If you've seen the show, you know what that means. Otherwise, just remember that line for when you watch the show - it'll crack you up for days.
this show is not like any show out there. its clever, original, and  so so funny! they have songs like "everyone is a little bit racist" "it sucks to be me"  "internet is for porn"  and "if you were gay.." the songs /dialogue were awesome i seriously could not stop laughing, my cheeks were hurting! my favorite part of my trip! and got our tickets half off at tkts!
I waited to see the show for years--I wasn't interested when it originally opened.  Well, it was very much worth the wait and I'm verrrry glad I saw it!  A very refreshing use of a number of theatrical and technological elements, Avenue Q may be the only show to hold the attention of a 21st century-iPhone toting audience!  Not once was I distracted by a theatre patron's cell phone glow!  Hooray! With the first act more fun than the more serious second, the story is one every age will find relevant; keep in mind this production is not for those under 18 and I know that was in the marketing...Sesame Street has grown up.  As a matter of fact, I wouldn't recommend you see it with your parents or someone you don't know too well---puppet sex and porn may not be a comfortable topic. ;) I know Avenue Q has run quite a while and it's unfortunate it's closing as I think it's well worth the money one pays for a Broadway show----tickets were $77.50 for orchestra seats which is very reasonable considering the going rates.  Maybe it's not doing well?  Nonetheless, Avenue Q is touring nationally and has found a home in Vegas---where I'm sure it's comfortable.  After all, those dirty puppets will be in Sin City. ;)
As a big (self-proclaimed) theater person, I was super excited when the boyfriend got tickets to Avenue Q as my Christmas present--and the show was an absolute riot! Incredibly well-written, well-acted, and well-produced. I was blown away by the talent.. the way the actors sang, manipulated the puppets, and oftentimes had to do multiple characters/voices at once was truly impressive. The songs were catchy and HILARIOUS and and the puppets were adorable! We were lol-ing through the whole show. I also really loved the intimacy of a smaller theater. Overall, a must-see that's light, funny, and with a positive, feel-good message.
Others have already mentioned why this show is great & I have to say I agree.  Took my husband a few years back for his birthday while it was playing on Broadway.  This was after he'd wanted to see it for years. How can you NOT like a show where the opening song has the chorus "It sucks to be me?"  Or a song called "The Internet is for Porn?"  Those are a couple of the great songs in this. An awesome production to take those who are not into typical musicals (like my spouse).  However, if you bring little kids then you're either a horrible parent or want to corrupt said children.
I saw this right after graduating from my prestigious liberal arts school with my perfectly useless degree.  Awesome timing.  The theater is pretty small and intimate, but very cramped seating! Vulgar but sooo relatable and absolutely hilarious ("Cum-Mitment" anyone? lol).
It sucks to be me!  I sing this all the time when it DOES suck to be me and my day gets better..   If you didn't see the show, you might not have understood that reference so... see the show!   Serious note, it's a crude show with lots of humor and wrongness wrapped into a puppet show.  What better way to excuse yourself from touching on topics like s*x, purpose of life, race, stereotyes, etc.. than to have puppets sing them on stage? I can't think of anything more entertaining.
I have seen Avenue Q more than once and it is one of my favorite plays. It is very funny, somewhat racy and handles many taboo topics in a way that helps encourage further discussion. Songs such as "Everyones a Little Bit Racist", "It Sucks to be Me" and "The Internet is for Porn"  bring up serious topics in a hilarious way. While it is modelled as a type of adult Sesame Street it is not good for kids but shouldn't be missed by any adults. Unfortunately it is closing in September so if you haven't seen it you need to hurry or you will miss one of the best plays ever.
No one under 16 is allowed into a puppet show? What kind of show IS this? I can now see why. Racism. CHECK! Porn references. CHECK! Puppet nudity/sex. CHECK! Conservative Republican bashing. CHECK! Walking out of the theater knowing nothing can spoil your day and now understanding why it won the Tony Award for Best Musical. CHECK! CHECK! AND CHECK! Underneath all of the hilariousness there is an underlying message and that is life goes on and everything is, "only for now."
I saw this show off Broadway and it was fantastic. It's so different from every other show out there. If you like college humor, this show is definitely right up your alley. The gritty humor appealed to my bf. He said, if more musicals had this type of humor, then he would be going to to a lot more plays. It's hard to find a musical that we both thoroughly enjoyed.
I have two words for you: PUPPET PORN. We were in NYC. Had to see a show. Picked this one essentially out of a hat and WOW!! This is a raunchy version of Sesame Street with uber talented puppeteers who give a flawless, hilarious (I seriously peed myself), and perfectly timed performance. The theater is so small that, theoretically, there is "no bad seat in the house" but we decided to splurge on "premium seats" and we are so glad we did. I think sitting too far back would have diluted things to some degree. It's not really puppet porn -- most the the time, anyway -- but it's definitely not for those with delicate sensibilities.
Really funny play. I saw some kids there and was shocked that they were let in though. This is definitely not for any kid although there are puppets.
So I struggled a bit on whether to focus on the actor faces or the puppets.  I got lost a few times but enjoyed the overall story line.  Pretty funny.  Some skits were hilarious while others stalled a bit.  I remember the 2nd half being much better than 1st half. Bad Idea Bears were amazing and if you didn't laugh during the "Everyone's a Little Bit Racist" song than you suck at the game of life.  Tickets are extremely affordable and we sat pretty much front and center for about $65 a ticket.  I believe we used TXTS (tdf.org) to get day off tickets for 50% off on a Wednesday. The lead for the female was Kate Lippstreu.  This woman is super hot.  Just saying.
Great play so funny so ny!!! Unexpected funny and so much fun!
Just finished watching Avenue Q on Saturday night and it might be even better than all of the positive reviews that it's received. It's not only highly entertaining but also funny, thought provoking and touching.  We were able to get "rush" tickets the day of the show at 10am and ended up with front row seats for just $27 each! The cast is amazing.  I would see the show again in a heartbeat even if it wasn't on broadway/off-broadway, but I can't imagine another cast doing a better job.  They pretty much rocked. Btw, you don't have to like muppets/puppets to like the show.  It's just a good story. Might be more relevant to the younger age set 20s-30s but think almost anyone should be able to enjoy it and relate to some extent.   Just go already...
We saw this a while ago with the original cast.  Hilarious.  The songs stick with you and pop up in conversation every once in a while.
Avenue Q was my first non-Disney, non-off Broadway, Broadway show and I was very impressed. Avenue Q was awesome. It was a little serious, a little raunchy, and very funny. It was basically an adult Sesame Street musical. I thought I'd mind having the puppeteers so blatantly visible as they were walking around the stage and yes I kept looking back and forth from the puppets to the puppeteers but it didn't really bother me. The set was simple and great, the songs were creative and funny, and the show was a blast. The theater is also small enough that it won't matter if you've got a mediocre seat or a front seat you'll never be far away from the stage (no binoculars necessary). This really is only for mature audiences by the way (there are plenty of swears and naked puppet sex). I got my ticket from TKTS (they've got a location in Times Sq and one in Downtown Brooklyn as well) so it was half price which was great, the only catch is that you have to go the day of (which I didn't mind). Also, the story line of the show actually changes every so often for those who aren't aware. A friend of mine saw the show a few years ago and the plot was entirely different. This makes me exciting to think that if this show stays around for awhile I can eventually go back and potentially see a different show.
Hilarious and fun. Some X-rated puppetry involved too! This was my boyfriend's first Broadway and he really enjoyed it and hasn't been turned off to musicals just yet. Our favorites puppets were the Bad Idea Bears!! The acoustics of the theater are not all that great but the view from any seat is pretty solid as it is a small theater.
I think I first heard about Avenue Q three years ago on NPR.  Since I was living in L.A. at the time, there was no way for me to see it (the Las Vegas production got canceled,) until now.  While I thoroughly enjoyed it, it really does take a lot to live up to three years' worth of hype.   As Ed mentioned, the plot is really, really thin.  It seems more like a collection of short satirical skits than it does a continuous story.  Some questions popped up in my head like, "why is Trekkie Monster called 'Trekkie Monster' when they didn't do anything with the Trekkie concept?  Is it only because it sounds similar to 'Cookie Monster?'" and "why is the character of Gary Coleman in this?  Is this just for some cheap laughs?"   Still, the songs are catchy, and as my mom noted, (yes, I went with my mom, so the puppet sex scene was a bit of a surprise,) it's a very clever production.  The skits (I thought of them as skits anyway,) deal humorously with such subjects as racism, homophobia, sex, what to do with a B.A. in English, and unemployment, and that's no easy task.  The two leads (Mary Faber and Howie Michael Smith when I saw it,) are incredible.  They, in my opinion, outperform the material, especially since they are sometimes performing 2-3 voices in the same scene.   Overall, it's a great time, but I'm not sure I need to see it twice.
I'm so very sad that Avenue Q closed. I am not much of a Broadway guy, but I saw  Avenue Q twice and loved it each time. It is very much not for kids, as it will probably totally warp their minds and never let them look at Sesame Street the same. But for the more mature crowd, particularly the post-college type, this is by far the easiest show to identify with and will make you roll in the aisles from start till finish. Its cute, witty, the songs are awesome, its just funny as hell. I hope it finds a place to come back in maybe a different venue or maybe as a limited time engagement, because I would definitely go see it again.
LOVED IT!!! So funny, so cute! Puppets getting it on and singing about porn...YES!
I had a blast at Avenue Q. Think of "Rent," except the cast are muppets with potty-mouths. Memorable music. Combine that awesome lineup and hilarious story with the attendance of your friends' parents at the show, and you've got a night to remember.
While it was playing on Broadway tried in vain to purchase discounted tickets but the folks at my school (evil NYU students) were viscous in their zeal to see this show. Finally saw it off Broadway 3 weeks ago. The small theater brought an intimate feel. Crowd was diverse. I liked the NY mag bar which sold $4 sangria and cocktails inspired by the muppets. The play brings about many emotions: laughter, enthusiasm, sadness, hope, shyness  (@ the raunchy scene). They bring up serious topics about life, relationships, purpose.  The actors did a great job singing and holding the puppets (at times playing many roles. One thing, i just wish the dialogue was more engaging at times.But overall, it was a fun play with good  morals. Please, no children or elderly
Hilarious! A great Broadway production! I would see it again for sure.
Fantastic show. We got TKTS tickets for 30% off, 5th row, middle-left. It's a small theater, so there's only two sections in the lower bowl. I didn't know much about the show going in except for the "Sesame Street for adults" tag, but the girlfriend and I found it hilarious and entertaining. The actors were all fantastic and enthusiastic, especially the two leads. Most of the actors also have multiple character hats, so kudos to them for being able to switch off so effortlessly. The end of the show was actually a little depressing personally. I won't ruin it for anyone, but it almost felt like watching an episode of Mad Men or Sopranos, where the show hits you over the head with a dose of real life. Then you sit there and think, gee, everything seems ok, but is it really? And then you think about how it applies to yourself, and bummer city comes to town. That's likely just my convoluted mind overthinking things; Avenue Q is fantastic, heart-warming, and most importantly, hilarious. There's definitely a more than PG13 dose of crude humor and real-life situations in there, but it's definitely worth two hours of your life.
Saw this with the bf maybe a year ago & we both had a blast. I was definitely able to relate to it at the time since they touch upon finally being in "the real world" *rolls eyes*, fresh out of college with a degree, but UNABLE to find a job. Don't want to divulge too many details here cos i don't want to spoil it for anyone, but a definite must watch. Everything was hilarious. You'll see muppets do things you've never seen them do before! hahaI would say 16+ for the age range. I saw some people bring their really young kids here & if i had a kid.. i just wouldn't do that..
AMAZING :) My cousins and I decided to watch Avenue Q at the last minute. We had nothing else to do. Plus, everyone has to watch a show on broadway at some point in their lives :) I have already seen Avenue Q at the Spreckles Theater in SD, but I liked the musical a lot so of course I agreed to go. It was SO good. Even better than I remembered. Or maybe the performers were better? Who knows. The stage was smaller and audience seating area was smaller as well. Because we bought our tickets last minute, my seat was all the way on the edge of the right side but I still had a great view. The performers were AMAZING. Especially the lady who played Kate Monster and Lucy the Slut. C-R-A-Z-Y amazing. She had a beautiful voice :) The other performers were great, too. I really don't know how they do it, all the puppeteering, the keeping a straight face when they are saying something hilarious, and singing AMAZINGLY? Props to Avenue Q on broadway. Even if you have already seen this show, you need to see it again if you are in the area. I only paid $60 for my ticket :)
I've been to New York more times than I can count, and Avenue Q was worth this trip alone.  I love how each puppeteer had at least two characters. The only downside was that we were sitting a little far back and it was difficult to make out what they were saying at times.
Ah yes, one of the greatest and most original musicals of our time. I remember the first time I heard the soundtrack. I was about 16 and it had first come out..... I was blown away and immediately fell in love with each and every character and each and every song. My friends and I would burst into song in the halls, learned how to spell the word SCHADENFREUDE, and learned many a valuable life lesson. Glad to know it's still going strong and as funny as ever.
This show was soo funny and highly entertaining! Five stars! I love anything that doesn't bore me.
"It sucks to be me" "PORN" I saw the musical last night and this is what is stuck in my head all day.  I'm walking down the street and I just want to scream PORN.  I do not have Turret's.  I saw Avenue Q! I had some skeptical friends when I chose this show, so I'm super glad they ended up loving it.  It's something that anyone post college can relate to.  Not too sure if young children will enjoy the puppet sex or homosexual innuendos.  The elder couple behind us laughed so loud that I'm sure that their generation will totally enjoy it too.
Excellent story, funny songs (although there were some exceedingly cheesy ones interspersed among the awesome rest), great acting, and cool use of the stage and props (including the puppets of course).  I hadn't seen a musical in ages, and Avenue Q made me wish I lived in NYC so I could see them more often!
Six times.  Six.  Twice at New World Stages, twice in Detroit, once in Ann Arbor (traveling group's one night stop at the Michigan Theatre) and also Ann Arbor Civic Theater's production.   Six times.  And it's not cheap.  But it's worth EVERY penny.  But is it for everyone?  Probably not.  If you grew up with sesame street and lean to the left, this is probably the show for you.  Leave your children at home. Yes, it has puppets.  But they are not for children.  And despite all the warnings if you do bring your kids you deserve the awkward conversation you'll have to deal with the rest of the week. Bad language? Check! Jokes about sensitive topics like race and religion? Check! Political incorrectness? Check!  Porn-obsessed monster? Check! Well, what are you waiting for?  GO!   Also, make sure you have a single in your hand after intermission.
Loved, loved, loved it! Definitely compeltely different then any other musical on broadyway (not that I've seen many but Ive seen the bigger ones).  Was laughing after the first 5 mintues..and really didnt stop.  The music was catchy and I thought all the actors did an excellent job with moving the puppets.  If you want to see something different and funny on broadway this is the show!
Can I give more stars?  Loved, loved, loved.  I was determined to see a show while in NYC and knew it would be this or maybe Wicked, but Wicked's been on tour, so I went with this one.  My fiance and I went around 5:45 pm on a Tuesday evening and entered the lottery for front row seats for $21.25 each.  It's a small theater so there are only 12 front row seats to win, essentially 6 names get called at 6:00 pm.  Odds are better in the middle of the week, worst on weekends.  Still there were at least 40 people mulling around waiting.  Well, my name was called fifth and my fiance's name called sixth!   All I knew about the musical going in was that it was about puppets, kinda an homage to Sesame Street.  The two theater geeks next to me sang along with all the songs, but otherwise, front row for $21.25 was not bad.  The songs are funny, the actors were very talented, and I love the Bad News Bears.  If you appreciated Garden State and like smart comedy, this is for you.  I read shortly afterwards in the nytimes that they're casting for a road tour so if you can't come to NYC hopefully it'll come to you!
This show was absolutely hilarious.  The music was very creative and funny.  A must see for anyone in their twenties or early thirties.
Sarcasm, irony and satire at it's finest! Avenue Q is a must-see for anyone who loves raunchy and slapstick comedy. And...especially if you're a college graduate who's having a hard time making it in the real world. I laughed non-stop during this entire musical. I would definitely love to come back during an upcoming NYC trip. Quick Tip: There is a delicious Korean restaurant, Bann, located right next to the New World Stages. You can grab a bite to eat and a couple glasses of wine before the musical.
Hilarious show! The performers are very talented... a great alternative to your typical Broadway show! Get your tickets at the TKTS booth, it's worth it... just remember to leave your children, and your parents (assuming theyre older) at home!
HA HA HA HA HA HA-LARIOUS!  Cute, Funny, Singing puppets!  Not your typical Broadway Show but an uplifting, modern twist.  The songs and their performances have a fun, creative twist.  Very engaging...I felt as if the puppets had facial expressions even though I knew they didn't. The theatre is also smaller than expected. I find those who didn't enjoy it as much are those who didn't know the show was all puppets and were expecting more of a Phantom of the Opera, dramatic show.  So heads up!  The show is ALL puppets, funny, vulgar, and adult-rated!  Make sure you check this out while you still can!
This musical was hilarious!  I was laughing so hard during the puppet sex too.  It's a musical everyone can relate to since we are all trying to find ourselves and our "purpose" in life.  I am happy to know it's still going strong even if it's playing off broadway at New World Stages now.  I truly recommend it!
As one can see by looking at all my reviews, I do not easily give 4-stars.  Usually, when I see anything have an average ranking of 4 1/2 stars, I'm usually correct in noting that it's not deserved. Well, this does not apply to Avenue Q, which I thought was absolutely hilarious. I rarely attend Broadway shows, but I strongly recommend seeing Avenue Q, since it certainly is not a typical Broadway show (which is one of the reasons why it is so great). For the majority of the show, I was laughing a lot.  If you are an overly P.C.  and uptight person, you will strongly dislike this show. However, if you have a sense of humor or even a pulse, I am quite confident that you will really enjoy Avenue Q.  The song lyrics are hilarious, the singers/performers are quite skilled and the accompanying  music was quite nice.   Simply put, I am a jovial fellow but during the performance, I hadn't laughed so much in a long time. I strongly recommend seeing Avenue Q and enjoying the non-stop adult humor.
Hysterical take on life after college in the big city.
The Internet Is For Porn!  But I'm gonna use it, just for a minute, to review AvenueQ.   I've been looking for my purpose lately.  After this show, I'm thinking one thing that would make me happy in life is to become a puppeteer and sing bawdy songs and make people laugh.    You'd think the cast had developed and become the market leader of Fun, then been acquired by Google making all their shares go through the roof, guaranteeing them a life to pursue their lives as social workers, teachers, comedians and...whatever else you can do with a degree in English. The show seemed to speak to the demographic of *me*  - brought up on Sesame Street (well, via TV), South Park, Family Guy, Sarah Silverman, The Daily Show;  The  BA in Spanish,  living in the post-PC culture in San Francisco.   Though this show is in no way affilliated with Sesame Street, the nods to the show didn't go unrecognized-  Nicky & Rod,  counting nightstands, sounding out words in the formats that gave me warm fuzzies of recognition. Not suitable for children, Republicans, Christians, prudes or some parents.   Here's the test: would they be comfortable seeing puppets have sex?
One of my favorite musicals of all time! Very innovative in the sense of adult puppet humor and great music.  They imitate and poke fun at Sesame street  a lot.  I LOVED IT!  I cracked up through the whole show.  The guy who made the puppets is the guy who did the puppets for the muppets, I think?  Anyway, great show, fun time, highly recommend, although not for kids!
Fun, light-hearted musical. New world theater was pretty small, and it was a simple plot that satirizes issues and anxieties commonly faced when entering "adulthood." There were a few scandalous scenes such as some R-rated puppet scenes, and crude humor. One of my complaints is that even though we were 4 rows away from the stage it was very difficult to hear the cast.  i was also surprised that each person didn't stick with playing the same puppet, whereas they actually switched off, and two of the main performers dominated the scenes. My favorite song is probably -- "it sucks to be me" They sell dietcoke at the bar that comes from the tap, it's $3.
Funny and entertaining. It felt like I was in a high school drama show. Definitely not worth $89.99.. It is entertaining and it was funny. Make sure you pay 1/2 price for the best seat.
"Avenue Q" followed us from our Sesame Street childhood, where everything is 'Sunny Days and A-Okay",  to our jaded, sarcastic and responsibility-eschewing adulthood. Except, in a wittier, clever and un-PC (like we really wanna be) way. Very smartly done and in a manner where I didn't really "see" the humans behind the puppets. I do need to listen to Ann Harada belt out her classic love ballad whenever the bf and I are annoyed with one another . It is true that  "...the more you ruv someone the more he make you crazy!"
See it.  You will laugh and have a great time.  The cast was great.  I've confirmed that it really does suck to be me.
This is not your five-year-old's Sesame Street.  These puppets sing about porn, racism, sex/sexual orientation, and many other taboo topics with clever lyrics and catchy tunes.  This show was definitely brought to you by the letter F for Fantastic!   Update: they are moving off-Broadway, so you can still go check it out!
I was a little confused at first since the cast is half puppets and half real people but the show turned out to be funny (a little raunchy) and very enjoyable. You can get great deals on tickets too if you go through goldstar. I paid $40 and sat in the second row - which was almost too close.
I'm a really big fan.  Very witty; some say corny... but I bet these are the same people that TiVo reality TV and pay sharp attention to PerezHilton. As much as I had a really enjoyable time, I think there was potential for even better.  There was a great set up to really parody the supposed values that we even strive for as stupid in and of themselves.  But maybe that would be a little darker and along the American Beauty theme than Broadway is willing to go. But regardless, I have at least a handfull of songs stuck in my head and a got a really good laugh.  Highly recommended.
Terrible. I was duped into going to this show by a guy wearing a Broadway Genius shirt out in Times Square. He kept emphasizing that this show won the Tony award over Wicked and he showed me all the great reviews it got from his iPad. For all the hype this show has got I just did not find it that funny. Typical boy meets girl story that you know the ending to. Purely shock value humor. Maybe this show was funny nearly 10 years ago when it came out but the humor is just so dated at this point that it comes off as cheesy. All these great reviews have to be a bandwagon effect. If raunchy comedy is your thing check out Newsical the Musical. It's cheaper than this show and a lot funnier and relevant. They update it weekly. My girlfriend and I had a great time there.
Coming in, the theater was a lot smaller than I expected.  I thought shows in NYC were supposed to be GRAND....but I think Vegas stages might actually be nicer in comparison...but I may be comparing apples to oranges.   I chose Avenue Q since the hubby has priors in falling asleep during musicals.  I thought he may enjoy this one, since it's racier than normal musicals.  I was wrong, hubby still fell asleep, so it kind of distracted me from paying attention to the musical. :(  Now we know musicals aren't his thing, so no more wasting $ together on this.  I can go with my friends instead.  At least he likes chick flicks.  :) If you don't enjoy musicals, this is one of the better ones to go to.  You get to see puppets have $ex!  You can sneak alcohol in, and there's a full bar during intermission.   The bathroom situation sucked for the ladies room, so get out there ASAP, or you will be in line the whole time during intermission and then some.
Ok don't watch if ur a prude or a college graduate lol u may get a lil depressed, but no seriously hilarious show, and the performed didn't miss a beat, went during off Broadway week :)
Pure hilarity, bopping tunes like "Internet is for Porn!," "Everyone's a little racist" and other fun Sesame Street-like catchy songs are great! The concept behind it is very simple and quite relate-able and even the little cartoon clips on the TVs in between every few acts are pretty funny, which makes it a great show overall to enjoy for anyone who has a light sense of humor. I walked out still singing to the tunes in my head :D
Wow, what a great performance. The parody on the Sesame Street gone bad is just way too funny. The actors fit right in to character with their puppets. You could feel the emotions of the characters by looking at the experessions on the actors faces. Gary Coleman, haha.....did he consent to this? As another yelper said, the theater is small. That obviously doesn't take away from the performance, but I was surprised. The cast was amazing, Carey Anderson (formerly Sophie B from Mamma Mia) was a true fit.
Definitely did not expect my first Broadway Show to be like this to say the least. The show is practically a politically incorrect, R-rated Sesame Street mixed with singing and choreography you would normally expect. Had great seats on the main level so definitely noticed the intricacy. These actors and actresses are amazing with their singing and multi-tasking skills. A truly amazing that's funny and light-hearted with a great story. Just one advice: don't bring children unless they come with accessories with like ear muffs and blindfolds. I saw some kids at the end of the show with the "WTF" face.
It was funny but not hilarious. If you only go to one show a year I wouldn't pick this one but if you are picking up cheap tickets in Times Square go see it. The puppets are funny but because you can actually see the actors it somehow detracts from the puppet show. The lead actor was so sweaty I didn't know if I should feel bad for him or if he was all tooted up. But if you have nothing to do on a weeknight and can pick up cheap tix I'd go see it.
I loved this play.  Definitely not the "typical" Broadway show, but well worth attending and highly entertaining.  Had a great cast that managed to convey very human emotions through lifeless and ridiculous looking puppets.  The only downside was that I had already heard (several times over) all of the famous songs, so none came as a big shock or surprise.  But that's more my fault than theirs.   My advice, if you are planning to see the show, don't listen to their songs first.  Just go and enjoy yourself.   Also, nothing to do with the show, but I came here after a large dinner and was carrying some leftovers (neatly packaged and sealed in a box that was in a bag).  The guy at the front door wouldn't budge and made us throw it away.  What did he think, I was going to take out a fork and knife and start eating in the theater?   My advice, next time the guy at the door is giving you a hard time, punch him in the face, for me.
Great show!
Saw Avenue Q last night at the New World Theaters (on 50th between 8th and 9th Avenues) for its off-Broadway run.  nycgo.com had a special on February where many of the off-Broadway shows were Buy 1, Get 1 free (or was it 50% off?!)  Either way, I scored 2 Row B Orchestra seats for only $100. I wish I didn't read any of the reviews before I saw it, because throughout the show I'd be thinking, when's the nudity/sex part!!!  Hahaha... At first, I was a little distracted with the people behind the puppets... especially Nicky, who'd have two people as puppeteers.  I loved how seamless they made it, and how natural their (and their puppet's) facial expressions were. The show centers on life in Brooklyn after college.  Dreams, aspirations and morals.  I noticed only a few people laughed at the end when FLUSHING was mentioned.  Come on people, learn some geography!  Flushing is located in Queens.  :) The show is unPC and raunchy, but oh-so-damn true! Loved it!  4.5 stars. DO NOT go with kids or your grandparents.  You will be sorry!
What an amazing show. You can learn a lot from muppets-even as an adult!!! I liked that life goes on and sometimes you have your dreams crushed. Hey we all have dreams as a child- but no matter what if you keep a positive attitude and cultivate new dreams you will be ALRIGHT!!! I learned alot on Seasme Street as a child- as an adult I learned and was able to relate to Avenue Q. I enjoyed it!!!
I think we all felt a little high when we left the show. It's that good. It tugs on the heart strings with heavy doses of Saturday morning nostalgia, brings in the fears of *gasp* being an adult, and somehow leaves you feeling good about the world. However, the best part of the show may not have been a part of the show at all - it was probably when I overheard someone trying to explain who Gary Colman was/is in French. I'm not sure how well that translates.
Puppets made me blush! Loved the show and songs. Definitely worth seeing.
This actually hit home with me! I, too, live in a fairly crappy neighborhood in Brooklyn. I, too, have not discovered my purpose! I, too, am a temp! Sigh.
I knew the soundtrack backwards & forwards for Avenue Q before seeing this musical in person. Sadly, I didn't feel like seeing it actually added much. However, the explicit puppet sex was the funniest thing I think I've even seen in my life. A great show!!!
A friend and I were supposed to catch this production together when it first came out that didn't happen so I went solo. I suggest you do some brief net surfing to learn about it as I'm the type who hates to give anything away at all. I will let you know that there is side splitting humor.  And, I will say that it is funnier if you're familiar with Manhattan.  A few years ago I wouldn't have caught some of the references. See this especially if you were ever a Muppet /Sesame Street fan as a child.
GREAT Fun... seeing the puppets in the ads I wasn't sure but wow very Gary Coleman could have been played better and was the weakest point but I'd still highly recommend.
The show is so great because its crudeness is not intended to disillusion you. Songs like "Everyone's a Little Bit Racist" and "If You Were Gay" bring awareness to some of today's controversial societal topics while reassuring the audience that such feelings and attitudes are completely normal. Yes, the songs are blunt, headstrong, and a bit too honest, but they tell us "Hey! It's ok to feel that way!" I strongly recommend this show to college graduates! As a recent grad myself, I was thrilled that the lead character Princeton went through the exact things I went through when expressing relateable concerns about finding a purpose in life and surviving in NYC . I couldn't help but wear my heart on my sleeve through wistful numbers such as  "What Do You Do With a B.A. In English?" and "I Wish I Could Go Back to College." Try your luck at lottery rush tickets! Front row for under $25, it's amazing!
I had no idea about the puppets before coming in!  It was a funny show!!!  Very enjoyable and relatable!
Jaywalking is a crime.  Buying Dope from a shady dude under the Queensboro Bridge is a crime.  You know what else is a crime...?  Giving Avenue Q anything less than five stars!   I went to see this show with a friend of mine from grade school, his mom and younger sister (like 12 years old kinda younger).   I loved watching the show, the original cast was amazing; but watching the horrified looks on my buddy's mom's face as Trekkie Monster told everyone that the "Internet is for Porn," or Gary Coleman singing about Schadenfreude was just as good...if not even better.
Aww such a fun show!! It's lighthearted and happy and the actors and really great! Also, you can get a deal for this show if you look (I got my tix on Groupon).
I have always wanted to see Avenue Q and was sad when they were closing on broadway. To my surprise, they re-opened off  on New Stages theatre on 50th St and 8th Ave. I finally went and I enjoyed myself! It was hilarious! I enjoyed the puppets! While this show is not for children and not PC, I dont think it was offensive. The show addresses subjects about everyday life- racism "Everyone is a little racists", racist stereotypes "the mexican busboy that doesnt speak english", being gay, the purpose be of adulthood, being unemployed, broke or homeless, "The internet is for porn", etc The most shocking part would be when the puppets have sex. But it was hilarious! You even see puppet boobs which I dont believe I have ever seen. Overall good vocals, story and puppets! I enjoyed the show very much, thank you Avenue Q. Keep up the good work! The theatre itself was interesting. It was like a movie theatre with different shows on different stages. I have not seen anything quite like that before. The actual stage was small and intimate. I am not sure how avenue Q was on broadway but here the set fit the stage exactly and you could see the puppets up close. The only thing was that there wasnt room for the orchestra so Im not sure where it was but they took a bow on the tv screen at the end of the show so I know they are there somewhere. Right now RENT is also here but I already saw it on broadway so Im not sure how it would be off.
HILARIOUS!! my kinda humor.One of the best I have seen. At first I was disappointed to see muppets. But that changed in the first minute. It is absolutely hilarious and politically incorrect. It makes fun of everyone alike and has the most inappropriate songs ever! The actors are so talented and keep you engaged all the time.  I would love to watch it again!!
My goodness...where to begin! Avenue Q is clever, sharp, and quick-witted at just about every point in its duration. From the animated opening, to all the side-skits, to every tongue-in-cheek life lesson, it's all delivered with a punch that only stings long enough for you to go "yeah, that's kinda true." For a play using puppets, the subject matter is incredibly topical and real. I think that's what gives the show its charm. Also charming, is the fact that the actors are almost always visible on stage with their puppets. It's actually pretty cool, considering some actors 1) voice multiple puppets in a single scene 2) voice puppets that they are not controlling at the time. It's seamless for the most part, and most of the time you won't even realize the two things I mentioned unless you specifically look for it (I did). It was also great to see the expression in the actors faces themselves, and even simple nuances like making eye contact with the puppets (as opposed to the people controlling them) was really great. The show manages to balance its offenses pretty well. It's just enough of a shock to make you briefly drop your jaw, and then leave it open to laugh. If you grew up on Sesame Street, then you'll love every tiny nod and similarity. Oh, just because it has puppets, don't assume this is for children, or your family. This is for people ready to hear about racism, and homosexuality, and sex, and--Schadenfreude *ding!* I loved it. I loved it with my mouth...what? Because I laughed! Perv.
OMG HILARIOUS!!!!! The show Exceeded my exceptions!!! The entire cast was AMAZING!!!! I was laughing so hard, I was told to stfu twice by a rude neighbor and he ended sitting up in the balcony like a little biatch. Then coming out of the bathroom i was harassed by the manager all because I was laughing so hard!!! Great show!!! a must see!!!!! 18+ for the mature content. Overall 10/10
All someone has to say is "AVENUE Q!" and I still double over laughing, wetting myself just a little bit. That's right!  A wee bit of tinkle!  I'm not ashamed to say it!  There was a moment in Act II where they made me laugh so hard that I gasped and grabbed my no-no area because a little trickle came out :-P  I was fine with having this happen!  Leaving a show with a sore face because you smiled so hard for so long and a matching raspy voice because you laughed until your larynx  threatened to evacuate the premises was well worth the embarassment! I also got to meet Jeff Whitty and must say that he is adorable!  I just wanna take him home and cuddle.  Jeff & the rest of the staff deserve every bit of acclaim they have and will continue to receive.  Support them and treat yourself!
Very very very creative and funny...a most entertaining show! The theater it is now playing in is intimate, enhancing the experience.
Adult "muppets" but not affiliated with Sesame Street or Jim Henson of course. The crowd was predominately 20's and 30's, probably because the storyline is about how tough it is in the real world once you've graduated from college and on your own... The fact that it was a musical made it even funnier. With scores like "It sucks to be me", "If you were gay", and "the internet is for porn" you can't help but crack a smile... The venue is one of the newer ones in the Theater district and there were no lines so taking in this show should be easier. I thought it was pretty entertaining...
Set in a small theater with a nice atmosphere, Avenue Q delivers one of the funniest musicals I have ever seen. Drinks are allowed to be brought to your seat, and you can pre-order drinks that will be brought to you during intermission. The show was very funny, and everyone in it gives their best performance. The small theater gives you the sense that you are right next to stage and almost a part of the show. The only thing I noticed was that the second act was much shorter than the first, and I did not feel it was as strong as the first act. However, it was still a good act, and did not hurt the overall quality of the show. Overall one of the best shows in New York, and I recommend everyone to go see it. Leave the children at home.
"We're all a little bit racist!" Thanks for reaffirming the ethics and morals of what I've believed in all along, Avenue Q cast and puppets! This is an awesome musical, and I would watch this again! I'm 23 years-old, and I brought my 32 year-old cousin to watch this show. She had her doubts in the beginning, after I had told her it was an adult version of Sesame Street. But, she came out of the production with a smile on her face. This is definitely a show that is relate-able to people in their early 20's to early 30's, touching on major issues plaguing our young-adult lives. The musical really shines light on current social issues in the US including: acceptance of homosexuality, interracial marriage, racism, and internet porn. I'm not sure about that last one, but I sure did learn something! My cousin and I were able to snatch great seats in the first row. We were so close to the stage that we saw bullets of sweat and spit spattering from the actor's mouths! Awesome!
THIS SHOW WAS HILARIOUS! I literally could not stop laughing...while it took a little time to get used to the actors holding the puppets, the show gets better and better! You must see this show!
I have a very sarcastic and dry humor and Avenue Q, just got me.  OK, maybe that is a little self-centered but I'm an only child..... Everything I do is self-centered. For those of you who aren't easily offended, can laugh at yourself and others (more so others) Avenue Q is the musical for you.  Musicals in general have had a bit of a reputation (stuffy), thanks to the modern age they touch on great subjects and inject tons of racially charged humor. I took my mother and we had a GREAT time.  I saw more old people then I expected.  And they were laughing.  Goes to show you might grow old, but racism never dies...lol jk. The puppetry, set and hard work the cast did (seriously they all had multiple characters) was  amazing to see.  This is definitely a must-see....Now I see why Avenue Q won over Wicked at the Tony's (granted Wicked is kicking a$$ at the bank).
Non Stop laughter. a Must go show if you want to like to laugh. warning cause stomach pain from laughing so much
What can I say that hasn't been said before? My Broadway buddy (Bernard) and I bonded over this show my after Spring Awakenings.  He wants to do the French version in Quebec and sang me the first song in french, not bad at all.  I had seen it for the first time Labor Day weekend after already having all the songs memorized thanks to my friends.  It is SO much better in person and I love the songs!  I wasn't planning on seeing it again when I was in the City this last time but Bernard wanted to see it so we put our names in the lottery, and I won.  $21.50 to be in the front row (and since I was called second, were in the center) you SO can't beat that. We were singing along and just totally into the show.... and in plain sight of the actors.  After the show, all the cast remembered us from the front row.  One of the puppeteers asked us how we already new the songs already, hehe.  We weren't sure whether to be embarrassed by the fact that everyone knew us or not. Now as an added to treat to all those Avenue Q fans and to the ones who aren't sure how the show works.  Here is the cast of Avenue Q and the revival of Fiddler on the Roof performing their skit "Avenue Jew" at the 2004 Broadway Cares/Equity Fights Aids Easter Bonnet Competition youtube.com/watch?v=Ydwl… Added 8/31/07: Now Touring Nationally :-)
This is a great show. the performers are really talented and it is just a fun fun show.
If you find yourself singing "I wish I could go back to college..." while daydreaming of your old TA, you might be a fan of Avenue Q. Or if you're wondering where that Internet is for Porn meme came from, well, you're in the right place! Avenue Q is a hilarious adult version of Sesame Street that is good for the soul. You'll laugh until your sides hurt and then laugh some more! The whole audience sings along with the songs, and don't forget to bring along some weird object to part with when the puppets pass the hat - the weirder the better the improv!
Holy Crap ! this is a funny, cynical and raunchy show. Dont take your clients unless your know them REALLY well. A+
I have seen Avenue Q three times (fortunately for my wallet, twice were for free).  This is a great show to take a date a friend, or anyone who knows how to laugh. Whats great is the creativity of people holding puppets and doing the singing.. they sing about every topic which will make you cringe just a little - but in a way that is humorous and makes a satirical point.. go watch now!
When I first heard about this musical, I wasn't sure that I wanted to see it.  "Puppets?  Could it really be good?"  The answer, Yes.  It's funny.  It's fun.  Anyone can enjoy this show.  You'll be laughing through the performance.  And when the curtain closes, you'll be smiling .  For a fun night out, see this show.
Very funny. Very entertaining. And it's famous, so stop reading this review and just go watch it. Where else are you going to hear about how "internet is great for p*rn.." and other hilarious sarcastic (?) songs? And find out the truth about Bert and Ernie - oops! i meant,.. um.,. the other characters? Think my favorites may also include the bad idea bears,.. haha
I am a 26/m who goes to Broadway for comedies. I have never been much of a fan of musicals without a comedy bit to it. This is BY FAR my favorite show. After the conclusion of the show, I realized that it was one of the most witty form of entertainment I have enjoyed in a while (and this includes plays, TV shows, and movies). To take a quote from somebody, this is a Sesame Street for grown ups! This is a must-watch and one of the only show (the other being Rock of Ages) that I would watch again.
I absolutely loved this show. This coming from a guy that only goes to see musicals when A) the girlfriend drags him and he wants to get lucky, and B) family/friends are in town. All I can say is that I was thoroughly entertained and laughed just as much throughout the entire show. Even if you are not an avid fan of theatre, go see this. You won't regret it. Also, just about every seat in the Golden Theatre seems to have a decent view albeit I can really only speak for the front mezzanine, which had great seats. Now I've got to go use the internet for PORN.
This is one of the best shows I've seen.  The story is entertaining, the songs are clever and true, the cast professional and all around excellent performers.  The theater off-Broadway is unique in that almost every seat is great value with no obstruction.  Drinks can be served to you at your seat, a nice feature.  The show has some little shocking bits that will keep you laughing.  Only negative was at times the music audio was a little too loud.  All in all, a great time.
Hilarious play. Had Orchestra seats. Money well spent! Great for recent college grads!
Saw this play while in New York. You have to see it to believe it. Funny, and filled with sex.
Such a cute and quirky show! This is definitely for adults. Had me laughing the whole time. I'll definitely be seeing this again!
If you have fond childhood memories of the Muppets you may not want to scar your inner child by having them talk about sex and porn.  I know that this show gets rave reviews and people find it absolutely hilarious, and to that I say, they probably wanted to go in the first place.  I, on the other hand, will completely admit that I was not interested at all- I went with my family because they were convinced that it would be fun to go, and I sat there basically just astounded at how raunchy it was and couldn't stop thinking about the newer movie, Forgetting Sara Marshall- though I thought the movie was awesome, this show was something I could have done without.  That is not to say that I would like to have my 2 hours back, but just that I would not be jumping for joy telling all my friends to go.  If you are in any way prudish, this is not the show for you.  Perhaps if I had a few drinks at the bar this review would have been better.
one word: HYSTERICAL For the kid inside every adult, turning life's issues into an insanely funny musical. You're laughing from beginning to end! This is definitely a must see!! THE INTERNET IS FOR PORN!!
super grrreat!! never knew that broadway can be this entertaining. tried to get into spring awakening but was sold out as people started lining up for the tickets since 6am - and we showed up at 3pm. the profanities and the liberal attitude really makes me feel at home. no stress and a lot of laughters. music was good and the prop was the best that ive seen so far. the show got a standing ovation but the old couples in front of me was 8 foot tall (sorta) and i couldnt see shit when they did the standing ovation. highly recommended to all the cool people and i can bet my left ball that you will enjoy it. cheers!!
Awesome, hilarious. SO in line with my sense of humor - blunt, to the point, a little vulgar. Yet touches on so many issues we've all dealt with at some point in our lives. Never knew puppet sex could actually be appealing.. Don't go with your parents, unless you're weird and are ok talking with them about sex and porn. Go through TKTS.. $60 tickets for day of performance!
the show is very well done, its fun, funny and witty... the songs are great and the acting is usually right up there with it... this show is definitely pg-13 with some parts that may touch R... This is a great show for people who think that they are too cool for broadway... meaning its more like a singing raunchy sesame street than it is the phantom of the opera... i gave it four stars only because I have seen about 20 shows i liked better... but i have also seen about 20 i liked worse...
Funny musical!  I was often cracking up at the storyline and creative lyrics.  A lot of it is very un-PC...love it! At first I thought this was a ventriliquist show...I found myself paying more attention to the cast in black manipulating the puppets, but I caught on about half an hour into the musical (clearly, I'm a slow learner at times). They have a full bar in the foyer and also have drink service during intermission. I really enjoyed it.  One of my favorite musicals!
Loved it!  Really funny and playful.  The second half is a little slower than the first but overall great experience.
Fun and lighthearted musical. If I had to describe it I would say its Sesame Street all grown up for adults complete with puppet sex and witty jokes. Cute story line. I found it incredibly interesting how the actors portray and become the puppets I did find myself struggling on what to focus on the puppets or the actors but it was all delightful. Some of the puppets are played by multiple actors and its pretty entertaining to see them transform between characters and voices.
I purchased these tickets during the 2-for-1 Off Broadway special and received great seats.  The show is very light-hearted and full of laughs.  At first, the people managing the puppets were all I could see but half-way through it, you no longer notice them.  My favorite characters would have to the "Bad News Bears" - so funny!  I especially liked the blonde gal in pigtails playing one of the bears, her voice for the character just cracks me up!  However, there is a downside to my review:  2/3 through it, I began to feel sick...really sick.  Unfortunately, the stomach bug has been going around and it hit me while I was Avenue Q.  :(  To make matters worse, my bf and I were not seated at the end of the row and I had to excuse myself for the restroom (twice).  We were sitting next to one couple and I know it was rude of me to exit the row while the show was playing, but it was either that or me vomiting all over the gal in the white button-down top.  To the couple sitting next to me: Again, I'm SO sorry for ruining the show for you.  I feel awful and from the less-than-pleasant facial expression I received, I know I was at fault. My apologies again!
"For the child in all of us that spent hours watching Sesame Street , the Electric Company and the Muppets this show is for you. The show is astounding, brilliant and hailarious. You are truely missing out if you do not make an effort so see this masterpiece. It is my favorite theatre performance of all time. You will smile for days after you see this show." *I saw Avenue Q again for the 2nd time right before the Christmas Holiday..it was amazing! 7th row isle, I felt like they were talking to me.
oh it's a great show. it has that raw un-pc thing about it that i absolutely love. puppets in general freak me out - but this is like the muppet show gone wild. the music is fantastic: 'if you were gay,' 'everyone's a little bit racist,' and 'it sucks to be me' are just some of the witty titles. it's a definite must see and it beat 'wicked' for the best musical tony! not too shabby at all!
OMG!! This is a must see show!  The entire show was very entertaining!  If you go into the show, not knowing what it is about, I guarantee you will be a little shocked by their humor.  I loved their racist and perverse humor, it made me feel right at home... haha.   The people working at the theater are quite rude though.  When they show you to your seat they straight up give you attitude.  I was watching them yell at people who went the wrong way.  This is probably everyone's first time here, you can't yell at us!  The bartender was also throwing cups around because the people in front of us did not tip him.  He was yelling TIPS ARE APPRECIATED.  My friend who just needed to take a pill because she had an allergic reaction tipped him 25% for her Coke. lol.
Absolutely hilarious!! Highly recommend for anyone post-college. Loved it!
Wonderful production, hilarious and creative! My only complaint about the musical itself is that while the songs are original and perfectly humorous, I did not find myself humming them afterwards. **Check this show out if you're visiting NYC and want to see an imaginative, bawdy, comedic musical.**
thought I'd be too grown-up for puppets (playing actors) but this is one entertaining theater from the co-creators of the brilliant Book of Mormon. the folks of Ave Q can teach you a thing or two about altruism and racial jokes (they're partly true...so relax).
One of my all-time favorite musicals.  I've gone to see it four times already... or was it five? If you're in your 20s/30s, this is the musical for you.  As another person put it, it's just so apropos. The first time I saw it, we won the lottery tickets and were lucky enough to be sitting front row center.  I was laughing so hard I cried.  It's amazing I didn't pee in my pants.  And all the laughing made me miss parts of the show, so of course I had to go back!  Multiple times... I was lucky enough to catch the entire original broadway cast the first time I went.  Nothing will ever be as good as that cast (especially without John Tartaglia) but the music and the story is worth paying the full price ticket even without them.  If I could afford it, I'd be there every week!
super funny!
Hilarious. Inappropriate. Fun. Everything I want in a Broadway show. Bravo Avenue Q. I would definitely see it again.
i am gonna agree with the other's here. Avenue Q is a must see! have you ever said to yourself, "it sucks to be me" or "be as loud as the hell you want when your makin' love" or "there's a fine fine line between love and a waste of time"? have an affection for wondershowzen? does adult theme muppet musical theater pique your interest? then this is the show for you. it is not a must see if you are uber conservative suburbanite that might find puppet sex to be offensive... (the folks i was so blessed to be seated next to) i am talking laugh the f*ck out loud side splitting damn i am sad it's over funny.
This was my husband's first broadway show ( and my 2nd ). And we both felt that this was money well spent. It reminded me of that movie Reality Bites (the singing puppet version). I loved this show overall ( "..back to college" and "For Now" were great ) ...I didn't think I would get teary-eyed watching a Broadway puppet musical, but this one did that because the story is so relatable. If I had to choose between Avenue Q or LesMis to watch again, I'd go back for more Q!
I might be one of the few grouches on here, but this show was only okay to me.  Guess my sense of humor didn't match with theirs.
This show is HILARIOUS!! You have to be prepared: it's un-PC, like nothing you've ever seen before, and it has PUPPETS. Yes- puppets! The cast was great (including the puppets) and the music was really fun. Totally loved it and highly recommend it if you want to have an out of the box experience at a musical.
funny show...i was just too hungover to entirely enjoy it to it's full potential.
Awesome. I first saw a commercial for Avenue Q home in the Bay Area since they were in town but was a little disappointed that the show ended while I would be on vacation in NY.  But when my gf told me that Avenue Q is based in NY, we bought tickets right away at the tkts booth. I won't give anything away but I'll just say that this was one of the funniest shows I've seen and as mentioned, some of the actors play different characters, the creativity here is very good.  As advertised, this is NOT for the kids.  My favorites were the "Bad idea bears".   I was so impressed that I bought the CD...now I can hear "The internet is for..." whenever I want.
great musical and even better story line. at first i was leery about Muppets performing, but the acting and usage of them was so well done. loved it! a definite must see!
NOT FOR KIDS. With that being said, this is great. I'm not a musical type of person at all, but I LOVED this. The songs were hilarious, the puppets were so cute and the storyline was easy to follow. There are obviously better seats in the house, but each seat has a pretty good view. It has a vibe of an adult Sesame Street with the mix of humans and puppets.
soooo funny!
Have you ever seen "Meet the Feebles" from Peter Jackson, the director of Lord of the Ring?  It was one of the first films he ever directed, and one of most unusually bad taste film -- though I found myself laughing at it. I wish I could've seen it on the big screen -- but it's also one of films I'm sure he wants to forget and make sure no one watches it. Now, the same concept is applied more solidly and with better taste in this musical.  The writers and a director of Avenue Q has created something magical and funny. This musical is very clever, and deals with classic theme of love, youth, racism and Gary Coleman? And keep your eyes out for an outstanding actor - Christian Anderson, who plays several characters including Nicky.  He reminded me of a young Christopher Lloyd or Jack Nicholason.  He could become big.   I did not see Howie Michael Smith on this particular day, but Jonathan Root was fantastic - and he is usually understudy.  The cast was solid and extremely talented as they made muppets come alive in front of our eyes.   Great fun indeed.
This show was very funny and enjoyable. My friend treated me to this show and I did not read up on it ahead of time. We got there 15 minutes late so I was completely surprised to find that they were using puppets, but in such a clever and dirrrrty way haha.  Totally worth it, I recommend it. Maybe not for the conservatives.
I really enjoyed Avenue Q but a lot of that might have been due to the fact that I got $25 rush tickets in the front row.  Had I paid $75 for a ticket, I don;t know if i would have been as thrilled.   The rush is a lottery system 2 hours (I think) before each show.  Each person can put their name in a hat and get a chance to win 2 tickets in the 2 front rows for $25 each (cash.)  Just google Avenue Q rush lottery and you can get more info. Plus, they let me put my hula hoop in the coat check for free!
Not much new to add. Very creative, funny, politically-incorrect, and entertaining.
This is by far the funniest musical I've seen - it covers a wide range of non-pc topics (racism, sex/porn, sexual orientation) and the references to current events as well as sesame street are all hilarious. The writing is spot on and the actors are amazing - 1/2 the time you don't even realize the puppets aren't real, and even though you can clearly see one actor controlling multiple puppets you still feel attached to each individual character.
I will definitely be going back to see this again.  If you are a stick in the mud and touchy please stay away from this play.  Otherwise this show is HILARIOUS.  There are so many quotable lines...none of which I will repeat in this public forum.  GO SEE IT.
I LOVE this show. I have seen it in New York and London and listen to the soundtrack all the time. It just doesn't get tired!!! I went with 3 friends and we managed to get the lucky draw tickets which were $20 each. I can't remember the exact details but you turn up about 2 hours(?) before, put your name in a hat and if your name gets pulled out you can get up to 2 tickets in the front row. For some shows the front row sucks but this is all about interacting with the puppets and actors so it's perfect. Think Sesame Street meets an adult sense of humour and a complete lack of social shame........ magical!!!
Saw it on a Sunday night with understudies and it was AWESOME. Performance and singing was amazing.  Great storyline, which is usually absent from musicals. Third musical in my live, not a big fan, but this was really well done. R- rated but not as bad as I thought it would be. Very clever.
My friend asked me if I wanted to come and I thought to myself, puppets... LAME! Oh how I was so wrong! This show is absolutely hilarious! They talk about everything from porn, racism and other topics that you would never think when you think of muppets. I wouldn't suggest bringing the kids but definitely give it a try, you won't be disappointed. The show is off broadway right now and in a smaller theatre but even in the back we still had good seats. So pick this show and go!
Finally a puppet show for adults. A look at issues like racism , relationships, and the search for one purpose in a very un-"PC" way! Yeah! Not for the kids. Simply hilarious!
One of the funniest performances I've ever seen.  period.  Also fun to sing along with the soundtrack after the show and laugh all over again as you imagine the puppets acting it out.  Target audience is 20 and 30 somethings, but older than that will enjoy it also.  So creative and hilarious. Usually can get half price tix for this at tkts across the street at the Mariott booth.
I am not a huge fan of musicals but this was very entertaining. Took a while to get used to the fact that you could see the actor and the puppet, but was excellent.
I was highly skeptical of this show because of the puppets. I figured it was probably cute, but wouldnt match my humor and I would leave feeling like "eh, well at least I went to see it" as I kinda did after Mary poppins. This blew away my expectations. I laughed almost the entire show. The use of puppets was so nicely done because they covered content and made them do things that you just couldn't have done with real people without being inappropriate. The entire audience was laughing, and it wasnt full of kids either. I would take anyone to see this- such a great story line, hilarious, and $4 sangria delivered to your seat.
totally caught me by surprise!  i didn't realize it was adult oriented, very well done.  i was cracking up.
About 4 years ago, our friend's gf came to visit and he was surprising her with tickets to Avenue Q. He then said to my face in front of all of us, "You and your bf should get tickets and come with us." I replied, "No it's ok, I don't really like Muppets." Boy, was I wrong! But we'll get to that later. Back to the story, our friend asked if we could drop them off at the theater and my bf decided that we'd just look for parking around there so we could grab a bite to eat and pick them up after. I turned to our friend's gf and said, "It would be funny if we were going too," and it got silent. I then knew that we were ALL watching the show and I felt really bad for saying I didn't like Muppets out loud. I actually wasn't looking forward to it since I had it in my head that it was a family show, cute and lovable, but since we had tickets, why not? We sat, watched, and I had a great time! It's like Sesame Street for adults with some adult content (and words). Everyone in the audience was laughing nonstop the whole time. I recommend this to everyone, and yes, leave your kids at home.
This was one of the highlights of our trip to New York. We were familiar with Avenue Q, but neither of us had ever seen it live before. We saw it at the New World Stages (I had also been to this theatre five or six years ago to see Altar Boyz) and I think that it was a great venue for this kind of show. I'm sure it would have been great in a bigger theatre, but it wouldn't have come close to the intimate type of entertainment you get from a 150 seat theatre (estimating, here). The orchestra was great, the Sesame Street style video elements are hilarious, everything about this show is really entertaining. Great voices, awesome puppetry, and a hilarious plot. The cast shout-out that I feel obligated to make: Lexy Fridell was a stand-out. She was a few various roles, including one of the Bad Idea Bears and she lent a hand to the actors who had to rush from one puppet to the next. She was so funny. So funny. Her high-pitched Bear voice had me crying from laughter. She's also the under-study for Kate Monster and Lucy, and I'm sure she'd be great with those as well. This was overall a great show.
Amazing show. Got the tickets in TKTS Brooklyn without waiting in line for only $50. Me and my girl enjoyed it alot. It is a clever show, naughty and funny musical. You have to see it.
Go see this FUN Orginal show.  There are only a couple more weeks.
An R-rated version of Sesame Street renamed itself Avenue Q.  It's not for the sweet innocent children who are just learning the numbers, colors and alphabet as if they just started school.  It's a graduated version. It's for those who just graduated college who are just learning about life, love and its lessons. And Avenue Q is just that. It's about life of a naive young college graduate who is trying to make ends meet after moving to a street called Avenue Q.  The musical is filled with social issues that are true but we tend to not talk about, it's about friendship, it's about sex, it's about racism, it's about life and the lessons learned after college.  The songs are catchy. There is just one set.  The actors and actresses wear mediocre grey clothes but they are amusing.  Definitely the funniest musical I've seen.
FOR PORN! This show ROCKS... Better than I expected. Laugh out loud funny.. I'd give that 1/2 star people are talking about here-- Not giving 5 because I don't know if I'd go BACK to see it so 4 1/2 stars it gets!
I am actually not a musical fan.  And yet, I love this musical.  I even thought about buying the soundtrack.  (Eep!) I echo the sentiments about the puppet sex.  Highly entertaining.  The puppeteers also do a spot-on drunk puppet.  It's better than watching a drunk human.  And that says a lot.
I loved Avenue Q. I'll admit that I was a bit nervous to see this... but only because I was seeing it with my Mother, Father, Aunt, and Uncle... in addition to my younger sister. (I mean, lets get serious... it's not every day that you sit next to your parents while there are puppets having sex on the stage). That being said, however, I TOTALLY loved this show... AND SO DID MY ENTIRE FAMILY. I was amazed at how much they all loved it! So... apparently... even if you're conservative you'll like this play if you have a good sense of humor. ;-) Original songs Hilarious concept Relatable Everyday topics ...how can you not like this show?
OMG. funnnnny!  "It sucks to be me...it sucks to be you"  and of course "Everyone is a little bit racist" "Internet is for PORN!" some of my favorites...  All of the performers did a great job with their puppets, pure extension of them.  Singing was good, really funny adult jokes. Smooth transitions from one puppet to another. Totally crass sesame street for adults.
Loved, loved, loved it!! I don't want to say too much because I don't want to ruin it for people who haven't seen it.  But all I'll say is that this is not your average puppet show!! These puppets will definitely amaze you! Definitely a must see!
Saw the show a couple months before it's closing/transfer to Off-Broadway. They gave my school 300+ comp tickets cause they were having a hard time filling the house.... not a good sign for any show. I thought it was pretty good, definitely an interesting concept, but not something I'd want to spend money on. I think I probably enjoyed the show more because the audience was compiled of basically every performing arts major from my college.
At least I'm not Gary Coleman! LOL! The Bad Idea Bears accurately describe me & my best friend ;)
It's good for us 30-somethngs, too. Whose Sesame Street childhood? I was a Peanut on the Peanut Gallery on Howdy Doody.
Avenue Q is awesome! I would have to say it's my favorite musical so far...clever, funny and great for young adults. If you're on Broadway in NYC, definitely check it out! The John Golden Theatre seems pretty small inside so all seats have an excellent view. "It sucks to be me!"
I was lucky enough to receive tickets to this awesome musical for my birthday. This show was just SO much fun. The humor is raunchy at times, but speaks to the truth of humanity and really to those of us who grew up watching shows like Sesame Street, The Electric Company and Mr. Rodgers Neighborhood. I thought that this show was really clever and underneath alot of the camp and schtick there was alot of reality in there. I know some people have complained about the weird half puppets and the fact that you can see  the puppeteers while the show is going on. I personally found that after a while you sort of forgot about the people and just watched the puppets, and honestly, the people being visible just added to the tongue in cheek vibe for me. The puppeteering was really awesome as was the singing... the songs and dialogue was all really funny and clever. Please go see this wonderful show!!!!!!!!!
My sister has been going on and on about this show. She even had the songs from online so need less to say when I saw that they were in the 2 for 1 off Broadway's I jumped on it for her birthday. Took her to see the show and I must say it was quite funny. The show uses puppets but not for the young I repeat not for the young. The cast is seriously talented 3 of the actors would switch between different puppets. They would sing differently and talk with different ranges. Stage presence awesome!! I looveeeee the Bad Idea's!!! They were so cute. Who wouldn't want to do what they say!!! lol . All in all it was a very good show.
Watched it for a second time and still found myself hurting from laughter. Truly a benchmark in how musicals should be done.  We had the front row seat on the mezzanine and it was worth the extra money to get those seats.  We sat comfortably and watched one of the best musicals (in my opinion) from America. I don't want to say too much, because over hyping it is never good :).  Just please, if you're in New York CHECK OUT AVENUE Q....even if you're a little bit racist. ;)
This was my first time seeing this show, or any show in Manhattan. SHOW:  I laughed out loud a lot.  It is basically Sesame Street for adults.  There are real people interacting with puppets/monsters in real life situations.  Nothing was off the table, they talked about racism, homosexuality, religion and lots of swearing, My husband and I enjoyed every minute of this show.  It was clever and the set was amazing.  When you first get in the set is of their apt buildings view from the street...then as the show goes on it morphs ever so slightly into their interior homes, bar, and places outside their street.  I heard their last show is September 13, so get off your ass and get a ticket.  You won't be disappointed for the actual show content. THEATER: The show in NY was at the Golden Theater (252 West 45th St).  Location is great, right in the theater district/Broadway. But the place was sort of small... I'm pretty tall, 5'8, my husband as well, 6'4, so we found the seating to be a bit tight.
It was hilarious.   Everyone was amazing, even if it did suck to be them.  Or should I say sucka sucka sucka sucka sucka sucka.
If you ever wonder what this Broadway show was about; it's a musical combination between Sesame Street and South Park put together!  The set, puppets and human characters are a complete imitation of Sesame Street; although the humor, language, songs and satire is highly similar to the movie "South Park: Longer & Uncut". I've seen this Broadway show twice.  Once in New York and their traveling show when they played in Sacramento, CA.  After watching this show, I was eager to find and download this soundtrack.  After listening to the soundtrack in my car and sharing their songs to my friends, I became more familiar with the lyrics and appreciation behind the show.  For that reason; when I saw the show the second time in Sacramento, I actually enjoyed it more! Like most comical satires, you'll walk out of that show and chatting with your friends about all the hilarious scenes and dialogs that you could remember.  If you didn't know already; their most popular musical number (and my favorite of the show) is Trekkie Monster's song "The Internet is for Porn".  If you happened to be in New York or if they are playing at a city near you, this will be a great show to attend with all of your friends.  It's definitely a conversational piece after you walk out of the theater!
The best description I've ever heard of for Avenue Q is "Sesame Street meets South Park". As I'm not a huge fan of South Park, I was a little worried that I wouldn't like the show. A friend and I scored cheap tickets through Broadwaybox.com, so I figured if I didn't like it, I at least wouldn't be out that much money. What I found was a musical that entertained me with its crudeness. Avenue Q doesn't even pretend to attempt at being PC at all, but there is a lot of truth spoken in the story. Everyone is a little racist. Sometimes it sucks to be you. I don't buy a lot of music, but am very seriously contemplating buying the soundtrack because I loved the songs so much. In fact, I loved the show so much that I saw it again (which I rarely do), just 3 months after I saw it the first time.
How much fun can you really have with puppets?! A lot, really! Add in some drinks from the bar, and it was a FABULOUS night well spent! Can't wait to go back and revisit the characters and songs.
And now for How To Make A Fun Time Turn Into An Uncomfortable Situation. Avenue Q is unique. It has puppets. Now, I'm not a fan of puppets--in fact, they freak me out--but I was told by several sources that these puppets would not scare me. True, not even the largest monster puppet freaked me out. I suppose that's because I saw the people making their mouths move. They were all half puppets, really. The actors weren't ventriloquists, either. Their mouths moved when they made the puppets speak. It was odd at first. Actually, it was odd, throughout, but I forgot about the oddity of it all halfway through. The mind that created this spectacle is impressive. Puppets, flatscreen video segments, and naked puppets. Yes, I said naked puppets. Here's that uncomfortable factor. I don't know what's more disturbing. Two people on stage making two puppets simulate 69ing OR my mother sitting next to me, loudly laughing uncontrollably at the puppets demonstrating the kama sutra at warp speed. Making up for that were the songs. What Do You Do With A BA In English was the reason I wanted to see this play in the first place. It's a good question. I have a BS in English; don't even ask how I managed to earn a Bachelor's of Science in the ART of English. Everyone's A Little Bit Racist, If You Were Gay, My Girlfriend Who Lives In Canada, and I Wish I Could Go Back To College were also entertaining and, again, odd. Still, I couldn't expect anything different from a play with puppets.
Because several people told me how great it was, I was very disappointed.  There were a few hysterical moments, but I found it mostly boring. It was like reading The Onion: Clever, funny headlines, breathtakingly dull articles.
FANTASTIC SHOW! I am so sad it is over this September. Hilarious and certainly not for children, it made a great date for the hubby and me. The theater is small, but it's good because a lot of the show relies on the facial expressions of the actors. Unfortunately, the small bathrooms downstairs were inadequate for the crowd that night. Here's what impressed me so much: My hubby and I had driven in all the way from DC (five hour drive). Due to a series of unfortunate events that morning, we arrived at the theater forty-five minutes after curtain call for the matinee. I was pretty much stressed to the max; the ride up against the clock plus the horrible morning I'd had, and that I knew this was the last chance I had to see the show.... I must have looked pretty bad when we walked up. The lady scanning tickets heard we had driven all the way in to see the show and went to the manager inside. Get this, they exchanged our tickets for a pair of empty seats at the evening show! I was so amazed that they were kind enough to do this. So in the end, we were thoroughly entertained by my new favorite Broadway show AND we were treated so kindly I almost thought we weren't in NYC anymore. Great, great, great!! I don't think I can properly describe how this show changed a horrible day into an awesome one!
I was sad that this got yanked off Broadway, but was ecstatic when a friend of mine @ New World Stages offered us free tickets. The theatre was smaller than I expected but it was more than enough; it made for a very intimate show. And I mean intimate in every way possible *cue cheesy porno music* I waited years to see Avenue Q and it was worth the wait..hilarious, raunchy, and fun, plus the tunes are infectious. Stop googling porn and just watch this already!
Saucy puppetshow - check Adult humor and a good, albeit simplistic, plot - check Great alternative when you can't score those Book of Mormon tickets.
I always heard that Lion King was the best musical on Broadway...but after seeing both Lion King and Avenue Q...without a doubt I have Avenue Q rated as the better musical! To make real life issues into a comedy makes me feel so much better! This is the kind of show that tells things the way it really is...the things no one wants to admit to. The internet is for porn, everyone is a little bit racist, we get happiness from other people's misery....etc! We all know those things are true! I'm sure this is going to be redundant...but I'll say it anyways! It's an x-rated version of Sesame Street...definitely not for kids! Best suited college students...especially recent college graduates! It really hits home! If you are really worried about where your life is headed...just watch Avenue Q. It'll make you feel so much better. I don't want to give anything away...so I'll keep this nice and short. Every song is roll on the floor with your tummy hurting funny! It's so creative...and it's all done using puppets! The actors controlling the puppets are amazing...takes so much skill to do all of this. Some of the actors had multiple roles as well...I'm amazed by that. Please go see it! The songs will be stuck in your head for a very long time! I went on a Sunday night...and there were a good number of empty seats. This show is usually discounted on TKTS, as well as broadwaybox.com. I purchased my Orchestra level seats for $41 each...total of $99 after the fees. You can definitely get a good price on this...such a steal for the BEST musical on Broadway! Winner of 2004 Tony Award for Best Musical! Go see it before its too late...and you'll regret it!
Sesame Street on raunchy crack =) This show is great. It is both funny and provides great entertainment. Its funny because you remember some of the situation that he is in and remember than it could have been you. The musical and puppetry was superb. THIS IS NOT A SHOW FOR CHILDREN. ADULTS ONLY =) But you will love it. It is hilarious. This also has general rush.
I have seen so much theatre its ridiculous.  So picking a play to see with my boyfriend, who is a theatre virgin, was difficult.  I had to find something I had not seen, something memorable, and something that would not bore my boyfriend to tears.  I ended up with AVENUE Q, though I was very reluctant and scared of what was in store. I was soooooo wrong.  I loved every moment of it.  I thought the humor would be corny, but I laughed so hard throughout the whole thing, especially "George Bush... is only for now." Whenever my boyfriend and I reminish about our trip to NY, we always recall our experience at Avenue Q and smile.
I saw Avenue Q just the other night and had a great time! It was really funny! The interaction of puppet and human is brilliant. I thought that the actors would be a distraction from the puppets but their expression and acting only enhanced the puppet presence. As with most plays, the beginning was far more entertaining than the second half. This is a definitely must see because the first half really make the whole play great!
Absolutely teriffic show!  I had the soundtrack weeks before I saw the show (a friend recommended it) and was waiting with anticipation.  Avenue Q delivered everything I was looking for and more! There's really not a bad seat in the theater, and it seems quite small, which is a good thing.  The characters truly do seem like they're talking to you.  The play is amazing, but extremely mature.  Don't take kids!
I too am shocked at the "it was the funniest thing I've ever seen" comments.  shocked. First - why are there people holding half bodied puppets???  I couldn't get past it.  I don't see why there's puppets involved at all if there are actors you can plainly see acting out the same dialogue and emotions.  distracting. Beyond that the jokes were sort of funny and there was maybe 3 times I did laugh hard.   Nothing was shocking just rehashed stuff you'd hear on the street or trash talking with your friends.  South Park is miles ahead if you were to compare edgy content.   Funnier because a guy/girl holding a puppet said it?  not so much.   Other than that - predictable and mildly amusing but not worth even the half price tickets I paid.
It's naughty and snarky...right up my alley! I am by no means a connoisseur of shows/musicals, but this was incredibly entertaining, hilarious, a little shocking, and entirely relatable.  I like the spoof on Sesame Street.  In fact, if Sesame Street had a red light district, Avenue Q would definitely be it.   We got our tickets as part of the 2-for-1 deals being offered for Broadway week, and even though we were in the balcony the seats were still fantastic.   The theater was modest (a few other shows are held within the same building, I noticed), but they really didn't need much more as the dialogue, songs, and plot were captivating on their own.   I would say that everyone 23+ would appreciate this show and should definitely see it!
After reading reviews and even hearing from some friends, I expected a lot more. Granted there is only so much you can do with puppets, it just seemed borderline boring. The songs were catchy and funny at times.....that was the only thing I did like. Every show isn't for everyone!!
Just saw this last night with my boyfriend as a surprise birthday gift-- great idea and wonderful way to wind up the weekend on a Sunday night. The writing and acting was superb- very entertaining! Embarrassingly, I've fallen asleep at most shows I've been to but not with Avenue Q? Lots of adult humor, which I appreciated, and deep points too about self interest and purpose. Makes you think and laugh-- what better combination? My boyfriend said he recognized the lead female from Mamma Mia. Check Living Social/Groupon for deals. You can also apparently pre-order drinks for the intermission and have them brought to you if you're into that.
You know it must be a good play when your parents tell you that you need to go see this play and they don't want to be with you when I see it.  I won't bore you with repeating the same thing over and over.   The thing I kept going back to was how original this play was and it seemed the writers/creators were on heavy narcotics for some of the things they wrote.  I will say..it worked.  Simply a slam dunk show. Bottom Line: Its a perfect show for someone not sure if they are into Broadway or perhaps a first show.  Its easy to follow and has an interesting story line for a younger audience.  Very funny and entertaining the entire way through.  Very cutting edge. "The Internet is for PORN!" (You'll get it when you see it)
Hands down, one of the best. You gotta go see this one, it's hilarious.  Avenue Q pokes fun at racism, homosexuality, and other "elephant in the room" type topics.  Think of it as an adult version of Sesame Street, NON-PC style. The actors are so talented, throwing their voices into various characters, all the while making you believe in the puppets themselves. This is a must see!  Plus, you can get tickets the day of, half-price. Go get your laugh on.
HILARIOUS! When people say that a show is non-stop laughter, I rarely believe it, but this play really was. My dad got me tickets for my bday about a year and a half ago and my boyfriend and I absolutely loved this play!  "Everyone's a Little Bit Racist" was our favorite. This is definitely an adult show, full of sexually explicit jokes, so keep that in mind before you invite grandma to come along.
Love it, love it, love it! Adult humor at its best and cleverly disguised in this show that looks like it belongs on Sesame Street! Who would have thought that I would love a raunchy, out-of-the box musical like this one? Who would have thought a broadway show with muppets could be so entertaining? I won't give away too much, but expect these puppets to be rated X, more than G. The story is outlandish, the songs are hilarious, and the funniest part is that they speak the truth, the truth that no one usually talks about. Sex does sell, and everyone is just a little bit racist (although no one wants to admit it). I would recommend it to anyone, especially for couples. Men will enjoy this thoroughly and who doesn't want to hear muppets talking about porn?! I know I would.
I am so glad I chose to see this Off Broadway performance over The Lion King, Jersey Boys, etc that were on Broadway. The show was at New World Stage near Times Square and its an intimate venue.  I got discounted tickets because I was getting a daily free email from broadwaybox.com.   Its a theater that has multiple shows playing at the same time- saw that Rent was there too. Great that you can enjoy a drink while watching the show- Sangrias for $4 bucks! For $60 I was able to sit third row from the front towards the center. Greatness! So now about the show: - Super duper funny! - Storyline is super feel good one - Puppets really make the show! - Adult themes and language - Songs were super catchy I ordered tickets over the phone probably 2 weeks before the show. "The Internet is For Porn"
Very funny, surprisingly well done for a show with puppets. However, took off one star though for when they went around with hats during a song asking for money. I thought was a pretty distasteful and unprofessional.
The show is super funny super fun. Was cracking up half the time, really enjoyed it. This particular theater is small & intimate.
I've owned this soundtrack for yeaaars and it was amazing to finally see it! The puppeteers were great, even though many characters were played by the same performers, each character was vastly unique. All that lacked was the ending...
My boyfriend really really really wanted to see this musical but we missed it when it was showing in San Francisco. So when planning our trip to NYC that we did last year, he definitely didn't want to miss it. To convince me that the show was gonna be hilarious, we watched a few clips of the musical on You Tube. A monster singing "The internet is for porn"....huh!?! What's so funny about that? Nonetheless expecting the worst, I still decided it would be cool doing something he wanted to do.  My BF bought tickets at the South Seaport discount TKTS Booth that same day, but it was only like 25% off (probably due to the high demand)....so they still cost us $80 bucks for orchestra seats. I was a skeptic when I walked in...but walked out AMAZED! Wow it ALL came together so well. You just have to see it in it's entirety to get. To my surprise, this show was definitely entertaining from start to finish. It had a little bit of everything I like: -UNIQUENESS -WIT - DIVERSITY -LOVE STORY (Keeps us girls happy) -CORNY JOKES -AND OH MY GOSH I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY SAID THAT... JAW DROPPING KINDA JOKES - OVERALL MESSAGE BEING CONVEYED (About life's purpose) I'll admit at first I did have a bit of a hard time not to paying attention to the people controling the muppets, but once I got over it I was fully intrigued by the story line and was anxious to see the second half after intermission. It's definitely not your typical musical and it's definitely not for everyone. About 4 people in front of us walked out in the beginning of the show and were apalled with disgust. But most of the audience was laughing their pants off. So yeah don't bring your kids unless you do wanna corrupt them this early in life. Some of my favorite memories include.... "IT SUCKA SUCKA SUCKA SUCKA SUCKA SUCKA SUCKA TO BE ME!" (which I sing or say from time to time) and when I was so dumb founded during the "COUNT DOWN" and didn't see the joke comin...don't worry you'll see what I mean....So whatcha waiting for? Go see it already!
I love the Bad News Bears! This show is brilliant. What's not to love about this show? There is not a wasted line or a wasted moment. This was possibly the biggest shock value to Broadway in the times BEFORE The Book of Mormon. But as hilarious and as shocking as it may be, it is also equal parts sweet and kind. Though you'll scream out laughing, it's hard to walk away without it having hit your soft spot. The cast and presentation of the story is one-of-a-kind. The set is beautifully done. The characters are incredibly memorable. And the musical numbers are fantastic too. There are so many classic and quotable and ridiculously hilarious moments to list ... But I won't list them. I can't ruin it for you! One of my favorite Broadway shows of all-time! Now GO!  GO SEE IT ALREADY!!
Very funny production...  Although un-PC, but that is what life is really...no one is PC all the time...and no one is unbiased all the time.  Unfortunately, the material isn't suitable for young children, otherwise, it's a great teaching/learning tool.  Maybe they should produce a G-rated version of this performance
If you watched Sesame Street growing up, and now are a grown adult that appreciates the non-PC sense of humor from watching movies such as Borat or Tropical Thunder movies, then you will want to seriously consider this show! The tickets even with 30% off from waiting the same day of, without taxes was $90 per person.
I loved Avenue Q! I planned to see this because I listened to the soundtrack and I was immediately in love after hearing "Everyone's a little bit racist...". Got some great tickets for only $60 thanks to a friend. I think it's especially great if you're a recent grad or older; there is so much to relate to and I think anyone from a 23 year old recent grad to a 50 something remembering their wild years will enjoy the music and message. I loved all of the performers - I saw it on a Saturday 2 PM matinee and they were incredible!!! Their singing was perfect and even the puppet choreography was so well executed that I forgot the people were even there! I loved the music, the play, the message, everything...go see Avenue Q! It will definitely leave you laughing and singing with profanity!
I took my mother to the show for Mother's Day.  Its very, very funny.  And yes, puppets do have sex.  And the musical numbers include songs like "The Internet is for Porn" and "Everyone's a Little Bit Racist."   Very funny show that I'd recommend to friends. The only part I wasn't crazy about was the Gary Coleman bit.  I laughed the first time, but after the tenth reference to Gary Coleman is a has-been, I wasn't laughing anymore.  That part could have been edited out.   As for the venue, the theatre is quite small.  And the line for the ladies restroom?  Only a few stalls = long wait.
