SO FREAKIN FUNNY. To be completely honest, I didn't exactly know the plot or premise of the show before coming. I've heard such great things about it and as a lover of Broadway, I reallllyyy wanted to see it. My boyfriend got us tickets for Christmas and I was super stoked. The show definitely lived up the to the hype. My bf isn't really into musicals and he really enjoyed BoM. We were laughing throughout the entire show. Definitely worth the money! Wicked will always be my favorite musical, but BoF is a hilarious runner up.
Absolutely fantastic show. They poke a good amount of fun at the Mormon religion, but aren't too overt and blunt about it. Sit somewhere in the middle of the theatre if you can, regardless of the distance to the stage. The theatre is small, and we had a great view from the last row in the middle section.  Well worth the ticket price
My reviews usually include a ton of details, but I'm going to stop myself from doing that here. Because even though Book of Mormon was probably the most hilarious show I've ever seen on Broadway, even though I could absolutely sit through it another three, four, FIVE times! (and indeed did sit next to people who were there on their third visit), I don't want to spoil the experience for anyone else who wants to see it. It's one of those shows that needs to unfold for each theatergoer without prior knowledge of what to expect. I wish I'd known that you could win lottery tickets in the front rows if you show up early. Maybe for my second visit. And to all of my Mormon friends, I still love you guys, but you gotta admit, they hit the nail on the head with this one ...
Ridiculously hilarious. hasa diga eebowai!
What a really funny show!!! It's very clever and made us laugh the whole time.  If you like South Park you will definitely like this show. The theater is very small so really any seat is a good seat!
Had the pleasure of seeing while still in previews and before all the buzz.  It was the funniest show I have ever seen on broadway!
It was a decent show with a good cast. I enjoyed the two main characters, I think they fit their parts. The talent was about par, the costumes were pretty cool, and the songs were okay for the most part (the first tune is the best). HOWEVER, this show is WAY over-hyped. I shouldn't have had to pay more than $30 for this show; I think each of us paid about $100 or $110, and the shows are somehow always sold out. First off, this show is NOT for kids or young teens; there's a lot of vulgarity and dirty jokes. Second, Book of Mormon was NOT the funniest show I've seen; that was Spamalot. It was a funny Broadway show with a decent cast and decent music. Notice how I'm using not-so-exciting adjectives to describe it. I think you should definitely see the show if you can get a great ticket price, otherwise it's not worth it. Is it possible that the traveling show has a better cast? Yeah, but I haven't seen it. Also, the Eugene O'Neill Theatre's seats were VERY cramped and uncomfortable, at least where I sat, which was the 2nd row of the mezzanine. If i'm going to see an "okay" show, I'd at least like to be comfortable.
A little over-rated. Some parts were brilliant, but most of the show was just ok. Most of the jokes were obvious. Not worth the money in my opinion.
As a South Park - Mormon episode lover - this show was amazing and wonderful. My husband didn't want to go because "I'm just not that into musicals". He laughed the entire time and a year later still says it was hilarious! I'd love to go again. Make sure you get tickets early! They go up significantly in the weeks before it and honestly, my paying almost $700 for 3 people to sit in the next to the last row of the mezzanine hurt. Yes, it's awesome, it's great, it's fantastic (if you are lewd, crude, and find inappropriate behavior hilarious), but it's not worth those last minute prices!
Just go.  And then go again.  Phenomenally funny. Astounding cast!
This show is sold out for months and while it is good, I didn't think it was great or worthy of being sold out for months. I never really liked south park either, so maybe that is part of it... I did laugh and it was fine, but just not great. It definitely won't make my top ten list of fav shows. Update: I went back to see this show a second time  since everyone kept talking about it.  It was funnier the second time; but still not great, so leaving my three stars. I still think there are better musicals in NYC such as Once, Priscilla, Newsies that I would recommend over this one..If you are looking for Southpark humor, then think this would be good show for you.
I loved the show.  Here are some things to consider if you are going to see it: 1. It's by the creators of "South Park."  If you watch that show and generally enjoy it, you'll be more likely to enjoy BOM.  If you saw the movie "South Park: Bigger Longer Uncut" and thought it was hilarious and entertaining, you will probably like BOM.  If you don't appreciate Parker and Stone's humor or style, don't waste your time and money.  There is quite a bit of "dumb humor." 2. Listen to the soundtrack beforehand!!!  We enjoyed the show much more because we were able to focus on the details of the show.  We didn't have to focus on getting every sung and spoken word, because we already knew most of the songs by heart.  We enjoyed the choreography, dancing, effects, dialogue, and personal expression in a much more personally comfortable setting.  There are small nuances and plot lines embedded in the song lyrics that we were well aware of prior to seeing the show.  We would not have gotten all of them had we not been exposed to the lyrics. 3. Try not to judge the show based on ticket price.  Tickets are expensive and that won't change for a while.  Every show and every movie has its limits.  Take in the show for what it is and make your evaluation based on what you saw, not what you paid.   4. If humor dealing with bodily functions, religious stereotypes, vulgar language, sex, AIDS, cancer, or other sensitive subjects bothers you, this show may not be for you.  Understand that nothing is off limits and nothing is held back.  I could see how this content could make some people uncomfortable.
So going in to this, I didn't really know what it was about or what to expect, but I just happened to get standing tickets one day with a few friends (we first tried lottery, but didn't get that so we stood in line for standing tickets since it was a sold out show). We paid I think $32 each for tickets on the main floor! I asked the guy sitting in front of me what he paid and he paid like $200 dollars, so I was happy to stand the whole time! Back to the show! This show can be summed up in one word - BRILLIANT! I love Broadway shows and I've seen quite a few now, but this is by far my favorite show! It's funny, witty, touching, and the writing is just spectacular. I wouldn't recommend it for young children as their is some adult humor, but great for older teens and adults! I would definitely go back and watch this show again!
We had such a great time at this show I went the beginning of the month and i have to say it was not at all what i thought it was going to be- meaning a lot more music in it and all of it was great!! The story line is funny and if you don't have a sense of humor you should probably not go- i do have to say though that my friend and I looked around and it was a much older crowd - which was pretty shocking!! At one point the older couple next to us were cracking up and and one point the husband leaned in to ask what they had just said and the wife turned to him and said "he said he's going to F@!# the Baby"!!! and both of them busted out laughing!! It was the sweetest thing ever!! Loved the show!!
I wish I could give 10+ stars for this show, if I could.
Holy Crap Balls! What an incredible night. I bought these tickets months ago along with my tickets to New York to see said show and, I was NOT disappointed. This is one of the most offensive, and simultaneously entertaining, musicals ever! The South Park boys don't disappoint in this soon to be blockbuster! For extra fun, bring a religious zealot friend and watch the indignation ensue!
It's unique for a top line Broadway show, nobody could ever say otherwise. The hype over "The Book of Mormon" is unreal and it's so hard to get tickets because of this. I took my wife as part of our 5 year anniversary gift and I had to go with the "premium" seats which are readily available at the Telecharge site. The cheapest of these premium seats is $299 plus fees and this got me 2nd row stage right, which was a great seat but also was 2 seats away from being obstructed! The Eugene O'Neill Theater has a strange layout leading to many seats being partially obstructed, so be careful if you are buying on the secondary market because the cheapest seats are probably obstructed in some way (it could be a minor obstruction, but for the money you pay it will annoy you). As for the show itself, Trey Parker and Matt Stone are geniuses, The South Park creators took the Mormon lifestyle and just went to town, Some of the material is absolutely offensive and the language can be beyond crude at times, so don't be upset if you paid to see it and don't like that aspect of the production. With all that said, it's a clever satire that most younger folks with a sense of humor will thoroughly enjoy. It's worth seeing, because as I said earlier it's unique and with any sense of humor you will be cracking up and will enjoy the clever musical numbers.
Amazing, simply amazing. I laughed from start to finish and definitely consider this the best musical I've ever seen. I was fortunate enough to buy tickets before this thing exploded into the most popular musical in history and people started price gouging like I've never seen. It's hard to write a review that doesn't give anything away so I'll just say this...it's offensive. I mean, it's the creators of South Park, what were you expecting? I'm not offended by anything so I LOVED it, but you cannot be shy or hate curse words or gay people or gay jokes or religious jokes or AIDS jokes or murder jokes or sodomy jokes or...well, you get the point. But the music is fantastic and really catchy. I downloaded the soundtrack immediately after the show and still listen to it weeks later. But I wouldnt recommend this if you havent seen the show, as the songs are much funnier if you have the context and scenes of the show in your head. This is the most fun I've had at a show since Avenue Q. If you can go try to win the lottery drawing before each show (they save a small number of tix each show and award them in a lottery system, free to enter, but if you win you have to still buy the ticket but at a much discounted price). it's really your only hope without paying $500 for a crappy seat from a bastardly greedy third party sales site.  I really hope this becomes a permanent fixture on Broadway and does regular nationwide tours. Pure genius!
Hilarious! and I don't mean that Broadway forced laugh funny, I mean actually downright raunchy and funny. While I have been to my fair share of Broadway/Off Broadway/Opera you name it shows, I still usually tend to doze off for a few minutes in most, this show was the only one I didn't even blink during as I was afraid I would miss a hilarious moment. One of the most unique shows I have seen, and as much as I didn't think I would say this because of the price, it is definitely a must see and well worth it!
Incredible!  Worth every penny! Hilarious, well acted, great story, good music, and a nice venue.  Tickets are incredibly expensive and hard to get, but they are worth it.  Fantastic show! I almost took off a star just because even mediocre seats are outrageously expensive, but that's really just a testament to the popularity of this show.  So, 5 stars well-deserved!
Disappointing. I found it incredibly overrated. In my opinion this served up an expletive-laden show with somewhat racist themes. The musicians and the actors were all talented. Too bad they didn't have better material to work with. The songs were completely forgettable. Lowest common denominator humor. Get Monty Pythons Life of Brian or Holy Grail to see religious parody done right and spend the $170 on dinner and a classic show instead.
First time in a long time that I've been to a play where the crowd gave a unanimous standing ovation and it was well-deserved. This was a hilarious musical for any fan of the South Park creators, who make an appearance in the form of voice-overs. Tickets are very expensive and the theater has little to no leg room but it was so funny that the inconveniences don't matter.
I heard a lot of really good things about this show and was expecting a lot from it.  While the show was good, it was not amazing as I was expecting.  The show was funny and the songs were good as well but it was not over the top hilarious and there was not a live orchestra.  With this show being one of the hottest shows on Broadway at the moment, I would have expected a bit more especially with a ticket price around $180 for a partial view seat. But... I did enjoy the show and and thought the songs were good as well as funny.  I did laugh a lot and though the story was pretty funny.  Would I go again...no...at least not at the current price point.  Don't let that discourage you from going for the first time though,  If you've been to other things on Broadway before and are looking for something a bit different, this is a good choice, but if this is your first time going to a Broadway show this is not a good choice.
I laughed so hard I peed in my pants. Really.
Entertaining and very funny from beginning to end.  Ben Platt and Nikki Renee Daniels were a-maz-ing!!  If you're into irreverence as I am, you will love this show.
Great cast, great orchestra, great energy and funny story.  This is a must see - unless you are offended by South Park, because this show will certainly offend.  I loved it!
How do you review the best musical on Broadway without giving away too much of the plot??? First things first, if you don't like South Park, don't waste your time. If you get that easily offended by people that make fun of everything, don't go and then complain; you have no one to blame but yourself for going to see something that is in a genre outside your taste. From the time the curtain went up to the time the curtain came down, I laughed my ass off the entire time. This was so good that I want them to make a another musical based upon another religion. The songs are extremely catchy, it's one of three musical soundtracks you'll catching me blasting on my stereo. The only thing I regret about the entire experience was where I sat. In order to see this show, the tickets that were made available to me were on the extreme left (stage right) of the theater. There is some action that I missed on the side of the stage and towards the back of the stage that I had to lean over my fiance to see. Like I said before, if you don't like South Park... don't waste your time then bad mouth the performance.
I am not a big fan of Broadway shows or musicals generally, but I enjoyed the Book of Mormon. It was funny but not hysterical, and the songs were good if not great: I thought it was better than "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying," but not as good as "Wicked." One of my friends was offended by Jesus wearing a strap-on and some of the religious discussion, although they were glad they attended the show. I thought it was tame, although it may not be appropriate for children.
I expected to laugh (which I did and often) but this musical served up an unexpected level of heart and a fantastic message. Trey Stone and Matt Parker are Broadway fans, it shines through in so many of their South Park episodes. Book of Mormon is like a grand, perverse, love letter to the musical comedy, reinventing what can be communicated with the traditional tropes found so often on Broadway. There's the tap number, a big impressive opener, the 11 o'clock number, all the hallmarks of traditional favorites from the Cole Porter era. Book of Mormon takes these and turns them gleefully on their head, lacing them with subversive messages and a fair bit of profanity. The story is simple enough: two Mormon missionaries are tasked with spreading the word of God in Uganda, and through hard work, perseverance, and a little creativity with the Bible, they end up helping the townspeople and creating a new batch of Latter Day Saints. Along the way there's dancing, dead donkeys, a warlord, AIDs frogs, and a Bible shoved somewhere very uncomfortable. It's called Book of Mormon, but the musical really takes aim at all systems of religious belief and the message is surprisingly un-cynical: Let people believe whatever they want, as long as its helping them. The way that Arnold becomes a prophet, lying to get the villagers to improve their lives, is paralleled to Jesus and Joseph Smith. Sometimes making things up is the best way to change things. The theater is old, which means small seats and obstructed views. Standing room is a great option, its cheap and offers a great view of the stage. I would have actually preferred that to my orchestra far left seats (literally the last seat in the row against the exit doors). If you're a big and/or tall person, you'll need an aisle or the box seats on the side, fair warning. Not suited for children, the elderly, or the conservative, its still a rollicking good time. Clever in every sense of the word, you'll get more out of it of your a South Park and musical theater fan, a category I fall squarely in. It truly deserved every Tony it won. 9.5/10
Waited in line for three hours for Standing Room tickets - well worth it, I've never laughed so hard! "I love you, Neutrogena!"
Everything I expected from a musical by the Southpark guys. I loved how they tied the opening number with the ending very well. Parents be warned there is lots of language and talk about adult situations.
SOOO funny and clever loaded with all you want in a broadway show.  Great original story with just enough twisted Sout Park style humor to keep you laughing the whole time.
I think I peed myself a little laughing so hard at this show....my God it was glorious! I don't want to give away the story line because I want friends to see this with as little knowledge of this show as I had prior to curtain call, but know this...the plot is amazing, the humor top notch, the acting/singing/dancing simply awesome and the fact that it maintains some of the qualities of old-timey musicals (sequins and flashy scenes) while throwing in the absolute most insulting language and content makes this a something-for-everyone type show (as long as you're over the age of 18 with a pretty high tolerance for crude humor). Still the hottest ticket in town means that this show is next to impossible to get tickets to without forking over a small fortune (unless you win the BOM lottery), I wish I could see it again and again because I have a feeling it's the kind of show that you'll pick up more and more jokes each time you re-watch.
Definitely doesn't disappoint in my opinion.  It's funny, silly, and incisive in all the right proportions making for a refreshingly sweet production that isn't really that offensive for a non-Mormon, complete with relevant message morsels throughout.  It is full of cussing and sex references though, so it's perhaps not the most suitable for the very young.
Fresh, hilarious, super enjoyable show. Loved it. It is easy to see why it is so popular. The cast was just amazing. One of the best shows I have seen in sometime. Leave the kids behind on this one, it is all adult humor.
I wanted to go to the 8pm Saturday night show, so I purchased tickets 7 months in advance. Even with such advanced ticketing, the best seats in the house were halfway up the mezzanine. The seats were great though, and we could see and hear everything. Andrew Rannells (Elder Price) and Nikki James (Nabulungi) have the kind of voices that make grown men weep. They are literally superstars and I'm hoping to see them in more productions in the future. And the story was thoughtful and spoke to big themes like hypocrisy and redemption, if you can get past the fart jokes. Overall this was an amazing show and we have been singing the songs all week. (Orlando, Orlando! I believe!)  At the end of the show the entire audience was standing, clapping, and singing along with the cast. And that's the true Broadway magic.
Just go! Yes it is $$$, but it was worth every bit of the trip to new york to see, even if it was the only thing I did. This has changed all of my preconceived ideas about Broadway and Musicals. The most I have ever laughed
I laughed so hard that I nearly wet myself! This was the funniest play I've ever seen!
My face still hurts from laughing. I have an emotional hangover from this HYSTERICAL show.  I don't want to give anything away so I'll keep this short.   It's the best show on Broadway & from start to finish I was hooked.  NEVER a dull moment!   Go see it NOW!!!
Funniest freaking thing I have ever seen on Broadway (including Avenue Q and Spamalot). It helps to be a huge Southpark fan to catch some of their mime's throughout the play. I hope this has a long run.
I liked the first half more than the second half. It could have been shorter because it got old quick and by the end they are beating a dead horse, but it's different, offensive and not for anyone who believes in god at all. You will be offended many times unless you are looking for offensive humor and constant religion bashing. I thought it was f'n hilarious but like all plays, I was ready for a nap by the end.
Wow! Thank you stubhub. Nabbed a new arrival pair of tickets the night before.  Loved the show. Perfect at every turn.
What a fantastic production.  The funniest show I've ever seen in theater, brilliant. Irrelevant and outlandish but spot on.  From the acting, to the singing, to the pacing of the script; I don't have a single criticism.   As much as it rips apart religion, it does so in a way that illuminates the ridiculousness of literal translation.  I thought they actually made a pretty powerful argument for the power of allegory and the underlying truth and meaning that stories can create.
I've never seen an audience enjoying themselves so much. It was raunchy, dirty, offensive and incredibly smart.  If you take yourself too seriously, this musical is not for you. I have a feeling this one will be sticking around for awhile. One of the few things I've seen that I'd want to go see again. I usually find musical theatre to be pretty annoying and cheesy. But don't let this one fool you - as immature as it pretends to be, it's probably the smartest piece of writing on Broadway right now.
Fantastic!!! Hilarious! Now THIS is entertainment. I thoroughly enjoyed the Book of Mormon. My Fiance and I were singing the songs to each other for the entire rest of our stay in NYC and will likely continue for many months to come.
This is a HOOT not to be missed!  A full scale Broadway musical with outrageous commentary, but done well so as to not offend, except for the truly straight-laced.  The creators of South park have found their true calling...BROADWAY!  I only wonder if the Tony awards will be too uptight to give them the Best Musical award they deserve.
If you love South Park, you will definitely love Book of Mormon! Trey Parker and Matt Stone along with Avenue Q creator Robert Lopez take you on what can only be described as a 3 hour tour into their wildly inappropriate, wickedly hilarious minds. If you're sensitive to political incorrectness, this is NOT the show for you. Of the current cast on Broadway, Ben Platt who plays Elder Cunningham absolutely steals the show!! His hapless, socially awkward portrayal is so compelling it's hard to keep your eyes off of him. If you can somehow find a good deal on ticket prices, don't hesitate to check this show out!
Hysterical!! Best musical I've ever seen.  Quick, catchy, good story.  Perfect.
I am not one for musicals but considering the acclaim decided to go. Well, 2 hours of solid entertainment. The risk: you may never be allowed into Salt Lake City.
Hilarious - best Broadway EVER!
(To the tune of "Hello" from the Book of Mormon) Hello, my name is Lesie H. and I would like to share with you the most amazing show It's by, those crazy South Park guys It's a musical about a book that was written long ago It has so many awesome parts You simply won't believe How much this show can delight your life Even though there so many offensive scenes Including Satan, Hitler, Genghis Khan and a cameo of Jesus Christ Hello! I have great news to tell! Did you know this show is open to a lottery? Two hours, before the curtain rise just 32 dollars for admission fee Hello! My name is Lesie H. And can I recommend their website for you to just peruse? (Hello!) Hello! (Hello!) I think I'll just link it here bookofmormonbroadway.com… It has a lot of articles that can interest you Hello! (Hi!) My name is - (Nabalungi!) You have a lovely computer (Hello!) It's an amazing show! Annyeo! (Hola!) Ni Hao! Me llamo Lesie H. (I like your check-in!) This show will make you laugh until it hurts your sides (Sound good?) Hurting your sides - (With laughter!) Is super fun! (Hello!) (Ding dong!) And if you buy the tickets soon I know you have some fun! (No thanks?) You sure? (Oh, well) That's fine (Goodbye!) Have fun at home (How boring!) You simply won't believe how much this show will make you laugh! This show is really crass! This show will make you laugh! Hello! (Hello...) My name is - (Neutrogena Neosporin Noxzema) And I would like to share with you this offensive Mormon show! Hello! Hello! Ding dong! Heigh ho! Just YouTube the Tonys! It's free! For you! From me! You see? You simply won't believe how much this show will split your sides! (Hello) You'll laugh until you cry! (Hello) So you won't be as bored as... Hell-o! It's gonna end someday! But if you watch this show on Broadway soon it'll be okay Spend a 3-hour spree with friends and family I can fully guarantee you that this show will make you laugh! (Hello!) This show is really crass! This show will make you laugh! The Book of Mormon!!! (Mormon!!!) Hello!!! (End parody song) So yes. This is now my favorite play.
we bought tix eight months ago totally worth the hype.
I thought it was never going to happen. It was looking grim. It seemed impossible. But then, on our FIFTH try, my friend won the lottery (shout out to LotteryDude). It was mind-blowing. I nearly had a heart attack. We got two box seats. Give the lottery a try and hope for front row seats. Box seats aren't bad, but the view is obstructed, which can get a bit annoying, but it's doable. The show was FANTASTIC. I have never laughed so hard at a Broadway show. The acting, singing, and dancing is amazing, and the humor is offensive, outrageous, and will make your stomach hurt (if you have a sense of humor and don't take things seriously). I don't want to give the storyline away, but it mocks Mormonism, and I think, all religions in general, actually. It's just brilliant. I would 100% see it again. Also, the performers are all so nice! They came out immediately after the show was over to take pictures and sign playbills and talk to us. Made me love BOM more!
Saw this recently in NY. It's coming to SF in December. Try to see it. Marviously funny. My expections were high and the play exceeded them. Great fun!!
We went into this show actually knowing nothing about it, except that it was immensely popular. We had standing room tickets, but the show was so brilliant we didn't even realise we were standing for hours! It was hilarious. Such a brilliant show. They hold nothing back, so you can't go in being too sensitive or easily offended. It's just a bit of fun, so enjoy!
Better than expected and I expected amazing.
Clever, earnest, uncomfortable at times, but so very funny! How to see Book of Mormon cheaply: 1. Lottery: Show up more than two hours before each show and enter the lottery. Bring photo ID! For $32, you can have front row or box seats to the show! When chosen, you can get 1 or 2 tickets. Generally 200 people show up, and they give away 20 tickets, so do the math. Pop math quiz! How many times do you need to lottery in order for the probability of you or your friend winning to be above 50%? 2. Standing room: I saw the show in the standing room, and it actually wasn't that bad. The show was so hilarious, I didn't even realize I was standing for so long. For $27, the show sells tickets to stand behind the last row of seats. Note that they only sell these tickets an hour before each sold out show. Considering the show is sold out for the foreseeable future, you're probably safe. Because the theater is reasonably small, and your standing height gives you an advantage over those sitting theatergoers, the view is great. I'm 5' 5'', so the bar in front of you was the perfect height for me to rest my arms and chin. I got in line Saturday at 4:30pm for an 8pm show. They start selling standing room tickets at 7pm. For more info about line lengths, look up Broadway Rush Reports. Book of Mormon seems to cause an understandably polarizing reaction, but I found it touching and irreverent in a refreshing way that is unlike anything on Broadway, except maybe Avenue Q on Off-Broadway. There's a reason it won the Tony Award for Best Musical!
GENIUS!!!  The funniest musical I have ever seen.  I loved it.  The casting is amazing.  Even the smallest roles are populated by characters with depth.  I saw it last week and I still laugh when I think about it.  I loved it so much, I bought tickets to see it again (in April).  Get your tickets now.  When the reviews come out later this week, I predict it will be very difficult to get tickets.  The Book of Mormon on Broadway is BRILLIANT!!!!
Seeing a Broadway play was on my bucket list and this is the show I picked! I'm an atheist and the other person who went with me is a Christian nut case.  Well, being an atheist, I find all non-atheists are nutcases (just kidding...well, not really). The nutcase enjoyed it even more than  I did.  She referred to the humor as cutting edge and I found it to be...normal. So if this play can entertain two people of such diverse beliefs, I believe that if we could show this play to all world leaders, there would be world peace.
I laughed a lot at this.  If you're easily offended, obviously don't go.  It's a musical about Mormons by the makers of South Park.  What part of that says "not offensive" to you?  There are a couple of cheap laughs, but overall it was creative, well-acted, and has great production value.  Most importantly, it was funny consistently from beginning to end.
Honestly you guys, I thought the show was okay. It was like watching a long episode of South Park, which was fine. I enjoy South Park. The music was okay.  The script was actually not as funny or clever as I thought it would be. The characters were pretty one-dimensional so you don't get very attached. For how offensive people make it seem, it actually seemed very safe because of the absurdity of it. It didn't pick at the subtle contradictions that I find makes religion darkly hilarious. The humor was not as witty or as observational as I thought. It was more sarcastic and ridiculous, like I guess how South Park is. There were no surprises at all; albeit it was mildly thought-provoking, like South Park. The acting was really good, though. And I laughed a good amount. A few of the songs hit the nail on the head. I probably would have liked it more if it wasn't so expensive and overhyped. It was a cute little play. It made me smile, but it was not as magical as other musicals I have seen.
Finally a broadway musical with a fresh idea.  Awesome.
Amazing surprises and laugh out insanely funny. They go where no one goes and that fearlessness pays off. The research and knowledge of the Mormon faith pays off because you would be appalled at the things they believe and it makes you laugh more. My face throughout the show had the look of surprise and shock and just burst out happiness.  The music has all facets of funny - all out in your face to subtle double entendre that lets your mind wonder what they are going for. I watched the YouTube video posted by Broadway.com where Trey Parker stated how he loved the Rogers and Hammerstein plays and their light hearted fun feel, and those three have pulled all their elements together.  When you think of Rogers and Hammerstein you don't usually think of themes like "Turn It Off" but it takes you back to the wonderful 1940s/50s in a few ways.
Deserves 6 stars. I've been a Broadway musical fan since I was a kid (which was quite a few decades ago), and this foul-mouthed but sweet-spirited work is one of the greatest musicals I've seen. It works on EVERY level.  I paid big bucks for it on StubHub and didn't regret it for one moment.  IMO, there is only one weak song in the entire show. In fact, if you don't have a chance to see the show right away, get the cast recording on CD and mp3 -- these are wonderful show tunes that will stick in your head. (Only disadvantage of hearing the album first is that you'll be exposed in advance to some of the jokes and plot twists.)
The Book of Mormon.  HILARIOUS. If you're a fan of South Park and Avenue Q, this is right up your alley.  Inappropriate and offensive... but all in good humor. Now I must plan to go back to see this with my bf.   ENJOY!!
Wrong on so many levels but hilarious. Cast amazingly talented,  all of them.  Prepare to see some raunchy irreverent material. Hated to see it end.  Book now because it's sold out until after the new year unless you stand in a ridiculously long lottery line to stand in the back.
Outstanding.  Hysterical.  Amazing performances.  So good I'd like to see it again.  Mind blowing.  I'd see this over anything else.
One of the best shows I've ever seen. I laughed so hard I was nearly hoarse when the show was over. PG-13 at the very least. Very irreverent. Great story. Go see it.
Loved it!  So funny!!! Also, it's not about sex and orgies or threesomes, if that's what you were wondering.  It's funny and very entertaining. We sat in rear orchestra and had a decent view.  Note bathroom line is crazy, so as soon as intermission hits, book it to the bathroom.  Overall, great show.
I had been dying to see this play since it began its run, but due to the ticket prices had put it off for a while. Recently however, after waiting for 6 hours in the standing room line, my wife and I finally saw it and when both LOVED it! The music is absolutely fantastic. We promptly bought the soundtrack upon leaving, and there has hardly been a day since that we have not listened to at least part of it. And I often find myself singing under my breath throughout the day. Andrew Rannels stole the show, and I definitely want to see it at least once more while he is still the lead. I advise everyone to wake up at 6 and wait in the standing room line at least once. You won't be sorry!
You will be offended, but if you're so offended you think you might walk out, that's such a shame. Mainly because you'll miss more hilarity. My parents, younger brother, and my boyfriend went for a pre-birthday surprise for yours truly. We're still quoting it to each other. This. Is. The. Funniest. Musical. I've. Ever. Seen. Again, if you're very religious and/or don't have much of a sense of humor - stay away! (And thus leaving more seats for the rest of us.)
AMAZING ... so freakin' AMAZING ... it blows God's freakin' mind! Seen it twice ... need a 3rd, 4th, 5th fix! Saw it on July 4th ... what a great way to celebrate our independence. Proudly wear my "Turn It Off" tee!
This is one of the most genius things I've ever seen. I cry-laughed all the way through, but it was completely on point and intelligent.  It makes you laugh, but clearly delivers a beautiful message.  If you don't walk away a better person after seeing this, then you are beyond repair.
This was soo hilarious and well written-well worth the money.
One of the funniest shows I have ever seen! I laughed until I cried! I would highly suggest to all, although a very adult concept and adult language. Fantastic!! I will deff have to go again! It has an amazing story line and really keeps you involved. I am fully obsessed
There's good reason why The Book of Mormon never goes on promotion.  Absolutely hilarious, must-see material.
Fantastic show!  Probably the best I've seen so far though I wouldn't recommend it for people who value God, Uganda and the safety of animals.  Not surprisingly, 95% of it was offensive but hilarious. The theater itself was old school and the seats could have used an extra inch or two but you forget all that when the show starts.  I sat pretty close to the stage, left...so you kind of have to turn your head a little to see the whole thing.  A few times I thought the guy next to me was staring at me but he was really just relaxing his neck by turning it the opposite way for a few minutes lol.
From wherever you happen to be reading this in the universe(s), this show is currently the greatest thing that planet Earth has to offer.
My husband and I were very excited about seeing Book of Mormon. We loved Avenue Q and were expecting BOM to have the same wit.  Not so much. The entire show felt like an extended live version of an episode of South Park. And while I have nothing against poking fun at religion or other issues, I do not think it is ever appropriate to satirize sexual violence against women. Ever. There were some hilarious moments, but the undercurrent of juvenile bathroom humor just didn't sit well with me.
OMFG!  Funniest, most irreverent musical ever!  Laughed through the whole show!  Defintely not for kids or for those who are easily offended by lewd humor and explicit language, but that said, the use of these is not terribly gratuitous - it is an integral party of the comical story! This theater has terribly inadequate access ways to restrooms and the bar - at intermission the stampede comes to a screeching halt as the women's restroom line snakes up a flight of stairs, down a hallway and up another flight of stairs, blocking the line to the bar and the path to return to your seats.
The Book of Mormon - are you fucking serious? For the $250 ticket price, this was the WORST Broadway musical I have ever seen and I seriously regret going. I'm not even a musical snob, I just go to the odd show every once in a while because my mom is a fan of the pastime. Now look. The music was catchy and all, but I think you have to have a certain kind of crude humor to find this play at all comical (one that rings of simple unintelligence at that. And yes - I DO mean that offensively, for those of you who actually enjoyed this shit.) You also probably should know a bit about Mormon beliefs since the whole play is pretty much making fun of them (hence the name, duh..) - otherwise you may not get the jokes, EVEN IF you ARE an asshole who likes to pay a ton of money just to sit there and laugh at other peoples' (admittedly ridiculous) religious beliefs. Making fun of Mormons is an easy feat (I mean, come on...) but this play can be summed up in one word: CORNY.
Just read the reviews and believe them. Studies show that people overestimate their uniqueness.   You do not want to make that mistake. Do not miss out.
Very entertaining! Definitely sit in the mezzanine, you can see the hole stage. My husband and I got tix for our anniversary and it was perfect! Although the story is supposedly controversial, I thought it was done well and actually very cute. We laughed the whole time. There were a few subjects that were kinda gross, but they fit the story, haha! You'll have to see it to know what I'm talking about. Def spend the $$$ to see it!
Everyone says tickets are impossible but they're not. I saw Book of Mormon for $27 SRO--that means Standing Room Only. You get in line at 4:00 and then they have a lottery that you sign up for at 4:30. They pick the lottery winners at 5:00. Those people get seats. I didn't win but kept my place in the Standing Room Only line. If you are one of the first 22 in line, you get a seat. It was cold out but we all were talking and it was kind of fun. Quintessential NYC experience. There were also cancellation tix aailable for $155. The play was total unbridled Matt Stone Trey Parker silliness and fun. As good as you hear.
Hilarious and Entertaining. At the end of tonight's show, the cast received a well-deserved standing ovation. I highly recommend anyone who can get tickets to see the Book of Mormon.
Fun, creative.  Loved it.  I didn't know much about the story line until the show.  And the show tied everything together nicely.  Good cast.
Hilarious -- here are some tips: * How to get a good priced seat? -- StubHub, look for weekdays -- Same-day "lottery," put your name in 2.5hrs before. $32 only! (here for more details bookofmormonbroadway.com…) * What to expect? -- You don't really need to know a lot about Mormonism. In fact, I'd say that this musical is more about religion as a whole. -- It's not crude humor like South Park (which I enjoy /expected), but the musical is still executed extremely well, and captivating throughout * Line to get in? -- Went pretty quickly, only came 15 min ahead of time :) Overall, I'd definitely recommend this musical. :)
The writing was sooo witty!  It was a great show that could be offensive to the conservative or religious people in the audience.  Sometimes the songs are so crude and shocking it makes it even funnier!  Definitely funny but expensive tickets!
I'm a South Park fan. I'm a Family Guy fan. This Broadway musical does NOT live up to the hype. I paid $250 bucks to watch an extended version of a South Park episode. Look - its fun, its entertaining, its somewhat thought-provoking about religion in general and Mormonism in particular. Go watch it. But if you don't, you're not missing that much. I don't think this show deserves the high ticket prices or the muli-month waiting list for regular tickets. Look - you can't please everybody. I think the wide-range of reviews here proves that. A couple of extra thoughts: - the couple next to us left at intermission and another couple left half-way through the 2nd half, just after a particularly shocking scene - thought that was telling that its not for everyone... - We sat in orchestra left. I was very worried about the seating and couldn't find proper pictures of the theater (eugene oneill) beforehand. But its pretty small. I would even say that the "partial obstruction" seats that were way to the left or right of the theater are perfectly fine - and you can get em for much cheaper....
Don't take your grandmother. But if you can go, and are a normal, not easily offended human being, go. Stand in line for hours to get tickets, or pay a concierge a ridiculous amount to score seats. Not the comfiest seats for tall people but hell if this wasn't one of the most entertaining shows I've ever seen. I definitely cried from laughter at some point. Bonus: You get to see random religious Midwestern tourists squirm in their seats because they didn't properly research their theatre tickets.
Unless you are a Southpark fan or enjoy that type of humor, I would recommend that you save your money. I typically enjoy just about any off-color, not PC humor but this was taken to a whole other level...the lowest level.  Raping a baby????  Really????   The concept was creative and there is so much material that could have been used to make the concept work but this really was as vulgar as it could get. The first half moved slow & was a bit amateur-ish and I couldn't understand what the big draw was for this play.  The second half picked up a bit but the content was absurd, vulgar, pathetic.  They might as well stood on the stage and shout the F-word as many times as they could in an hour.  It isn't even so much offensive as it is insulting to anyone with the slightest bit of intelligence!  Cancer jokes???  Raping baby jokes???  Poking fun at organized religion was the least of the problems with this play. This play is an embarrassment to the Broadway stage!
So, I'm going to be a brave soul and give a review of this show that is very different than most other reviews here. I agree wholeheartedly with another reviewer below, Sosx, with everything he said. It is a sad day when so many people laugh and make fun of another's religion, to the point of mockery. I am not a mormon, not even close, and neither are Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, and Matt Stone, who created this show. To mock other's religion,when you are not even of that religion, is racism. It makes you question, who is next on the list. Who will be the "big joke" next. What other religions, will be the next victim of ridicule. And the worst part is, watching everyone laughing at these derogatory songs and words. How discusting that our society has come to this. They put down African American people, gay people, people with aids, people of Uganda are cheapened as people laugh when this one guy keeps saying he has bugs in his crotch (how is that funny, but rather sad and true that people have to live like this).Then they keep saying how babies will be raped, and people laugh, and how a woman will be abused, and people laugh. They show their middle finger to the heavens and sing their heart out cursing. The line is crossed so many times, that I just wanted to leave the theater from the beginning. If you are an atheist, then you will love this show, but if you have any feelings, respect others, and believe, then you will find this broadway show disgusting, disturbing and sacriligeous. I am not even close to being a "religious" person, and don't belong to any of the "groups" that they mock, but rather someone who feels for the people that they mock and I wouldn't want to be one of them. I don't understand how it has become so acceptable to laugh at other people's expense, isn't that why we have so many disturbed kids who feel bullied, and made fun of. Anyone who laughs at these jokes/songs, does so at the expense of those people who are suffering through those diseases and situations described. I, like many who have not spoken up, and the reviewer below, agree that "this play and the audiences' reaction sheds a pathetic light on American society... Very pathetic" I felt very uncomfortable through the whole thing, hoping no one was being offended by this, but knowing that many are. I agree with him below as well when he says "This is 2012 and is somehow the best thing Broadway has to offer? A shame." Save your money, go see another show, don't support such garbage on what America holds dear, Broadway. It's a disgrace on Broadway and on us as American's for laughing at it.
Saw it with the original cast back a couple years ago in NY and recently in SF when the touring cast came through. The original cast was much better, but regardless both versions were highly entertaining. It was excellent and well worth the ridiculous ticket prices, even though we were pretty far back in the theater. The jokes were entertaining and witty with respect to the show's style. I mean if anyone walked into this and didn't expect to be hit with a more religious oriented south park esque ridicule where everyone is being made fun of then they probably had a bad time. If the slow going artsy tragedy, or impressive set design play is what you are looking for you should probably not waste your time. However, if you want to watch a hilarious, light hearted, upbeat, and ridiculously catchy, albeit controversial in today's society, musical than go see TBoM. In addition to being a really good musical, it was interesting to watch the small percentage of uncomfortable people around me. I believe we had a group of Mormons the older party members were not pleased and up and left, while the young men seemed to struggle with making the same decision. Then there was a group of Christians who laughed up a storm during Mormon specific jokes but got oddly quiet when the whole of Christianity got ridiculed. It made for some interesting people watching. To take that a little further it is pretty interesting reading about the people who were offended by this production. The story actually depicts your everyday mormon in a good light but apparently putting the beliefs of the mormon/christian theology and some of the common misfortunes of an impoverished third world country into song goes too far. There are people who can't stand anyone ridiculing anyone, there are people who can't stand being ridiculed themselves, and there are people who accept ridicule as a societal norm for ridiculous ideas, beliefs, and actions. If you fall into that last category you should go, if not, you will probably have a bad time.
One part early South Park (Sally Struthers), one part later South Park (Season 7 all about Mormons), one part Bigger, Longer & Uncut (for Satan and Hitler), one part original South Park Jesus vs. Santa (for Jesus in general and Jesus talking like Cartman) and one part Team America (Aids Song) and you get the book of Mormon.  While the original material was creative and new this musical really just seemed like everything was tossed together and repackaged.  I liked it, but I couldn't help saying I've seen all this before.
The first hour passed and I was thinking to myself, is it just me??? Am I missing something, when does it get good?   I really wanted to love this show but instead  I was ready to leave after act one, as a matter of fact I saw some people leave,  the only thing that kept me there is the fact that we spent butt loads of money on tickets. I'm not sure if there is something wrong with me or everyone else who raves about this show!  This show is extremely over-rated, some parts were okay, I mean it is Broadway, but overall the jokes were not witty or clever.   I'm not one to get pissy over racy context or even vulgar jokes but I can get pissy when the context is just plain dumb.  I wasn't offended, it just wasn't funny!  It seems they tried too hard to be out there with the jokes but most of them fell flat.  Inept jokes about aids, raping babies, cancer just don't work for me.   This show was a terrible waste of money.  Buying these tickets is probably my only regret in life thus far.     Go see Avenue Q instead, they got it right!
I hated this show!!  I wish I could give it negative stars.  Yes, a few chuckles and a handful of clever tunes. But for the most part, this is highly offensive material, including references to intercourse with infants, the *F* word tossed out there in almost every other phrase..  And how does female circumcision and dysentery get worked into a comedy musical?  It doesn't work for me.  This show is beyond raunchy, in fact, downright disgusting. Is this what entertainment in today's world has declined to?  What a poor reflection of our culture, and it's an embarrassment!  I am not religious and I'm not a prude but, sorry all you BOM lovers, I just don't get it!
From the moment the co-lead made his presence known with a loud, obnoxious doorbell buzz at the end of the opening song my enthusiasm quickly began eroding into the realization that Book of Mormon was going to be an utter disappointment.  This made much worse by the stubhub beating my wallet endured courtesy of the insane demand for tickets. The show is rarely witty, though there are individual songs that are pretty hilariously well made.  I generally like the crude sarcasm and irreverence South Park is known for, and it came across well in some of the songs poking fun at religion and faith.  However, this accounts for a small amount of the total run time, and is far overwhelmed by the onslaught of cheap jokes.  Apparently I'm supposed to laugh at swearing for the sake of swearing and unfunny side comments that are less germane to the story than a Family Guy cutaway.     The plot is extremely predictable and feels completely half-assed, although it at least attempts to redeem itself with a typical South Park type take away at the end.   What really mars the production from beginning to end is the co-lead character Elder Cunningham.  This Chris Farley-esque slapstick wears out immediately.  From that point on he is a loud laughing, inappropriate sound making, filling up stage time with middle school humor, grating, unlikeable disaster. I have no idea why this is so popular. Rant complete.
I love Broadway shows and am not easily offended. The Book of Mormon is a lavish production with catchy songs and talented performers, BUT it was grossly offensive in so many ways. Let's start with  a stage full of people shaking their fist to the sky and saying "F___ You, God" over and over. Even if you are not a person of faith, is there really humor in infant rape, domestic violence, female genital mutilation, starvation, and murdering warlords? (This is real life in Uganda). What does it say about us as human beings when this is the hottest show on Broadway? Don't go!
The play is hilarious!  If ur a Mormon ur sure to get a chuckle. If you're a Christian you WILL be offended and very miffed due to a couple of song/dance segments. I myself had no idea that these two segments were really hitting hard at God, but I understood why it was in there for story's sake. Anyway, my fave segments were "Hello" and "Turn it Off."  All the Mormon characters were great, funny, exaggerated in facial expression and body movement in dance. Excellent choreography as well. All the dance moves were very Jonathan Arons-esque, loved it, very funny!
wit-spewing, profane, sentimental, sensational!!
Over-hyped.  My dear mother in law got the family tickets for this show and we were super excited to see it since given the reputation and the sky high price tag.  I found it to be funny and stomach-hurtingly so at several points.  But it was really one dimensional.  The humor was crass, which was expected given that it produced by the creators of South Park, but there was no depth to the whole thing.  In comparison, I felt like we got more bang for our buck at Wicked, which was took us on a roller coaster of emotions - funny, joyous, sad, empathetic, hopeful, relieved, etc.  Book of Mormon did none of that.  The only emotion that I felt was humorous, the same ridiculous humor that would make a high schooler squeal in delight but it lasted the whole couple of hours.  I was surprised when it was over since there was no twist at the end, or any surprises.  I was expecting more given the caliber of the other Tony Award winners that we've seen.  We do like South Park humor but 2 hours of it without any more complexities to the plot do not warrant the high price tag of this Broadway show.
Play was great, very funny.  The staff went out of their way to help my disabled husband with the stairs and finding him a more comfortable chair.  Really outstanding!!
After looking for tickets for almost 6 months, I finally watched this show two days ago.  I don't know if this is your typical, family broadway show.    I'm not sure how the script managed to do it, but they definitely covered most areas of discrimination!  Homosexuals, Animals, Child molesters, Chinese, African Americans, and of course Mormons!  If you're someone who is easily offended, please do NOT go for this show.  You will be terribly offended. I think the jokes made me laugh because some of them were funny, and others were just so shocking. I don't know that the elderly couple watching next to me seemed to be very amused.  I have to say I am definitely surprised at this show's crazy success considering it's crude nature, as it definitely cannot be everyone's cup of tea, and I definitely did catch a glance at the angry members of the audience leaving the show. Anyway, I had a great evening - Some fantastic acting, great music, and hilarious story.
i got tickets in the standing room only line. plus: i only had to stand for 1/2 the show and was able to grab an empty seat for the 2nd half. minus: stood outside in the cold for about 4 hours... but my ticket was about $25.
This really depends on your sense of humor. I get how people can totally love it, because it pokes a lot of fun at things in crude way, but personally I didn't really get it (and not because my sense of humor is bad). Here's a test to see if you would like it: If someone repeatedly shouted, "I have maggots in my scrotum!" and you would find it funny, go see the play.
Parents got tickets thought it would be boring because it won 9 Tony's (sounds illogical but I don't have the sophisticated taste of the voters)....I couldn't have been more wrong one of the funniest things I have ever seen. See it!
This show is FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC. I cannot praise it enough. Anything I say will be an injustice. The writing is smart, the music is fun, and the jokes will have you laughing so hard you'll be doubled-over in your seat, head-in-crotch. My abs got a really good workout. I had the pleasure of scoring house seats that evening, nbd. No but really though, it did matter. I think the seats are what made my Mormon experience a 5 star instead of 4 star. I can't remember exactly but I was about 5th row orchestra, dead center, diagonally behind James Marsden. YUM. If you are fortunate enough to see this show, I'm really excited for you!
Hilarious, amazing. I could not have asked for a better anniversary gift than a pair of tickets to see this show. Best part is that, as two people who loved South Park from the beginning, it was something that we would have seen individually if we'd had to. Being able to share it was the icing on the experience. I struggle not to start singing some of these songs at work, especially as several of them are well...NSFW. It's Matt and Trey, what can you expect? What I didn't expect was all the heart this show has. Sure, there's offensive words, disturbing situations, and a good helping of poking fun at what people generally take seriously but...it really is a feel good experience when all is said and done. A lot of serious issues are handled so this show also manages to inform without tasting like medicine as the balance between serious matters and absurdity and levity is kept just so. And unlike some some other musicals where the ending feels sort of syrupy and artificial, the end is pitch perfect. If someone said tomorrow "Hey, I've got tickets to The Book of Mormon, do you wanna go?" I would say yes. Even though it's only been a few weeks since I saw it, emphatically, yes.
A pair of tickets were bought in September 2012 for a February 2013 weekend show - the first weekend availability at that time. Make sure you plan ahead! The first time we attempted to see the show, our tickets were refunded due to Hurricane Irene. The theater is tiny, but the seats aren't too cramped compared to some other Broadway venues. The show speaks for itself, why are you even reading this review???
brilliant. brilliant. brilliant. the songs are literally stuck in my head. in a good way. go if you can, pay the money and don't whine about it, consider it an investment in your happiness.
What an INCREDIBLY funny, inventive and side-splitting fun time....If you have any qualms about adult-laden jokes about religion (making fun of Jesus, God, Christians, etc.) or about serious topics(AIDS, cancer) then, save your money.  If you can, however, for two hours, suspend those religious and societal rules and escape into the realm of tongue-in-cheek and absolutely rip-roaring jokes and parodies about Mormons (and any other subject that falls prey to this wonderfully written book),  you will leave thoroughly entertained. Powered by stubhub I had a great view of the excellent performances and the engaging musical numbers. More important, I was laughing so hard, I was crying. The woman next to me was laughing so hard, she barely could catch her breath. It was irreverent, vulgar at times, decadent and outright hilarious. Forget the nay-sayers on these reviews. They have forgotten how to laugh at life and religion and at ourselves. This musical is every bit as funny and witty as it was made out to be by every fan that has stood up to applaud at the close of the show. Musically, Book of Mormon may not be as sweetly engrossing as Wicked or have the verve of Rent or Memphis, but, then again, it is not trying to be any of those shows. It is simply poking fun at all the rules of religion and life itself. Do not miss it.
Cute show. Nothing special. Not worth the the $300.00 plus I paid per ticket online. Many better shows. I saw this only because I have seen all then others.
4 hours prior to the opening act, I landed at LGA. So ok, I was kinda ex-hau-sted from flying all day. However, I don't think I blinked once during this hilarious masterpiece. I was eager to see more of each act as the show progressed. It's pretty darn funny. Even as an out-of-towner, I've watched quite a few shows and this takes the TOP with the funniest. It's open, blunt humor and I loved it. If tickets weren't so darn expensive, I'd see it again and again.. this ain't no Chicago priced ticket (Luckily, I just have a brother who spoils me rotten.) It's worth it so invest in a Mormon today ;) Cabaret, Annie Got Your Gun, or La Cage are ones that will probably come and go for a while. Book of Mormon may not be.. so go get your Mormon on ASAP. A sense of humor is vital.
My boyfriend, a big South Park fan, had been clamoring to see this since he first heard about it. I purchased tickets for his birthday (which is in November) in June for a February show. I think it was well worth the wait but the theater was just tiny...had they been able to secure a larger venue, more people could be damned to hell for enjoying such a sacrilegious show. There were so many moments that I found myself thinking "oh god, I can't believe they just did/said that" but then I realized Matt Parker and Trey Stone have made their millions off cripple fights, tourette's syndrome and songs sung by Christmas turds. Genghis Khan, Adolf Hitler, Jeffery Dhamer & Johnnie Cochran all dancing in hell while Elder Price gets coffee poured down his throat by Satan's minions was probably the funniest scene in the whole play. If you were part of the 1% that didn't thoroughly enjoy this then you probably failed to do your research in who created this and should promptly see a doctor as you probably have maggots in your scrotum!
I love musicals! I do!!! But this one was really bad! Dancing was great and acting too! But story is quite lame! Plus I was literally disappointed every time they started to sing!!!! Songs are so bad as well as music! And those are the whole point to make it to the musical! And this all for 400 dollars a ticket!!! I feel I've been used.
Oh how much I was looking forward to seeing this with a friend only to be completely let down.  For starters, I want to say that I am not easily offended and none of the core material in the play offended me, however, there were times where even I was appalled at the jokes.  Perhaps it was because I was sitting in one of the lottery seats (yes, I understand how fortunate I was to win) and I didn't have the greatest view, but I found this play to be empty of the clever humor I was expecting from the creators of South Park.  At some points, I actually felt embarrassed for the cast which was way too talented for the material they were given.  If it weren't for the cheap lottery seats my friend and I won, I would have been extremely upset paying the money that others paid for a ticket.
AMAZING!  My dad had never been to a show and wanted this to be his first - what a show to pop his Broadway cherry!  I was literally crying from laughing so hard, and that was only 5 minutes into the show.  Great, catchy songs.  The entire cast from the leads to the ensemble supporting cast were amazing.  Some of my favorite moments from the show were parts with the ensemble.  We have been singing songs from the show all day.  I wish I could go again to see it tonight (who are we kidding - every night!) If you find vulgarity offensive DO NOT SEE THIS SHOW.  I keep seeing reviews about how 'offensive' this show is and just laugh at them.  Seriously?  What do you expect from the creators of South Park!  I feel like so many people are so up in arms about what is P.C. and what is 'appropriate' that no one feels like they can crack offensive jokes.  Lighten the fuck up, folks.  Have a laugh.  Stop taking everything so seriously.  Watch Team America: World Police.  If you don't think that shit is the funniest thing E.V.E.R., then you will definitely definitely definitely hate this show.  Go see the Lion King instead. Tickets wise - tickets are super expensive, don't get me wrong.  We bought off of Broadway.com and got orchestra seats for around $190, so a $50 markup from the face value.  The seats aren't at a huge slant so I was moving from side to side to try and get the best view possible.  Get friendly with your neighbors!  Decent legroom compared to other Broadway theaters.  Don't drink here, though.  $26 for a cocktail - seriously!  Drink afterwards! So so worth it for this show.  I can't wait to come back and see it again.
Run, don't walk to see this sweet, charming, hilarious irreverent show. There is some crude language in two songs, but it is done in a way that does not really offend. While making fun of religion, it is light hearted and even conveys some important things about the nature of faith and how it can help our lives. This show will probably be something of a classic for years to come.
Turn it off....like a light switch. You need to go to here...hilarity ensues. Side note, if you can manage it, see Altar Boyz first...it was an off Broadway show a few years back and may still be touring. Book of Mormon is very similar to Altar Boyz and seemingly takes their inspiration from there.
best broadway show in town!!!!
Perhaps praising God for Fu***** while dancing around wearing phalluses and proclaiming the sacredness of the cliterus might make this musical inaccessible for some, but if you accept it as good natured satire of all religion and an actual celebration of religion and how it relates to the human condition, culture, and the universal craving for connection and communion with divinity and all that it entails, you will see that it is actually quite clever and not an inaccurate or mean spirited portrayal at all.  I really enjoyed the story and its allusions to syncretistic cultural morphing against a background of the struggle within the human condition. Nikki M. Jame's performance was full of Wow moments.  I really am happy I got to see her as Nabulungi.  I think the rest of the cast was mostly all original except for K.J. Hippensteel who does an amazing job as Elder Price.  The entire cast puts on an outstanding show.  The Eugene Theater is smaller so I don't really think there is a bad seat in the house.  You are able to take in everything.  I love all the cameos during Your making things up again Arnold and Spooky Mormon Hell dream and since it was small I was able to see and get their full effect.   You do have all the types of great songs you would expect to hear from a musical and I have found myself humming a lot of them, although I have to catch myself when I start singing about Joseph Smith's magical Aids frog because I don't think most people would understand.  Also, I have already worn my fabulous Man UP All over Myself shirt in public (that I bought at the show's concession) and have received quizzical and disapproving looks that I find to to be pretty funny.   This show is a must see for mature adults who can handle religious satire and the full extent of free speech that our Bill of Rights allows.  You blow me away Broadway!
This is so funny you will be laughing out loud the whole time.  Well maybe not if your from Salta Lake Citya or  a member of the LDS Church, because they hit them hard and below the belt.  Lot's of jokes below the belt, literally.  It's a small theater so every seat is good, and if you get there early they sell Alcoholic drinks in child proof cups that you can take then into the theater.  Sweet get a double.   I felt like a kid with my  sippy cup but was thankful as soon as the first act started those lids are great, so you don't waste the drink or spill hot coffee on your lap or the person sitting in front of you when you belly laugh at the jokes.  Kinda funny the LDS do not drink coffee or booze.  The leg room is tight , worse than a coach seat with a jerk reclining in front of you on a place so if your tall get an aisle or front room seat in mezzanine section.  If your a prude, you will be offended.  I did not find it insulting to all religions, or the bible.  This will not shake anyone's faith but it will make you crack up.  I didn't think the second Act could hold water to the first but it kills ... you go to go to this it is soooo funny!   Can't wait for a missionary to ring my doorbell, and see if he has seen the show.
Hilarious. Amazing. Entertaining. I can't say enough about this musical. A must see. I had a great time despite the jet lag and met some of the cast after the show near the stage door. What an unforgettable night!
Fantastic. It's irreverent, witty, and laugh-out-loud-funny from start to end. Feels like watching South Park, except better because it's in the flesh and you can't help but wonder if there are staunchly religious folks (if not Mormons) squirming uncomfortably in their seats, trying to contain either laughter or rage. A smart, enjoyable, and well-executed parody. I watched the show with Andrew Rannells as Elder Price and Josh Gad as Elder Cunningham (Tony Award winner for best actor). Josh was easily the star of the show and its most endearing character -- and I was lucky enough to see him before he did his last show on June 6th! Seriously. I LOVED HIM. It's hard to imagine anyone taking his place because he's so damn funny / lovable in playing the role of a schleppy, good-natured nerd-turned-unlikely-hero that you wonder if he's really like that in real life! Anyway, we also saw Asmeret Ghebremichael as Nabulungi (who has a solo in there about "OO-tah" that was surprisingly touching) and I was surprised to learn that she was actually the understudy for Nikki James (a Tony Award winner as well). Asmeret was a big stand-out for me, both comically and vocally. I'm always drawn to musicals in which the female lead has a clear and beautiful voice to anchor the "heart" of a show -- Asmeret did this extremely well. My all-time favorite shows on Broadway are, hands town, Avenue Q and Book of Mormon. Can't recommend either enough. For BOM, we bought tickets 9 months in advance to avoid paying exorbitant rates, but if you have the money to splurge or if you're in NYC  for only a short period of time -- close your eyes and fork over the cash. You won't regret seeing this show.
I can't get these outrageous songs out of my head! Spooky Mormon Hell is so catchy!! This musical is worth the hype. After not winning the lottery, my friend and I got tickets for standing room. We only had to stand half the performance and after intermission were allowed to grab any open seats. If you are poor and unlucky I highly recommend this way of seeing the musical as its well worth it.
Super enjoyable.  The first number is so sweet and funny, you're just hooked from that point forward.  I saw one of the first previews and I'm still laughing.  The show also has a heart, which is really what makes it all work in the end.
this is a musical written by the creators of South Park and winner of 9 tony awards. leave your kids at home, this show is not PG-13. you will be laughing from beginning to end and there are tons of guest appearances. don't expect something classy. this is about humor; racy, raunchy, and maybe a little racist but all done with a very entertaining flavor. Tickets are pricey because it's one of the best musicals EVER made and totally worth it. come 2.5 hours before the show and put your name in the lottery. the drawing starts exactly 2 hours before EACH show and they reserve about 20 tickets for the lottery (about $30 each). the seats are the BEST seats in the house, right behind the orchestra and so close you'd need a wide angle lens to take a picture of the stage. the show is AWESOME. you can also do standing room only which may be worth it if you are from out of town. put your name in the lottery and stand in the SRO line. and yes, we won that lottery...
Pretty good ;)
A must see.  The musical is hilarity and comedic genius in its finest.  The theatre is small and nice and a great seat from anywhere.   The music was surprisingly catchy and the cast all had that over the top Broadway pubescent tone to it which actually fit the characters well.  Leads Elder Price and Cunningham weren't the best vocals I'd expect from premier soloists on the lead show on Broadway, but he had more than enough cockiness and great acting to pull it off well.    The show was a riot, and I laughed until I cried throughout the entire show.  Its that "piss your pants" funny.   If you're easily offended due to South Park satire, then you may want to prepare.  Elder Cunningham's snarky mutterings are overly reminiscent of actor Clark Duke and Jonah Hill.  His vocals were quite poor on this night but he did play a great comedic relief. If i could recommend one thing on seating. Stay central and close in the Eugene O'neil Theatre.  Don't sit on the floor level on the sides.  you'll miss half the set and some of the show.  Sit as close as you can afford because the expressions and experience is better close up.   Even if you can see all of their microphones attached to their forehead?  Isn't there a better way?  During intermission you can either wait in line for 15 minutes or hop outside and use the rest room at E&E Grille which is also a nice place for dinner and drinks before or after the show. Laughed my ass off.  Loved the show, loved the theatre. and highly recommend as one of the better and funniest musicals, that you'll ever see.  Worth every penny.
THE BEST MUSICAL IN 10 YEARS!!!!  WORTH THE $130!
There's only one other musical that had me smiling ear to ear ("An American In Paris"), and that stinkin' show doesn't even come close to the laughs and gasps I had during the first 20 minutes of "The Book Of Mormon." i won't throw in any spoilers, but if you're in New York or you plan on going to New York, try your damnest to get tickets to TBOM. I had my heart set on seeing this show weeks after all the rave reviews rolled in - and I'm so thankful I had the chance to see it this summer. I I seriously can't wait to see it again on my next trip to NYC or even 2052 when Broadway Across America finally brings it to Houston, Texas. Warning: Not suitable for children. Not suitable for people with no sense of humor or easily offended.
I've been three times since it opened and it's still hilarious even when you know what jokes are coming. I was disappointed to hear Josh Gad had left before I went this week but Jared Gertner is the perfect replacement. Both Nabalungi's have been amazing as well. Not much else to say on top of what's already been said - the plot is great, the cast is outstanding and the songs incredibly clever and catchy.  By way of a disclaimer, I am a big south park fan and you can see elements of south park all throughout the show (such as in the dream and in the voices of Jesus and Moroni) but I can't imagine many people this show wouldn't appeal to.
This show has ruined me for all other shows. I laughed so hard it hurt my insides and I can't believe they sing half the things they sing. I don't want to give anything away, I'll just say you will be offended if you even remotely believe in a higher power. So go!
This is the most difficult review I have ever written.  Bottom line, this is a funny, well performed, lively and entertaining Broadway musical.  Yes there is crude language, crude even by today's standards.  The problem is, I wanted to clap and cheer and laugh, but I couldn't because the script was so offensive I spent the evening feeling uncomfortable.  I am not a prude, not a Mormon, and I appreciate sharp, witty and piercing humor.  But, when "humor" feels cruel, then I am not on board.  I am also taken by the duplicity of standards used to decide which groups are okay to skewer, and which ones are not.  I can't judge the intent of the writers, all I can say is this show, in my opinion and for me, was at best attempted humor in very bad taste.  My hat is off to the talented cast and musicians, but I just can't recommend a show that so directly attacks a group for its beliefs. So, 4 stars for the theatrical presentation, zero stars for the presentation of the subject, and that averages to 2 stars.
Hello! My name is Leslie D. And I would like to share with you The most amazing play. Er... musical. Yada yada yada. Prepare to be insulted if you are a Mormon, a Jew or a Christian! If you're a Catholic, you're screwed... but what else is new. Seriously though, The Book of Mormon is the most hilarious and most inappropriate musical I have ever seen in my life... and probably will ever see in my life and in eternity. I'm covering two planes here. You know I'm serious. Do yourself a favor, book the tickets a year in advance, pay the price, and go. You won't regret it! Word to the wise: Don't go with your 89 year old grandmother to this. Not only will she not understand any of it (and in effect wasting $200- thank God I didn't pay), she'll fall asleep during it. Oy vey! Oh wait, that's the wrong religion. Um... Hello!
I am a (relatively radical) atheist and thoroughly enjoy politically incorrect & foul shows/jokes/etc. (I'm a fan of South Park, liked Team America, etc.), however this musical must have been one of the biggest waste of time and money I've experienced in the show business. This is not because the content enraged me. The story is flat, the jokes of the quality that 10-years may not even laugh at, the music is uninspiring and the staging relies on exaggerated acting precisely because script and music can't carry the musical. The comedy has very few clever parts, it was simply embarrassing. Don't get me wrong, there are two of the best musical scenes I've ever seen (Hello and Turn It Off), however, they were literally the only two segments enjoyable in the show. While they made me hopeful for the 2nd half (after being only somewhat disappointed with part 1), unfortunately, the 2nd half fell completely flat on its face, without a single enjoyable scene or funny sequence. The shifts into semi-serious moments at the end and the "moral" of the story just didn't work and were embarrassing. Having said that, the audience loved it, so it's entirely possible I'm just off but I hated almost every moment of it.
"Cut their clits off to the sky" is one of the first lines in a song that sticks with you. This show is spectacular. It will sweep the Tonys. You will laugh and laugh and laugh, and be dazzled by perfectly styled ensemble singing, dancing, ironic costume changes, extremely light South Park references, surprise moments of violence, and Hitler getting a bj. And it has to win every prize: it's God's favorite musical.
I don't even like musicals, but I am a huge South Park fan. Even then, I was a little skeptical about whether it was worth the high ticket price until it won all those Tony Awards. They have a touring cast that had come to Los Angeles, and I was super excited for that. However, I was a little late to find out about it and missed it. Then they came to San Francisco, but sold out incredibly fast, and tickets were selling on StubHub for $400+. Eff that. I had mentioned it many times to my boyfriend that we should go. But I kind of saw it as a lost cause since it was so ridiculously hard to get reasonably priced tickets. For our anniversary, he surprised me with a trip to New York so we could see The Book of Mormon on Broadway. Obviously I was ecstatic about it, but was also sort of disheartened by the ticket prices. The worst seats (which by the way are still really good seats since it's such a small theater) were all sold out, and all remaining tickets were $250 and up. I came across Broadway.com that had front mezzanine tickets for $200 on a $155 face value ticket. And StubHub had the back row for $280, so it seemed like a fair enough deal. It was surprisingly a lot cheaper in New York than California. I'm guessing since it plays so often in New York. The musical itself definitely met the hype. Being Christian, I wondered whether this would somehow offend me, but I thought nothing was overly offensive or overly crude. If you understand South Park humor, nothing should really be surprising. Not only was it hilarious, it was witty and satiric. It really gave me a new-found appreciation for Broadway. The actors are so talented and I was really impressed by everything about it. Whether it was worth it or not, I still can't say... but I'm really glad I got a chance to see it.
If your virginal ears will fall off your head at the mere mention of the 'F word' or some sacrilegious talk, then don't see The Book of Mormon. But if you're like me & use the 'F word' in everyday conversation & laugh maniacally at sacrilegious talk, then you'll find TBOM to be a riot! The plot takes you to a place you so would not have thought you were going! AIDS, murder, corrupt village leaders, female mutilation, gay dreams, going to hell, talk of sex with babies & frogs, and oh yea...religion & faith make up the meaty, taboo subjects of HI-larious song & dance. Intrigued yet? You should be! See it. PS: to my Bay Area peeps, I believe TBOM is coming to SF at the end of 2012.
"I have maggots in my scrotum." In full disclosure, I may or may not have peed my pants a little from laughing so damn much. This has nothing to do with having maggots in my scrotum (uhh.. yes... I AM a girl, so that line may or may not make sense to you depending on how much you understand about human biology). However, it was definitely one of the best recurring lines in the song. The show is entertaining, horribly offensive (in a good way), and all around Awesome (note the capital "A"). As you well may know, the creators of South Park and Avenue Q got together to create this brand spankin new musical. If you can't stomach South Park's kind of humor, you probably wont like The Book of Mormon. Me? I laughed so much that tears were literally in my eyes. The casting was spot on. The acting and dancing was superb. The music was well written - and subtle nods to famous numbers from other musicals (like West Side Story, Wicked, and The Lion King) were one of my favorite parts about the whole shebang. Hilarity triumphed, but the show also actually taught me a lot about the basics of Mormon religion - more so than hanging out with a couple of my Mormon friends (who have vowed never to preach to me because they're just so stand up and cool). I want to drag them all to watch it with me because even they will get a kick out of the show. Hell... the theater major I was sitting next to even pointed out to me that one of the ensemble members is actually Mormon. (Whether this is true, I have not verified.) I urge everybody and their mother - that's right, I'm talking about your momma - to go see this musical. Don't forget that on some days, they offer about 20 lottery seats which they sell at $32. There. You have NO excuse now. What are you doing still sitting there on your bum! You should be running to the theater!
Every time I hear the ding-dong of a doorbell, I will automatically start singing "Hello, my name is Elder...." I did not know much about the Book of Mormon, other than that it had pretty much swept the Tony Awards in 2011,  was written by the South Park team and after more than one year it was still the hottest ticket on Broadway.  After a good friend returned from his visit to NYC and told me how much he loved this musical, I knew I had to see this on my next trip and still tried not read up on it as I wanted to be surprised.  I should say that I don't regularly view South Park, despite some folks constantly bugging me to do so. The Book of Mormon is the funniest musical I have ever seen, hands down.  I was laughing the entire time.  I thought the story itself was well written and kept me engaged from beginning to end.  While making fun of everyone and everything, I don't believe any of the humor was mean spirited or insulting to any particular group.  I wasn't sure how one of my friends, who is very religious, would take it but he seemed to enjoy the show for its entertainment value. We were very lucky to have seen BoM with the original cast.  The two leads, who were amazing, will be leaving soon to take on other roles (one of them will be on a TV show). The rest of the cast is really good as well. We sat in the second to last row in the center section and I thought our seats were fine.  The theatre is on the small side so we had a good view of the stage.  I did notice that quite a few people seated in the side sections (upper level) quickly switched their seats to the center section after intermission.   I would recommend this musical to anyone that wants to be fully entertained with great singing, writing and storytelling.  I would not recommend this for children as "salty" language and gestures are displayed.
Oh, how I know that this will never come to Oklahoma, therefore I am so glad we came to NYC to see it! This play was witty, funny and in true South Park fashion no one was safe.  Poor Elder Price I hope one day you get the assignment that you want.  If in NYC go see this hilarious musical because it does not disappoint!
Hilarious! Everything you need to know about Mormons in just a couple of hours. We were lucky and bought tickets just before the Tony nominations came out. Catchy songs, great performances. Nikki James definitely deserved her Tony for supporting actress in a musical. I saw someone complain about the profanity. I don't know what they were expecting from Trey & Matt. It's definitely rated 'R' with some foul language so not recommended for kids unless they are devotes of South Park.
Walking into the beautiful theater (you literally walk right into the orchestra) all laden in gold and amber tones, you can't help but notice the large cathedral-esque stage with a planet and star backdrop. It's absolutely gorgeous. My nose filling with the smell of red wine, I looked around to find almost everyone with clear thermoses full of wine and beer--haven't seen that before. And I have to say so UN-classy.  Going to the theater is just not what it used to be (says the girl in flip-flops and a backpack). Not really knowing what the musical was about, I was completely surprised by the plot, harsh language, and found myself nearly falling out of my seat with laughter. Basically these Mormon boys are trained to go on missionary trips to wherever they are placed. Elder Price (played by Matt Doyle) is supposed to be the prodigal missionary, if you will. His dream would be to go to Orlando, Florida, however he is stuck with Elder Cunningham (played by Cody Jamison Strand) who hasn't even read the Book of Mormon, and they are shipped off to Uganda, Africa. To their surprise it is nothing like The Lion King and Elder Price finds himself not being able to take it anymore. So he takes off, leaving Cunningham in charge of teaching the village people about the Book of Mormon and leading them to the promise land: Salt Lake City.  Not having ever read it, he essentially makes up a story that incorporates Star Wars, Star Trekk, The Lord of the Rings, etc... and the people really go for it.  He ends up successfully baptizing all of them!  Well Elder Price never made it to Orlando because he fell asleep and had a horrible Mormon in Hell dream.  I won't go on. FINAL VERDICT: I haven't seen a (good) musical in a LONG time so perhaps I enjoyed it so much because of that. But I doubt it. The story was interesting, the music was phenomenal and catchy, and the chubby Strand does a great job in his role as Elder Cunningham.  He's a real ham.  If you can't take a joke about religion, or are a Mormon, this probably isn't for you.  As for all you heathen Catholics, go, sin and then ask for forgiveness.
I laughed, I cried, I burned in Hell! I love South Park as any old dirty bastard like me would but I wasn't sure what to expect.  This is actually my very first ever Broadway musical (not a huge fan of them tbh).  But this one, as expected based on reviews and awards, was very well done. It didn't blow me away to be honest but I have no frame of reference for how a Broadway show should be. I'll say this...I'm one dirty SOB with a mouth like an ex-Marine truck driver on me but the song early on in the show called "F you God" had me sitting silent in my chair with my jaw dropped...which almost never happens to me. I'm 99% certain I was already going to burn in Hell because I'm a dirty bad man but now I'm 100% certain I will be playing checkers with Hitler after watching and enjoying Book of Mormon!
So, after Act I, a friend asked what I thought.  My response was that I was probably going to hell for enjoying the first act so much.  I was assured that I was probably going to hell anyway, regardless if I laughed at "Book of Mormon" or not, so that made me feel a bit better* about enjoying Act II.   In a nutshell, sure, the creators of this show skewer religion, race, hypocrisy, etc. But strip away the profanity, vulgarity and blasphemy (if you can), and it's really a love letter to great American musicals.  Additionally, even though it may mock religion, I think it elevates the significance of faith. I liked all the performers, especially the schlubby lead guy (Josh Gad).  One nit to pick, sometimes I missed his lines when he was speaking and singing because he changed his voice so much.   Highlights in terms of numbers include "I Believe", "Man Up,", "I am Africa", "Spooky Mormon Hell Dream" and the entire villager re-enactment of the history of the Mormon founding (from Rochester to Salt Lake).  Second act is much stronger than first.  The lyrics are painfully clever and I had to pick up my jaw off the ground several times as it kept hitting the floor with some of the things being said/sung on stage. By the end of the show, I was literally wiping tears from my eyes I laughed so much.   Got tickets last summer for the show in February and it was definitely worth the wait. _______________________________________ *Note: I am not a Mormon but would probably be significantly more offended if that were the case.
HALARIOUS! A must see! We had a wonderful time at the matinee.
The creators of South Park are not afraid to dabble in musical theater. After all, "South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut" was a musical by any other name (Blame Canada!), several episodes of South Park have been musical based and there was, back in the day of 10 years ago, "Cannibal! The Musical". So having a Broadway show created by this talented duo (really trio, as the music is by Robert Lopez of Avenue Q fame) is a major happening for fans of South Park, musicals and anyone in need of a laugh (or edification about the Mormon religion). Yes, the tickets have 'parental advisory' warning labels on them but this is a show that creatively uses profanity. It's not being dirty or crude for crudeness' sake but actually advances a surprisingly meaningful plot. I hate to toss about words like 'feel-good show' but...you'll surprisingly feel good during this show. And unlike some shows that seem to drag on interminably, The Book of Mormon is a fast paced romp that stirs up sympathy for the stars that can easily be lacking in other musicals. Any pop culture junkie will definitely get their fix, especially if you like sci-fi references. The two leads seem to physically resemble Trey Parker and Matt Stone a bit and you'll also notice that the pre-recorded voice of Jesus sounds  like Eric Cartman. The show, still in previews as of 3/19/11, is about 2 hrs and 15 minutes, including a 15 minute intermission. It expresses the philosophy of South Park, mainly the roasting of all, equally and unabashedly, with notable salvos against Bono and the Lion King. Add in a great sound track, fun choreography and there's potential for this to be the Broadway hit of 2011. Without giving away the plot, there's a brilliant symmetry between the start and end that neatly wraps up the whole show. See it!
Set aside any PC urges or as the Mormons say, "shut it off" and settle in for an offensively good time. We missed out on tickets in Colorado so decided this would be our Broadway show for this trip to NYC. It was money well spent and is honestly the only show I've laughed this much at. I won't go into details except to say the freaky Mormon hell dream was worth the price of admission. A must see!
Very funny!  Quite surprised that this won Best Musical 2011 due to how racy things ended up (not complaining).  It's not everyday that a show that abundantly uses the c-word and touts black dildos gets accolades, let alone wins top prize.  Not your traditional musical.  Would love to hear what actual Mormons think about this show. The musical numbers are well scripted and executed and the cast is extremely talented.  The "African" vocalists are particularly incredible!  A refreshing and often hilarious new take on what's entertainment.  Be prepared to sell your left ball sack for a ticket.
What a riot. I had my apprehensions since I am not a big fan of South park but husband paid a ton of money and got it as a surprise one evening.  I loved absolutely everything about it. Great, catchy songs.. I still hum them after two months, Fantastic cast, great story and you cannot beat the humor. Some of the jokes are silly but it is delivered in  a way that you cannot help but burst into peals of laughter. Highly inappropriate for children and anyone with sensitive religious sentiments. This is definitely bucket list worthy. HASA DIGA EEBOWAI .. Wondering what I am talking about?? GO WATCH THE SHOW!!
What a great show, trust amazing. the theater is great so don't waste money on "front row seats" they are basically all the same view. also, they are all very small seats and if you are tall.... good lucky fitting into the seats because your knees will defiantly be cramped and smashed into the seat in front of you. but besides that, the show was amazing and the theater is beautiful.
Loved. This. Show. It is the funniest Broadway show I have ever seen. I was laughing so much that I was crying. The next day, on the way to the subway, I found myself laughing out loud remembering things that happened the night before. This is genius musical theatre.
Yes!!!   A wonderfully inaproppriate play!  If you are a fan of South Park humor, you are in!   The show pokes humor at religion in every way possible.  They take very real bible stories and expose just how difficult they are to believe.  The songs are catchy and will bring a smile to your face.  A week later, and I am still remembering verses.  :) I laughed like a maniac during the whole thing and adored the characters.  There was filthy humor amd swearing like no tomorrow, but enough of a premise and talent to keep you riveted. The cast was perfect and sickenly talented.  I LOVED their expressions!   Worth forking out for a closer seat to see them, though you should see the show regardless. Truly nothing else like this on Broadway.   i would totally go to see this again.   Not for the easily offended.
Well, I know this is THE one of the most famous broadway show, but I'm gonna be true to myself. I didn't grow up here, and did not know much about Mormon. As a result, I was confused and bothering my bf most of the time trying to understand the references they made. We sat at the front row, and one of the main characters got sweaty really quickly, and I feared his sweat would get on me whenever he's on stage. Another downside of sitting in the front was that the actors were so passionate, and their spit flew out when they talked. Long story short, avoid the front row. Anyway, do you homework about Mormon before go to the show, otherwise, it's not gonna be that funny. Also, avoid the front row.
ok, so everyone is raving about this  - and I wanted something different, something with a funny plot, something unique, like Blue Man Group or Avenue Q, or even Steve Cohen's Chamber of Magic  (please send me your thoughts on cool shows you would like to recommend). When I heard it was made from the guys who made Southpark, well, I was on board for shelling out $400 for tickets. Although it was funny, it wasnt hilarious. It is REALLY vulgar...I mean a lot of cursing... more than I really felt comfortable with... a lot of blasphemy......they just went too far..... do not take kids to this, or your parents as they may want to walk out they will get so offended... Many of the jokes were funny, but the plot just did not move fast enough for me...  many of the scenes were just too long and dragged out... I expected more from the makers of Southpark. I expected sharper, wit, and more dry, sarcastic humor. This was just dirty.
Brilliant, absurd, surprisingly warm, and hilarious! The Book of Mormon has dethroned Avenue Q as most hilarious musical on Broadway. But I'm okay, because TBOM is the brainchild of both the the creators of South Park and Avenue Q. Do not eat or drink a lot before this show. You will likely laugh, tear, snort, and giggle. You may soil yourself, pee your pants, and throw up from convulsive laughter. If you are doing all three, this may be related to the show or you are having a seizure. Consult a physician before seeing The Book of Mormon. If you are easily offended, think twice about coming to this show. This show is awesome. This show truly takes advantage of what it is meant to be Broadway. This show is extravagant, shocking, bright, and bold. The musical numbers are truly Broadway. Hello! is a brilliant starter. Hasa Diga Eebowai is ridiculous. But is an incredibly beautiful ensemble performance. Man Up is a classic. I Believe is both a show-stopper and a Broadway classic. You'll laugh but if you pay enough attention, you'll realize that there's way more heart to this show than you'd ever expect. I certainly didn't expect it. Save up. Book a ticket NOW. The Book of Mormon is FUCKING AMAZING. I have maggots in my ...
Six attempts, as my check ins attest, at winning the BOM lottery and walking away empty handed.  Am I the only dumbass that has tried so many times?  Heck, I am the current Dutchess! On my sixth try, I brought reinforcement.  Good thing I did...since he's a lucky duck and won the second to the last pair.  Whoo hoo! I'm as un-PC as they come, so I found the musical hilarious!  One of my favorites thus far.  I really enjoyed everything: the plot, the funnies, the dancing and the singing.  Now I know why this is continuously a sold out show and people see it time and time again.  I'll be raving about BOM for awhile! In terms of the lottery, they raffle off 22 seats per show.  All of the seats are either in the front row or box seats.  Prime seating!  Each time I've gone, there's been well over 100 people vying for these sought after seats, so bring your lucky charm!  If you have time to kill, there's also standing row tickets at the very back of the theater. To get a good shot at these, you should plan on standing in line about eight hours before the show for the best chances to score these.
I think this might be my first 5 star review! That aside, I LOVED the Book of Mormon! The show is hysterical, creative, and just plain FUN! I have actually visited the Mormon Tabernacle and let me say, the sets were right on! Especially the first one of Jesus and the Prophet Marone. It was indeed Salt Lake CIty aka "Sal Tlay Ka Siti" on Broadway. The music.. "Hasa Diga Ebowi" and "You're Making Stuff Up Again" were my favorite numbers. I can't get that "You're making Stuff Up Again Arnold" line out of my head.  I often times think that getting a song stuck in your head is a good thing.  Oh and who can forget about "Spooky Mormon Hell Dream." That was the most genius number. And the stage production the people in Uganda put on. The Mission leaders face, was priceless. Thank Gosh (God) that I scored these tickets! I would totally see this again!
Just go see this, already. On a total whim, I bought a single-seat orchestra partial view (face value from ticketmaster) and I didn't miss a thing (plus it's an aisle seat, yay!). I'm from upstate NY, know a lot of mormons (both practicing and ex) so really got into the satire.   It's "tight"--no extraneous scenes or characters, never drags, and the second half just gets better.  Yes, of course, it's raunchy and nasty and mother effing hilarious. Seriously, Just Go.
The show was amazing that goes without saying, I just wish you can easily find more information on the seating chart and configuration. I got tickets that were labeled restricted legroom, not thinking anything of it. The person I went with is taller than six feet and this created quite a discomfort for him. I highly suggest you see this show, but do your research on seats before hand. Afterwards I found a few things online, I think I found some good stuff by looking into: Eugene oneill detailed seating chart. Definitely pay close attention to seat numbers and limited view seats as well. Quick update, I had a friend ask where to sit, the was most helpful thing I found was called, book of mormon seating chart what to know. Definitely read this before you go (girls the author's kind of cute too).
Think Mel Brooks with a Mormon twist. Potentially offensive (think South Park) for some, hilarious, over the top and yet surprisingly heartfelt.   I was pleased that this was not a Mormon bashing play. As with all of Matt and Trey's work; we all are the butt of the joke. Been there, done that and have the soundtrack. Go! Go! Go!
Brilliant, offensive, funny, sarcastic, intriguing, intellectual and vulgar all at the same time!!! I won't give it away, but I'll say you need to have an open mind and find the humour without taking it personally.  Whatever your faith, ethnicity and sensitivity level, just go with the flow.  It's truly a masterpiece in comedy, music, theatre, acting, staging and performance.  I should mention, it's an equal opportunity discriminatory show.  No one is spared hehe. Through the lottery held daily for tickets, I scored a pair of front row and center tickets (at $32/each) for Sunday evening's performance.  I'm such a lucky duck!!!  I tried 4 times this past weekend, so I deserved to win =)  But seriously, the tickets are sold out until next April 2012 so I heard, so the only way to get tickets is through a scalper (bad idea and extremely overpriced) or through this lottery concept. The theatre is a bit small, but cozy for the show.  The orchestra is great. Is it worth it to try to see this show?  Of course, but don't go for lottery when I attempt it again because that'll just spoil my odds!  Hasa diga! Err, don't bring your children, it's truly an adults only venue.
First off - its not really all that offensive (to a non-Mormon), and is REALLY well done.  Its about a pair of young men who get sent off on their first mission to a very unlikely place, and the journey they take while trying to get people to buy in to the religion.   The music was great, and the songs take you into their world.. the cast was perfectly picked out, and its seriously a non stop barrel of laughs.  There was always a little detail to notice that made me light up and have a giggle, with all of its upfront jokes, side jokes, and most awesomely - the appeal to today's audiences.  In fact, I still have some of those songs stuck in my head, four weeks later! Hasa Diga Eebowai! Its so entertaining, you don't have time to wonder about what is going on over on Facebook or Twitter - you're literally taken up by the show and drawn in.  Its definitely the creator's best work, hands down.  I was thoroughly impressed, and cannot recommend the show enough! Our seats were GREAT, and I have to thank the theater gods for not putting anyone in front of me so I could actually see everything that was going on!  The last time I saw a show, there was a tall dude in front of me, and it was pretty much lost.  Not so in this case.. and its a damned good thing, because the show was truly fantastic!
It was tricky getting tickets to the hottest show in town that's sold out until MAY but we did it.  And not only that, we actually had seats!  The prices for seats are steep but the theatre is small so every seat is a good seat. Some paid to stand the whole show and I'd say it's worth it for that too!!!  Standing room only ticks are about $28 bucks.   You will laugh so hard your feet will forgive you!  I have so much to say but don't want to give anything away.  You will LAUGH A LOT....and some jokes and songs might even make you feel guilty.  But hey maybe not, I'm Catholic so that comes with the territory for me.  To get through the real blasphemous parts, I just told myself it's like watching South Park.   Go see it, and as fast as you CAN!
If you walk out of "The Book of Mormon" without having been offended in some way you are either: a) a non-english speaker b) blind c) deaf This musical hits the ground running and doesn't stop with the comedy, shock, and over-the-top music. I'm always amazed at the way these guys get you to the take-home satirical message in such a roundabout and vulgar manner. You could re-do this whole musical and replace "Mormon" with any other group and I don't think the message changes that much. Bravo. And as for the cast... I thought the African cast stole the show in the final few scenes. Josh Gad and Andrew Rannells are outstanding. The first show i saw in NYC a few years ago was the Putnam County Spelling Bee which incidentally had Josh and a number of other alumni members in it. So glad to see that Matt and Trey scooped up a lot of that wonderful cast. But to have been in on that first rehearsal when the orchestra was paired up with the cast and actually put words to the tunes... I know I would not have made it through any run-throughs without losing my composure. This is well worth seeing if you can stomach an enormous amount of juvenile humor that masks poignant satire. Bravo!
You know a show is good when you get standing room tickets and it doesn't matter to you! Came here last thursday with my cousin and we tried to get lottery tickets... unfortunately, we weren't chosen. But we did end up getting standing room tickets! At first, I was a bit skeptical.. standing for 2.5 hours isn't the most joyous thing. But it turned out to be a great experience! The standing room area was actually pretty decent: view wasn't obstructed by anything, they had banisters you could lean against, and had plenty of room without feeling squished. Book of Mormon definitely lives up to the hype! The songs are INCREDIBLY CATCHY (you will not be able to get them out of your head), the choreography is so funny, the acting is great, the storyline is cleverly written ... honestly, it's just a perfect show! Plus, we were both laughing throughout the entire show! But do be warned, if you're not really a fan of crude humor, then this show may not be for you. The writers of Book of Mormon also wrote South Park, so it's the same type of humor. But I definitely enjoyed every second of the show, and even if we did have standing room, it didn't dampen the experience at all! And for $25, well worth it!
I'm not going to get long winded in this review. I will simply say that I enjoy laughing, I'd even say that laughing is my favorite a la Buddy the Elf. That being said I pretty much laughed from beginning to end.. Going to a Broadway show from the creators of South Park , one must have a relative assumption of what they are getting into when they purchase tickets to go see this show.  I truly believe that if you have a somewhat sarcastic sense of humor and are not easily offended, you will enjoy this show thoroughly. The only two things I was not a fan of were the ridiculously huge ticket pricing and the ridiculously small seats.  I am a rather large individual ( by no means am I Walter Hudson....Google it if you are unaware/too young to remember)  but these seats would be better suited for small children. Other than that I'd say if you want a night filled with laughter, go see this show! P.S. What did you think of ol' Walter? Huge right?  He'd have loved Yelp.
I really wanted to adore this musical.  I'm a huge fan of Matt and Trey (I've seen every episode of South Park and can recite Team America word for word).  I waited months and months to go and was so excited when the moment arrived to see it and alas I was disappointed. I just didn't think it was that funny.  There were definitely funny bits and a few of the songs got me chuckling, yet I was not overly impressed.  Honestly, I think they were better of turning Team America into a musical--that I would pay money to see.   To make matters worse, even though I paid a lot of money for orchestra center seats, the standing room only people completely ruined the experience.  They stood basically with their faces inches behind my neck and whooped and chattered throughout the entirety.  Feeling someone breathing on your neck for a few hours makes an already mediocre play immensely worse.  Truly, the theater should not sell those standing room only tickets because they're only making $25 and they're ruining the experience of the patrons paying actual money for a seat in row T (avoid that row at all costs!).
I've been attempting to see this show for the last 6 months. After failing 8 different lottery tries and we gave up and got standing tickets. The lotto draws 2 hours before the show and you can show up 5 minutes before drawing. That's what I usually did. Unfortunately, that did not ensure a win. I still felt like a winner when watching this show! Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, and Matt Snow wrote a gut busting, Mormon-blasphemous musical with a heart of gold. We loved it, laughed and we might see it again!
This was, without a doubt, one of the best shows I've seen in a long time. I mean, GOD! Everything that comes into my mind makes me sound like a tourist who has never been to Broadway before. It was magical, it was spectacular, it was an earth-moving, soul-shaking extravaganza. I swear to you. I take in a show every couple of months. This may have skyrocketed to the top of my list. My face hurt from laughing AFTER THE FIRST NUMBER. I had tears running down my face. I SNORTED. The first show I ever saw was Cabaret back in the late 90s. I was completely in awe and afterward my dad bought me a T-shirt to commemorate my first Broadway show. I've never bought any paraphernalia from a show since. Until last night. SEE IT. Unless you are easily offended. Or mediocre-ally offended. Or have never seen any of Trey Parker/Matt Stone's other things. Then get over yourself and SEE IT ANYWAY. Eff the lottery. Pay for your damn ticket, wait a zillion months, but sleep easy knowing that you will definitely see this show before you die.
Amazing.  Flat out amazing!   The theatre is small, so all the seats are good.  (i.e., don't hurt yourself trying to get premium seats, but that said, we paid around $800 for tickets and I'd happily pay it again to see the show again - it's that good.)  You can drink in the theatre during the show!!!  (The red wine is better than the white.)   We had the best time. Also, buy your tickets directly from Telecharge - they were great about refunding us when we had to cancel our trip due to Hurricane Sandy.  They also have great customer service.   The show is raunchy - we loved it, but be prepared (i.e., unless your grandma is Joan Rivers, you may want to choose another show to take grandparents to see.)   Pedicabs line up outside after trying to coax in unsuspecting tourists... don't fall for it. and for those getting all uptight on behalf of Mormons: first, the Mormon church has at least two full page ads in the playbill, so clearly they're not that upset about it; second, if you are actually paying attention, it's quite a lovely show with a great message about Mormons and the church; third, our Mormon friends who have seen it have loved it.   You need a full brain and sense of humor to enjoy this show.  As long as you meet those basic qualifications, you won't be sorry.
I don't want to give anything away but this musical is simply outstanding. It deserved the standing ovation at the end. Was worried that I'll be disappointed because the expectations were so high but we never stopped laughing. As David T. mentioned though- there is a lot of cursing. It's from the South Park people after all so I can see how some people may get offended and may find things too shocking but it is clever, well-written and hilarious. It's not for everyone but if you don't take offense to subjects in South Park, then you would love this.
AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING! My partner is a student and I work in retail so we are poor! Also we don't believe in paying a ridiculous amount of money to see shows. So on a Tuesday afternoon at 4:30pm we went to The Book of Mormon lottery! There were around 150 people there for 22 tickets. We both entered the lottery and waited the 30 minutes for the drawing. People were called and more people were called and it wasn't looking good. But then.... HASA DIGA EEBOWAI! Sarah P. from the land of Mexico that is New was called. I jumped for joy. You'd thought we'd won the real lotto. We waited in line to get our cheap ass $32 box tickets and then went and grabbed a burger at Shake Shack. Hands down the best musical I have EVER seen. If you get the chance head on down and try your hand at the lottery. If you're closed minded or easily offended just TURN IT OFF! LIKE A LIGHT SWITCH. It is a nifty little Mormon trick. ENJOY!
I had been hoping to see this for a few years now, and wow, what a let down. If you are at all religious you will be offended.  I am no prude and can laugh at a good joke, but I draw a line at laughing about flipping the bird at God. And if that's not enough to offend you, laughing at aids, female mutilation, raping babies,  and a dance number with plastic hoses used to look like a male body part will surely do the trick. If, on the other hand you are anti-organized religion, want to see a play that is essentially a 2 hour episode of a humanized South Park, and appreciate toilet humor this play might be for you. It's shocking the good reviews this play has gotten.  I give this 2 stars only because the cast was great.  All I can say is I'm glad I didn't pay to see it- especially given the $375 price per seat!  What a rip off.....
Like most I got caught up in the fervor of seeing the hottest show on Broadway ... I got my tickets after waiting two hours on the cancellation line and remember a woman commenting to the salesman in the ticket booth that she would be willing to sell her grandchildren to get a ticket ... ... Funny because that is the very zealot like behavior the show seeks to mock. I say "seek" because the show is not the hysterical laugh out loud comedy so many want it to be ... at best it has it's moments. Best thing about the show is hands down Josh Gad; if there was a way the Tony Award could have gone to Nobert Leo Butz (Catch Me If You Can) and Gad no one would argue. I must admit there was one number in the first act that nearly had me walk out of the show but I kept reminding myself this is from the creators of South Park ... ... but the show as a whole surely lacked the true laugh out loud humor of AVENUE Q or the wit of INTO THE WOODS or WICKED ... ...as another Yelper wrote the second act brings it all together. If you must go then enjoy it for what it is but no need to risk martyrdom nor sell the souls of your children and your children's children because if you do that then you truly miss the whole point of it all.
WOW WOW WOW. I was speechless at the conclusion of this show. Satire at its finest. Wonderfully written to poke fun at organized religion, and serious issues like poverty, AIDS, disparity of wealth, and how the Western world (Americans) view the rest of the world, and social norms. I was so impressed at how the writers can touch on all these issues so cleverly with humor and great music. That is not an easy task! I laughed throughout the ENTIRE show... Some of the jokes are a bit vulgar but one really needs to take a step back and appreciate the parody and the comedy in this, and how the underlying issues are much more profound. I read some of the negative reviews here and I think they missed the point..and the point of this show. This is the best Broadway show I have seen and would definitely return to see it again.
Hello! My name is Yelper Derek B. and I would like to share with you the most amazing show. You know the drill.  If you love South Park or just raunchy, irreverent, unapologetic, offensive, flat out hilarious humor....this is your show.  Top that off with pure talent from what must be one of the best casts on Broadway, and some pretty genius lyrics and music.  Throw in just a touch of a message to make you not feel as bad for laughing and you have a Tony for Best Musical. Seriously one of the funniest, most inappropriate things I've ever seen and I loved it.  So good it will make you want to...hug a baby.  The best part of this show is that it just keeps getting better and better as it goes on, a beautiful crescendo of funniness.  If anything, it was too funny, we were laughing so hard at some jokes, I'm sure we missed others. I highly recommend getting the Original Cast Recording of this show...I got it and it's great, the cast is extremely talented and the songs are so genius and hilarious that they even work for listening to without being at the show. So go order your tickets for 6 months from now, or spend your life savings and get tickets this weekend.  Either way, go see this!  If you haven't seen it yet, here is my advice to you:  know as little as possible about the show before you see it...there is so much good shock value in the show, I'd hate for you to miss out by already expecting things.
The savior of Broadway musicals! Top notch cast, production, songs, script. I laughed for 3 hours, and joined the rest of the audience in a standing ovation during the curtain call. I frequently have Joseph Smith American Moses in my head, which is pretty much never appropriate to sing out loud.
If you have no idea what this show is about, then you have NO IDEA what this show is about. BoM was written by the creators of South Park, which should give you an inkling that this show ain't no tear-jerking drama.   Instead, you best be prepared for an all-out assault on a particular religion that writers Trey Parker and Matt Stone seem to find exceedingly ridiculous.   Speaking of which, if you're not a fan of having a/your religion poked fun at (for example if you don't appreciate cast members sending double middle-finger salutes towards the heavens) you best steer clear of Book of Mormon.   The quick and dirty: a freshly minted set of teenage Mormon missionaries are divided into pairs and sent out into the world to convert as many reluctant miscreants as they can.  When the class superstar (the next "Joseph Smith") is paired with the helpless but lovable class dunce and sent to Uganda...hilarity ensues.   The star of the show - the class dunce - is supremely over-enthusiastic/hopelessly ill-equipped missionary Elder Cunningham played by Josh Gad.  I found it extremely difficult to go longer than 30 seconds without laughing out loud while he was on stage. While the majority of the show is cleverly crude, in typical Parker/Stone style they manage to mix in a feel-good "can't we accept one another despite our perceived differences" message...that gives them permission to continue throwing those below the belt shots.   BoM is a winner, if you couldn't already tell by the run of 4-5 star reviews (and the ticket prices!)  Go get your laugh on, and say 10 Hail Marys in the morning.
Jesus Christ (of Latter Day Saints), was this an experience! 've only been to a few Broadway shows, but I doubt I'll see anything like this ever again. Be warned, this is NOT a show for the easily offended. I bought tickets a few months ago (pretty standard for continued sold-out shows) and got very good seats in the first row of the mezzanine for a Saturday night showing. The theater isn't overly huge and the seats were cozy. "Cozy" like in real estate terms: small with little leg room. Thank God I'm only average height and it wasn't a major distractor. The sippy cups of red wine eased the pain a bit too. Anyway, from beginning to end, the BoM pulled no punches regarding the Mormon religion (or religion in general), race, sex, AIDS or practically any other hot button topic. Sometimes, I didn't know whether to laugh at the top of my lungs or crawl under my seat and pray for forgiveness, which, if you know me, is saying a lot.   However, all of the actors put on superb performances and the musical numbers are sure to be laughable, sing-a-long classics. BoM was funny, offensive, explicit and sometimes just plain wrong, but definitely a rare treat to see on stage.
Baby Jesus please forgive me for I have sinned.  That's what I kept saying to myself as I left Book of Mormon (BOM) with my jaws hurting from laughing and my mascara running from crying.  I really felt like I needed to go to Church. I knew I was going to be in for it with the creators of South Park and the guy from Avenue Q, but I didn't expect this.  I cant get that freaking song out of my head... "ding dong..HELLO" The First act was moderately funny, but went by fairly quickly.  The Second act is where all the gut-busting laughter takes place.  I couldn't believe some of the stuff they were saying (and I was laughing at).   __________________________________________________­________ 1. If you are Mormon, you are going to be offended.  Hell even if you aren't Mormon chances are you will be offended by at least something. 2. If you are from Uganda DON'T GO.  Seriously this will not do well for your self-esteem. __________________________________________________­________ BOM is a must-see.  You will laugh, cry....cry from laughing I mean, and maybe even get mad (to the big headed man in front of me....douchebag this is the theater not a drive in movie.  Quit kissing your damn mistress and blocking me view)
the "Edgiest show on Broadway" definitely tests the lmits of most people but Im not most people.  Maybe I have a higher threshold for...what are the words im looking for...hysterical comedic intolerence?  Maybe its becasuse I laugh instead of cringe at racist jokes?  Maybe its because I dont take the jokes said here personal.  Or maybe I grew up with a religious background and can laugh at the funny nuances of religion. Either way this was one funny show that im glad that I went to see.  I cant get enough of broadway shows as the people that perform in them are insanely talented.  After watching the show you realize that the whole thing was done in "one take" and that if they did mess up, you had no idea.   This musical is more about the comedy than anything else.  If youre a fan of Southpark, then there is no way you wont enjoy this show.  As far as musicals are concerned I personally enjoyed Wicked and Jersey Boys a little more but this is right up there with them.  I have no complaints about this show except that it is pretty damn hard to get a ticket.  I had bought two tickets almost 10 months ago so if you are wanting to see Book of Mormon without paying 400 on stubhub, place your orders as soon as possible. "The Heavenly Father has chosen you and me...but mostly me!"
Amazing.. worth the outrageous price for good seats!! Couldn't stop laughing & even over a year later I still have some of the lines stuck in my head!  Parts of the show I was covering my mouth as I couldn't believe some of the lines, outrageously humorous and entertaining. Tip: Book months in advance for your desired show date! I've had numerous friends who have tried to score the lottery tickets, I'd suggest you purchase tickets because it's a super slim chance.
OMG, Do not bring your Children, or anybody without a sense of humor. Waited over almost a year to see this, Got tickets last February for this January so I could get good seats. Had no idea what the show was about. I new it was from the creators of South Park so I figured I'd just go and enjoy it. all I can say is I never laughed so hard in a Broadway show!! Now I know what why the show was sold out for a year. Go see it. Don't bother asking why. I'll only say this'll never play in Salt Lake City!
I've been sitting on this review for a week now, and I still can't think of anything clever enough to say. BoM has rendered me completely speechless, but I have to write something. I laughed my ass of the entire time. The talent on stage was unreal, and totally hilarious. "I am Africa" was one of the highlights for me. I almost fell out of my chair when all those white men sang out-I AM AFRICA! The entire play mocks Mormonism and race/religion in general. Its quite vulgar, but so well done that it isn't offensive. I'm so happy my (he doesn't believe in titles) boyfriend didn't sell the tickets as he originally planned. There's something to be said about getting dressed up(heels, and all), having dinner, walking through the city hand in hand to see the best NYC has to offer.  It was the perfect date.  Thanks honey. Xo.
Praise be to Heavenly Father, we won! The Eugene O'Neill theater does a lottery drawing for tickets two hours before each show to allow those less fortunuate an opportunity for seats to this always sold-out show.  Raffle winners are granted 2 front row center seats at a heavily discounted price of $32 per seat.  Considering the 1st row is a 'premium' seat running over $300, that's practically free!  I've wanted to see this since its opening and I about died when my friend's name was the 2nd one drawn from the raffle!  The employees create some suspense by announcing the state in which the winner resides (they ask for that info on the form) before giving the winner's name, which makes it a more entertaining experience. The show was great!  We were so close we could read the actors' LDS name badges, see sweat droplets, microphones camoflauged in the actors' hairline, and all the facial expressions-it was priceless.  The show was done in true South Park fashion; they push the envelope and make it very R rated.   The only reason I'm docking one star (I'd only dock a half star if possible) is not because it wasn't extremely entertaining, but because it was so so vulgar.  And this comes from someone with a bawdy mouth.  So, if blatent sexual references or the F word make you a bit uncomfortable, this is definitely NOT the show for you.
Wow..  We lucked out and got some cancelled tickets.  While they were amazingly expensive, I can not think of any better way to have spent the money.  From the minute the curtain rose we were laughing.  It was everything you would expect from the South Park bunch...  great music, hilarious plot, great characters and so.. so..  wrong.  My wife and I have been walking around singing the songs all week, and finally broke down and bought the sound track (something we have NEVER done even though we have seen many musicals).   The only thing I can say bad about the play is that the lead Josh Gad seemed to be channeling too much Chris Farley for my taste.  But it is still an amazing fun ride. Just go see it, and hasa diga eebowai!
This is what a musical should be - singing, dancing, beautiful scenery, and a great (although potentially blasphemous and not-politically-correct) storyline. As everyone says, it is hilarious and well-performed. Go buy the soundtrack and listen to it. If you are not offended, buy a ticket for one of next year's performances or whenever they stop being sold out.
I have never seen an episode of South Park...There, I said it!  I also have not seen the South Park movie.  So, I didn't know quite what to expect from this show... And I really enjoyed it * The music makes you want to sign along to catchy tunes like "Man up", "I'm an African" and "Baptise me".  Even though the story takes a cynical look at religion, Africa, missionaries etc - somehow, it's still a feelgood story.  I left feeling light-hearted and grinning at the hilarious one-liners.   The characters were likable (sometimes despite themselves) and even the side characters were well-fleshed out - I particularly liked the lead missionary struggling to turn off his "gayness". Go and see it - It had me laughing out loud! *It's not for you if  a) you hate the gratuitious use of the word F*$K or b) You are very religious.
Scrotal Maggots, Fucking Babies, Female Circumcision. If the preceding statements seemed offensive or made you uncomfortable, The Book of Mormon is NOT for you. If you can see how those topics could possibly be funny, try your hardest (sell your body) to get a ticket. If I see another show this funny in my lifetime I will be one very lucky girl.
My dude and I were in NYC visiting some friends and they suggested we try the Book of Mormon lottery.  What's the harm, we were walking that way anyways, etc.  Sure, why not?   TWO OF THE FOUR OF US WON THE LOTTERY!!!  Happiest day eva.  I acted like I had just won the car on the Price is Right and jumped around like a fool.   But it was awesome.  It really was.   I will confess that I'm surprised it's such a big hit.  I'm *not religious at all* and found it pee in my pants funny.  But there were hundreds of people in that room with me all also laughing and I had to wonder if anyone was offended by the jabs at organized religion.   I also confess that I've been singing "shit go in the water, water go in the cup..." in my head since I saw it 2 days ago.   Check it out.  Don't be offended.
SO GOOD! This will cost you and arm and a leg but if you go see ANY Broadway show, and are not too easily offended, this should be it!
This musical definitely lived up to expectations of hilarity! I gave it a four starts because the musical numbers aren't of the high quality that you might find in other musicals e.g. Wicked, Jersey Boys, Phantom, etc. Although the music is certainly unique in nature and will be much more appealing for certain demographics. All that said, this play is certainly not for some people! The experience of getting tickets was pretty fun as well, even though it actually took us 4 hours to get them. Getting tickets online was not possible given that we tried to get them a month out, thus on a Friday night, we got in the cancellations line at 4:30. After several hours of waiting, and not winning the lottery. The producers released tickets for us to get in (5 minutes before curtains up). The people in the box office were great, "lotterydude" was pretty hilarious. I'd definitely recommend doing this, although I was told you're better off showing up around 3 PM to do it. In the end, we were given house seats six rows from stage, thankfully in aisle seats since I am tall and there is NO ROOM between seats for tall people, believe me, practically none. Either way, great show, great experience, worth every penny of the $155 I ended up paying.
I believe....that the Book of Mormon is the best broadway I've seen in a long time. I believe..... that those Africans were saying FU to god.... I believe... That I've never heard so much laughter in a theatre.. Ok ok that's enough Marie If you watch the play you'll see my reference, awesome and amazing show. It will have you laughing the whole time. Everybody that has a problems with it CHILL OUT. (SNL) simma down now! Simma down now!
What are the chances that 2 out of 4 of us win the BOM lottery?  Quite likely apparently.  And that is exactly what happened to us having back to back wins for the last two slots this past Sunday.  And what's great is that all of us got to go and we even got our own private box. With that said, this was also the perfect show to take Natalie S. to see the show as she is not very if at all religious.  And I mus completely agree with her review.  The irony to see that the probability of religious folks being in a show that mocks religion is quite ironic.   Aside from that, I have seen this now twice, and it always hits the spot.  The humor alone within the songs and lines are outrageously funny.  I mean, what could be better than straight up, unadulterated mocking of the behaviours that religion put upon those who follow? Now I must find that HASA DIGA shirt somewhere online.  MUST have!
" Hasa waybo ebo-wai!" Brilliant show. Outstanding actors. Hilarious dialogue, creative songs...Irreverent humor.  Wish they'd film it so I could buy the DVD and watch it over and over and over.
Grand, and totally worth seeing, but not phenomenal, and here's why: SIT CLOSE: It DEFINITELY pays to sit close up to see the ridiculous facial expressions (I lucked into seats in row A, but I'd recommend 5th row or thereabouts).   THE SONGS: Some songs where witty and so funny I was laughing the whole time, others bland... some of Elder Price's and Nabulungi's were just there and could have been more crude or mocking or something more outrageous. THE ELDERS: The gay dancing Mormons where SUCH a highlight.  Elder McKinley (Rory O'Malley) lead an amazing elders ensemble.  My personal favorite was Scott Barnhardt... his expressions are why sitting up close is key!  The leads Elders Price and Cunningham were a good duo, and they played well off each other. VENUE: Small theater means all good seats.  Sippy cups for alcohol means it's an A+ venue to imbibe during the show.  They are really efficient with getting you in and too your seat.   OVERALL: See it, because there is nothing like it on Broadway.  It is funny and entertaining, great for a date or with a big group of friends.
I was so lucky to be able to get tickets to this show!! I had never seen a Broadway show before and this one set the bar extremely high! I was worried that I was getting my hopes up too high since all the reviews just raved about it and it had just won all of the Tonys but I was just blown away.  The entire cast was so extremely talented and were super friendly after the show when everyone was getting their signatures.  The time just flew by, too- I was so engrossed in the music and story that it was over before I knew it. So funny, so entertaining.  Loved every second of it!
I enjoyed this show.  Not immensely, but enough to give it a positive review.  I thought the jokes were a little overdone (by being repeated a zillion times) and by the end they weren't funny anymore.  It definitely had the vibe of Southpark where you know what's going to happen in a scene from the setup but you can't help but laugh when it actually happens.   A friend invited me at the last minute and her sister had ordered the tickets at least six months earlier.  So it's a big wait to get tickets but if you live in NYC then it's no big deal.  I am really glad they invited me and that I saw the show.
Hands down, the only play I've ever liked more than Avenue Q. Hilariously written. AMAZING music. Well acted. Great sets. This was not just hilarious, but an AMAZINGLY legitimate Broadway play. I highly recommend paying the money for it. SEATING: The theatre is pretty small, so you're not missing out too much if you get the seats at the very top. That being said, we had the $100 seats at the bottom row of the top section and they were absolutely perfect. Maybe worth the extra $15-20 or whatever.
A pretty good show, not my favorite of the 4 shows we saw in NYC.  We bought the tickets online before arriving in NYC and as of this writing, the show is not available for 1/2 off pricing when you line up at TKTS.  Of course, neither are discount tickets available for Les Mis or The Wiz and those shows have been out for several years. It's kind of a funny story, not recommended for kids with the swearing and language.  The Eugene O'Neill Theatre is larger than some of the ones we've been in for other shows (Avenue Q, Jersey Boys).  This isn't one of those musicals I feel compelled to see over and over again compared to Les Mis or The Wiz but I would recommend seeing it at least once. Basically, it's a story of youthful, idealistic Mormon male teens off to Africa to convert a village and the problems they encounter while attempting to do so and self-discovery, self-awareness.
Mormon is hilarious, important, beautifully delivered, a must see for theatre fans.  We went on the last day of preview - it was money well spent (Thanks to my wonderful wife) Acerbic whit put to classic show tunes and set dance pieces, fun with a capital F. I am not a musical fan normally, they have to be something special to make it worth the trip for me (Enron was excellent) Personally I find organized religion a cancer on humanity, a cruel joke played by old conservative men in the past in order to control the simple working folk. What I love about this show's quality is the fact it will run and run.....and run. I hope this show goes international and that the same team write another show, even funnier about Scientology, now there's a real funny religion!
amazing!  one  of the best shows I've seen in a while, this is on top of my list right now, right there with Priscilla. I was expecting it to be funny, but they did a great job at making it more than funny, in ways in kind of shockingly inappropriate.  I think this show will give the Tony a nice race.
Easily the highlight of my 8-day stay in Manhattan over the holidays! If seeing this productions is within your financial means, stop wasting time reading Yelp reviews and buy your tickets now. Also, if not too late, resist the urge to watch anything about this musical online before you see it! Just get there!
AWESOME show. My husband and I had the pleasure of seeing it on Saturday afternoon after buying tickets four months ago. We have the soundtrack so we were already familiar with the songs. But seeing them staged adds to the hilarity and feel of the song so much more. In fact seeing a few of them staged makes me appreciate them more now, such as "Man Up",  "Turn It Off" and "Spooky Mormon Hell Dreams". We had the good fortune to see most of the original cast with the exception being Josh Gad (Elder Cunningham). While it would have been great to see him in that role, we thought his understudy did a fantastic job. Of course, Andrew Rannells (Elder Price), Rory O'Malley (Elder McKinley), and Nikki M. James (Nabulungi) killed it! I got chills watching Andrew Rannells sing "I Believe" which is my favorite song from the show. Run (do not walk) and get tickets. I know they are hard to get, but it is definitely worth the effort and price (our tickets were $150 each before fees).
Offensive in every way and the most wonderful show I have seen. My slightly off center humor was satisfied with this show that seemed to make fun of every single type of person there is. Don't worry. Mormons aren't the only joke of this show! The music was just fantastic. The lyrics clever. The sets were just amazing. There is not a bad seat in this theatre and definitely a show I hope to return to!
This show is fantastic. I was a huge South Park fan in middle/high school and have continued to watch it throughout college and my adult life.  I had expected the show to be very similar to the Mormon episode of South Park, but it was completely different, but perfect. We got tickets in October 2011 and finally got to see the show March 2012.  It was 100% worth the wait.  I hope that I can eventually see it again because it was right up my alley.  The songs, sets and story were all amazing and hilarious.
Great show but prob ruined by everyone talking about how friggin hysterical it is.  All the hype just built up a much too high expectation, followed by somewhat of a letdown. So let me help you by saying only that you'll enjoy it and lets leave it at that. Oh, and don't bring anyone who gets offended for anything because they pretty much attack it all. There. Now I'm done.
This show is hilarious. If you're going to be easily offended or don't have a sense of humor then just save yourself the $ cause tickets are expensive. Cleaver plot and I laughed my butt off. I took one star off for the venue.... I spent almost $350  after fees for a pair of seats in the 3rd to last row that were smaller than an airplane seat... I'm 5'7 and my knees were touching the seat in front of me the whole time... can I get some space for my money please. If there would have been a 'plus sized' person next to me I def would have been sat on the entire time... no bueno. I get it you're trying to make money/squeeze as many people in as possible but my gosh it was terribly uncomfortable.
I'm not going to lie -- I occasionally enjoy gloating to friends who don't live here about the awesome things I get to do in NYC. But guess what? With "Book of Mormon" and its now-near-impossibility of getting tickets, I got to also gloat to friends in the area! A win-win, really. In all seriousness, this is an incredibly done musical on so many levels, and the pitch-perfect casting will absolutely blow your mind. And, as usual, the fantastic thing about Matt and Trey's comedy writing is that they make it look easy while sliding in some incisive social commentary in the process. (Try that, "Mary Poppins.") Personally, I think it's kind of comical that there's a parental advisory on the tickets -- if you watch "South Park," the offensiveness is pretty much on par with what you'd see there. Probably avoid bringing your grandma, unless your grandma is the hippest human being alive.
The BEST musical i have ever seen! It was the most wonderful experience especially since we brought our friends along that used to be mormons - they had such a range of emotions from crying to laughing! Truly spectacular acting, singing and dancing - it all flowed so nicely and was really perfect. A must see. (It  does help to know a little bit about the mormon church and history) you will then find it funny.
Lucked out with front-row center mezz tickets that a buddy had to get rid of.  He bought them 6-8 months ago, and had someone bail on him, so we got them at face value.  Doesn't look like there's a bad seat in the house but these were exceptional, and /might/ have colored my impression of the show. This was bar none the most hilarious musical I've ever seen.  I'm not sure any group is left unscathed, whether it's Mormons, Americans and their views of Africa, Disney, Broadway, Church Leadership, etc etc.  It is absolutely offensive (if you have delicate sensibilities, which I mostly lack) from start to finish, but the core themes are actually (surprisingly!) very uplifting and meaningful.  They definitely get to sensory overload level with a couple of numbers, "Spooky Mormon Hell Dream" being one of them. I can't get "Hasa Diga" and "I Believe" out of my head, they're so brilliant.  Great music, biting humor, and inspiring and uplifting core messages earn this thing 5 starts.  Plan your trip to NYC around this, you won't be disappointed.
Possibly the funniest show ever.  I was dying laughing.  100% Worth seeing with the cast it has now.  Great sound track.   Tickets have to be booked 5-6 months in advance, especially if you want a weekend show.
If you're on a budget and want to see this performance and aren't lucky with lotteries, I recommend to go and get tickets for the standing row option (SRO). To prep up for the wait, I read a few blogs on what to expect. Some people said they got there around 7-8, but when I go there at 8am I was the first person in line. The standing row option is not bad at all. After you get your ticket you will have a designated place to stand. The spots are labeled on the railing, so if you get tired you can lean on that (I leaned on it most of the time). Tickets are sold 1 hour before the performance and they usually issue 20-30 spots. You are eligible to purchase 1 to 2 tickets per person. Tickets are $27 each.
I've been dying to see this show since I heard it was opening.  My husband found us tickets on ebay, last minute as an anniversary gift. What a gift!  He normally doesn't like musicals (Avenue Q was his exception), but he laughed through out the whole thing and even said that the songs made it better. I was in tears laughing during the "Joseph Smith American Moses" number.  The songs are so witty, the actors were fantastic, the dialog moved well and the set worked well for the show.  I've taken to listening to the soundtrack during my cardio workouts, but it's sometimes hard to fight the urge to do jazz hands. But, if you don't like cursing, then you probably shouldn't see the show.   Hands down the most hilarious show I've ever seen (movie, musical, TV, anything.)  If you have the chance to go, don't pass it up! I saw Josh Gad on the street the night before our showing, after seeing him at The Daily Show taping the night before (he is a correspondent and came to the set that day), I made eye contact with him and he said "hi there"  :)   I hope the show tours because I will see it again and again! Side note, the line for the restroom looked TERRIBLE, but it moved really fast because they have like 10 stalls!
Would love to see them try and do this with Muslims... yeah enough said! I am NOT a Mormon but have some really good friends that are and they walk the walk everyday, truly amazing people!! I know this was supposed to be satire and I am sure it was funny to many people, including religious, but just cause you know Mormons are too polite and humble to say anything back about this mocking of their religion, doesn't make it ok in my mind. Would love to see a conservative playwright like David Mamet make a musical making fun of all the crazy leftists out there, he could have a field day with that one, now that would be funny!!
Great show. Saw it tonight. I see A LOT of theater. This is the big ticket this year. In my opinion, see this musical, maybe see Anything Goes, Lion King, etc. Then see a play...nothing else is worth it. This show is filled with cursing. I mean, one of the songs has the lyrics "F**k You God" repeatedly so if you're not ok with that, don't go. I loved the leads. They were awesome and deserved tony nominations. My husband thought that Josh Gad was robbed of the best actor in a musical category (since we also so Norbert's and thought he was 'fine'). I loved the music of this show. Right from the opening number, there were numerous songs that I could hum the melody to once leaving the theater. My husband's favorite part of the show were the orchstrations/arrangements. Robert Lopez did it again! What a great show!
What a disgusting piece of crap. I was embarrassed for the fine actors and saddened to watch the mature audience's giddy reaction to the most degrading 7th grade humor one can think of. And all to make fun of a religion that has done so much good in the world and give it a black eye that it does not deserve, and I am not Mormon nor a church goer. I felt like I needed a shower as I left the theater.
Things I pride myself on: Being irreverent, cursing loudly in public, musicals, making up stories, group dance scenes, the writers for South Park, Broadway shows. So with The Book of Mormon and me, things were natural. This musical is the best thing you can do if you are craving a laugh. Get    to     the      theaterrrrrrrrr NOW!
1) I adore Mormons. 2) As one who is musically retarded, Broadway makes me pretty happy. 3) 1+ 2 = why I loved Book of Mormon, and am still humming the opening number to myself three days later. Note -- it's like watching any other Stone/Parker production...so it's crude in a way that is funny and a lil cringeworthy at the same time. Leave grandma at home...unless she's down with songs about words I can't bring myself to post.
Hello! My name is Elder John.  And I would like to share with you the most fantastic show that is currently on Broadway. Once the offensive jokes started, it was an all out (holy eff, they said what?) front of hillarious entertainment.   This show isn't for those who are takes serious offense to religion or profanity.  The cast was amazing, especially the chubby follower and unheralded hero Elder Cunningham. I overheard a lady in the next aisle seeing this play for the 6th time and now I can tell why. It's easy for a show of this popularity to sell out 6 months in advance and not for cheap either. A MUST SEE!! Hope you have a great Latter Day...
Very few times I've been left speechless, this is one of those times! If you have not seen Book of Mormon, I highly recommend it! I've seen many reviews and one word continues to pop up more often than any other word. BRILLIANT! I agree! It was brilliant!
Absolutely amazing show!!  It's very well written, the songs are catchy, the actors hilarious!  It's also so offensive, that no one gets offended!!!  I mean, i sat next to an older couple that very well could be my parents... and they were laughing their asses off! Tickets are super expensive, and it's super hard to find.  We paid 300 bucks per person for a seat in the back of the orchestra... way back!  Still enjoyed very much.  I hope they come to LA sometimes soon, and I'll definitely go see it again (hopefully cheaper... ^^;;) Don't go see Wicked, or Lion King, or chitty chitty bang bang or whatever... go see Book of Mormon!  Won't regret it!
Ding-Dong Hello..... THE funniest show on Broadway, IF you're not Mormon, too religious and you have a sense of humor. Tickets are scarce so you may have to buy in secondary marketplace but the theater is not too big and there don't seem to be any bad seats. Don't take your Mormon mom or granny. NSFK.
There's a reason this show is still the hottest ticket on Broadway - even a year after it won the Tony Award for Best Musical. Hilarious and cleverly written with EXTREMELY catchy songs. Beware.  This masterpiece was thought up by the creators of South Park.  Expect crudeness and crassness (but that's what makes it AMAZING!).   Stand outside the stage door and you may catch some actors to sign your Playbill and take pictures with!
I love South Park and a devoted fan of Stone/ Parker duo.Book of Mormon was on my wish list and I finally persuaded my very religious friend to go and see it with me. for certain reason I expected it to be very similar to SP series with their dry sarcasm, witty jokes, and laid back mature language. Book of Mormon in some ways was similar to SP since they also love making fun of organized religion yet the jokes were more optimistic, childish and upbeat than the south park's. I memorized all the songs by heart and was singing along with the actors ( im sure my neighboors in the theater appreciated it a lot) Show is unbelieveably funny, vibrant  and has a strong morale and touching finale. I got double kick ut of the experience due to my religious friend whose face turned purple/red during some part of the show. It feel good to drag someone out of their comfort zone.
Outrageously funny. So clever how they intertwine comedy from the spoken scenes into the songs. And the music is pretty good too, spoofing other famous musicals. Lyrics are genius at times. The play pokes fun at just about every sensitive subject category there is. I recommend you actually look up some facts about Mormon culture before watching the play. It will make subtle inside jokes much funnier. It also helps if you are very VERY open minded. If you're trying the lottery, don't expect to win on your first try. You'll be competing with potentially 200 people on some days. Sunday seems like the best chance. The front row seats are worth it though, much better than paying $400+
Good show. I did not like the song that insulted God...it was a bit much and the crowd didn't laugh that much at it. Other than that great show. Hopefully the directors can find a country other than Africa to make a joke about it. Because in 2014...africa is not the only country infested with AIDS...we could take the domestic route with that issue.
Do not go to this show!...if you are a sensitive person. It's about mormons but it will also offend christians etc.  It was so dang funny and edgy. I loved it and I don't usually care for musicals. WAAAAAY over priced though.
One word. Amazing.  Ever since the Tony's last year, we had wanted to see this. It was great when I was surprised by my other half with tickets to the show over the Halloween weekend. Side by side tickets were impossible to get, but we got seats in front & behind of eachother. We were in the balcony, but had a good view. From the Mormon temple surrounding the stage to the moons & planets around the theatre, the stage was set. When the first song began, it hooked me. The cast was perfect, and the music is superb. We were a little bummed to see that Josh Gad's character had an understudy that night, but you never would have known. Wow. Great cast, amazing music, and the story works well. I may have felt a little bad about laughing so much, but hey, I'm probably already going to hell. At least I'll have a bunch of friends there to hang out with! Definitely worth the money. Can't wait to see it again!
Loved it!  I'm a huge fan of musicals, and while I'm not really a fan of South Park (I don't think I've seen an episode in 10 years), I think Matt and Trey are brilliant and daring.  I also know that they love and respect the musical format, and I trusted that they would do it right.  They did. My wife and I planned a trip from Boston solely to see this show, and we went home happy.   I had listened to the recording quite a few times before seeing the show, and I'm happy to say the set design, acting, and dancing are the equal of the arrangement and vocals.  Specifically, numbers like 'Turn it Off', 'Man Up', and 'All-American Prophet' were pitch-perfect old school Broadway numbers.  And 'Tomorrow is a Latter Day' ranks up there with the best closing numbers of any show I've seen. My one (small) regret is that listening to the recording beforehand spoiled some of the tense moments.  Particularly, when the Ugandans announce their intentions to perform an interpretation of the Book of Mormon to the Mission President, the audience gasped in fear for Josh Gad's character, imagining how poorly the African rendition would be received.  No one in the audience could have imagined just how over-the-top insane "Joseph Smith, American Moses" actually is, and I wish I could have been surprised along with them.  But that's my fault for giving myself spoilers, and it's a very minor regret on top of an overwhelmingly positive experience. If you can get tickets, see this show.
TERRRRRRIBLE!!! UNfunny, pathetic excuse for a Broadway show.  I didn't expect much (my friend got the tickets as a gift) but it was even WORSE than I imagined. I was hoping it might be a humorous take on the eccentricities of the Mormon church (and of organized religion in general).  Alas, it was just awful. The lead character's shtick wore thin in about 5 minutes and became painfully annoying. Sorry but the jokes were just DUMB - not even funny.  I really, really wanted to leave at intermission but I didn't want to offend the person who brought me so I stayed.  Turned out she hated it too! We were forced to share a $13 plastic cup of wine in order to make the situation more tolerable.   If your idea of humor is jokes about diarrhea, maggots, raping babies and genital mutilation then perhaps you'll like it. Basically its the humor of a 14 year old boy. A mean, dumb, prepubescent, pimply-faced, bratty, White boy who picks on everyone. I've heard wittier and more intelligent jokes from homeless panhandlers.  WTF?! I seriously question of the sanity, taste and intellect of anyone who enjoys this. DO NOT WASTE A PENNY ON THIS GARBAGE! Donating a dollar to a toothless junkie to buy smack would be money better spent.  Seriously.
Whenever my husband turns on an episode of South Park, I usually groan and leave the room, so when he asked if we could see "The Book of Mormon" on our most recent trip to NYC, I didn't know quite how to react.  I do not even know how to put into words how glad I am that I agreed to seeing this musical, as it was one of the best productions I have EVER seen!   This show is not for everyone as there is a high usage of profane language and content, but if you can let your inhibitions, and perhaps a bit of morality, go for one night at the theatre you are sure to enjoy this musical.  The plot is clever, the music is catchy, and the Cast was oozing with talent; the perfect recipe for a Tony award winning musical.  The entire audience was on its feet applauding before the first ensemble member came out for a bow; this production is a win!
Great reviews from critics on this new musical that hit the stage just a couple of weeks ago from the creators of South Park and Avenue Q. We bought tickets almost a month ago, and can only get mezzanine tickets. But the theatre is small, so the view from the mezzanine was good enough. Funny, yes. In typical South Park humor. It was enjoyable, but maybe my expectations were too high. Given the creators, I was expecting more. I thought the lines were a little too "safe". Maybe because it's a religious topic and on Broadway, they were treading safe. Maybe the bitch in me thought the lines would be meaner/funnier. LOL. The second half picked up much better. Definitely a must-watch if you are a South Park fan. My friend who is one, thoroughly enjoyed it.
Great show.  If you have trouble seeing how South Park could possibly translate to the Broadway stage, stop trying.  This is a whole different experience. It definitely appeals to a lot of the same sense of humor, but it ends up being a lot less biting (and maybe even more crass, in some ways).  Matt and Trey definitely have a talent for musical-writing.  And the musical numbers, while maybe not the focus, are amazingly fun and hilarious. My one reservation is that in order to write good satire, you have to be extremely informed about the topic you're making fun of... And there was a lot of material that, to me, made it seem like the writers were operating on archaic and even dangerous stereotypes instead of an informed perspective from which to create critical comedy.  A lot of the portrayal of Africa and Ugandans fell into that category. Still, the cast is so talented and well-chosen... Definitely one of the best shows I've ever seen on Broadway!
Really, really funny... but not the greatest musical ever performed, despite a lot of over-the-top hype.   I am a huge fan of Trey and Matt, and my sense of humor is pretty much as vulgar as it gets.  I won't lie, I laughed a LOT during this show.  I loved some of the songs, I loved just about every actor and every character, the moral is wonderful and the staging was a lot of fun. But I had some complaints:   First, I said I liked just about every actor... and unfortunately the one exception was the leading man.  Josh Gad is not a good singer.  He makes it from note to note, sure, but the tone of his voice is grating and wrong for the stage.  His physical comedy skills are weak; he doesn't throw himself into his movements like the Chris-Farleyesque-ball-of-energy I wanted from an awkward-heavyset-type lead.  Jack Black... he would have nailed this part, as would I'm sure a large number of stage actors.  Plus I just didn't understand his character.  His "awkward" was so undefined and all over the place that I could barely keep up. Second: The music just isn't good enough.  Some of it was terrific, especially the first handful of songs as well as "I Believe" near the end... but others like "Salt Lake City," "Man Up," "Baptize Me," and "Spooky Mormon Hell Dream" were a big let down.  Such a shame considering the amazing musical that was South Park: The Movie. This is a four-star review.  I really enjoyed myself, and I'd recommend going.  But let's keep the hyperbolic praise down just a touch; there are definitely things upon which this show could improve.
Irreverent, hilarious and wonderful.   Got the tickets in September for my mother's 75th birthday.  The theater is small so even though we were in mezzanine we still had perfect view of the stage.   The voices were incredible.  Josh Gad has such a range to his voice.  It was wonderful. Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, and Matt Stone deserved their Tonys. I put this right up there with Avenue Q, Spamalot and Urinetown which is still my favorite.
Absolutely HILARIOUS! Got to watch them on the first row from the lottery, which is super awesome, got spit on a few times from their intense singing, not too fond of that. Everyone should bring their mom's and kids to this. Make it a family event! The singing and acting was amazing!!! If you're sensitive to race, swear words, sexual content, or anything that isnt rated G, GO TO THIS SHOW SO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE MISSING!
I've wanted to see this long enough and badly enough that my date and I got there at 9:30AM on a Sunday to wait for day-of SRO tickets.  Everything came together to make it a great experience:  weather was good, company was good, and we got there at the perfect time to not have to worry about if we'd get tickets or not.  The line got longer and longer, so I definitely recommend getting there around 8-9AM if you're going to SRO route.  (Lottery ticket winners are announced 1.5 hours before show, SRO tickets go on sale an hour before show and are about $27.)  Even though we stood during the performance, we had rails to lean on and the time flew by. Production was great--I'd heard so many good things and it did not disappoint.  Ran about two and a half hours with intermission, and as you likely know by now it's fantastically irreverant and hilarious.  Just when you think they've said the craziest thing they could--nope, they can go even further!  I preferred the second act to the first, as it's able to build on itself and all come full circle. Even with the long wait and the standing, I'm so glad I was able to see it.  Definitely check this out if you can!
Absolutely hilarious. "Tomorrow is a latter day - and I am here for yooooooooooouuu!!"
If I had one word to describe The Book of Mormon, it would be "shocking!" I knew that Trey Parker, et. al. were responsible for the creative behind this show, and that the gayer gay guy from the now-deceased "The New Normal" show used to star on it, but I wasn't quite prepared for the inappropriate and crude humor. Not to say that I didn't still love the musical! I was entertained from beginning to end, and having Mormon cousins/aunties/uncles, I could appreciate the humor. If you're visiting NYC, as I was last year, and you only have time to see one or two Broadway shows, I would say you should definitely consider The Book of Mormon. They packed so much into the 2+ hour show that it was definitely worth the price of the ticket.
"ORLANDO............................." Small venue, cramped seating, long lines = HELL YES I WOULD GO AGAIN! One of the best experiences you could ever have, and this is coming from someone who sat in the 2nd to last row upper mezz.  Worth every single stinking expensive penny you had to throw down to get a ticket.  I could not stop laughing,  and enjoyed not only the show but the faces the audience made as some of the more crude jokes flowed. Seriously, did you not read about the topic of this play??? I am excited to see the touring version when it comes to Seattle since I don't live in NY, but I know nothing will compare to the night I got to see it @ the Eugene with the Broadway cast. **TIP**  When you buy your tickets, probably from a broker like stubhub or elsewhere and they say limited view of the rear stage, don't worry about it!  All of the seats looked great and since the theater is so small you won't have an issue, well unless you are just that damn picky.
MUST see! As someone who grew up on the west coast where Mormons literally ride their bikes, come knock on your door in their little suits and ties, and try to preach to you...I can definitely appreciate the humor of this play. My boyfriend who grew up in the upper east side and is not as familiar with the Mormons didn't find it as funny as I did. love, love, love the book of mormon! Just be aware that it is definitely offensive and crude...after all the creators of South Park made the play. Don't say I didn't warn you! If you have a great sense of humor this is the musical for you!
Brilliant!  I'm a huge fan of Matt Stone & Trey Parker as it is.  I've always thought they were musical as well as comedic geniuses and they've outdone themselves.  It's funny to think of this material standing along side the traditional Broadway greats, but it does.  Very funny and enjoyable.  Not as mean spirited as you may expect.  People in the audience that I did NOT expect to be laughing were loving it! Great show.  I highly recommend it!
I LOVED this play. It was hilarious! It's done by the same people who do South Park, so if you like South Park, I would definitely recommend seeing this. However if you are easily offended, I would not recommend you see this. It makes fun of religion, especially the Mormon religion. The seating was very cramped, but it was definitely worth it!
The most delightful, hilarious 2.5 hours I have ever encountered. This show is genius. I'm so glad I was able to see it and I hope when it becomes a traveling show, I can get tickets closer to home. I suggest that you buy tickets to this show, purchase airline tickets to New York, find a hotel and do it. Even if just for the weekend. It is totally worth it. I've been listening to the cast recording non stop and can't get the songs out of my head and the visualization of the musical is alive in my head. Love, love, love.
Smiling from ear to ear! The songs still haunt my mind randomly throughout the day and my humming brings back all the happy memories from the show. Go. See. It. The only show we wanted to watch on our trip to NYC. I was brave enough to grab a place in line for SRO seats while my husband was at work. Got there 1230pm and I was 13th in line on a Wednesday. Met great people and chatted for 5 hrs before grabbing 2 tickets! SRO has amazing views!! And for $27/ea. It was superb. The theater was small so any seat even in the far back had great views in my opinion. We loved the satire and fantastic performances by Josh Gad and Andrew Rannels. It made us and everyone else (that was around us at least) leave with gigantic smiles on our faces. It truly made us 'happy'. Ok I'm not saying that this is the most-awesome-greatest show-ever-on the face of the planet-and-must watch-before you die-kind of show, come on. BUT if you appreciate South Park humor and consider yourself open minded, you WILL love this show. You will LOVE IT. I can't wait for them to come tour SF, I will definitely be seeing it again.
Incredible show!!! First, watching a socialite walk out wad entertaining, but realize you may get offended. Second, this was a well done play. The guys from Avenue Q really helped give this play a lot of substance, but Trey Parker and Matt Stone's vision has great set, greater costumes and the greatest songs. South Park was a big part of my life growing up and I am so happy to see that it's creators are still full of original  (though the play does borrow from some of their early work) ideas. Go see this show. You will laugh till it hurts, sometimes because you know you probably shouldn't be laughing.
Wow, If you only see one(1) show on your trip to New York, this should be it! My expectations might have been too low for this, So how good it was, surprised me.    It was F'ing Great  (when you see the show , you will know why :) Every curtain ended in some loud clapping. On our show, it ended in a loud Standing Ovation ... and they auctioned off a Framed/Signed Poster of the show (for Charity) that someone paid $2,500.00 for!  double wow. But, that's the kind of night it was. It's a small Theatre (Eugene O' Neill on 49th. ,8th and B'way)  so, there are probably no bad seats.  We sat on the Front Mezz (highly recomended , but not nessasary) ... I like the seats right by the edge, in the middle. This show surprised me,  and that's a good thing ... and hard to do  . :)
What more can be said about this show??  See it if you can.  My sneaky discount loving self had a tough time with getting tickets for this show.  Number 1, the tickets sell out wayyy ahead of time and I am no good on the planning months ahead of time front, and number 2 the lottery was hard and time consuming :( If like me you are impatient, this is a show worth splurging on.  Try stubhub for last minute tickets that pop up (that's what we did).
Yes! My friend stood in line for 4 hours to get 2 standing room tickets for The Book or Mormon. I can't say much about this show. You definitely have to watch it yourself to get the full gist of what everyone is raving about. While standing in line there was a couple that told us they've watched the show a solid 15 times. I don't know if I'd rewatch the show again but from my experience the show was amazing. The jokes were a bit crude but never the less funny as hell. The song numbers were entertaining all throughout the 2 hours. Never once did I get bored. The sitting tickets are very pricy but if you have 4 hours to kill on a good day, and can stand for 2 hours through the show, definitely go for some standing tickets. You get a good view of the show for less than $30.
This review is of the February 26th preview show.. although I doubt much will change. The Book of Mormon was probably the best experience I've ever had at a musical.  By the time it was over I had laughed until I cried, I had pieces from every song stuck in my head, and my boyfriend and I quoted lines back and forth for the rest of the night and for the next few days.   Knowing that this musical was a collaboration involving Trey Parker and Matt Stone, the creators of South Park, you should already be prepared for what to expect.  Raunchy yet clever comedy was abundant, and the songs and dance numbers were fantastic.  All of the cast did a great job, and I was particularly amused to hear Josh Gad do some of the same vocal tendencies Trey Parker does when singing (compare the "Man Up" song to "Now You're a Man".. that's the only way I can even begin to describe it).  The story was solid and entertaining, and pacing was good. The theatre is relatively small, so I think you will get a good view from any seat.  If you have the opportunity, grab it and go see this show!!
HILARIOUS!!!! We were lucky to get in with the lottery but after watching it, I'd pay actual price to watch it again! I never laughed so much out loud my face muscles were soar the next day.
"I woke up"- Elder Price "Of course you did, you drank 12 cups of coffee!!!"- Elder Cunningham FANTASTIC SHOW! Beautiful theater.
Hilarious, relevant, modern, in your face sarcasm. Loved every minute of it!
"I... am Jesus" ::in Cartman's voice:: AWESOME show! It was super rude, but definitely not as bad as I expected it to be. We won lottery tickets to it, too! So great, probably the best show on Broadway right now.
I laughed throughout the entire show.  So wrong, but so funny.  The creators of South Park have been working on this for a long time and it was worth the wait.  Add a little Avenue Q help in music and the show became a genius.   "I have maggots in my scrotum" was by far one of my favorite parts.  This show was very entertaining!
OMG!! The show was quick witted and full of suprises., Had Plenty of Avenue Q overtones, especially  the songs( like MAN UP). The cast was having a great time and so was the audience! Not sure I would recommend it to my Mormon friends . I and my 24 year old son thought it was great. Lots of talent in this cast . Don't miss it!
This show will make you laugh, cry, and think. The South Park guys are always amazing in their commentary, as well as their sincerity. Fans of South Park will immediately notice that The Book of Mormon has the same tone and feel. The songs get stuck in your head and you'll still be thinking about all the best moments in the show hours after you've left. We paid 300+ dollars to sit in the mezzanine... worth it. My favorite musical now. Not for kids though. But this is pretty standard fare for South Park viewers.
One of the best broadway shows I've seen on a looong time! Smart, funny, and social commentary at its best!
Serving mediocrity to the masses! You gotta give credit where credit is due. The producers have found the ultimate way to make fast cash--cheap, toilet humor that smacks of what we see on TV today (read: Honey Boo Boo, Real Housewives,and coming soon I am sure......Celebrity Gynecological Examinations).  $350 dollars per person to sit through this?  What a rip off. A complete embarassment. For me? No thank you. For the producers, hey, if this trash can be a success, and they can rip off the public under the guise of "musical comedy", then Joseph Smith bless 'em......LOL!
This is by far the worst show I have ever seen in my life.  And lets start by stating that I do not get offended easily.  I'm a long time New Yorker (enough said) I can pretty much handle anything, I have seen it all and the "F" word happens to be my most favorite of words but this show is a mockery to all that sit and laugh at the most merciless acts of cruelty that the human species is capable of.  I feel the only joke that the clever South Park writers are laughing at is how easy it is to manipulate an entire audience into laughing at the most ruthless topics: Hitler, Jeffrey Dahmer, genital mutilation, Rape, AIDS, shall I go on?   The classic line of "F@#K You God" wasn't what bothered me or even the constant racial or gay jokes; I've heard them all before but the only thing I found funny is that if any one of the audience members sitting there laughing their little tushies off repeated the very topics they were laughing at out loud elsewhere, they'd quickly be frowned upon, shun, fired or sued.   I'm a classic show-goer and I've seen plenty, been going to shows for the last 20 years so I'm a bit perplexed after this show.  It was downright horrible.  I'll give it 2 points for the gorgeous theater and the two lead actors were quite good.  The rest of the show was painful to watch.  The dancing: Terrible!  Singing: Average: Costumes: BORING! Cast: Just below Average!  With all this I'm left believing that cutie pie writers Trey Parker and Robert Lopez either put the joke on you to see how much pathetic BS they can shovel onto a stage and getaway with charging $350 a seat for (that is the only thing hilarious about the Book of Mormon) or they basically lost any writing skills they once had in a bong somewhere.  I had high hopes for this show but it was a waste of money and time. No talent in this show! Lastly I'd like to say: Shame on all those that sit and laugh at the mocking of disease, rape and some of the cruelest inhumane events that have caused the most excessive suffering to individuals affected by them!
So the show was a 5 star but since the sound in the theater and the sound management was so poor you could only hear half of the dialogue.  Since the show is a comedy that really depends on hearing the words to catch the nuances, it was a bit disappointing since we paid full price for center stage.  Would love to see it again and hear all the amazing jokes and writing. The actors were amazing and the venue was intimate.
I definitely fall into the target audience for this one (not everyone will though, you should really read about it to make sure it is something you may like). Having said that I was concerned it might not meet my expectations, but I was very happy to see that it exceeded them. Very clever, catchy music (bought the soundtrack after), extremely funny and entertaining. Many moments where I just had to grin at the cleverness of the whole show. In addition, there were more laugh at loud moments than in any other show I have seen. It has a lot of vulgarity, so make sure you don't mind that.
Hilarious! It seems that many people do not realize that a comedy with this title is sacrilegious, so be warned(?). I haven't laughed this much in a very long time.
WOW!  I've not laughed so hard in a long time.  I am an ex-missionary and this play hit on so many notes exactly how some of this really is... finally, someone had the "stones" to "say it out load". The music, acting and singing are top notch!! I'm so very impressed... (must be, I spent almost $200 in t-shirts)... and I'll see this one again!!! I suppose there are those (even in my family) that would be incredibly offended by this... to those folks I can only say.... "Turn It Off" -or- "Hasa Diga!"
What would you expect from the creators of South Park?  It's hilarious.  Go if you can find a ticket, and expect to cough up the dough.  Well worth it for me.
Amazing
.
I'm a huge fan of Trey Parker and Matt Stone especially whenever they diverge from fart jokes into political or religious satire. You really don't need my five star review to know it's good, BoM won Best Musical after all... but yes I approve! Highlight songs for me were "Turn it Off", "I Believe" and of course "Hasa Diga Eebowai" which translates to f-u God. I have no idea how the cast keeps their energy up show after show, but last Saturday at 2pm they brought their A-game. The theater is beautiful too, though the bathroom situation is annoying (the line did move quickly during intermission). Tickets are hard to get at face value these days, but you can get them marked up from ticket brokers/scalpers.
I have seen this play twice now in NYC and will see it a third time next year in Las Vegas.  It is hands down a must see.  It is the most amazing, most outrageous thing you will ever see.  It's offensive, has great music, is non stop laughter.  If you are offended by jokes about religion this is not for you.  But, if you want maximum entertainment for your dollar this is it.  Awesome!!!
Excellent!!!  Really funny. Our great pricey tickets turned out to be a bit too close so watch that - a few rows back would have been better. But the show - well it's a winner and a must see
I was in New York a year ago trying to decide whether Jamie W. and I should see "The Book of Mormon" or "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark". Truth be told, the decision was made for us since "Mormon" was sold out until September. Our punishment was having to sit through "Spider-Man" sober and with a lingering fear of young men in spandex falling on us. A year has passed, and I was determined to see this show, dammit, so I was able to get tickets for us over Memorial Day weekend. Was it worth the yearlong wait and another trip back east? Oh yes, I believe... I BELIEVE!... I AM AFRICA!  OK, it's not the most musically memorable show I've ever seen (...I need some Sondheim for that), but it's probably the funniest production I've seen since at least "The Producers". Hasa Diga Eebowai! But this goes one better because it's not based on an existing movie and I had no idea how the plot was going to develop. As hilariously inappropriate and thoroughly irreverent as the show is, it surprised me the most that Trey Parker and Matt Stone would be such old-fashioned softies when it comes to musical comedy. There's a genuine warmth to the strenuously excessive characters and situations, so much so that I very nearly cried at the ending as much from joy as laughter. Teaming with Robert Lopez, who co-wrote the music and lyrics for "Avenue Q", was a masterstroke. Together, they've created something fresh, original and tuneful in that Barney-meets-South Park kind of a way with snatches of "Wicked" and "The Lion King". The plot centers on two young Mormon missionaries fresh out of training - golden boy Elder Price and social outcast Elder Cunningham - who are selected to go to Uganda for their first assignment. Cunningham sees the chance for a true friendship, while Price starts to have an emotional meltdown when he realizes he can't be transferred to his dream location of Orlando. That leaves Cunningham in charge of securing baptism candidates among the local villagers where the other on-site Mormons have failed. This resigned group is led by Elder McKinley who is a severe closet case determined to "Turn It Off" when the impulse strikes him. Since Cunningham hasn't actually read the Book of Mormon (too boring to him), he makes up fantastical, sci-fi-laced lies about how great the Mormon religion is and inspires a local girl named Nabulungi to convert and dream of moving to "Sal Tlay Ka Siti" (Salt Lake City). Constantly terrorized by a local despot with an unspeakable name, the other villagers follow suit. Word gets back to Mormon headquarters how successful Cunningham has been, but then his web of innocent deception gets exposed in a hilariously lurid pageant. From the perky opener "Hello" to the elaborate nightmare of "Spooky Mormon Hell Dream" featuring the likes of Hitler and Jeffrey Dahmer, Lopez keeps the music and lyrics buoyant and clever. Jamie and I were lucky to see the original stars in the final weeks of their performances. As Price and Cunningham, Andrew Rannells and Josh Rad were picture-perfect in their roles with Rad particularly endearing in his unexpected transformation into missionary leader. Nikki M. James is ebullient and charming as Nabulungi whose name Cunningham hysterically bastardizes about a dozen different ways in the show. Rory O'Malley manages to steal all his scenes as the closeted McKinley. Even though Rannells and Gad will be gone in the next week, the musical more than stands on its own. Whether the production is on Broadway or in the upcoming national tour, do yourself a favor and buy your tickets now. Otherwise you'll get maggots in your scrotum.
Offensive and brilliant in every way. I was taken for my birthday and it was the best present! GO SEE IT! (unless you are really sensitive or religious)
If you're looking for a typical, trite, Broadway song and dance with high production quality and great on-stage talent, this show is for you.  If you're looking for an edgy indictment of organized religion as I was, save your cash, because, a sprinkling of profanity and a few crowd-pleasing pelvic thrusts just don't get the job done.
See it.....
There was so much hype about TBOM so I expected it to be SO clever and funny.  Also expected that Mormonism and religion in general would be made fun of unendingly and could've handled that.  Wasn't prepared for one song lasting 4 or 5 minutes, the lyrics of which were "F___ You, God"  or jokes about cancer and the rape of babies. I kept waiting for the show to become hilarious, and for me, it never got there.  I'll be more careful in the future about believing that because a show is hyped so much, that I'm going to enjoy it. Disgusted and feeling ripped off.
Ok, we can close yelp , dear god, book of mormon only got 4 and a half stars. This was, without a any doubt ,  the funniest ,  most brilliant thing i have ever seen. No matter how much you will pay for your tickets, it will be worth the money. And as for the people complaining about the musical being too vulgar , well its a musical from the creator of south park ,  what the heck did you expect??
Born and raised in Salt Lake City or Sal Tlay Ka Siti - Couldn't wait to see this musical!!! I'm listening to the soundtrack while writing this, from the opening song, Hello, Two by Two, You & Me, Turn It Off, reveals a little into the LDS culture. Even the subject matter is very adult, but the naïve elders realize that they are not too different from the "people" they are there to convert.  Nikki James brings that song to life every night - the rest of the cast, Matt Doyle and Cody Jamison Strand are a great duo; along with the rest of the ensemble especially Matt Loehr! Remember Tomorrow is a Latter Day!
It was a great Broadway show! We came with very low expectations because from the title a show about religion did not seem appealing and we were afraid that elders would be in the audience bothering us to join. But the show had a comedic story-line and many excellent songs. The male lead who previously starred in the Chicago BOM was making his Broadway debut and was phenomenal and made the show.  The female lead was very experienced and great voice. The theater is Small so there is really no bad seat in the house. We were in the back of the Orchestra and it was fine. Go see it. Just some notes on the theater: The bathrooms are downstairs below the Orchestra, are small, and they will get jammed big time for both men and women at intermission--go early.  If the show sells out--they will sell you $20.00 standing room only tickets in Orchestra and that is a great way to see the show for those on a Budget.  You get a specific standing area and no one blocks you or takes your space.
I saw this show over a month ago and I don't remember much from it. Talented cast I'm sure, but boring.
It's everything you've ever heard about ... And much more! Fantastic! Hilarious! Entertaining! .. NOT FOR THE RELIGIOUSLY SENSITIVE. Also having Ben Platt (pitch perfect) star in it providing the comedy and comfort was great. Highly recommended
I don't know when I have laughed out loud so much.  Yes, it might be considered  sacrilegious or offend some people but you should know that going in.  It is a parody and very well done.  The tickets are pricey but there are other options such as the lottery, standing room only or rush tickets.  I've seen lots of Broadway plays and this was easily one of the most enjoyable I've ever gone to see.  Musicals are my favorite I have to say and I prefer comedies so I expected to enjoy this but it exceeded my expectations.  The time flew by and it just seemed to get funnier.  It deserved its awards and is a not-to-be missed musical
Absolutely awesome show. I was so happy that we chose this to see while in NY. My son who is 25 thought it was great too. Language was quite strong so be prepared. Great actors , great production. A must see!!
Can't give the show enough stars.  Fantastic performance.   Only downside was the cramped seats.  Extremely painful to watch an entire show.
This show was HILARIOUS! The storyline was great and the characters were absolutely amazing! There is a lot of offensive language, so it is definitely not suitable for children or those who are sensitive about race or religion. Other than that, this is a MUST SEE!
Absolutely hysterical! My parents have been trying to get tickets for at least a year and, though pricey, it was well worth it. Mind you, there's explicit language (which they tell you when you buy the ticket), you get plenty of music, humor and laughs. A show I'd come see again.
Book of Mormon was fantastic! I was laughing the entire time, and the songs were stuck in my head for days after. The leading actors were wonderful: they had strong voices and pulled of the both the ridiculousness and the intricacies of the characters well. My only tiny qualm with the show was with the plot: things get resolved a little too easily at the end. But overall, the plot was good and the take-away message at the end is hilarious (being intentionally vague here so you can discover it for yourself). Overall, the show was wonderful and I highly recommend it!
This play has ruined me!  Forever!  How can I ever watch another musical ever again when I'll always have this one to remind me of how good musicals should be!  We got pretty lucky with our tickets.  I went to the theater at around 4:30pm to enter the lottery (because the next available tickets online were for dates SEVEN months from now and I had to see the show NOW!) and as soon as I dropped my name into the lottery wheel, I checked out the standing room line and saw that it was short enough (I was 14th in line) that I might have a chance at getting tickets.  After the lottery winners were announced (we didn't win), I waited for the box office for standing room tickets to open at six.  I was in line for about 1.5 hours but it was totally worth it and the folks in line were a great and friendly bunch so time flew by quickly.  The "seats" themselves were great!  Each ticket indicates an assigned spot behind the last row on the main floor and since the theater is pretty small, we had a great view.  At $27/ticket, this is the cheapest I've ever paid for a Broadway show and by far the best one I've seen.   The cast of this show was amazing - I'm not sure if it'd be as good once main cast members move on to different things so I will probably try to see this at least one more time before that happens.  Go see it!
Wow. Very well-written and so smart and sharp that I'm bleeding! Being brought up Catholic, there were many cringe-inducing moments (hasa diga eebowai!!!) and re-enactments involving balloons - but I loved the show. It was so much fun and so clever and had me singing for days on end afterward.
My intention was to see Sister Act but there was a problem getting tickets so this play was my second choice. We had terrific seats, second row and then things began to happen.  I had no idea that this show was so perverse and used an ethnic male group substituting rubber hoses in simulating sex. There is no advertisement indicating this tone. I can only imagine tourists with children attending  expecting class and getting trash. The songs and acting was okay but  it sort of cancels out the other stuff. People of faith were actually ridiculed in song. Beware! All that glitters is not gold.
I bought the soundtrack to this show on Amazon years ago when they had a deal for $0.99 or something. I was familiar with the music long before I saw the show. My husband and I toyed with the idea of buying tickets, but at that point the show was sold out nearly a year in advance and of course the tickets are fairly expensive. Finally, my sister was coming to town and we decided to try for SRO tickets. We devoted a rainy afternoon to this endeavor and it was soooooo worth it. Even being familiar with the songs already did not prepare me for how AWESOME it is to see them performed live. The choreography is top notch. A lot of my other out-of-town friends and family have since wanted to see The Book of Mormon while they are visiting, so it's a good thing I like the show. We now have the process of buying SRO tickets down to a science. Most recently I entered the lottery (while standing in the SRO line) and WON. So my third time seeing The Book of Mormon was from the front row. I was practically within spitting distance of the actors. So awesome! Side note: am I the only one who thinks the guy who runs the lottery is cute?
**DISCLAIMER** I don't enjoy musicals at all. I thought this musical was dumb.
So this was one of the more pricier tickets for Broadway, I paid about $300/ticket.  I have to say it was money well spent!  This was by far the funniest play I have ever seen.  The jokes and humor were hilarious and I almost died laughing so many times.  Racism, Sexcism, anything you name it.  If you are the type of person who gets offended easily, this is not the play for you.  But, if you love to laugh, please see The Book of Mormon, you can thank me later.
Lottery tip: Go to the theater 2 hours and 5 minutes prior to the show, drop your name into the ballet and stand there for 10 minutes. I've tried 11 times and still keep doing it...
Not necessarily the best set, or best story line, but definitely the funniest and most entertaining Broadway musical I've EVER seen (and I've seen a bunch!) BOM was funny at every turn. Just when you think it couldn't make you laugh anymore than it already did, there's more! The first half is musically superior to the second half; the songs are just better. But the second half, choreographically, and performance wise had me cracking up the entire time. We sat in the front mezzanine and had a great view. The staff was super friendly and we really enjoyed ourselves. Ben Splatt fills Josh Gad's shoes so well! When I saw him, I didn't think "BENJI! FROM PITCH PERFECT!" I thought, HEY this guy is pretty good! I would love to see it again, and again, and again.
Book of Mormon I had been wanting to see this since I was a little girl- I mean, for a long time. Whenever I would try to get tickets online for the times I wanted to come to NYC, they would be sold out. Oh yeah, there's another reason, they are not CHEAP. If you want to see this show, plan on it months in advance and expect to pay at least $260 per ticket. You can't even get tickets from TKTS booths (discounted last minute ticket sales in Times Square for those of you who don't know). Why is it so expensive? Probably because Trey Parker (1/2 creator of the hit cartoon "South Park" on Comedy central) is a Mormon and has to give 10% of his salary to the church, that's why. I said "Mormon" not Moron. Nah, just kidding. The show is that good. And when I say "That good" I mean it's awesomely funny. And when I say "awesomely funny" I mean it's insane with it's dirty language, sexual innuendo, skewed historical facts and Trey Parker's willingness to poke fun at his own religious beliefs. The start of the show is a medley of "Elders" (Mormon Pastors)ringing doorbells and introducing themselves with the Book of Mormon in their hand. What makes this funny is that just about everyone in the audience and reading this has dealt with at one time or another, the clean cut 21 year old kids with white button up T-shirt and black tie showing up at their house and ringing their door bell repeatedly and annoyingly trying to get you to invite them in to talk about the Prophet John Smith and the Church of Latter day saints. And then coming back for follow-up visits. Then the story focuses on one character who is The would-be hero of the story. He gets paired up with a super geek and they both get sent to aids and war-stricken Uganda, Africa for their two year mission. Shortly after arriving, their starry eyed perspective of the world is changed forever. And things that you as part of the audience expect....turn out to be unexpected. I'm trying to give you a glimpse without ruining the end. WARNING, do not...I repeat DO NOT show up with children. Leave the little bastards at home or at FAO Schwartz. You don't want them to go around and embarrass you in front of family, friends and strangers at the grocery store when they start to repeat and act out scenes from the show. Other than that, its totally worth it. NOTE: if you're in town and don't have tickets, you can go to the Eugene o'neil theatre 2 hours before show time and sign up for the lottery. Where you can win two tickets. or go an hour before and try to get partial view or standing room only for a big discounted price.
Got SRO (standing room only) tickets after getting to the theater at 10:30am (for tickets to the 2:00pm show) after watching this rendition of "I Believe" at the Tony Awards youtube.com/watch?v=GVJg… which made me go and decide "I must go get some tickets to this musical!". There were about 14 people ahead of me which was pretty okay. Just wish I had brought something to sit on because man I was tired from standing. Stood waiting for 2 hours (sadly didn't win any tickets from the lotto but a man from Thailand did win one so good for him!) they began selling SRO tickets to the line of people that had formed (at 12:30). Woo-hoo $27 for a ticket! A staff member told us we should go grab some lunch then come back to the theater before 2:00 for the show. I made sure not to read the synopsis provided by Wikipedia so as to avoid spoiling anything for myself and man did I not regret it! The theater itself is really nice and I really liked the stained glass windows on the side that would light up in tune with the song. A few times it was a bit hard to hear what the actors were saying but other than that it was a great show! Definitely not for those that get easily offended or are sensitive about religious topics. As much as I wanted to be able to sit in one of the theater's nice comfy seats, standing room was pretty okay too. Can't wait to check out the other musicals on Broadway! ORLANDO!!
Excellent show!! Getting in was quick and easy. They have a bar while you wait for the show to start, they also have someone coming up and down the aisle if you don't want to get up. It's a really funny show, very inappropriate at times, but in a classy way if that makes sense.  So happy I saw it :)
Funniest Broadway I have seen.   Laughing out loud the whole show and the music is pretty catchy too.   The main singer was in pitch perfect (Benjamin Platt) and is a gifted actor/singer.  Great cast! Highly recommend!!
Amazing show that lived up to the hype!  We sat in Row O in the Orchestra which I was slightly worried about but the seats were fantastic.  Definitely a must see!
The fact that no person involved in this production has been smited (smote? smitten?) from the face of this earth for their involvement in this can only mean one thing: God has a great sense of humor.
I am a pretty open-minded and tolerant person, but found this musical pathetic and a waste of money. Raping babies to cure AIDS, singing F... You God, giving Hitler a blow job in hell, mutilating women and singing a cheerful song about it, etc.. If you find these things funny then you might enjoy it. The positive reviews are surprising. It seems that it would appeal to simple individuals, racists, and those that try to be cool by following the crowd. If you consider yourself an intelligent person, be smart and spend your money elsewhere!
In NYC for our 20th anniversary, we saw The Book of Mormon as the first of three Broadway shows. If the two remaining shows are half as good, we'll have had a great trip. This is a hilariously funny show. Many shows provide laughs. Few make you laugh virtually nonstop, and this one delivers. No need to synopsize the show; it's been done. It's amazingly funny, profane, and a shrewd parody of Mormonism and other religions. But the show isn't a mean-spirited putdown of religion. It recognizes that religious folks, at their heart, mean well, and it respects them for it (while getting a lot of comedic mileage out of religious scriptures and doctrine). The show takes on a lot of decidedly UNfunny topics, such as genocide, AIDS, poverty, genital mutilation, and annoying missionaries that ring your doorbell on Saturday mornings when you just wanna sleep. Yet it makes you laugh about them all. The Book of Mormon successfully rides the very fine line between mockery and respect for its characters. As a product of the creators of South Park and Team America: World Police, it's exactly as offensive as you might imagine. The show has terrific music, choreography, and book, and the technical stuff, especially the sound and lighting design, are first-rate. The Friday night we saw it, one of the two lead roles, Elder Price, was played not by the regular actor, but by Ryan Bondy, one of the "standbys," a kind of understudy that normally does not go on (a standard understudy usually plays an ensemble role each night and steps up to a main role when needed). Bondy was excellent in the role, and it's hard to imagine that it could have been played better by the regular actor. I'm really happy to have seen the show (despite the expensive StubHub tickets we bought), and as long as you aren't easily offended by, well, the whole thing, you're going to like it too.
When I saw this show a few weeks after it opened, it was probably the best afternoon of my life.  You will laugh until you start busting blood vessels.  On the off-chance that one of these blood vessels happens to be in your brain, you will at least go out with a big, satisfied smile on your face.
Warning** DO NOT GO IF YOU ARE RELIGIOUS AND EASILY OFFENDED!!*** Seriously, the man next to us walked out during intermission, he and his son never returned. This is a comedy that pokes fun at religion and brought to us by the South Park creators. Go with an open mind, it's supposed to be funny. I had a great time and was lucky enough to score tickets although they were for "standing room". It was actually perfectly situated on the main level with a center view of the stage. Literally standing 2 inches behind people who payed over $200 for a seat. Not a bad deal at all. We had a better view than everyone up top. ******HOW TO OBTAIN TIX **** #1-You can join raffle for tickets usually 2.5 hours before show time. Just show up and enter your name (up to 2 tix per person). Usually around 20-25 tickets are given out. If you win, tickets are about $32 and mostly front row. #2- You can also make line for standing room which is $27 pp. Line usually starts 3-4 hours before show and only 20-30 tickets are available, so ge there early. We got lucky on our 2nd day of trying. #3- Wait on the cancellation line and pay face value. We arrived at 11am and were able to see the 2pm show on July 4th. I had a great time. Book of Mormom will have you laughing out loud. Although I thought it was a bit repetitive during some parts, it did not take away from the fun experience. I feel lucky that I got tickets to this musical which always seems to be sold out and very pricey! Great way to spend my holiday!! :)
See this show if you can get tickets! I laughed my butt off. I wish I could see it again.
Went to this play understanding it would be making fun of a certain religion, totally okay with that, one thing I am not okay with is bringing raping babies and singing a song about "f" you god kick him in the cunt. It totally is a waste of time and money.
Best Broadway show I've ever seen, hands down.  I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard.  A lot of the jokes are shocking and vulgar which I'm not typically into but they manage to pull it off.  If you enjoyed South Park you will LOVE this.  However I was never a big South Park fan and I still enjoyed this show more than anything I've seen.  In addition to being hilarious, the music is great (also hilarious), and the singing is incredible!  I saw it with the original cast--Andrew Rannells is AMAZING but in my opinion Nikki M. James (who I BELIEVE is still playing this role) totally stole the show.  I was actually crying during her solo song, and it was a comedy!  That's how unbelievable her voice is.  I know tickets are hard to get but they're worth it--if you buy full priced tickets to any show, this should be the one.
Best show I have seen so far in NYC. Made me laugh so much and pretty much the whole time ! The whole musical is Highly recommended !!!!!
What a great show. Check any political correctness at the door and sit back and laugh. If you can get past the very expensive tickets this is a show not to be missed.
I've seen a lot of shows (Wicked, Phantom of the Opera, Aladdin, Avenue Q, Promises Promises, Beauty and the Beast, Spring Awakening) but this by far is my new favorite. This show is not for kids or those who get easily offended (b/c the profanity is prolific and it can be rather vulgar at times). I seriously have never laughed so much during a musical. You'll have a great time!
Great show and hysterical , it's definitely not recommended for christians who don't have a biiiig sense of humor , some of the songs can be really offensive to religious folks.I'm a non practicing christian and found It hysterical at times....you just  have to be open minded and have a sense of humor, they are a bit over the top with religious stuff but again I found it pretty hysterical....we also won the lottery for tix (show up and hour before show and sign up to get $34 front row center tix!) The seats were amazing I could literally touch the conductors head! :) that's how close we were . ..we also got a cute button that read "I won book of mormon lottery" ...the music in show is spectacular, actors are brilliant ...scores are great ...we really enjoyed the show
Book of Mormon is definitely one of the best musicals of all time. Overall the humor is what sells the show so well with the outrageous lyrics, and the music is really catchy. It might be offensive if you're extremely religious or sensitive to foul language, especially for the song "Hasa Diga Eebowai." Leave the kids at home, come in with an open mind, and enjoy the show. If you liked Avenue Q, then you'll love Book of Mormon.
I continue to be amazed at the reviews for Book of Mormon.  I thought it was ok, but not special.  Based on the reviews I expected it to be a completely different broadway experience.  Instead, I found it to be a well done play with some catchy songs and a nice background story.  Characters screaming random obscenities or cursing throughout the songs, didn't seem that amazing to me.  Don't get me wrong, Breaking Bad, The League, Spartacus, Strike Back are amazing shows, I have no issue with cursing or obscenities.  they just didn't seem to fit here.
Amazing show, great cast. It was funny as hell! It's very raunchy and offensive, which was great. It was a real treat to find Ben Platt (Benji from Pitch Perfect) playing one of the star roles. I can't get over the price for the tiks considering the size of the theatre. Do not go if you get offended easily. The couple sitting in fron of us kept turning back because we were laughing too much.
Not a typical Broadway show, not for the easily offended or those who take life to seriously but certainly for those who want to laugh. We laughed hysterically from beginning to end. We were lucky enough to win the lottery for tickets at the matinee and sat front row center for $32 a seat. We had tickets for Wicked that night so just figured we'd take a chance with the lottery and were elated to win.  Our seats were fantastic and we could see all the crazy facial expressions which really make the show.. It's so ridiculous you almost can't believe it. I won't give away and details but just want to say the show they put on for the head of the Mormons had me laughing so hard tears were rolling down my face.   Be ready for a good laugh but don't bring kids or anyone doesn't like the politically incorrect - its South Park writers after all.
Was excited to see Book of Mormon on Broadway....only to be somewhat disappointed. Thought it had some funny moments but not as funny as others thought. Think it's hyped way to much..many better plays to see
Slow start but funny.  We enjoyed the show.  Thought Avenue Q was better and funnier but to each his own.
Funny show. Good for people who have a sense of humor about certain religious topics/stereotypes. If you easily get offended, this may not be for you. The only con is that its so expensive. Dont know if it was worth the price.
Worth the hype.
From the writers of South Park so prepare for the off-color jokes and stereo types and oh yeah..truth jabs at religion that will leave you repeating your favorite lines after the show. "Casa diga!! Yeeaaaaaaahh!"
my grandparents are catholic, my mother was baptized christian turned self-proclaimed buddhist, my father is an atheist that discovered god in january of this year, my brother is, wait, WAS an atheist turned agnostic and myself (pre-show) was a spiritual soldier with philosophies anchored by a simple belief system: karma.  (post show) fack karma, summon the mormon frog-facking lords and get me mormonized! my bf the magician snagged 3rd row seats (one row in front of baby head conan - see photo) for this lovely joy ride of a play that left me with perma-smile lockjaw from grinning and laughing non-stop through the entire show.  mark my words this is the best play you will see to date if you like to picture brigham young sexing frogs for redemption.   what an f'ing riot! no weak links in the cast but a very impressive performance - i personally fell in love with neosporin, necrophilia, nala, whatever her name was, hold on, lemme google...nabulungi.  she's a star.  this girl sings with her whole body, down to the tips of her toes.. well done...the standing ovation was damn well deserved.  even conan thought so.
Purchase tickets ahead of time if you can see you can avoid the long box office wait! Simply brilliant. My friends didn't get many of the Mormon inside jokes, and there are quite a few. Hundreds. LOL many people in my family are Mormon so maybe I found it funnier than some other people. I can tell you that the audience is erupting in laughter through most of the 3 hours. The actors were fantastic, the crassness was brilliant, the jokes were perfectly timed, and the music was phenomenal. Be sure not to drink too much beforehand or you will be waiting in line for 45 minutes (longer than the intermission) to use the bathroom.
Fun and rollicking....whatever "rollicking" means!!!???  Taken as a whole the show...it's premise and it's subtleties....were a good time.  Much of the theme dealt with philosophical conflicts without too much moralizing.  The opening number wherein the "doorbell ringers", with their enthusiastic personalities, was sweet and sour. Rarely in today's world are we exposed to such genuine selflessness but, don't we also cringe when we see those well-scrubbed missionaries in our neighborhoods?  Elder Cunningham, a pathetic loner that wants acceptance, was such a compelling figure that you will want to focus on him so as to never miss his subtle comedy.  We also loved the senior Elder leading the Uganda mission. His admission of repressed sexuality was perpetuated cleverly....beginning with the "Turn it Off" number and continuing through his impending departure accompanied by his pink patterned rolling luggage. Disappointments came from the overt sexual and bathroom humor so common to South Park....or Beavis and Butthead. You will find yourself laughing a lot, politely smiling occasionally, and wincing a few times....it's worth a try.
If I could only do a "do over" I would not of gone! It was vulgar and what a disappointment. This was a lesson learned for me to read the reviews before I go see another play. I will admit that the actors were very good. I just have a hard time hearing the FU to our Lord Jesus Christ and the implication of having sex with infants and frogs (not too funny to me) . So if you love the Lord and have a relationship with our heavenly Father  this play will make you feel sad and you will walk away with a heavy heart, wondering why plays like this have such popularity. Gosh what would Jesus say about this play? hummmm?? Good for kids...NO WAY.
Go see Priscilla instead.  Waited a year to see this after getting the tix.  Not worth the wait.  Cast was mostly skillful, if overly hammy, but show is pretty weak.  I like fart and poop jokes as much as the next guy, and organized religion is ridiculous, but the show was just not that funny.  Add that to the tiny, cramped seats and this should be easy to miss.  Really wanted to like it.
There isn't much more I can say about Book of Mormon that isn't already common knowledge. I don't like reviewing musicals right after watching them because you always think it's the best one you've seen so far right after you get out of the show, but it's been a while and I can still say it was the most entertaining musical I've ever seen. In true South Park fashion, much of the humor is of the double-edged kind that makes you laugh really hard, pause and think about what you are laughing at, then continue laughing anyway even though you feel bad. "Turn It Off" is a good example. I also particularly enjoyed "I am Africa" being sung by white Mormon men wearing white pants and white shirts. Of course, it helped that I had a front row seat. Literally - I won the lottery (on my 4th try). The hype has died down somewhat so the lottery crowd isn't as bad as it used to be (although still pretty sizeable). Funnily enough, I was in line for SRO tickets and ended up winning the lottery (they give out lottery tickets to the SRO line too). So I basically stood in line for 3 hours for nothing, and I'm totally OK with that.
I want to give this show 5 stars but find it incredibly hard to.  Andrew Rannels and Josh Gad were phenomenal and it's a shame neither of them won at the Tony's.  Hello is a great lead off song (bookofmormonbroadway.com…)  I was hoping the rest of the show to be just like that but it took an incredibly weird turn from there.  I was a little offended with some of the  songs... I dunno maybe I just wasn't in the right mood for the south park humor.  I think the best part of the show came afterwards at the stage door.  All of the actors were very accommodating with pictures and autographs.. they were all just very very nice.
Took my son here for his first play on 6/14. Both he and I enjoyed the show.   One must be opened minded when watching this show.  If you are a South Park fan, then you would enjoy The Book of Mormon. The actors were great from their acting to their singing.  I enjoyed the characters of Elder Price and Elder Cunningham especially Cunningham who I felt stole the show.   Thank you cast for an enjoyable two hours.
Very enjoyable from start to finish.  Songs are catchy. The best part of it all is that the songs and script tie in very well and carry the story through.  None of the songs seem forced or out of place.  Perfect.
A hilarious show with amazing sets, songs, and writing. Prepare to feel feelings all over the place! I stood in line for Friday evening standing room tickets and arrived at 11:30 AM to ensure I got them (only approximately 20 tickets are handed out). This was a complete waste of time as the line didn't begin to get serious until around 4. Arrive by 3:00 PM and you'll be good to go (Tickets are sold after the lottery at 6:15). The view for the standing room tickets was incredible. I was comfortable the entire time.
We were lucky to be able to get 2 tickets from people who cancelled. The show was a riot. SOOOO FUNNY. I didn't know the soundtrack or storyline in advance which in a way was a good thing, as it was such a surprise. I'd definitely like to see it again, now knowing what to expect to enjoy it even more (next trip to NY). Two killer songs/skits -- Hasa Diga Eebowai, and Spooky Mormon Hell Dream. If you have any sense of humor, these will make you laugh so hard you will cry. If not, what are you doing here, go see Bambi instead? I think I'd probably need to see this 2 or 3 times to fully glean everything from the play, next time I hope I can sit even closer to really see everything up close and personal. GO SEE IT!  This show ROCKS!!!!
What happened to Elder Cunnigham?! Watched the original cast and the WestEnd cast and it was so good! The current one wouldnt pass a national highschoolmusical audition. "Don't listen to the fat white guy" became "don't listen to the weird white guy". You changed the lyrics, you changed the charecter of the main role. Spend your money on Kinky Boots instead. Seems like the Book of Mormons is nothing but a money printing machine witha tired cast.
Well first off, tickets are next to impossible to get. When you do get them, they are very expensive ($175 per person and that was for the next to the back row at the very top) . If you are offended easily, this is not the show to go see. If you have kids with you, this is not the show to go see. It is pretty vulgar, so hopefully if you are going to see it, you've done your research and know that ahead of time. So being that it is vulgar, it is also pretty damn funny. You will find yourself laughing at very unexpected things. It is not of the same Broadway quality as Wicked, Memphis, Jersey Boys, hence the 1 docked star, but it is very laugh out loud entertaining.
The show should be for adults and mature audiences only. The show is not for you if you are easily offended by off the collar humor/jokes. Show is entertaining as it pokes fun into the life of the mormon elders as they spread the teachings of Christ.
Save your money. What a disappointment. One of the worst plays I've ever seen. Even if you don't mind blasphemy, gross-out humor, and making fun of everybody, it just wasn't funny. The music was mediocre as well. I don't understand why so many people think it's wonderful.
I took my mom to see this show. Thank goodness I warned her that there will be lots of profanity and possible racial jokes. (Even though I was hoping that her English wouldn't be good enough to understand the jokes.) But hey, she enjoyed it! She thought it was a good show with great singing, acting, and dancing. And yes, I loved the show myself. (I'm a secret South Park fan.) What I did was listen to the soundtrack before I actually saw the show just so that I could appreciate the music more. I'm glad I did because when the music started playing, I sang along! LoL. Putting aside the profanity, the show actually has a nice story to it.
Simply the best, most hilarious musical I've ever seen. If you're easily offended by sexual references, foul language, satirical representation of human suffering or mockery of religion, this musical is likely not for you. But if you can live with it, don't miss out on it. It's worth every penny. It's deep, funny, satirical, original and an out-of-the-box, absolute breakthrough in the usually predictable and monotonous world of musicals. Every single song and interaction makes you crack up. And, BTW, I completely disagree with the notion that the show is racist or demeaning towards Africans. On the contrary, I think it depicts Ugandans of victims of oppression who need to believe in a better world that can save them from their daily nightmare. It's the white Americans who are depicted as naive, condescending and out of touch in a raw but masterfully achieved way.
Although I'm a huge fan of broadway shows/muicals.......alas, this was a great dissappontment for me!  I'm not sure what I was missing, with all the great reviews and accolades this show has recieved; plus I've wanted to see this since winning the Tony's; it wasn't funny at all.  The humor was so consistently broad and juvenile (in a smug self-satisfied way) that the play becomes annoyingly one-note. I appreciate transgressive humor and/or satire, but only when infused with subtlety and NOT when its edginess is SAFELY dilluted via a thick veil of hokiness.  I concur with the other one-star reviewers:  "why are raping babies and/or female circumcision glorified" - there is NOTHING funny about this.  I know it's from the creators of South Park, but c'mon - their so called humor was lazy, not even shock value worthy - just plain distasteful! Anyway, hubby and I made the most of the evening and enjoyed our date night out!
Such a great show!  Amazing cast, great acting, dancing and singing.  If you want to really see a Braodway show fo see this!
FINALLY came to see it a couple of weekends ago! Tip for tickets: If you have time & are planning ahead, pick up tickets at the box office (if you can) and you can get good ORCH seats for $170. You can also avoid approx. $30-40/ticket in fees that you would have to pay if you bought them on-line. Avoid third party sellers....this show (even now) has lots of counterfeit tickets floating around out there. Attn: Religious/conservatives....STAY AWAY! Not for those who are easily offended. Please read the reviews & learn WHAT the show is about instead of wasting your money and hating on it later. It is a religious satire and it definitely pushes the limits! No holds barred! Hysterical/highly-controversial.......very entertaining....great performance by the entire cast......great flow.......I Loved it!
Cramped seating, but otherwise a great show!!!
I loved Book of Mormon. The music was catchy, the dance routines mesmerizing and it was funny! I was surprised by how offensive and obscene so much of the show was. However, I love politically incorrect humor. This play was offensive to just about everyone so it's hard to take it personally. If you like this kind of stuff then BOM is for you!
This is the greatest thing I have ever seen out of all the things I have ever seen! It does not get better than this. Need I go into deconstructing the music, choreography, lyrics, acting? That would be incredibly redundant and boring.
Won the lottery rush tickets!! I was super excited and sooo glad that the show was as good as everyone said it was. However, you have to really know American pop culture to get most of the jokes. I had to have my boyfriend explain most of it to me since I never saw Simpsons or South Park. Still, it's worth watching. I loved it.
Loved it! Very talented cast!
Hilarious, fantastic, irreverent and a complete barrel of snarky laughs. Really well written and composed and it's only so funny because it's true. Here's a tip...don't bring the kids. :)
OMG so funny!!!!!!!! don't go if your a prude uptight religious fanatic.
I was surprised how much I liked this show since I was brought by a friend and avoid musical theater at all costs. It kept me entertained with lots of surprising and fun twists and turns and a great costs. And I love the sippy cups they serve mixed drinks in. The bathroom line moves faster than you think.
Hysterical but not for the week of heart... or those who take everything seriously. A true Parker and Stone production. I actually thought it was going to be a lot cruder than it was but then the second half started and I was like OH YEH! there it is! If you love South Park, you'll love this. The dancing and choreography was way better than I anticipated and it was cast really well. On the Tuesday night that I went, the performance got a FULL standing ovation.
Book of Mormon is very funny. Must see!
Lived in Time Hotel, which was right next to the Theatre last time I was in New York. So I heard about people coming out the theatre praising how good it was. So was thinking if I come back I have to watch it. After I watched it I understand why it is the hottest show right now. I would highly recommend anyone to go watch it especially if you don't like musical, you might be surprised. Tickets are still in high demand, I spent $199 at the box office on a Mezzanine seating. This is one of the cutest Broadway show I've saw. If you don't understand American culture or history, or easily offended you might be sitting there for 2-3 hours without laughing. Not only did I laugh so hard, but I actually dropped tears, like not from laughing. (Maybe you will figure out which one it is if you go watch it yourself.) The cast did an amazing job. For me, I think the cast beat the plot. The lead actor Matt Doyle was freaking cute!
Great show. I'm surprised more people didnt walk out since it was so controversial but maybe thats because people know what to expect. I did standing room on a Tuesday afternoon and I would highly recommend that. Its different on weekends but on a Tuesday you can get there by around 3:50 to stand in line for SRO tickets ($27). The max you can get is two. The advantage is that you can also do the lottery that starts at 4:30 (drawing at 5PM). Make sure you dont leave the line to do lottery...they will come to you. That was a mistake multiple people made...they all rushed to the lottery area...and all the people behind them ended up with SRO. The view is great. You are seriously standing behind a bunch of people that paid $160 for a ticket...so same view as them.
I saw this show last night.  Don't waste your money.  Very sad to think what some people find funny.  This is not satire comedy.  It's over the top disrespectful with total irreverence for decent human behavior.
"Ding dong.  Hello, my name is Elder Price." Fair warning: If you go see this show, this will be stuck in your head for what seems like an eternal and never-ending forever.   As many other people have mentioned, if you are (or even think you are) easily offended, or have never seen / don't care for South Park, this might not be the show for you. Here's a way to test that: Watch the "All About the Mormons" episode from Season 7 of South Park.   "I'm offended."  - Steer clear "Dumbdumbdumbdumbdumb" - Proceed I grew up with some Mormon friends, and while some of their beliefs, customs, etc. confused me at times, I knew basic material going into the show - what the Mission is, why it is important, what the book says, etc. That said, this was an absolutely hysterical take on religious customs and beliefs, engaging the audience on a variety of levels.  I like to believe that even a Mormon would be amused at the show - while there is an abundance of crudeness, lewdness, and the like - if you actually pay attention to the show, there IS a point. I'm not going to give away plot, but i'll leave it at this: This isn't a show that makes fun of Mormonism and then suddenly ends - there are lessons to be learned about innate goodness, human nature, as well as the power of belief and positivity. Cleverly written, artfully performed, and downright hilarious.  Well worth the ticket price.
Saw this in Seattle at the Paramount Theater but I assume the play is the same no matter what part of the country you're in. Overall, I'd say skip this (and husband and 21 year old son felt the same).  People in front of us were wide-eyed and wondering what the heck they'd gotten themselves into and even mentioned "Did you know anything about this play?  Is it what you expected?" as they gave a very quizzical and confused look.  Glad we paid reduced prices for tickets or would be really irritated. Music was so very loud that it was extremely hard to hear the singing/words over it (was that by design to cover up signing ability/chops - I don't know).  Wanted to ask them, please, turn down the orchestra volume a bit - eh? Would recommend that no one under 18 go see this as it is quite vulgar (as you might expect from the creators of South Park). Dance/singing ensemble numbers were ok - but because of the loudness of the music, it was very difficult to figure out what was being said and then what was going on. I think people are going to see this mainly because of the "back story," i.e., creators of South Park (another plug, I know) and Mormonism - which no one gets. If you go, don't pay full price for heaven's sake.
Put simply, one of the best shows I have ever seen. I realize that this may come as no surprise, given all of the accolades and great reviews the show has received, but hey, one more review can't hurt. We purchased tickets at the box office only 2 weeks prior to seeing the show on 4/19/14, and were frankly shocked that, not only were we able to score tickets, but at regular (non-premium) price, and for really great seats. Unless we were extraordinarily lucky, it looks like the key to scoring tickets is going directly to the box office and skipping all online options. The theater is medium-sized as B'way theaters go. Our seats were in the boxes on the right side of the stage, overhanging the 3rd row of the orchestra. We lost the tiniest piece of right stage stage view, but had a close up and complete view of the other 99% of the stage. The show itself is a comedy masterpiece and, as other reviewers have said, of the ilk of South Park humor (a good thing).  Our mouths were sore from laughing so much. While no part of the show was offensive to us, I definitely would not bring your kids. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I can't stop thinking about how freaking good this musical was.
After years of wanting to see this musical, I was able to go to a lottery drawing and won tickets for the box seats on the side of the venue. At $35 a pop, it doesn't matter where you're sitting in the theater and I implore anyone who considers rushing this show to give it a go. Your odds aren't good, but if you get there at about 4:45pm on a Tuesday or Wednesday to enter the drawing I think you have the best shot. (Just trust me and let me know how you liked the show, lol). I am a huge fan of South Park and pretty much everything either Parker or Stone touch so I am totally biased, but I really think this musical has some of the funniest and most engaging material I've seen. Not only does BoM live up to the ridiculousness you expect, it brings in social poignancy and issues that matter in a way only the creators of Derka-Derka-stan could produce. Bravo, Book of Mormon, for doing what so many bloated, gimmicky  productions have failed to do: get everyone excited about live performances.
Hilarious!  I definitely enjoyed the second half more than the first.  You best not be easily offended.  It's pretty vulgar and not just about religion. But it keeps you laughing for the whole 2.5 hours.
Irreverent -- Irreligious -- blasphemous -- but hilarious.  I never laughed so hard at a musical.  This was the funniest thing I have watched since the first time I saw Monty Python and the Holy Grail back in the 70s.  I was waiting for the lightning to strike or the earth to burst open and suck us all in one big massive sink hole to hell.  Fortunately, we surivived! If you are able, and not easily offended by such thoughts, you should see this once.
Great play, managed to get really good seats. The theater is small though so every seat is pretty excellent, although on the sides the sound isn't enveloping. The show was hilarious and I'm still listening to the soundtrack weeks later, Matt and Trey rule!
Overall this is a really good show. Whenever the Mormons are on, it's upbeat and fun. But I'm sorry, when they go to Africa, I found the story to be a little boring. I know, that makes me a terrible person but it's my opinion. If the whole show had been just about the Mormons I would have liked it much more. It was funny and crude, not always my humor. But I think when you go to this show, you know what you're getting yourself into.
So everybody seems to love this show.  Don't get me wrong, I liked it.  But, I thought there were maybe only two or three laugh out loud moments in the show.  The rest was kind of chuckle material.  The musical numbers were good, though I can't remember a single tune three days later - I can't imagine anybody buy the CD.  I kinda wished I liked it more since I think Matt Stone and Trey Parker are pretty funny - now I sorta feel left out.
Jaw Droppingly Original / Hysterical / Controversial /  Breaks the rules while creating new rules for Theatre. No Holds Barred / Nothing Held Back Everyone may think they know what to expect but the experience will still be exhilarating. The pace is smooth as one scene flows into the other. Certainly no "dead space" whatsoever. What's also especially enjoyable. People of all ages laughing / clapping / enjoying the show. Offensive? - to some perhaps - but not noticed at the show we attended. The times they are a changing. Thank God.
For my 700th review, I am covering the best musical on Broadway: the Book of Mormon. I want to know how the South Park guys (+ Robert Lopez of Avenue Q fame) have managed to completely disrupt the Broadway industry. These three relative newcomers have managed to create a musical that is more entertaining, catchy, and financially successful than all of the established Weber/Sondheim/Shwartz/etc stuff out there. And with what... South Park-esque humor??? Something is wrong with the state of Broadway today and I'm totally fine with that. I am looking forward to eventual the South Park-ization of all entertainment, including books, art, dance and nightly news. These guys clearly know how to beat everyone else. We spent $200 a seat for the very last row in the theater in the show's second year of running. And it was worth every penny.
Absolutely lives up to every ounce of hype that still remains, three years after all the Tonys. I did standing room for a 7pm Sunday performance - I truly expected there to be more people in line, but perhaps the rain drove people away. I was the 10th person in line when I arrived at 4pm (lottery starts at 4:30, you buy the lottery/SR tickets at 5). Probably a hundred people converged on the theatre for the lottery, but if you're young and able-bodied, there's no reason why you wouldn't be able to (or enjoy!) standing. The standing spaces are up against a rail right behind the orchestra level seats, so it's a fantastic view. And for $27, when most people in the theatre are paying like, $200+? Are you kidding me? I'll sit when I'm dead. Right now, I want to laugh at Mormon guys tap dancing. As for the show itself, it's been three hours since I got home and my face still hurts - from laughing, grinning, and probably just from gaping at how far they can push the content. Definitely reminded me of South Park (for good reason, obviously), but I mean that it's not just mindless offensive humor - behind the "yikes" moments and profanity, there is an engaging plot and even a life lesson or two (still, please leave your children at home). Heck, at 23 I still probably wouldn't even go with my parents. It's funny, extraordinarily well-paced, and catchy. I will definitely be singing the lyrics for weeks to come. Tomorrow is a latter day....
Finally got to see this and although it was funny and entertaining, it's not my fave Broadway show. My guest LOVED the show though and was cracking up throughout the show. My fave scenes are the beginning and end...haha.
