We got married on May 4 at the Park Savoy in Florham Park NJ.  If you know anything about NJ wedding venues, this is a very classy place.   My husband and I LOVE going to Piano bars and seeing dueling pianos perform.  Years before we got engaged I mentioned to him how I wanted to have a dueling piano wedding.  So when we did get engaged and since I was living in NYC at the time, I googled dueling Piano and one weekend went to one of their shows.  I actually booked to see a couple of Dueling Pianos guys before making my decision.  And these guys were by far the best!!!   We had never seen or heard of anyone doing this for a wedding before, but we knew from seeing them in NYC that this would be 10 times better than any DJ.  We were honestly debating over doing the pianos or a band at one point, just because we thought having pianos could be risking (because we had never seen it at a wedding).  We took the risk and went with the pianos because we didn't want our wedding to be like every other wedding you go to in the NY/NJ area.  We wanted something different and we wanted to give our guests a performance.  We wanted our wedding to be memorable..."Remember that wedding that hired Dueling Pianos" because let's be honest, when you get to the age of going to weddings all the time, they can be boring.  It's the same thing over and over again.   Mark, the lead piano guy, is amazing to work with.  He understood our concerns and kept making us feel that everything was going to be amazing.  Just like a DJ or Band he announces your wedding party in the ballroom/dinner.  He also announces your first dance, toasts, blessings, etc.  So in that respect it is just like having a DJ or Band.  What is better is that you get live music the whole night vs paying some guy to play his ipod...   To make it even better, we requested a drummer (so we had two piano guys and a drummer).  So that def stepped it up.  They can sing any song!!!  We got a lot of questions from friends that just didn't understand how it was all going to work out, however looking back they loved it and realized how entertaining it was. Highly recommend these guys for a wedding or any event or just to drop in to a show one weekend.  We have been twice and now when we have people come out of town, this is going to be one of our go to places in NYC to take people to.  These guys are great and amazing to work with!!!  Just to note, my sister reached out to them as she wanted a song to be played after she made her speech and he was so nice to take the time and work with her.
This is a two part review, one for the actual show and the second part for the establishment itself. The two performers are very talented and made the show most enjoyable. They both had a great repartee with the audience and kept the 5, yes 5 hour show moving along! It seems as if everyone was having a blast. Our drinks from the bar were quite good (strong) and inexpensive. I wasn't all that pleased with the venue. My date and I arrived early and were one of the first on the scene. We were to meet 4 other friends there and asked if we could sit near each other. The gentleman gave us an emphatic no and much to my chagrin sat us on would eventually be opposite sides of the place upon their arrival (which was also before most others had come). After several minutes I asked once again if we could be moved as there were empty seats near our friends and he said no. Right before the show started we traded our seats with two women to be near our friends. They were so nice and accommodating, unlike the person seating us. In the end there were still a few empty seats and we could have been seated by the establishment had they not been so rigid. My last complaint was a practice done not just here but in many places. The lighting is very dim and it's hard to see the bill without a flashlight. I needed my friend to point out that the 18% gratuity was automatically added to the bill. I don't mind that as long as I'm told beforehand by the waiter. In addition, in large letters after the final price was a line to add a gratuity. I'm sure that many do add not knowing that the tip had already been included. In the end it was an enjoyable evening and I would definitely return.
The show itself was fun- talented and entertaining pianists - although too loud (they could turn down the amplifier volume a bit it's a small space) However the drink situation was beyond awful-there's no drink menu so you don't know how much the drinks cost and then if you ask later in my case neither the waiter or bartender was willing or able to provide this information.  One last drink tip, stay clear of the wine a friend had the cabernet and it was pretty much undrinkable.
So much fun! I went with my boyfriend last night and we danced until the wee hours of the morning. These amazing guys played for almost four hours straight! This was our first time experiencing a dueling piano show and we really didn't know what to expect. From the minute they stepped on stage, the energy level was high and the audience was loving it.  They played an amazing variety of songs and it was super fun to sing along. It was sort of like a choose your own adventure with the audience picking the playlist.   As a native New Yorker, I was concerned this might be a cheesy tourist trap and was pleasantly surprised that it's more like a hidden gem for locals. The crowd was a good mix of all ages, many couples, and a few groups of friends. I'd recommend this for fun night out to celebrate or just to do something a little different.  Bring cash to tip the musicians when they play your requests.
I saw Shake Rattle & Roll at a Club Getaway event and was blown away! These guys were absolutely amazing.They seemingly knew every song in every genre I could think of and had the crowd dancing all night. I would totally book them if I ever had any sort of future event, perfect for weddings! I look forward to seeing them again :)
This was so fun!  I have been to dueling pianos a couple of times, my favorite being a bar in Philly.  I was excited to find this on yelp and see that there were great reviews!  I decided to get a bunch of my friends to get living social deals to come to this for my birthday, not realizing that there specific seats/groupings of people (thought it was general admission).  When I came to realize this, Mark was very accommodating with trying to get my large group to sit together as best as he could.  He was also extremely friendly even after I had emailed him about 25 times.... They paid attention to all requests and even when the group in the back that was full of older, boring people turned off I'll Make Love to You (who turns that song off??) we were given a free request which was awesome!  The mix of music was great from 80's classics to Get Lucky.  It was a very interactive show with the chance to win free shots (I won for my awesome rendition of Gangnam Style).  Since all of our vouchers could not be redeemed - I think we will definitely be back before their expiration date!
The most authentic dueling piano show around!  Mark is a true musician who knows every song you can think up and knows a better version of the song then the actual singer you sang it.  If your looking for an exciting and fun evening look no further, this is where you want to be!  His rendition of Bohemian Rhapsody was unforgettable.  I had the pleasure of listening to the show for almost 2 years at steady gig at our banquet facility .  Thank you for putting us on the map and getting us the exposure with your awesome shows!
I took my BF here a few weeks ago for his Christmas present, and we had the BEST time, to the point of trying to plan our joint birthday party back with Shake Rattle & Roll in just a few weeks :-) Mark was super accommodating as we arrived pretty early and walked around to a few different seats before choosing the ones we wanted. Sidenote - we arrived at 9 for the 10 PM show, and were the 2nd group there. Within ten minutes though, half the place was full. Both piano players were awesome with the piano and with the audience, and they kept the crowd involved throughout the whole night. By the end of the evening it was like we were all old friends. When it turned into a dance party around midnight, strangers from across the room pulled us onto the "dance floor" with them. Needless to say, I'll be back. Definitely a great idea for a special night out like a birthday or bachelorette party, but I'd be happy to go just for a fun evening!
Such a great time!! Only bad thing id have to say is the drinks are tiny and take forever to get...but def would go back!
this was a great night out on NYC and I didn't break the bank! I got tickets and another friend got tix separately, Brian was so accommodating to us and found a way to sit us all together. The show was AWESOME and  I was hoarse from singing my butt off by the 6th song- these guys are non stop and every song was great- my faves were bohemian rhapsody and no scrubs!!! the waitresses were understandably overwhelmed, but I was happy to see when I got the bill that beers were only 5 bucks each! Cant wait to go back!!
Great time!
This show was AMAZING! The guys were funny, the crowd was lively and it was an over all good time. It's an event you can go to with friends or alone - you definitely make new friends while there! Its interactive and entertaining. I smiled and laughed so much that when I left my face hurt :)
My bf and I went here on a Saturday night and we were completely disappointed. People would request songs (which by the way you have to pay for) and if the pianist didn't like the song he would encourage the crowd to pay more money than the person who requested the song to request a completely different song. So you can request a song for $20 (which is pretty darn pricey just for a song) and not even get a chance to hear them play it. I will never go here again. They prefer to play 80s music only. If they want to get different variations of crowds, the pianists should learn to play modern songs. Also, to get a drink we had to request for it 3x from the waiter. Unbelievable! The one star is for their Parmesan truffle fries which were good. Other than that I will not come here again and will not recommend this place to anyone I like! A waste of a Saturday night.
What a blast!  I went first to dinner at Brick NYC with a few of my friends and then headed downstairs around 10p when the show started. Mark and Brad (and James) are so good at this. They work the room and make sure everyone is in on the fun. After a few songs almost everyone was up and dancing Singing and having a good old time. I highly recommend this show and look forward to going back with even more of my friends. It is absolutely worth the price of admission.  There is a two drink minimum but I'm not sure how they keep track of that. When I go back, I'll dress for dancing and less for the winter weather outside. It gets very toasty a few songs in to the show!!  I can't wait to go back.
We were part of a bachelorette party at the 4/19 show, and we had a BLAST. It was perfect for my piano major/music teacher/Elton John fanatic sister's bachelorette party. I would definitely come back for a birthday or other celebratory event! Only con was that I was not impressed with the drinks or wait staff, which is entirely separate from the show itself. Thanks for a great time!
I went to Brick NYC for the dueling piano show.  I looked at the cocktail menu while I was outside waiting for my sister to show up and I was impressed with what I saw.  When I went inside to be seated for the show they told me to go downstairs.  It was like going into another establishment all together.  The upstairs restaurant looked nice and classy but the basement looked like a dive bar.  There were no drink menus, all low level alcohol brands, and we were in folding chairs without a table to ourselves (we had to share with a couple who was attending the show).  There was a two drink requirement.  I had a mixed drink which didn't taste quite like what I'd ordered, and seemed diluted, then I ordered a Sprite.  Side note: it was quite possibly the best Sprite I've ever had! The show was fine.  There were a lot of middle aged women there celebrating birthdays, most if not all were not from NYC.  The piano playing was fine.  The entertainment factor was fine.  Maybe I was just tired, but it wasn't great.  I wouldn't go back.  Perhaps it just wasn't my scene.  The players would play your requests (only if you wrapped them with a $5 bill or more), but if someone doesn't like the song they can pay the players to stop playing.  I think it could end up to be a very expensive night if you were drinking a lot and requesting or stopping people's song requests.
Absolutely loved it! I've only been to dueling pianos in Las Vegas so when I came across this I had to give it a try.  Much smaller and intimate of a setting which is great because you can really interact with the performers which were lively and terrific.  The waiter were on point, constantly bringing us refills of our drinks, however small they were.  Warning it can get very expensive if you don't watch your bar bill and also in giving the performers money for songs.  Would definitely go back!
If you are into rocks, 80's, live music and a hilariously loud, fun time then this is the show for you. Show was great! SUPER entertaining and decent selection of music (from the list above).  Even though there were two bachelorette parties present, I thought they catered to the rest of the audience well. However, be aware that 1) you pay a cover, 2) there is a 2 drink minimum per person on top of the cover charge and 3) you pay to request songs.  I am not against any of these practices, but it is good to know so you can budget your night accordingly.
Sing, dance on stage and listen to 3 very talented guys. I'm not sure how they do it, but these guys knew every song requested (OK stumped on one).  I wasn't sure what to expect, but this was a really really fun night. The piano players/singers are incredibly talented.  You put in requests for any song you want to hear and they duel it out singing your request.  From 80s music to Lady Gaga, I was overly impressed.   The reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because the venue is very small and overall had a dingy feeling to it. The bar was blahhh.   Note: you must purchase tickets ahead of time and you must come early. If you don't you will be left standing and in the back.  No buy at the door.  Perfect for a birthday party or a night with a group of friends.  I repeat buy tickets in advance!!
For a good time check this OUT !!!!!! If you blush easy or of the faint of heart - not for you.  Want to get the juices flowing and have an eveing of good music and fun - MOST DEFINITELY !!! A guy suggested a song for his girlfriend, they got up and danced, he dropped to one knee and the crowd went WILD !!!!! You will get your money's worth as they started at 10PM and I left at 1:30ish because of a morning meeting and they were still rockin hard !!!! MOST definitely a repeat offender or Offendee !!!!! Staff and food were also great - Met Ted the Bartender who served his drinks with a smile !!!
Pros- Had a fun time! The piano players were great at keeping everyone engaged for the entire show. It felt like everyone in the room knew each other by the end. Cons- The place was mostly filled with big groups so it got too hot and the chairs were too uncomfortable to be in for multiple hours. The waiter service wasn't good, it took far too long to flag down the waiter to get drinks. I also found it inappropriate/awkward that nearly every time girls came up on the stage the piano player made comments about their looks.
This was a really fun night -- the guys were super talented and HILARIOUS.  They were entertaining but they could have done better with managing the crowd -- there were 3 bachelorette parties and 4 birthdays on the night I was there so needless to say things got a little out of hand and while they had every right to be frustrated, they definitely had an edge to them (even towards my table, who was nothing but fun and friendly all night). The drinks at Brick NYC were not very good at all but the night overall was fun!
Had a great time here! The songs were fun and energizing, and the song choices are what you'd expect at a dueling piano show or karaoke, but it got the room singing and dancing. The musicians interacted with the audience just enough to make it interesting (polling us, cheering contests resulting in free shots, etc.), but not anything uncomfortable like dragging people up to the stage unwillingly. I'm sure the crowd also has a lot to do with the experience, and on the night I went, everyone was just really laidback and into it, so it was a lot of fun.  The room is a little small/cramped, but that didn't really detract from the experience. If you're on the waitlist (which we were) it's likely you'll be able to snag a seat eventually, but to be safe it's probably best to buy a ticket in advance. And sure, they play selections based on what tips they get, but I haven't ever been to a dueling piano show where that wasn't the case.
So, I may be biased. I love any kind of live musical performance.  However, I think all of my friends who have been would agree that dueling pianos is probably the purest form of melodic fun that exists. My first dueling piano show was in Vegas and I was worried that when I went back home to NYC I wouldn't be able to get my fill.  Well, harrumph! I was totally wrong. I've been to Tobacco Road 3ish times now, and, as advertised, it's never been the same show twice. And it's always been ridiculously fun.   The last time I went, one of my friends requested the "Education Connection" song (yes, from the commercial).  When one of the piano players (Mark, the awesome owner of Shake Rattle & Roll, I believe) started the opening chords, I lost it.  I have never been so overjoyed at a commercial NOR have I ever laughed that hard. I would upload the video but most of what you'll hear is me shrieking and shouting, "OH MY GOD! I AM GOING TO DIE. THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER."  I laughed so hard it hurt my belly.  It was like church laughter only I didn't bother to hold it in. Also, at one point one of my friends requested "Bills, Bills, Bills" and an extremely talented mustached man nicknamed "Pauly Fingers" executed it excellently.  Every female (and male?) in my group fell immediately in love with him. I don't think it would be as fun for us if the players and the really great drummer (Andrew?) weren't having so much fun.  Every piano player I've seen at Tobacco Road is disgustingly talented, completely at home on stage and does a great job at bonding with the crowd.  Even though they must play the same songs a billion times, they make it seem like each time is the first, last, and best. I would go every weekend but I don't want to be "that girl" who is always there...   Or do I? Actually, my REAL dream is to be a drummer for dueling pianos. SOME DAY.
I wasn't sure what to expect before the show started. First the bar was plain and simple a bar. The staff are nice. The two dudes playing the pianos are awesome and funny. It is a place to bring a date or a group of people. Expect to cough up some money to hear your selection request (not that much money). Go bring your date or a group of people, and pre-game before you get there. cheers!
These guys played at Club Getaway in Kent CT and it was one of my favorite parts of the whole weekend! They really rocked the house and really knew how to play to the (large, 250+) crowd! Everyone was standing on the picnic tables to see and there wasn't a soul in the room who wasn't dancing.  I just wish they would come play up in Boston.
Had a great night with my fiance and a group of friends for my 31st birthday.  The two guys are pretty funny, silly/raunchy at times (I agree with the bachelorette type comments, but hey, I will be having my bachelorette party in a few months and I am sure I will act just as drunk and silly).  I had the wonderful opportunity of coming up on the stage for a birthday song and a free "shot".  Overall a great time.  It did start a bit (30-40 mins) late and the beer selection was lacking (I am a beer snob).  I wish it started more like 8 PM - I guess I am getting old. Overall, I would highly recommend.  A nice change for a Saturday night in NYC!
Went to Shake Rattle & Roll last Saturday night for a friend's birthday and had a blast. These guys were hilarious and very talented. Great for large parties. Thanks for an awesome time! We'll definitely be back.
Had a great time at this dueling piano show. The guys on the piano were entertaining and did a good job keeping the audience engaged, singing, and dancing. I was surprised they did not know the song You Can't Hurry Love by the Supremes. Its a classic.  Regardless I will be back!
Okay, in the interest of being completely honest, this is not the show for everyone.  You will probably not enjoy the show if you: 1) Do not like loud and raucous crowds 2)  Do not like frequent f-bombs and sex jokes 3) Do not enjoy and/or are not familiar with American music staples However, if you don't meet any of the previous criteria you will probably have an awesome time at this place.  Two guys play music, sing, crack jokes, generally get the crowd going wild...what's not to like?  There is a two-drink minimum, but it's not anything that will break the bank.   One thing to note..though in some other reviews I have seen that they do not pull random people on stage, that is not really the case.  One couple got pulled up (they had just gotten engaged) and were "encouraged" to sing and dance to some rather embarrassing lyrics.  All in good fun, but I'm pretty sure the girl wasn't that comfortable having her future husband point to her "squeeze box" in front of a large crowd of people.   And one other thing to know, most likely you will get seated with random people at your table, which can be an interesting experience.  I spent most of the night trying to avoid eye contact and avoid getting drinks spilled on by a rather loud and drunk girl.  Ah, good times.
Shake Rattle & Roll Dueling Pianos is FANTASTIC!  I love hearing Mark play!  He was my after party entertainment at my wedding and was absolutely amazing (as usual).  The people at the after party wants to know when and where they can see a dueling piano show again.  Since it was such a highlight of my wedding I will have dueling pianos as my Anniversary party in June!  Great Job as always!
Shake Rattle & Roll Dueling Pianos at Tobacco Road is about the keyboard players making money (and they have no problem letting you know this the minute they hit the stage).  If you happen to have a good time while this is happening then you are lucky. There's a $10 cover charge, okay.  And a two drink minimum, okay.  But if you suggest a song and want it  played, you better submit it to one of the keyboard players with some cold hard cash (more money means your song moves to the top of the play list, you can also pay to have a song from being played).  If you don't cough up the dough, then don't waste you time with a song recommendation because they won't play it.   The players -- the guy with the hat, Mike and the drummer were pretty good but Josh (the other keyboard player) on the other hand leaves much to be desired.  He was constantly fixing his Justin Bieber hair and checking his iPhone (so distracting!)  for, what I'm assuming was, song lyrics (really, who doesn't know the words to Crocodile Rock?) In short, skip this and go to Brandy's on the UES or Marie's Crisis Cafe.  They at least know how to be subtle, throw in a free song every now and then, and know the lyrics.
Lots of potential (great concept, decent musicians, predictable and rehearsed but still somewhat witty banter with the crowd) but they fall short by catering to the drunken 20 something bachelorette crowd (about 20% of the room) and ignoring the majority who sat there groaning and starved for some fun entertainment. In the 2 hours that I was there, they couldn't have played more than a dozen songs (or parts of songs)...despite numerous requests being passed up. (and BTW, I was OK with the pay-for-play concept...I just wish they'd cut back on the sales pitch...not fun to listen to them beg) Guys...look at your audience next time...most of us (30s, 40s and even some 50s) were there in groups of 2, 3 or 4 and beyond wishing her well, didn't really care too much about Ashley from Ronkonkoma and her upcoming nuptuals. Is it too much to ask for less jokes about bride-to-be Allison's vagina and more music? Did you notice people walking out after just an hour and a half? It wasn't because the sitter had to be home by midnight. Venue isn't too bad...not quite as packed as local comedy or music clubs...limited but sufficient bar service (bottled beer, basic wine choices, well drinks and a few not-quite-top-shelf liquors) with friendly waitstaff.
Such a fun night!  Went here for my sister's bachelorette and we had a blast :)  The musicians were talented and they called Jenn (the bachelorette) up on stage for a very fun song.  Highly recommend this for a special event as there were a bunch of people celebrating birthdays and bachelorettes!  It's good even if you're not celebrating and it's such a fun show. Only reason I knocked it down a star was the service (slow) and also we got double charged for a few things.  We were in a rush to go to the next place and it was a special occasion so wasn't worth dealing with, but keep an eye out on those things when you go!
Fantastic time at this club - organized my sister's bachelorette party here on a Saturday night. Mark reserved the front-and-center table for our group, and I couldn't have picked better seats. The guys' piano, vocal, and repartee skills were amazing. They are able to play virtually any of 100 requests thrown at them - all while singing along and engaging the crowd! All of my requests were played, and I enjoyed the "what's the mystery song" trivia game. I was dancing and singing along to every song by the end of the night... I even played the tambourine for a few songs! They seem to really enjoy interacting with and engaging the audience, and it made for a fun-filled, inviting experience. I recommend this outing if you're into live music, like to interact with performers, and want to have a unique experience - great for group outings! My sister and I wanted something simple to plan but extremely fun for a group of about 10, and this couldn't have been a better fit. Whenever I'm back in town to visit her, I'll be looking up Shake Rattle & Roll! Highly recommend!
I took my best friend to see Shake Rattle and Roll for her bachelorette party and everyone had an amazing time! Mark was extremely helpful with helping make sure our plans were all set and the band was very attentive to our group. We definitely plan to attend another event with them!
These guys REALLY know their stuff...their show always entertains and they keep everything moving well.  Whenever I've gone, there's been a bachelorette party, some people celebrating a special birthday or some other occasion, and the guys made it a night to remember for the honoree and did it in a way that made each and everyone involved in the festivities...
Went to Shake Rattle & Roll last weekend and had such an amazing time!!  They are amazing!!  I loved their sense of humor, the way they got the crowd involved, it was the best time I have had in a long time!  I honestly have told all of my friends and family and cannot wait to return!  The guys really love crowd participation and invite you to sing along as well!  This is definitely a Must See, make your reservation, you will not regret it.
Very energetic and a they create a really fun night for everyone
There's not really a way to split the ratings to make this fair: it's a 5 for bachelorette parties and a 1 for just about anyone else, except maybe single dudes looking to pick up bachelorettes. They spend a lot of time getting the bachelorettes on stage and are constantly talking about how much money people are giving them to play requests. That was within two songs of getting there. Also, they had the bachelorette parties centered on each side of the stage but literally sat my fiancee and I next to the stairs as far away from the stage as possible. Also - it's dueling keyboards, not dueling pianos. I took a cheese class at the same venue a while ago. Hey Brick - stick to cheese, you don't have the sound system for over 100 people in your basement. Anyway, the bachelorettes seemed to be having a great time so it wouldn't be fair to put up a lower ratingg.
rock, rattle and roll like a hurricane!
Mark is a great guy.  We have seen mark at several venues and the show is always great.  Shake Rattle and Roll Dueling Pianos has such a large number of songs to play that they can cater to the needs of everyone in the audience, and if you don't like what hes playing, just present more dead presidents than the last guy and move you song to the top of the list.  To top it all off, these guys are really funny and keep up with popular music (however terrible it may be) and do what they can to make it better.
This place was awesome! The musicians did an amazing job, super talented and got the crowd excited. One critique if I had to make one was the place is a little small but I think that also adds to the fun. Definitely recommend going with a group for a birthday, or just a fun activity.
