25 cent piping hot dumplings, straight from a giant flaming wok. What is there not to love?? The sesame pancakes are on point, but I would recommend the ones with filling as the regular pancakes are a little bland. I had the pork and beef ones, both of which were pretty tasty. Obviously this is a take out place, but there are 2 crates and a cardboard box out front if you decide to stay and eat. Yes the place looks like a health inspectors nightmare, but get real, where else can you find a delicious meal for less than $5.
Still very tasty and inexpensive. Now 4 for $1 (instead of 5). The soy sauce and sriracha sauces are watered down...but the focus is on the dumplings.
Ahhh! I ordered 4 sesame pancake (two ducks, one chicken, one regular., only found 3 when I got home (I'm missing a duck!!). WTF. Give me my $1.75 back!! They always rush you. So go in there knowing what you want to order. They should really invest in having a cash register or at least a calculator. They always calculate a big order in their head. Because I was in a hurry, I didn't calculate how much my total would be. But I'm pretty sure I overpay by $1 (well technically $2.75 since they forgot one of my duck sesame pancakes). but hey $1 is a lot in Chinatown. That's another 5 delicious dumplings!!
Prosperity Dumpling is all hands down the BEST dumpling shop in NYC.  The skin is thin and crispy and the inside is always flavorable and juicy. I'm lucky enough to live right downstairs to the place =D The price is also a plus...$1 for 5 incredible  dumpings... yummm!
I dream about these sesame pancakes. So many times I get home from work and think about how it's cheaper and so much more rewarding for me to go grab a pancake from here, rather than make my own dinner. Yes, I'm getting a little plump from all the fried bread, but being thin does not feel better than how delicious this food tastes.
Dang, how can you fault a $1 plate of food?  Fried dumplings are better, but you get more of them steamed.  Sesame pancake was so-so -- the pork was pretty fatty and ended up in the trash but the rest was yummy.  (I should've just gone veggie.) Very filling and didn't come back to haunt us later (as you might expect a $1 plate of food would). No real place to sit and this little hole-in-the-wall could scare some people away.
You know the food is good and clean in this dumpy place in Chinatown because white people eat here :)
Probably not the best dumplings I've ever had, but they are pretty good and amazingly cheap. Not just amazingly cheap, but ridiculously cheap. I had 10 boiled dumplings, a scallion pancake and a soda and I could barely finish. It was $3.50. The store is teeny tiny and a bit disorganized but for the price, who cares.
These DUMPLINGS are made of DREAMS! If you are looking for a dumpling worth getting lost to in Chinatown. Worth doing backflips for and you can't even do backflips. While waiting in a tiny shop that feels like a sauna but in reality it's the entryway to your bite of heaven! Look no further. Chive and pork dumplings aim to be noticed here. Look at these 2000+ reviews and how reviewers are astonished by these lovely dumplings. This is not hype, everyone is trying to spread the cheer, the joy. Let one bite of wonderfulness creep up on your heart and revive your beliefs in dumplings one more time. Fresh, juicy, hot dumplings are worth being a product of admiration, go see for yourself. Let's keep adding on the reviews!
This place is as good as the reviews say! Had the vegetable dumplings for $3. They were very flavorful and really hot. We opened the box and the steam just wafted out. We also tried the scallion pancake. It was so fluffy and so good. Have had the scallion pancake at a couple of other places but this place really nails it. And its just a $!
Although this place, and its sister store on Clinton St., has been on a lot of NYC cheap eats lists, I wasn't too surprised that I hadn't visited it before because well, it's a hole in the wall. Seating for no more than six or seven people, and a kitchen that dominates the shop. Judge not a shop by it's exterior facade, but by the food within. I ended up trying their fried chive and pork dumplings and the sesame cake. There's very few places in the city that you can fill up on $2 worth of food, and this is one of them. The dumplings were fried to crispy perfection - and as authentic as it gets. The sesame cake was pretty bland, and probably would've benefited with some meat filling, but it was generous portion-size for the cost. Overall, this is a great little place for a quick bite.
I've tried a few of the popular dumpling joints around Chinatown and tonight, I found the one that trumps them all: Prosperity Dumpling! After a light meal at Dumpling House, I decided to try Prosperity at the other end of Eldridge Street and now I can't believe I had wasted tummy space on four mediocre dumplings at Dumpling House!!! (Not to badmouth Dumpling House; I love everything else they offer!) Prosperity's dumplings are simply excellent, freshly made and yes, 5 for a whole dollar. The dumpling shell is thinnest among the spots I've tried, and that only leaves more room for the savory finely-ground pork and chive filling, so they're pretty large by comparison. These nuggets of delish-ness are so flavorful that I felt no extra condiment was required. Their menu also offers a variety of soups and sesame pancakes which I'm sure to sample very soon. Next time you feel that overwhelming craving for dumplings (and it's ok, it happens to the best of us) go for Prosperity Dumplings! Seating: 5 barstools Interior: Clean, charmingly dingy? xD / Tomodachi Ian: "Borrowed straight from a creepy horror movie set" Special Notes: they offer chopsticks as opposed to plastic forks for efficient transport of dumpling to mouth
Really good stuff and ridiculously cheap.  FYI if you aren't eating it with the vinegar sauce you are doing it wrong.  You think you dislike vinegar - you just don't know.
This is one of those places where I debate how many people I should tell because I loved it so much and don't want to ruin a good thing.  I'll start by saying you don't come for the scenery, the decor, or the service.  There's just one thing to expect: GOOD DUMPLINGS. Let's do some dumpling math... 2 orders of #4, 1 order of #5, 1 order of #6 and 1 order of #18= 30 dumplings and 4 pork buns: all for $7! #4: fried chive and pork dumplings come 5 per order...crispy bottom with a juicy savory middle waiting to burst into your mouth.  The skin is light and not too chewy without falling apart.  You need at least 2 orders.  I inhaled my styrofoam container's worth.  My favorite of the day. #5: steamed chive and pork come 10 per order...same as above but for those who have something against pan-fried foods.  It's also delicious and well worth a try. #6: steamed pork with chinese vegetables: a little more salty than the chive/pork dumplings, probably don't need as much soy sauce as a result.  I wish they also fried these beauties. #18: fried pork buns...almost as good as the ones my mom makes.  Unfortunately it was freezing so by the time we got to these, they weren't as crispy as they were soaked in condensation...I'd advise braving the 7'x7' waiting area and noshing on these while they're hot. You can't go wrong but making the extra walk outside of the touristy part of Chinatown...there's a reason the locals all flock here.
Vanessa's ain't got shit on this place.
These are some mighty tasty dumplings. 5 for $1.  WHAT?? My food was thrown down on the counter with a grunt.  But I don't care. There are not too many places to eat them in the shop.  But I don't care. It does seem a little dirty. But I don't care.   No dipping sauce given to me.  But I don't care. I am a dumpling addict.  Yes, they are that good.
Our family decided to separate to shop the streets of Chinatown. Of course I decide to instead search for this place. I had to try it after reading all these reviews. I walked in the hot hot sun to arrive at this little hole in the wall. I decided to order the boiled shrimp dumplings ($4 for 8),boiled vegetable dumplings ($3.5 for 8), and the sesame pancake ($1) The dumplings were pretty good. Enjoyed the shrimp more than the vegetable, which was mostly cabbage. Thought those had a little odd aftertaste, but liked that they had a little kick. I liked how they have the boiled and pan fried options, because I definitely prefer to not have greasy dumplings. Thought there was a good amount of filling, but goodness way too much wrapper, so as guilty as I felt, I didn't eat the entire outside But OMG, the sesame pancake.... So good and to think I almost didn't order it.  Only $1, I could eat this everyday. My belly might not appreciate it, but my tastebuds would. Again, greasy fried dough, but hey, I'm only on vacation for a couple more days. It was crunchy on the outside and oh so chewy on the inside. It was huge and I ate it all! Couldn't stop myself...best sesame pancake So, I would give the dumplings 3 stars, but the sesame pancake is definitely 5
#fuckingsolid
Prosperity dumpling is the definition of hole in the wall. I stumbled upon this place while I was in NYC last summer and just wondered in. I was drawn in by the small crowd that was forming right outside the tiny shop. I poked my head in to see what it was all about. DUMPLINGS GALORE! My eyes lit up and I starting running through memories of my mom making me dumplings and I had to try some. This place is really cheap, by really I mean like 10 dumplings for like $2.00. Say what? The crazy part was that it was soo good. Real Chinese dumplings made to order your way. You can get it fried or just steamed. Like I said before, there isn't really anywhere to sit because it is so small and ideal for ordering and eating it else where. I'll Be back!
The dumplings here are not the best I've ever had, but they're certainly among the cheapest. The pan-fried ones can be a little greasy, but they're crispy so it's fine. The boiled ones are pretty good, with very meaty fillings. The hot sauce in the sriracha bottle is definitely watered-down - sad days. One other gripe is I had to eat my dumplings staring at a mutant cockroach the size of ritz cracker that had crawled up onto the counter.
Well, there isn't much to be said that hasn't already been stated. This place has been on my list to try for a LONG time, but I wasnt going to make a special trip for it. I had some friends in town, and we were in the relative area, so I decided to stop by. We werent even hungry, as we had just scarfed down a bunch of sushi about an hour earlier. We forced ourselves to split an order 5 pork and chive dumplings for a buck. Im glad we did. Took them to the nearby "park" and gobbled them down feverishly. Now, I just may make a special trip to C-town for some dumplings. -Not the grocery store, the neighborhood.
The storefront is REALLY tiny. Barely big enough to hold everyone on the inevitable line. Like a few other dumpling places around town, tourists seem to have latched on to this place. The 5 for $1 fried dumplings are pretty good.  Better than quite a few of their 4 for $1 competitors. The sesame pancakes are good with any of the meat or veg fillers available. The menu also has noodles, soups and is wide enough, even if the space isn't. Prepare to get food to go. The few spots to sit will be taken up by people waiting for their orders.
My coworker's daughter goes to school near Chinatown so she constantly brings in dumplings to feed us fools! We've tried from dozens of places and all agree that these are the best. The dumpling to filling ratio is ideal, they aren't too greasy, and even after being transported several blocks they still maintain their texture and flavor. I could easily gobble down dozens of these, but I try to resist. I want one now!
Sure, this place is a dirty hole in the wall, but you get what you pay for. This place is CHEAP! If you find yourself in downtown Manhattan with a hankering for a shitload of delicious dumplings, I highly recommend a trip to Prosperity Dumpling. The dumplings are tasty, though the dough itself is not impeccable. Can't complain too much when you can get 5 morsels for $1. The price list looks like it might be a misprint or something they forgot to replace back in 1995. Way better than Austerity Dumpling.
The dumplings were mouth watering!! Super delicious!I had the fried chives and pork dumplings and I tried my friend's shrimp dumplings! The shrimp dumplings were right on point! The shrimp tasted fresh and not fishy, and it had a very good texture-it wasn't grounded up. Also the chef added some cabbages with the shrimp in the dumplings giving it more moisture and juice! I had Vanessa's shrimp dumplings last time, and it wasn't as good because the filling only consisted of shrimp making the dumpling a little dry. Furthermore, the thickness of the skin/dough was perfect! Not to thick, not too thin. The meat and dough go very well together. At the restaurant, the cashier/chefs were very efficient and had a great system in the restaurant! There was a long line of a least 10 the entire time, but orders were taken and given out very quickly and accurately! I was very impressed! The price was so cheap but the quality was very good! I loved the soy bean milk the most! It tasted home made! You can smell the strong aroma of the soy bean and taste quality of the milk! It wasn't watered down! The lady added the sugar before pouring the soy milk and the sweetness was exactly what I wanted. Not too sweet but sweet enough. The biggest down side is that the place is very small. The were four seats  in the restaurant and a small table outside of the restaurant, but it's very difficult to sit there with the amount of ppl coming in to order! It's better to take your food out and go eat at the park on Hester and Eldridge.
This is a must-come if you want cheap dumplings. They've been slowly raising their prices, but hey - that extra .25 they're charging for 8 dumplings paid for a brand-new used plastic drawer to hold their plastic spoons, so who's complaining now?? Seriously, you get a ton of dumplings major cheap. Their vegetable sesame pancake is really good... Other than that, order to go and skip the feeling of dozens of tourist backpacks hitting you in the face in the tiny seating area.
For any broke college person, this is the money saver! (BTW CASH ONLY) I'm actually a little sad to read that the dumpling price changed from 4 fried dumplings for 1$ rather than 5 but it's still a good deal! This rise in food price everywhere sucks and it's screwing people over. So go as often as you can (I used to go about once a week) to get a bag of 50 frozen dumplings to take home too! (Easy to cook, boil water, throw in the dumplings and boil it till it's ready) Anyways, there's little space to sit so don't expect to find a bathroom or seat for a party of 3 or more unless you go at an awkward time (like 3PM-5PM). All the food on the menu is pretty delicious. Be aware, the sriracha sauce is watered down. (It's probably because they don't want the dumplings too spicy and to save money) I recommend the sesame pancakes like a lot of people. It's basically like eating a sandwich with a good flavor combo of little sweet and saltiness. The duck is pretty good, but if you like cute ducks, go for the chicken. All in all, you can really feed your empty stomach for less than $5.
This place is amazing.  It is literally a tiny hole in the wall - you order your food through a hole in the wall and there are a couple of tiny counters along each side wall for you to eat.  When I first got there, the menu confused me.  Is that $1 per dumpling?  No, it's five dumplings for $1!  Still confused, I decided to get 10 dumplings for a measly $2 (I gave the guy $3 because it just seemed wrong).  The dumplings were delicious! I'm not sure I would ever return to Chinatown just for this place, but if I'm ever in the area and hungry, this is definitely a quick and cheap fix!
Now I love cheap food. Like, REALLY love it. Everyone knows that who's read my reviews. How is it possible to give a place less than a perfect score, for getting 5 pork dumplings (fried ones at that!) for $1. Like how could I of all people be such a hypocrite?! Well I'll TELL YOU WHY! Of the reviews I've read about this place, people have left out one VERY important element. Now I will admit I haven't read all the reviews about this place, there are over 450, in my defense. But I feel like, after going here, there was something that I noticed right off the bat that people decided to leave out in their reviews. This place is in CHINA TOWNNNNN!!! Not the cool outskirts that some young people are living in now, I'm talking about down a dark alley practically! I went here at night time and that street is not well lit, it's a spot that really I would NEVER go to if the dumplings weren't so damn cheap, and pretty damn good, excuse my french. Either way if you don't mind venturing off the beaten path (or if you live near this place) then this is the spot for you. Honestly if it was around St. Marks this place would be an easy 5 star spot for me, but I can't do it...maybe they will open another one somewhere there!
The dumpling skin is a lot thinner than Vanessa's! Mine was kinda burnt but despite that it had good taste. And the sesame pancake with veggie filling had great flavor and had a bit of a spicy kick! Super cheap!!
Holly crap, me and my friend ate Delicious dumplings her with drinks and the onion cakes for under 7 dollars. Wow. the dumplings are perfectly made and the onion cakes are super thick and fluffy. This place is literally a hole in the wall and has little seating. Well Worth it though.
Cheap and Delicious! The steamed dumplings are so juicy; they are actually tastier than the fried ones. Its a tiny little hole in the wall that creates magical edibles. These dumplings travel really well too. Just reheat in microwave and its like you just got them off the wok. They are so yummy; they don't need dipping sauce. No bathroom access.
There are few places in New York where you can find an incredibly cheap, yet incredibly satisfying, quality meal. Prosperity happens to be one of those places. The place is cramped, has few seats and usually has lines outside the door. But you expect that...and trust me, none of it matters once you actually taste the food. The dumplings are crispy, juicy little shells of deliciousness. The sesame pancake is glorious. This is the place that got me hooked on Chinatown dumplings, and when all's said and done, it remains my favorite dumpling spot of all.
PROS + Fast and cheap + Really good dumplings for its price + Authentic CONS + Really tight quarters here + Dont hang around unless you want you and your clothes to smell like grease DUMPLINGS have an ample amount of meaty filling. Skin is a bit thick for my taste but typical for most places. Greasy.
Best price for dumplings. It cost more money to buy and make the dumplings yourself. Duck sandwich is also pretty good
A hole-in-the-wall joint that's about the size of a small walk-in closet, Prosperity Dumpling does it right.  I have zero complaints about cheap + good food. $1 gets you 5 fried pot stickers with chives and pork. $2 gets you 10 chives and pork boiled dumplings, or 8 vegetarian dumplings, or 10 Chinese vegetable and pork dumplings. You can complete your meal with a side of sesame pancake (75 cents), a piping hot cup of sweet soymilk (75 cents), or a variety of other kinds of soups and side dishes, ranging in price from 75 cents to $3.  In fact, I think the most expensive item on the menu is $3. I got an order of 10 chives and pork boiled dumplings, and my friend got vegetarian dumplings with sesame pancake and soymilk.  The dumplings were boiled fresh and piping hot.  This is probably always the case since they seem to have quick turnover of foods because of the place's popularity - the place was crowded even on a random weekday night.   Both kinds of dumplings were solid, and although a few of the dumplings' skins broke (I don't like when this happens because it means the dough was kind of thin/flimsy), it still tasted wonderful.  There was a substantial amount of filling, and it was all flavorful. The soymilk was thick and good too, the way it should be. Total cost of a hearty dinner for two: $5.50 You really can't beat that price ANYWHERE.  And this stuff is actually GOOD.  And FRESH.  Tastes like home.  I'll take this over anything on fast food 99-cent value menus! Wow, it looks like it IS possible to eat cheap and eat well in NYC!
DELICIOUS, dirty little dumpling spot in Chinatown!   Went here last night with my cousin and boy did we get our GRUB on and all for UNDER TEN DOLLARS!   Don't come here if you're looking for a nice, sit-down restaurant as they have no tables.  Don't come here if you're easily grossed out by dive restaurants. DO COME HERE if you want tasty pork dumplings (warning, they do not have soup/steamed dumplings), dirt cheap prices and super friendly dumpling chefs. Must try:  the SEASEME BEEF pancake!  Filled with delicious cilantro, pickled carrots, beef wrapped in a thick seaseme crusted pancake.  Can't beat the $1 price. Love the soy sauce in the siracha bottles.  Can't wait to come back after a long night of partying.  Me hungry! Heard the line can get nasty long so go on an off day or late in the evening.  (Its across from a Middle School).
Since this is review #735 of Prosperity Dumpling, I'll keep it brief. We were looking for some delicious cheap eats and luckily were in the LES (read: close to Chinatown)...I looked up reviews and thought that Prosperity Dumpling was "the one", so we walked over; then I saw it, the bare bones exterior, the limited menu, hmm....as we were about to head off for another spot a customer came out and suggested we 'would be sorry' if we didn't give it a try. How right he was :) There aren't many options on the menu, and it's sooo inexpensive that we decided to sample most of them...the Chive and Pork Dumplings are perfect, as are both the Vegetable and the Beef Sesame Pancakes. The Breakdown: Price 5+ "A" rating from NY Health Dept 5+ External appearance of location 1 Who cares about the appearance when the food is amazing 5+ Amazing food 5+ Enjoy!
I'm a believer!  I've been converted to trekking all the way to Chinatown for these filling dumplings when I am feeling especially low in funds.  I get 10 dumplings for $2 and leave a happy customer every time.  The dining area can get crowded, which is why I like to sneak in between 11am and noon.  I definitely would recommend eating there if you find a free stool against the wall, because you really want to open the styrofoam container and get hit with the hot rush of dumpling-infused steam before the dumplings cool down.  Or, on a nice day, the Sara D. Roosevelt park is just around the corner, where the many benches allow you to scarf the dumplings down amidst the bustle of Chinatown.
Meh. The dumplings aren't bad, and the astoundingly low price adds a star in its own right, but they're very basic and the pi is a little thick for my taste. Not bad for a quick, cheap snack but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Absolutely Amazing Dumplings! My husband and I came to Prosperity Dumpling on Saturday. The line was long but it moved pretty quickly. The place is super small and cramped. There is no seating inside and about four stools outside of the restaurant. We ordered (2) number 17's which were the fried pork and chive dumplings and a (10) piece steamed shrimp and cabbage dumpling. The total price came out to $5.50!!!! How cheap is that?? The dumplings were soooooooo good that we came back the next day!. This time I decided to try the pork and chive dumplings .... They were even better than the shrimp and cabbage! If your ever in Chinatown, make your way to Prosperity Dumplings!
I was staying with my friends in Chinatown and they would not stop raving about this place so I decided to check it out. I ordered 16 pork pan fried dumplings and a sesame pancake sandwich with chicken all for $6 (dumplings are 4 for $1, sandwich is $2). HOLY SHIT! It was delicious. Literally the best food I've had in YEARS. The dumplings were big and cooked to perfection. The pork was savory and juicy. Just perfect. They had this soy/vinegar sauce so I doused my dumplings in them and noms, delicious! The sesame sandwich was nothing like I've ever had before. The sesame was chewy yet crispy and so delicious. The chicken was tender and cut up very nicely and garnished with cilantro and carrots. DELICIOUS. I put Siracha on it and it was heavenly. This meal really was surreal. I like dream about it and wish I lived in Chinatown just for this place. If you are in NYC, you HAVE to come here. This place is really marvelous. NOTE: They close at 10:30 pm and not 10 pm. Make sure you put their soy sauce/vinegar sauce!! CASH ONLY!!!
Amazing, amazing little hole in the wall. I'm not sure how much has changed, but the last time I went with my boyfriend was about two years ago, and it was probably the best thing that happened to us while we were in Chinatown. Super, super cheap and deliciousness--you really cannot go wrong. Honestly. They worked very quickly for the hoards of customers coming in. Also, the fact that little high school students stopped by after school here is an indicator that it's beyond affordable and I'm sure they know of all the good dumpling joints around town. It's best if you get it to-go. Place isn't exactly a sit-down sort of restaurant. Go crazy with the sauces too. They're there for a reason.
I'm not religious but I felt the need to yell AMEN! when I tried these dumplings. They're really good. The food alone is 4 stars but 5 dumplings for $1??? Really? That's a full, filling meal for $1! The place is small and it's more of a stand with a big kitchen than a restaurant. I'm gonna try their scallion pancake next time along with getting the dumplings again. I can't wait to go back!
20 cent dumplings?  MY ASIAN SENSES ARE TINGLING!!! Not only was it ridiculously cheap -- it was actually pretty good!  I'm not going to say it's the best I've had, but surely the cheapest. I like teh boiled chives and pork.  Its pretty large, and it has enough depth of flavor to make me a huge fan.  The sauce is a must have to cut into that rich pork. yelp.com/biz_photos/-WJt… The fried is okay, same filling, but just fried.  My friends liked the fried ones more than I did.  To each his own. yelp.com/biz_photos/-WJt…
5 amazingly juicy chive and pork fried dumplings for only $1?! Hard to beat that for a good deal.  Stopped by this place for lunch on a Saturday and was blown away by how amazing the dumplings were.  Juicy meat in the middle with fragrant chives and a crisp skin - great ratio of skin to meat as well.  We also tried the boiled vegetable dumplings (8 for $2!!!) which were decent (good filling - vermicelli, mushrooms, cabbage, carrots), though my personal preference would be steamed. it was really quite remarkable how perfect the fried dumplings were given the speed of distribution.  While there were quite a few people dropping in shouting out their orders as they walked through the entrance into the small dining / order space, the boxes of of dumplings were distributed almost as soon as spanned the 7-8 or so feet required to get to the cashier.   Overall a great place for a quick, cheap, filling, and tasty lunch.  Will for certain come back!
Deelicious.
Vegetable dumplings are awesome. Really inexpensive but the space is really really tiny, but its good nonetheless.
if you are ever in chinatown and hungry and do not want to spend a shit load of money for good food. this is the place to go to. yes it may be a small hole in the wall with no seating, but gosh darn it it was the best dumplings ive ever tasted in my life. the soup was delicious too!  Don't believe me, look at me sister's review below! :)   I am wishing i had those dumplings to eat right now!!
One dollar. Four delicious pork and chive dumplings. These are some of the tastiest and freshest dumplings I've ever had and I paid with change! Definitely worth the stop if you feel like dumplings.
Once again the best Dumplings in the WORLD! Don't be shy when you go their, don't order in front of the teller as he don't got time, you order when you already know what you want ! Best pancakes as well !
After eating some of the frozen dumplings that I bought from here, my boo found a hair in one of them. Yuck. Maybe it's a fluke, but it's pretty gross when you think about it.
So pants-busting full on just $3! Love watching them produce tons of tasty dumplings right in front of you.
All of it. All of it is true. 5 for 1 dolla.
Very cheap and pretty delicious dumplings. The sesame pancakes are awesome. Stop by Roosevelt park with a handful in the evening for a Temple of Heaven / any real Chinese park experience.
This place is fantastic.  Where else in NYC can you get a meal for $2.  I usually get the bag of 50 frozen ones and enjoy them at home.  The dumplings here are some of the best.  The skin is just the right thickness and texture.  Each dumpling comes with a good amount of filling and it is so juicy when they come out hot off the pan.  YUM!
There is not much more that can be said about this place.  It's a hole in the wall that turns out a ton of food for loyal regular customers and Yelpers alike.  You aren't going to find anything amazing other than solid dumplings and great sesame pancake sandwiches for dirt cheep prices.  I got the Peking duck sesame pancake and steamed scallion pork dumplings in soup (8) for under $6.  Dumplings are good, simple dumplings, broth is tasty, but the sesame pancake (more like light fluffy fried sesame bread) makes for a good vehicle for the pickled carrots, cilantro and greens.  Add a little soy sauce and sriracha to taste and this sandwich is a meal in and of itself.  If you are in the area, check it out.
I've only had them once, but I crave their chives and pork fried dumplings ALL. THE. TIME. So flavorful and crispy to the right extent. It's unfortunate that they literally only seat 2 people.
So delicious!!! Tiny hole in the wall but this place is the stuff of legends. Counter service only and hardly any seating...even on rainy disgusting days its SO BUSY, but the food comes pretty quickly so don't fret.
Prosperity Dumpling trumps nearby Vanessa's Dumpling House, by just a tad bit. Not only do you get 5 fried pork dumplings for $1 (versus just 4) here, but the dumpling wrapper is thinner, less doughy and more elastic. I think the pork and chive filling taste pretty similar at the two shops... although Prosperity's seems to use more ginger. I have yet to try the sesame pancake sandwiches or any other item menus here. But as of right now, the pork and chive dumplings here are a sure winner.
Best dumplings in the city.  Move over Vanessa, your lust for profit has dethroned you as the queen of pork and chive goodness. I take all of my friends here simply because it's so cheap and delicious, and you get 5 for $1, the way dumplings should be.  I don't want to hear about your $1.25 for 5 or your $1 for 4, get that shit out of here.
5 dumplings for $1?? Yes, please! Dumpling was yummy and juicy. Tiny tiny place, but I don't care because I don't eat in. Sanitation wise, very questionable. -1 star. It's $1 dumpling, so who cares.
You can eat a meal here for under 2 dollars. Just think about that. Come with some friends and order everything on the menu and then have a picnic in the park down the street, watching Chinatown's grandparents coddling their little emperors. Not to be missed are the sesame pancake sandwiches. Also if you, like me, are a poor, buy 50 or 100 frozen dumplings for 10 or 15 dollars. It'll feed you for a week/ten days.
dumpling are so cheap, I think they set the prices back when Chinatown opened in the 1870's and they forgot to change them. Sesame pancakes are also amazing. But the most surprising part by far: the A sanitation grade.
This isn't even up for debate. Dumplings--plump, filled to the uttermost, delicious dumplings. And cheap too. The place is incredibly tiny and so if you want to eat there, just know that space is scarce. It is New York, after all. The pork and chive dumplings (steamed or fried, either is solid) is a surefire winner, you can't go wrong. Amazing. Didn't order anything else, though there are much more to choose from, but if the pork and chive dumplings are indicative of the quality of the rest of Prosperity's food, then yes, a 5/5 it is. If and when I return to New York, I will surely return to Prosperity Dumpling.
Everyone goes NUTS for this place because you get a lot of bang for your buck. You can get about 10 dumplings for about 3 or 4 dollars. This place has only a couple stools for you to sit and eat in but the place is always packed anyways so don't even bother! Anyways, I've tried the pork steamed dumplings, vegetable dumplings and shrimp dumplings. My favorite is definitely the pork ones. They don't skim on the meat and it's quit juicy! I would not recommend the shrimp ones though. It' mostly filled with cabbage and couple of TINY shrimps. My only complain for this place is that the skin is a bit thick.
4 fried pork and chive dumplings for $1  -- WOO HOO! Everyone enjoys a well prepared dumpling and this place does the job!  There are lots of dumpling shops all throughout Chinatown but you might as well add this on your food tour if you're walking through the area.  I tried the fried dumplings and it's exactly how you would want them prepared...Crispy skin, juicy meaty insides.   I generally prefer the boiled dumplings if they are freshly cooked because when you bite into the skin, the soupy insides burst into your mouth.  That's how you know it's WELL prepared!   Inside, there's limited seating and this is not a place of high quality service so don't expect either.  You'll see people along the block walking away with a to-go box and honestly, this is the best way to go. TIP:  Buy the frozen dumplings --  50 for $9 and you can feed your cravings any time you like.
Best bang for your buck.  The dumplings are good, but not that special.  5 for $1 is great though!  I prefer the sesame pancakes $1 or sesame pancakes filled with meat (price varies).  They're usually fresh and very crispy (and very oily).  The hot and sour soup ($1.25) is very good.  Wonton soup is good as well, but it's basically the dumpling filling in a wonton, thrown in a very basic, and sometimes tasteless broth. I wouldn't come here if you are afraid of very oily fried foods.  Or if you're with a giant crowd (place only seats 4).
I could just quit my job now and use the my savings to be a bum who eats prosperity dumplings for the rest of my life. I think I may actually have a few pennies left over in the end. If you have two dollars, you are in for a treat. Five fried pork and chive dumplings and one warm and toasty sesame pancake. I think I've gotten more joy from meals at this place than at some fancy-schmancy-white-table-cloth-using restaurants. This place is tiny! I've eaten here before, just because I couldn't wait. There's also a park right outside where you can plop down on a bench and enjoy your dumplings.
Hole in the wall and kinda grungy (e.g., sticky countertops) BUT an "A" rating posted in the window from the Department of Health. Perhaps the inspector was swayed by the delicious, hot, made-to-order and, yes, cheap-cheap-cheap dumplings. One order of pork dumplings, veggies dumplings, and pancake with duck for about $5. Pork and veggie dumplings were both perfectly cooked and sized with lots of flavorful filling. Veggie filling was standard with shitake, cut-up rice noodles, carrot, etc. The sesame pancake with duck came with thick fluffy pancake stuffed with roast duck, pickled shredded carrots and cilantro and was absolutely tasty. Good amount of crunchiness on the outside of the pancake, while soft in the middle. The duck had some bones, so beware. You can see a few older ladies in the back wrapping the dumplings through the "open" kitchen. There are bottles of soy sauce, sriracha on the counters.
Very cheap food...only for take away (I don't suggest you at all to stay there). Not for european..too "chinese". Don't think about what's inside your dumplings and hope to digest them in 5 hours!! No salt used in the soup & noodels. Kitchen dirty.
Great place for a meal. Excellent dumplings, love the hot and sour soup, and actually pretty much everything.
I really wanted to find the dumplings as good as I heard they were okay, nothing special. Besides after I at,e I saw a roach in broad vision just walking counter. It's safe to say I won't be ordering from here again. Sorry!
This place is by far the best dumpling house in town. The Fried pork dumplings and the scallion pancakes are to die for.  They usually have a giant batch so i'm in and out in under 2 minutes.  Assuming that there isn't a line out the door, which there usually is. I can't think of a better meal for under 5$  It's also a great place to bring out of towners, the "dirty" china town streets with shoes handing from all the power lines are a great visual.
VERY good and VERY cheap.  I've eaten the dumplings in the restaurant (4 for $1) and also gotten the frozen ones (50 for $9), and they are both great.  The frozen ones keep very well!
Wow. WOW. My mind is blown.  While their pork and chive dumplings were the best I've ever had, the boiled dumplings were the best dumplings, anywhere, anytime, I've ever had.  I could live in bliss for forty years eating nothing but the hot, squirty juicy, rich, soft little packages of porky love.  I think it's time to change my "last meal on earth"...
I tell everyone about this place! Amazing food at too low of prices! I would eat here everyday if I lived closer. I loooooove their dumpling and pancakes.
You really can't beat the price.  One dollar for 5 dumplings?  I feel like I'm getting ripped off from every Chinese food establishment charging $5 or $6 for a serving.  The place definitely has a following as there was a long line.  It was a bit reminiscent of the soup Nazi from Seinfeld.  This is in the sense that I tried to order something non-dumpling, a pancake (which is prominently displayed on the menus) to which the exhausted worker behind the counter told me, "It takes 10 minutes.  That's too long."  So I just ordered the dumplings.  They were pretty good indeed.  Flavorful and moist with a good thickness to the dough. Only lower marks because the place was a bit dirty and couldn't try anything else on the menu.  Maybe I'll swing by on a less busy time of day to try out some other menu options.
Very disappointed. The reviews are so impressive but we found the dumplings tasteless. We left and went to Dumpling Man, a favorite.
Cheap and delicious!!! nothing else to say =]
Line out the door and literally a show box of a whole in the wall. Great if you are looking for a cheap bite to eat. Not so great if you are on any sort of time crunch. Totally skip the shrimp dumplings as they were SOOO fishy. As everyone says, the pork and chive are great. The really steal here is the duck sesame bun. All in all, there are WAY better places for dumplings and cheap bites in the area.
Cheap dumplings? Yes. Great tasting? No. As a person who has eaten her fair share of dumplings, I found their dumplings rather disappointing. They were overly seasoned to mask the use of old pork meat. Service was unfriendly. We were mistakenly given potstickers when we ordered the pork and chive boiled dumplings. The man, presumably the owner, refused to believe that it was their mistake. When he finally agreed to exchange our order, it took 15 minutes for the dumplings to come out. We watched as person after person got their orders of the same dumplings before us.   We also ordered other items. The sesame pancake with duck reminded me of a banh mi. Tasty but skimpy on the duck meat. The hot & sour soup was severely watered down.
Since Friday nights are my hangout nights. I decided I wanted to go out to eat. I wanted to try something new and since I was by Canal Street I went out for dumplings with few of my co-workers. I was looking for a good dumpling place that is affordable and taste great. I came across Prosperity Dumpling, I can't say they are the best dumplings I've ever tasted but for the price it was pretty good. My favorite was the sesame pancake! The dumpling itself could've tasted better if it was a bit more flavorful. I don't know if all their dumplings are like that since I only tried the shrimp dumpling. Maybe I'll go back and try their chive dumplings one day!
I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews. This is my 3rd one ever. There are few places that consistently deliver on exactly what they promise. This is one of them. It's a hole in the wall dumpling joint and serves food so cheap you would have trouble believing it were it not for the hoard of people stuffing their faces in the nearby vicinity. The dumplings are delicious. They are of the very hearty variety with thick skin and an incredible amount of filling, more filling than can be safely stuffed, some might say. The stuffed sesame pancakes are good. My favorite is the beef. They are better over at Vanessa's Dumplings but not significantly and the prices are much cheaper here. The real reason I'm giving this place 5 stars though, is for its price:value ratio, which, really, is the basis of 99% of the reviews on Yelp. The price here is so low its almost free. The dumplings taste not just good but great and are very filling, bestowing upon them a great value. A deal like this is hard to come by, not just in New York, but anywhere. This place also has an A rating which I find very impressive for an operation of their size. I come here regularly to get their frozen dumplings and I imagine I will be coming back as long as I live in this city.
For taste - 2.5 stars. For value - 5+ stars The portions are ridiculously large. $1 gets you 5 fried pork & chives dumplings. One dumpling is half the size of my (admittedly small) fist. So, by the time I'm done with the dumpling, I've basically eaten both my hands. You know what I mean. Thing is - it's not exactly a flavorful dumpling. I drench it in cock sauce*, otherwise I might as well be eating greasy paper. Yes, it's quite greasy. But I like it that way, because it keeps you FULL. If I were homeless, I'd eat here 2x/day and feel perfectly satiated. Note: I eat here 2x a day The real star is the sesame bread. It's freshly made, and sort of reminds me of when Pizza Hut used to make those buttery, soft pizza crusts. It's like the Asian foccacia. However, get it plain - they barely give you any meat, or even vegetables. And getting it filled is 75% more expensive ($1.75, which is still cheap. But not as cheap as  plain). When I say they barely give you any filling - I am not exaggerating. I counted, and there were like 5 small pebbles of chicken. Not even strips. We're talking about pebbles that are in an aquarium - imagine 5 of them in a huge triangle wedge of bread. Oh, and some carrot and cilantro thrown in. If you get duck, you get 3-4 pebbles. You've been warned. The guy at the counter is surly, and I've been butt bumped out of the way by some woman who was cleaning the counters. Mix in all the customers, in line and eating (I think the desk in my apt is larger than the eating counter) - don't come here when you're having a bad day. Pay someone in line an extra $2 to order for you. At these prices, you can afford to be high-maintenance.   * sriracha, for those too culturally sheltered to know that the bottle has a goddamn rooster on it
Been there today, Friday, about 7pm - not very busy, about 10 people. However, for this small space (just about the size of my bathroom really), that's A LOT. But service was quick and friendly. Dumplings were good, not OMIGOD GIMME MORE good, but good to the point of "how about another portion". We tried pork-and-chive (fried, a bit too spicy for me) and pork-and-cabbage (boiled, very nice). Not a fan of sesame pancake with Peking duck - too oily, too much pancake, too little duck (there, I said it, fans of the pancake, please don't kill me now) - but for $1.75 it's a miracle you get any duck at all =) All in all, I'd certainly visit if I were in the area, or if I was hungry and only had a buck.
Its amazing how many people have reviewed this place.  Spite all the reviews when I arrived at the place I pictured it much different. The whole 'food stand' is about 6 feet wide and maybe 7 feet long.  Just barely enough room for the 4-6 people who were in there at the time. Along the sides there was a counter lined with some stools for the patrons to sit on while they munched on various filled dumplings ranging from $1-$2.  Do not get me wrong the food is great for the price.  That is saying a lot for something in NYC.  Close to mostly everything else in Chinatown this place seems like a grab and go for many in the local area.  A plain sesame pancake for $0.75 is amazing.  Just thinking of it right now makes me want to go there and grab one to go.  For a quick filling meal at a price that will not break any budget this place is a must go.
If you don't eat dumpling often, then this will be a good place for you. Although, it was not the best dumpling place that I've tried, the low price did make this a good place to go. Be warn, this is a tiny place, so don't be surprised if you don't find a place to eat. Personally, I wouldn't recommend the soup. It didn't have enough flavor for me. However, do give this place a try, it could be a plus for your NYC trip
Oh man so delicious! Perfect for a dumpling party. All you need to add is some Tsingdao and homemade dumpling sauce. $21 for 100 frozen dumplings (half veg, half pork).
Mmmm these are some tasty dumplings... Good for you? Eh, no. Does it have MSG? Probably. Is it a tight squeeze with high traffic? Yup! But most of the really good places are...
Dammmmmmmn! This place is hella good (and cheap). My family and I ate a frenzy of dumplings for $11. Seriously, we had enough for one more person. The steamed pork pork and chives, shrimp and cabbage, and pan fried pork and chives dumplings were absolutely delicious! It's particularly yummy when it comes to you steaming hot and full of juices when you bite into them. I could eat this every day!!!
With only 2 days left in NY, this was my first stop on a massive culinary tour by  crisscrossing up and down Manhattan by subway and walking & eating, walking & eating. This is nothing new to me as I been eating dumplings for over 5 decades, but there is always room for more. Can NY top SF on dumplings? Prosperity Dumpling came close, very close indeed! My test, if you want to called it that, starts with shrimp boiled dumplings, follow by pork & chives and third, cabbage & pork dumplings. I'm used to inexpensive dumpling even in SF, but NY beats out SF on price. Taste is tied, dumpling taste better after you walk instead of driving like in SF or LA. I'm glad to get there at 11 am or so, as there was only 2 other people in this very small shop. With my back turn eating on the mini stand, the crowds began and soon, 12-15 people was in line. New Yorkers knows where to find good bargains thanks to YELP!!
Scrumptious pork & chive pot stickers for $0.20 each.   Come before they receive an NYC Health grade, because what you don't know can't hurt you.
Even though I LOVE their dumplings and their thin skin, I have to say that it is actually a bit on the salty side.  Vanessa's dumplings are milder, but I dislike their thick skin.   What a dilemma!
Cheap and quick. Had wonton soup and pork & chive dumplings. I should've skipped the soup and ordered more dumplings. They were tasty just like everyone says. The soup was bland, no amount of sriracha helped it.
I came here and bought a huge amount of frozen dumplings and one scallion pancake. I've had frozen dumplings before, both store-bought and home-made, and they were alright. These bad boys were juicy and flavorful AND they threw in an order of freshly made dumplings as well! The scallion pancake was delightful as well. Normally I'd bump a star off for the size of a place, but I think of this place almost as a drive-thru...you're just swinging by to grab your food and go! The value is incredible. I usually pay more for dumplings that are almost as good, so this place is a gosh darn gift from heaven :)
Came in here thinking cheapskates (like me) come in just for the buck and a quarter dumplings.  But no...the line was super long AND people were order from all across the menu.  I heard sesame pancakes, soups, and noodles, and so forth.   I tried the dumplings and the soup and it was pretty solid.  The overall decor is like chinese take out lookin' .  However, I do want to say that even though I've been to Four Seasons and whatever high starred types of restaurants, I am proud to come to a place like this, because it is JUST as great in so many other ways.  I know it's comparing apples to oranges but when it comes to food - it is great to be cosmopolitan in the food arena and go to any restaurant without much trepidation.   Anyways, my next visit will include the sesame pancake.  Will I come here again for the dumplings - OH HELLZ "YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!
Delicious veggie dumplings and the scallion pancakes are fantastic. So fresh and so good. The only drawback is that this place is claustrophobic as all hell, but I guess they really are doing it Hong Kong style.
I really don't think you'll find a better price-to-quality ratio in the city.  My first trip to NYC was early 2010, and I checked Prosperity out after having read about it online.  Instantly wowed.  Great dumplings (I like the fried dumplings more, but usually get them boiled), and pretty good sesame pancakes as well.   I haven't tried the soup, but my friends tell me it's good.  I know the soup portion they give you  is more than fair. Now that I live in Manhattan, Prosperity's an absolute must to bring friends to when someone new comes for a visit.  I mean, more food than I can eat for under $5, and delicious... can't ask for much else. Pro-tip: it's also pretty cheap to buy a bulk order (100 dumplings).  My roommate and I didn't have time to cook for a potluck a few weeks ago, and brought 100 dumplings from Prosperity as our contribution.  They were the first things eaten.  Can't go wrong with that!
Best bang for your buck: pork & chive dumplings. Be careful when eating... Don't burn your tongue !
This is a middle finger up for those that think good food has to be expensive, classy or fancy. The fried dumplings and sesame pancakes are two of the best things I've ate in the City and it cost me under $3.
You already know- the dumplings are amazing. Get some fried and a pancake. We also had some beef noodle soup. Delicious. So get some and head to the park nearby and sit and eat dumplings and watch the people and the birds. Seriously, there are some mean birds there. And adorable kids playing in the water if it is warm.
When there is a shack exalted by magazines, newspapers, review boards, and bloggers, and frequented by people of all ethnicities, neighborhood Chinese people (you know, those elderly ones who have picky tastebuds) usually avoid it, thinking it is Americanized Chinese food. But here, they continue coming in for grub, because well it's real Chinese food. And they haven't jacked up prices, despite the hundreds of enlightening reviews. Everyone gets the chives and pork fried dumplings. I tried it, and had to buy the 50-count frozen (only $9, cheaper than my usual $10-12 hauls from Flushing!).
I wonder how many jewels like this one are actually there in China Town which are yet to be explored by us! We yelped for dumplings and again and again this place kept popping up along with another place which is yet to be visited. We walked for a while before we stumbled upon this hole in the wall place. It is so inconspicuous from the outside  that you are likely to miss it if you are not observing closely. My husband and I are lucky somehow when it comes to seating in the tiniest places and we got to sit only after a few minutes of waiting. I ate the sesame pancake for the first time in my life and regretted why I didn't get a chance to eat something so delicious having crossed the 30th milestone of my life! I absolutely loved it. I would have been satisfied with only the pancake and called it a day. However, my husband being a foodie that he is, can never settle for small portions or only one dish in an eating joint. He ordered fried pork dumplings and a soup to go with it. He could never get enough of both the dishes, however I found the fried dumplings way too oily. Well he ordered steamed veggie dumplings for me without even asking me. They were fresh and flavorful. The difference b/w the dumplings at the Venessa's and Prosperity is that here the black pepper is dominant over the other flavors. I killed half of the dumplings with the siriacha sauce. My husband marveled that I, who can never stomach even a little amount of spice was able to eat so much of hot siriacha sauce! I took rest of the dumplings at home and ate them in the comfort of my home watching TV. All in all we paid only $15 for dinner for the two of us. It was incredibly cheap def! You can eat there anytime and rest assured that you shall get value for your money. This is unlike some Indian eateries in the city which are only for the namesake. If you have been reading my earlier reviews, you'll def know what I mean ;)
Went on a QUEST to find this place. It was after a horrible snow storm that dumped probably 10+ inches of snow in NYC. The streets and side walks were covered, i didn't have winter boots, feet cold and wet, little annoyed its not near a subway....but like all quests, you find the treasure at the end!!!! You walk in expecting something totally different, until you realize, this place is not F*2king around, this is straight mainland China sh*t going on! It is tiny and full of workers cranking out pancakes and dumplings, frying here, spinning there, simply efficient and effective at what they do. the place is technically a "counter" establishment, they simply put a few stools there to be nice, don't expect to eat there on busy days. We lucked out and had a tiny section to eat at. I looked at the sparse menu and was shocked at the prices...so crazy affordable. But then i thought..."its cheap probably because its whack". I was totally wrong. It was the complete opposite. It was simply the best...after walking blocks with snow covered sidewalks and streets...the dumplings and pancake with pork were just amazing! For those foodies looking for amazing eats, this is a MUST TRY!
Yes!! Yes !! Yes !! I come back again!!! For those amazing dumplings !! And those wonderful pancakes!! I have to give them the 5th star that they missed from my last review. Now I'm pretty sure that it is the BEST in Chinatown area. So now is $1 for 4 dumplings. But so what ??? The price and the taste are still unbeatable!! And the store is getting more crowded!!(no doubt, right?! ) this little dumpling store has stolen me away from more other Chinese fast food restaurants
The dumplings have a good flavor, but they seem a little smaller than ones I've had at Vanessa's and Panda.  It could be my imagination since I've never done a side-by-side comparison (idea!), but that's how they seemed.  The skin on the dumplinigs was real nice, and the bottom was crunched up perfectly from the oil.  Heck, at $1 and order, it's pretty hard to find anything to complain about. I liked the bread on the sesame sandwich here better than at Vanessa's, but the sandwich was thrown together haphazardly, and half the ingreidents had to be dug out of the bottom of the bag.  Still, they're dirt cheap and taste good...even when dug out of a bag in pieces. The best part is getting to worm your way into the tiny entrance past people that made the mistake of ordering steamed dumplings at lunch time (wait outside, damnit!) , and trying to make your order understood.  Just cross your fingers and hope for the best.
Who says you can no longer get a cheap meal in New York City?? Prosperity Dumpling proves that theory wrong! A true hole in the wall on the lower east side, but delicious dumplings and other items that you can't get anywhere else for such a great price. Food- I like the veggie dumplings and the sesame pancake is a particular favorite of my husbands. There are a couple of seats, but not a great sit down place to enjoy your food. Take it to go or stand outside and devour your goodies.
Anyone reviewing this place for atmosphere or dining experience is horribly misguided. That's like taking a star off of Le Bernardin for not having a drive-thru window. This is straight up hole-in-the-wall street food without the encumbrance of any bourgeois tendencies. I love the slightly thicker skin that's got a great texture. Simple menu and everything is done right. The pancakes are great too. The prices is staggeringly low for Manhattan. It's a dollar to try. Seriously. You have no excuse.
Best. Place. Ever. Especially when you're extremely poor and living the New York City. The duck sesame pancakes are amazing. They also just renovated so it's not as shabby as before. $1 fried pork dumplings? With the sriracha and soy sauce...
Somebody needs to go steal Prosperity's recipe and teach me so I can make pot stickers like them. Came here on a rainy morning around 11.  It's on this unassuming street and it is easy to miss the sign.  The place is extremely small, and it really is one of those hole-in-the-wall joints.  No real places to sit, more of a eat-on-the-street sorta spot.  There's a small menu of all they offer but really, it is all about the five for $1 Pork & Chive Pot Stickers.  It is just... an amazing good eat at a ridiculously good value. The pork & chive pot stickers are fried on a hot flat top and the orders are served pretty fast.  Most people come for the dumplings so the cook is always making them.  There's a nice crust on the somewhat thin dumpling skin and with the first bite, the juices from the pork & chive filling hits your tongue then the delicious pork filling.  I'm a fan of thin dumpling skins since I think it takes some skill to make the dumpling skin thin and it doesn't fill you up so you can eat more :P  It's hot so watch out and don't let your tongue get burned.  Add a little bit of soy sauce and vinegar, which is a must!  Or you can just add a bit of the vinegar.  The vinegar help cuts into the grease and maybe it is just mental but I think it enhances the flavor of the filling. I've ate hundred and hundred of pot stickers both in the States and abroad, and really, Prosperity's is truly one of the best I've had. There's also other Northern Chinese food items on the menu and they are all at the same great value as the pot stickers.  With less than $5, you can get an authentic meal from tiny Chinese joint!
Don't come here looking for a fancy place with lots of options. Its a tiny crowded no fuss dumpling place. I stop here on my way home for a cheap snack. The dumplings are the tastiest I had and I've tried many of the similar dumpling shops in the area.
LOVE the Fried Chive and Beef Dumplings
4 dumplings for $1. It doesn't get any better than that. I ordered that with a won ton soup...and I was full for $2.75. Ridiculous! And I thought eating cheap and well in NY doesn't exist. The place is so freaking small, lots of yelling and chaos going on, but the cashier seems to know what's going on amidst the havoc. They should have a better ordering system because it just gets so confusing. The people working in the back are like robots! I don't think they ever get a break!
This place is a whole in the wall, but the staff are quick and very efficient at moving the line along. A chipper young cashier quickly swapped me a vegetable sesame pancake for a whopping $1.25. I thought I would try the pancake first and then place a second order for vegetable dumplings. That plan was quickly shot down when I laid eyes on my hot, toasty, crunchy yet soft pancake. MASSIVE. The pizza-like treat was a tad greasy, but the bread was so fresh and the vegetables stuffed inside, though not as prevalent as I'd prefer, were so crisp and flavorful. I will have to make a second trip out to actually try the damn fabled dumplings. I didn't get that far today, but I've never had a cheaper lunch! To be continued...
You don't just go to Prosperity Dumpling when you feel like a quick lunch or tasty snack, digest and go back to your regular life...You must LIVE Prosperity Dumpling and tell everyone you know that Heaven on Earth exists in the form of the busiest Chinese Man standing in 80 Square Feet of tenement space serving up Chinese Dumplings at prices cheaper than the cost of a two bit Honduran hooker with cholera. I am not sure what rent is like East of Bowery, but it's either dirt cheap or Prosperity Dumpling is suffering from monthly delinquency. Let me explain you what $5.50 buys you: -5 Pork & Chive Dumplings ($1) -Small Corn and Chicken Egg Drop Soup ($1) -Pint of Dumpling & Bok Choy Soup ($2) -Sesame Pancake ($0.75) -Bottled Water ($1) Don't live piously about your food. The best things in life come because someone out there is willing make no frills dumplings 365 days a year amidst screaming school children whether rain or shine. I'd like to bake the staff of Prosperity Dumpling a cake...but I need some help, anyone down?
After Venessa's Dumplings had a make-over their quality dropped drastically, plus their prices skyrocketed ($1 for 4 stickers? wtf?) Have no worry just 2 blocks further and you can enjoy great dumplings with thinner dumpling skin for the regular price of $1 for 5. Oh and CAN I GET AN AMEN FOR A DUMPLING HOUSE THAT DON'T WATER DOWN THE SRIRACHA SAUCE!! \m/
How can you give a bad review to cheap and awesome dumplings.  Definitely a must try!  Very small seating inside so typically people would take this to-go and eat along the way.
Very very good dumplings in a very unique setting. This place is tiny. And I mean very tiny, it makes an NYC studio look spacious. There are 8 total stools at the bar lining the entrance to order. However, if you are looking to take away, then you're golden. The dumplings here are fabulous, and super cheap. I ate here with a friend for a total of under $9 (including drinks). They have a great filling and are very tasty. However--they are not for the health conscious as they are super greasy. I also have no clue how this place managed to get an A sanitation grade, but apparently they did. The restaurant itself isn't dirty, just kind of messy. Like people are encouraged to take away. It's a great find. The people were also helpful in ordering.
Best bang for your buck.  Everything is pretty much under $5 and you get like 8-10 dumplings for like $1-$2 depending on which dumpling you get.  Dumplings were very good and weren't overcooked.  My girlfriend and I got the Cabbage and pork boiled dumplings and the sesame seed pancake with peking duck for around $4!  Can't beat that price.  Sesame seed pancake was very good as well.
I think this place is called "Prosperity Dumpling" because it's so darn cheap, that you'll actually be hard pressed to spend more than $10. For $3.50 (!!!) I had 4 pan fried dumplings and a sesame duck pancake. The place itself is an anomaly. It's literally a counter, and a kitchen. You can see the nice old Chinese grandmas mixing the dumpling fillings in the back. It really is amazing. The dumplings were super tasty (pan fried is better than boiled because they get crispy on the bottom), but what stood out to me are the sesame pancakes. They were SO good that my friend and I (after polishing off 14 pork and chive dumplings and a large sesame duck pancake) decided that we couldn't possibly continue to live if we didn't try the sesame egg pancake. So we walked back (despite being WAY too full to conceivably eat anything else) and got another one. The egg pancake was even better than the duck pancake (they fry the egg right before sliding it inside). The pancake itself is really the star, so it totally doesn't matter what filling you get inside it, it's going to make you happy either way.   My friend who is Taiwanese claimed this was one of the best sesame pancakes she's ever had in the city and was impressed with the layers, and crispy sesame flavor that really permeated the whole pancake. GO TREAT YO SELF FOR A BUCK, IT'S LEGIT!
This place is worth a stop if you're hungry in Chinatown. It is quick, and inexpensive. It is also a bit dirty (I wouldn't say dangerously so), and crowded. Just a dollar will get you four delicious fried pork dumplings, in a styrofoam box. There isn't much room to sit, so be prepared to take your food to go. Remember...cash only!
I've actually been on a search for pork and chives dumplings at this taste level for awhile. My mom occasionally brings some for me, but I never knew where to go or was too lazy to ask where she went. Well, now I found a place that I can get these delicious pot stickers all on my own. It only took how many years? It's ridiculously cheap and the flavor is so spot on. I can rave and rave. This place is a winner. I want to try their roast pork buns because everyone seems to love them, but every time I make it down there (late) they have already run out! One day...
This is possibly the cheapest meal you will ever get in Manhattan.  For $1 you get 5 amazingly fresh fried dumplings.  Nowhere else in NYC can I spend $4 and get this full. :) Don't forget that they also sell ridiculously good hot and sour soup too.  I like to start with that to open up my sinuses a bit before I inhale my steaming fried dumplings like a ravenous animal.  Use the ghetto sriracha bottles that have been refilled with some sort of vinegar soy sauce to put on the dumplings.  If you're anything like my boyfriend, you may have to cut a bitch to get one, but they're floating around. Oh, and this is the epitome of a hole in the wall and no less in a typical Lower Eastside building.  That means it's CRAMPED.  They have barstools for about 6 or 7 and the rest of the place is taken up by people waiting and ordering.  Be patient.  Just pretend like you are in rush hour on the 6 train only when you reach your destination you get delicious fresh dumplings.
Went here on a whim from all of the reviews on Yelp. The Sesame Pancake with Veggies was amazing, with what tasted like cilantro inside of it. We also got pork dumplings that were the best I have had in a long time. I would recommend this place to anyone, especially considering the above only cost $2.25! Check it out!
The power of yelp brought me here! And it did not disappoint. Got a variety of stuff to feed three people and everyone's appetite was satisfied for the cost of $6.50.  Do not expect any level of actual customer service, or really to be able to understand what is going on behind the counter at all. The food is pretty much just thrown in a bag and pushed at you. The experience was exactly what you would expect from an authentic dumpling place in Chinatown. Order the sesame pancake. And get the veggie dumplings fried.
These dumplings are very good however not the best I've had. I went to Northern dumplings and wanted to compared with Prosperity. The ones at Prosperity are better. I was in the area on  saturday at 430 pm and at prosperity it was packed with customers and their kitchen was buzzing. Their dumplings was piping hot, juicy and good . At Northern, although there were customers, dumplings were cold , dried , and are a tad smaller than at Prosperity . Both places have great deals on dumplings and their price similar. I got 1 bag of frozen dumplings each to bring home to Maine. At northern $9 for 30 and at Prosperity $9 for 50 frozen dumplings. Can't beat these prices eating out in NYC. Didnt have time to pick up and try the hot and sour soup. Maybe next time until we see each other again my little juicy dumplings!
Ended up here late at night after drinks-- it's a small, dinky place in China town, without just enough room to fit maybe ~10 in front of the counter. Behind the cashier you can see several people making the dumplings in enormous pans, apparently nonstop. Unfortunately, I wasn't particularly hungry, but my friends were happy to let me steal some of their dumplings. I don't know what they do to make them taste so good, but somehow, past the extremely oily and hot texture, you've got a really tasty dumping, To top it off, the price is simply unbeatable-- 5 dumplings for $1 is unmatched. Looking to return soon when I'm a bit hungrier.
great cheap food (period).
Prosperity Dumpling is known for its tasty and affordable dumplings, not its service. The establishment is very small and cramped - don't expect to eat in here and feel comfortable. There are only 3 seats crammed against each wall of the store, totaling to 6 seats in total, and as you're eating, the people waiting in line are crowded around you, adding to the overall claustrophobic feeling. The line can easily stretch outside the storefront, and on hot day it can seem unbearable. Having said that, the dumplings are actually quite good and at $1 for 4 dumplings it's hard to find a meal in the city that will be quite as cheap.
We came here on our last day in NY and got '10 fried and a scallion pancake'... For 3.50$. It was glorious, if a bit messy. Wish I had ordered two scallion pancakes though. Yum.
So I must start by stating how I am a bit disappointed that they only had pork or vegetable dumplings- no chicken. i know finding chicken dumplings can be rare but it doesn't hurt to make them. . Aside from that, I hope no one kills me for saying this, but I've honestly had better tasting dumplings in chinatown and elsewhere. I'm also giving it 3 stars because it broke my heart a bit to see how hard the one man at the fryer was working.
Honestly the best dumplings around. Where else can you leave and be full for $3. I get the bags of 50 for $9 and take them home and they last awhile. Absolutely delicious, you can buy them and eat them across the street at the park if it's nice out, the place is REALLY small.
Small place but the awesome dumplings fly out of the kitchen. There are chairs but they're kinda pointless. Sitting and eating here is ridiculous. As you make your order you can see 90% of the kitchen. Awesome. We tried a little bit of everything. All was delicious. And FAST. They actually get a bit testy if you don't have you ready to go and give it quickly. But my god the dumplings are good. And the duck soup... Amazeballs.
Tiny place, best to take the food home or be lucky to sit on one of the 4 stools. The pot stickers were so good & super inexpensive ! We got 20 pot stickers & 2 sodas for about $7!
had dumplings, sesame pancakes, and wonton noodle soup. dumplings and the pancakes was great, i'll pass on the soup tho. its filling enough and its cheap. cash only. will be back since im always by there
Prosperity Dumpling is a one of a kind establishment that is forever stuck in the 1980s. It's definitely no mistake looking at their window menu that this place has kept many people fed on cold wintry nights. Despite its small location, the potstickers more than make up for that in flavor. The skin is home kneaded, freshly made. The filling is also freshly made, and superior in taste. A bite of the potstickers and you're on your way to heaven. The steamed dumplings are OK. I wouldn't really recommend it. I didn't really like the taste of the filling - bland. I came here on a humid rainy evening after an entire day of foraging through New York's finest streets. In search of this little gem, we trekked through to Chinatown and found this on a quiet street with a small crowd surrounding its premises. Very pleased, despite the rain (it was raining hard), we found a seat just outside the storefront, barely covered by the rain. It was seriously the tastiest potstickers ever. Maybe it was the rain, maybe my hunger, but it certainly was the best freaking dollar I've spent.
Atmosphere - Small, Chinatown, hole in the wall. It was what I was expecting from the reviews, didn't lose any points for this, but didn't gain any either. Cleanliness - I admit, I am a bit of a germ-a-phobe and this caught my eye. The cashier guy handled the sesame pancakes, while refilling a tray, with his hands after countless interactions with money and people. He wasn't man handling them, but definitely were touching them. They also had these small wax bags for the pancakes that didn't cover the whole thing, so when it was set down, the tips would touch or almost touch the counter, where all transactions took place. Take it for what you will, I still ate it, ignoring this in the back of my (germ-a-phobe) mind. Dumplings - I got 2 orders of the steamed (boiled) vegetable dumplings. I think 6 or 8 come in an order. But one order was enough for me at $2.50. When I ordered they took them out the fridge so it was fresh, and I'm assuming they don't get much veg orders compared to the fried meat dumplings. They were ok, the dough was good, but I wasn't a fan of the filling. It seemed a bit too salty, white peppery, or MSG'y (I am indifferent to MSG), which made me take out the extra filling, by the end of the meal. There was also, like, sand or something in the filling, I assume they didn't clean the veggies enough. The veggies had an ok flavor. Also got a sesame pancake which was good. Oh and the dumplings didn't come with sauce, which wasn't expected and would've been nice to have. I don't think they give any, didn't see anyone else get any. Maybe if you ask? Money - Nice and cheap, as expected in Chinatown. I was satisfied with $3.50 worth of food, and stuffed with $6 worth. The Verdict - From a veggie guy, I wont be coming back, I love me some dumplings, but I didn't like the filling very much. I've had better Dumplings in Chinatown.
I'm gonna keep my review fresh, just like these delicious dumplings!  I'm happy to report that I'm obsessed after my first Chinatown dumpling experience. I strolled over to prosperity on my lunch break today and was pleasantly surprised that there was no lines and no waiting- for such a highly regarded spot on yelp I expected otherwise. After scanning the menu quickly, I went with the pork and chive fried dumplings and spent a measly dollar for five. Within my first juicy bite, I knew I'd be back again and again, especially when times get hard lol....  NYC can be expensive mannnnnn! I poured soy sauce all over the remaining four dumplings and it made the experience that much greater. Forget $1 slices... this is the new $1 treat!  4 stars from your newest fan!
Ok, so this place is small and looks dirty, but it received an "A" in sanitation so I'm guessing that's a good things right?? In any case, these dumplings are awesome. I mean cheap and awesome! $1 for 5 dumplings? I mean how can you compete with that? And these dumplings are full of meat. We got the boiled pork and chives dumplings, so there was a little big of soup inside not unlike the soup dumplings. But yeah, the shell wasn't hard at all. Flavorful and really juicy. And cheap. need I say more???  go go go! =)
Best steamed dumplings ever!
SO CHEAP AND SO GOOD. I love my dumpling skins hefty with slight chew, and the meats juicy. I almost always get the fried pork and cabbage dumplings. The Wonton soup and beef pancakes are good too. I have yet to get there early enough one day when all the shengjianbao are not sold out!
wtf..  I read all these great reviews about this place and no one warns you that the food here makes you insane.   Proof is my wife who hates pork. I usually try to order things we would both eat so I get veggie, shrimp and hesitantly order the pork dumplings. She pleads with me to order more pork dumplings. Too bad I'm only visiting because the food here is going to haunt me. The best dumplings I've ever had. Period!
The best $1 you will ever spend on dumplings. Yes, I said, one dollar and you receive 5 juicy delicious fried dumplings. Unbeatable. Unreal.
For the price, I'd almost give it 5 stars! This is solely for the fried pork/chive dumplings (4 large pieces for $1!?????) and the heavenly sesame pancake stuffed with duck, tangy carrot slaw and cilantro. Pancake was crispy outside, fluffy inside and duck was moist. Keep in mind this is a total hole in the wall and not the cleanest establishment. But if you want to be full and happy for less than $4 this is it!
While the seating situation was hard for someone who doesn't live in the area (the dumplings are juicy and hard to eat without a surface) and the store was so hot I was afraid of passing out, these dumplings were worth it a hundred times over. You definitely need to get some of the sauce in the squeeze bottles!
Best dumplings ever! Make sure to bring a cooler and buy the frozen ones to take home! It's 50 for 9 bucks!
Very cheap and fast. Probably not the best in Chinatown but well worth the money. As a tourist it's the best spot to stop by if you are running from place to place because there are only 6 seats and no standing room.
The dumplings are now 4 for $1.  This is one of the last of an almost extinct part of Chinatown NYC.  I need to try some ot their noodle soups.  I hope there will always be a place for these family businesses in Chinatown but I believe things will change drastically in the next 10 years.
The dumplings here are just okay. Pros is the place is really cheap and its  good snack, but other than that, I've experienced waaay better dumplings/potstickers in my life. We ordered both the fried ones and the boiled ones, both were of the same kind but of course, the fried ones taste better. I like the thick outter skin but I don't prefer dumplings that use a lot of soy sauce inside the filling. Good to try once, but not going out of my way to go back again.
In a world where dumplings are now $1.25 for 5, Prosperity is maybe the last place to still only charge $1. You will have to elbow others in this tiny 8' X 8' box to get to the counter, but don't be shy to approach and shout out your order. If you don't, the next 4 people in the door will. Also a steal, grab a bag of 50 for $8 to make at home, and enjoy the spectacle of the kitchen as you wait for your order.
$1 for 5 delicious dumplings made to order. Are you kidding me? ! Not for the OC crowd tho...
Whole in the wall restaurant that everyone should try whether you're local or a tourist. While waiting I enjoy watching the workers making dumplings in the kitchen. It's always constant moving and never stopping. I've been here a few times and I love their $1 dumplings and never regret getting them. Perfect to dip and must eat fresh. The value is amazing and you get a good amount to enjoy, I believe you are able to order them to go. The one order I have regretted so far is the soup dumpling, there wasn't much flavor in the broth or dumpling. I ordered thinking that this dumpling was like the famous soup dumpling at din tai fung. The place was small and cramped so there was barely any room to try and enjoy the food. Don't expect great customer service, the woman gave me an order that wasn't mine and once I realized it I went to give it back. The man that took my order scolded me asking why I would touch somebody else's food making me feel like I was in the wrong and incompetent -____-. I love coming here when I'm in the city. :-)
Came here in 2009 with my brother and back to this place with my husband in 2013. I think this is the only food place that I remember since my trip to New York in 2009. Pleasant Surprise Me: "3 Order of friend dumpling and 1 roasted duck sesame pancake" Cashier: "5 Dollars!" Me: "What?? How much?? 5 Dollars?" Cashier: "Yes! 5 dollars!" Yes! I had to make sure that I heard it right! I was pretty shock and literally I need to pause myself for second and stare at him. Well... I already knew this place is extra cheap but for the amount of food we got, I still surprised. Quick Service 5 minutes later we got the food and ate them there. We love both fried dumping and sesame pancake!! Tiny Place / Stall (Maybe?) We were lucky enough to be able get the 2 seats for they only have 6 stools inside. Mom & Pop/ Hole in the wall type of place. It got super crowded! I think you will be able to eat inside if you are willing to wait for a bit because most people who eat here they will just eat the food with not much conversation. Yes, eat and go! Not a very comfortable place to chit chat here unless not busy. In my opinion, good for cheap fun date. he...he..he... No English If you are not able to speak mandarin, it might be very difficult to request other condiments other than the one that they provide on the counter. A customer asked for black paper and no body understood it. Still Amazing Price In 2009 the price was $1 for 5 dumpling and in 2013 the price still the same but the dumpling reduce to 4 (No biggie..) Post Cleanliness Grades A - WOW!!
Dumplings as delicious as I expected/wanted them to be! .....and the funny thing is that we didn't even order correctly. My cousin and I wanted to try the famous pork and chive dumplings that were being freshly wrapped and fried in front of us, with some mystery broth being poured on top. We connected that to soup and ordered "pork and chive dumplings in soup" by mistake, rather than the ordering pan-fried as we should have. Lol.... We were in for an amused surprise once we got our order but decided to eat it anyway. Very light broth with Chinese lettuce and AMAZING dumplings. The meat:chive ratio was perfect and rather than being all chopped up, the chives were long enough to taste.  Wish I lived in NY so I could eat these more often (and try the actual version)!
Upon entering this roomy establishment, you are greeted by a friendly maitre d' who will escort you to your private candlelit table, and present you with the day's freshly-caught selections, while a violinist gently serenades you from afar. NOT!  This is Chinatown, where you get what you're given, you'd better eat standing up, and it's excellent food.  This may be the tiniest restaurant I've ever seen, but it was jam-packed.  They were busy making dumplings to keep up with the lunch rush, but we didn't have to wait long. Obviously, you'll go for the pork/chive dumplings - excellent steamed or fried.  And you can't beat the price.  Going to Chinatown?  Then it's time to eat well and prosper at Prosperity Dumpling.
This place is good and cheap. It's not awesome but if you only have a few bucks, you'll definitely get your money's worth. Recently I ventured outside of the usual fried dumplings (thick skin with a good proportion of filling) and sesame pancakes (skimpy on the vegetables and the meat but good bread). I tried the shrimp wonton soup and it was pretty delicious and what made it better was the fact that it was $2. I have now decided I'm going to try something new each time I go. The reason this place gets only 3 stars is: 1. This place is dirty. The tables are always sticky and the floor is covered in chopstick wrappers and crumpled used napkins. Takeout is probably the way to go. 2. They water down the Sriracha hot sauce so that it always squirts halfway across the room every time you try to get some on your plate. 3. The ladies who work here are not so nice. Other than that, eat away!
You would never suspect that this hole in the wall would have a line out the door.  Prosperity Dumplings is basically just a takeout window for dumplings and it's DIRT CHEAP!  Delicious!
The best you'll find in Manhattan -- and believe me, I've looked. Bonus points for there being a small playground/park nearby. The garbage can is filled with Prosperity containers, so apparently this was not our idea.
Love this place not only because it's more than reasonably priced but also for the plump delicious dumplings. I make pretty darn good dumplings myself and as a Chinese person I can say that prosperity dumplings are quite good! Where else can you get lunch for less than 5 bucks?!
Major bargain - 5 dumplings for $1? They may have raised their prices to 4 dumplings for $1 but it's still one of the best deals in the city. Quality dumplings with delicious sauce.  We end up buying the frozen dumplings to bring home, perfect for days when I don't feel like cooking.   The dumplings are pork and chives - plenty of filling!
If you are a bum, you will want to park up in Chinatown and if you can get your hands on a Dollar, you can buy 4 pan fried pork and chive dumplings for a dollar.  Apparently it used to be 5 for a dollar and some people are putting up a stink but for the value, this is where it's at! As I ordered I was amazed that almost every item on the menu is less than $3.  An order of boiled vegetable dumplings....$2.   Peking Duck sesame bun......$2 I didn't understand how they could charge so cheap but then within 5-10 mins I was there they had over 15 people ordering with their heavy volume.  This place is small so it's best to order and eat on the go.   A must visit if you are in Chinatown!
stopped here on my lunch breat and of course they had a line...but the line went really fast!  My friend and I shared a couple of things....just to have a variety :-).  We got the steamed and fried pork and chive dumplings and the duck pancakes.  I tried the duck pancakes first and i did not enjoy that at all....it was soooo oily!!  I ate the meat and the cilantro and kept it moving to the dumplings. Now...for the dumplings, these things are AMAZING!  I prefer the fried ones but the steamed ones are AMAZING as well.  I can honestly have eaten them without any sauce but since I like a little spice in my life, I dipped them in sriracha sauce.  I would recommend trying them without the sauce then with sriracha and soy sauces mixed together :-) HEAVEN!  I will definitely be coming back here!!  This must have been the most filling...cheapest...mouth wateringest..foodiest meal I've had in a VERY long time!  Go...go...and go again!  heck, its only $1 for 5!
I'd rather eat at Vanessa's Dumpling House up the street. Yes, I realize that it is cheap and filling, but you can get cheap and filling and more delicious and spacious just a couple blocks up. I could also just be bitter because they didn't have three of the things we ordered available the day that we went: no sesame noodles, no scallion chive pancake, no sesame pancake with pork and eggs.
Love this place.   My friend decided to take us out to lunch out of the generosity of his heart and wallet--at Prosperity Dumpling. No complaints here. For $10, we got 10 fried dumplings, 20 boiled dumplings, beef noodle soup, and four fried pork buns.   Not $10 each.  $10 total. TOTAL. And it was tasty.  Super tasty in fact.  Dip your dumplings in soy sauce and sriracha, and have a jolly old time.
Five juicy pouches of yumminess for $1. You heard me right, folks. That's ONE DOLLAR. Even if the service is kind of rushed and your dumplings might not be fried all the way to perfection on a busy night (mine were fried well, but not as crispy on the outside as I'd like), these are still totally delicious, piping hot, juicier-than-watermelon dumplings, and totally worth the short wait in line. I recommend grabbing the pork & chive and then heading to the Mulberry Project for a much more expensive drink.
great, cheap, quick
The wonton soup was too greasy for my taste but the dumplings (I tried both fried and steamed) were super!! Food is super cheap too. Two people could eat  a whole lot of food with just $5. No wonder why this place is packed! It seemed like it was a favorite for the locals.
Man, Yelpers, I'm disappointed.  I went WAAAAY out of my way at night which cost me about $35... They were almost closed and were rushing to.. ummmn clean? The place is filthy and the order dude was picking his nose very slowly when we walked in.. sigh.....    They were out of shrimp, chicken.. only poke and veg dumplings.. got the veg dumplings.. nothing special and we didn't even finish them.. And cringed to take a bite considering the filth and nose picking and broken stools, etc... the end.. No
Worth the wait for my boiled dumplings!!!! YUM YUM YUM. I think I paid $2.50. I walked up the street with my mom and sister. This coated our stomachs perfectly.
$1 fried dumplings that taste good and DOES NOT give you diarrhea. Do you need any other reason to go?
Small place with only a few stools for seating. Service was quick and fresh. No, not the gal taking my order but the food! The pan fried dumplings were hot and delicious. The skin on the dumpling was thin with a slight crunch. Nice! The sesame pancakes were super yummy too. Soft in the middle with a nice crunch on the exterior. You won't find just sesame specks on top of these pancakes. Be ready to see a pancake topped with a lot of sesame (like it shoould be). So much so that you can ACTUALLY taste the sesame. Great food for a great price. Perfect place for a snack. Or even a meal if you like. =)
After eating here I can't believe I ever paid more than five dollars for dumplings before. Not because these are only a dollar but they are by far better than any I have ever had before. You might not think the girl working behind the counter understood your order as you wait patiently for the dumplings to be prepared but just when you are about to ask for clarification, you're handed a styrofoam container filled with piping hot goodies. With some soy sauce and sriacha on the side, you're good to go. Or good to sit on the stoop outside because you can't wait to eat them. Word to the wise- save boiled dumplings for a restaurant date when you want to appear healthy. Get them fried, filled with pork and you'll be wondering why you would ever pay 10 dollars for the same meal.
Delicious, fresh, and cheap!  Just don't expect to sit down inside and eat because the space is tiny!  It's so small that every time I've visited, a line of people waiting to go in and order forms outside the door.  Their bags of frozen dumplings are great to stash in the freezer for an emergency dumpling fix.
I'm usually a very pleasant person but when you put dumplings near me, watch out. Do not place your hands near my fork if you want to keep them. The dumplings here are the perfect mix of juicy, soft, and crunchy. Texture is very important when eating food and this combination results in a very satisfied tummy. The best part is they are $1 for 5 pork and chive dumplings. This is an especially good deal considering most of the places have raised their prices. The place is literally a hole in the wall with just four flimsy stools to sit on. Take your food to go and find a nice dark corner so no one can see what a glutton you are as you scoff down 20 dumplings by yourself ;)
Without a doubt, one of my favorite dumplings!
This has to be the best deal for food in the city. 4 pan fried pork and chive dumplings for 1 dollar. The dumplings that we got were freshly cooked and ready in a flash. The sesame pancake was the size of a slice of pizza, fluffy and soft (and also a dollar). Those 3 dollars will get you a full meal. There are certainly options for upgrading the dumplings and sesame pancake (it can come stuffed with duck!) from those basic options, but you can't go wrong with the two options above. Be warned though, there is basically no seating (4 seats along a bar on the inside) but eating outside during the summer is not a problem as the park on Forsythe Street is just a block away.
I ordered the vegetable dumplings, paid and found meat dumplings in my order! That is NOT cool
Not worth the trip down to Chinatown and I'm unimpressed. Soy sauce inside the dumplings? Unconventional to say the least.   Someone who's never had dumplings might consider this good.
My boyfriend and I had 10 fried chive and pork dumplings and two Snapple ice teas and our grand total for lunch came to a whopping $4.30. That's FIVE DUMPLINGS for $1!!! If I had flashing lights and signs, I would use them to accentuate how exciting, delicious, and cheap this meal was for you. Plus: it didn't make either one of us sick, and most fried food of the ethnic variety tends to do that to our weak, Jewish tummies. DOUBLE WIN! And visit the accordion shop around the corner on Essex while you're down there.
This establishment is cheaper than McDonald's and is cash only. For $2.75, we got 5 pan-fried pork and chive dumplings, 10 boiled pork dumplings, and a scallion pancake coated with sesame seeds. If you really want your order quick, get the fried dumplings. The boiled ones are cooked to order. The pancakes are sliced so large that the girl has trouble sliding it into the wax paper bag. If you happen to get a fresh batch, they are very good. The filling for the dumplings are adequate, but let's face it here--we are talking about good cheap eats, not gourmet food. Prosperity Dumpling has 5 stools and two counters, but it is hot and cramped, so you are better off sitting outside. When we visited on Saturday, the weather was fantastic, so we sat at one of the benches by the basketball court across the street. As we savored our greasy snacks, we watched the kids play basketball and yelling random English phrases at their friends. "Ball! BALL!" "You sucka my dick!" "Ball! Ball! BALL!" Now I'm going to forever associate fried dumplings with sucking dick and balls. Thanks for the memories, Prosperity Dumpling!
We visited NYC a week ago and im still dreaming about the fried pork and chive dumplings we had there! At 4 for a $1.00 that was amazing!  They werent small in size either! You can see a lady making them fresh so its not frozen!
one of the most economically efficient destinations in nyc, we managed to spend $4.50 in total at prosperity dumpling. each order of chive and pork dumpling comes with 5 pieces and costs $1 (!!!!!) so we ordered 15 and paid $3.00. ridiculous. they were pretty decently sized dumplings as well, considering. i was afraid these would taste too game-y or too fatty/piggy (heh), but they didn't. i guess the chive really helped to balance it out. these were so delicious and i definitely could have eaten more had we not been towards the end of our fat tour. unexpectedly, the star of the tasting menu here was the sesame pancake with beef. it was essentially a sesame pancake sandwich, with strips of beef, cilantro and pickled carrots stuffed inside. the ingredients/flavor profiles are similar to what is on a banh mi sandwich, but the sesame pancake obviously adds a very different feel. the pancake itself was very crispy on the outside, as though it had been toasted, but soft on the inside. this only cost $1.50! HOW??? i have no idea. but FYI, the sesame pancake only is $.50. AND yes, the pancake with beef is light on the meat, but seriously... SERIOUSLY?! it's only $1.50.
Where low price & high taste meet, in the land of sesame pancakes & pork dumplings, there can indeed be prosperity and a happy, full tummy.
So freaking good and an unreal price. Wish we had something this good in Portland. Get the boiled pork and chive and the fried pork and chive. You'll be happy
Oh, yum! The "prosperity" between the quality, taste, and price of these dumplings is amazing. My favorite: the fried pork and leek dumplings (now, at 4x$1) - both for eat in/take out and for a frozen bag of 50 to take and cook at home (for $9)! The look on my roommates faces when I brought home my first 50. The look 10 minutes later after they tasted it was priceless Yummo! Now, how can we get these guys to start selling sauce for their dumplings too? Hmm...
Great Dumplings! AND Cheap!! small hole in the wall and not anywhere you'd want to sit and eat, but just pick it up and go. $1 for 5 and you can buy frozen ones to cook yourself (even better), which are $9 for 50!
Like many have said before me, Prosperity is one of the few great deals in this expensive city of ours. $1 = 5 bangin pork and chive filled dumplings. Hot, Fresh, and sloppy, just like your mom.
I'm not sure what I can add here that hasn't already been said yet.  But yes, 5 dumplings for a $1, does it get any better than that?  Well, yes it does since I'm not giving it 5 stars.  My only complaint with the pan-fried dumplings is that they didn't have a crispy enough bottom, almost tasted like a boiled/steamed dumpling.  But the dumplings were definitely good enough for me to buy 50 frozen ones for $8 to take home.  Hopefully I'll be able to reproduce their magic. I also got the sesame bun with vegetables and beef.  That's definitely a winner as well, so I strongly recommend it if you're willing to branch out from the dumplings!
$15= 5 full stomachs even with the price raise? WHAT?! Best find ever. Delicious, quick hole in the wall. Don't come for the service (go to places where you tip) come for the CHEAP and DELICIOUS dumplings!
The best dumplings I've had in the city, by far. The sesame pancake when fresh out of the oven is melty and crispy and oh so delightful. I wish I could go here every day.
I'm a little afraid at how the price point here is so low...you can eat like a king for about $5. And the food is relatively tasty and ridiculously filling. Everything is made immediately, served hot. And the place is always bustling - crowds, queues. It's certainly a restaurant I frequent. The sandwiches, the dumplings, even the soup are all worth trying. And since nothing on the menu really is more than $2, there's no excuse not to try everything.
This is a great hole in the wall with quality cheap food. Note that this is NOT a place to dine in....it's a little dirty and very hot  inside, and there are barely any seats. And while there is some seating outside, you're going to be facing a construction site and garbage cans. It's definitely a to-go place. So I had the sesame pancake with veggies and fried veggie dumplings. The pancake blew me away. So yummy and so very filling! The veggie dumplings weren't anything special...I stopped eating after 2. It basically has the filling of a spring roll. Overall, good experience, and a haven for vegetarians looking for authentic chinese yumminess.
My go-to dumpling spot in Chinatown! Dumplings are juicy and really hit the spot. A quick guide to enjoying your trip here: DO.... Get your dollar (or two!) ready before you even order. Tell the cashier "one order of fried dumplings" to go. Hand him the dollar, receive dumplings. Pour sriracha and soy sauce on dumplings. Apply liberally. Leave the store immediately. Enjoy at the park nearby. DO NOT... Take a long time staring at the menu. Hint: get the dumplings. Ask the cashier for recommendations. Try to pay with a credit card. Expect seating or good service. Take photos while inside the store. (For maximum enjoyment, wash dumplings down with some bubble tea at Kung Fu tea.)
This place had great dumplings. These probably the greatest dumplings that were ever made. Greater than any other type of dumpling that has been put together on this side of the planet. The prices were also unbelievably amazing. Dollar for four and a sandwich for 2. that is some great math.
Whenever I happen to be in Chinatown, I always make it a point to stop by Prosperity Dumplings to buy an $8 bag of 50 pork and chives dumplings.  When you're short on time or if you want a quick snack, these babies will be ready to eat in 5 minutes.  Your breath will smell something horrible (chives) but it's worth it.  If you don't overboil them, the tasty juice will fill your mouth w/ hot, oily goodness.   The only issue I have with these dumplings are the thick skin.  I can't eat more than 5 or 6 without going into a food coma afterwards.  I always boil about 10 thinking I'll be able to eat it all, but it never happens.
My friend and I were having trouble thinking of what to eat for dinner. He suggested "I know a place, let's go." We hopped on a subway train and headed over to Chinatown in the middle of a rainstorm. Down a couple dark streets and empty alleys and here we were, outside a janky-looking dumpling shop. Without having known anything about Prosperity Dumpling beforehand, I was skeptical that this place could offer great food judging by the run-down look of the place.  Luckily, looks are deceiving when it comes to hunting for great food. There was one old man cooking and one woman functioning as a dumpling factory. There were a couple seats and the kitchen filled the rest of the room, meaning the cool thing about this place is that you can see your food being made before your very eyes. I got the fried pork and chive dumplings. 5 for $1. $1!!!! That's like the price of a lottery ticket. Fortunately, I hit the dumpling jackpot that day. The dumplings are crisp on the outside and juicy inside, with a really great mix of meat and chives. Two orders later and I was deeply satisfied. This is the epitome of a great Hole-In-The-Wall!
oh dumpling heaven! thank God I found you! most of the time you find the best food on the streets where there's like a hole in the wall where people line up coming and going with white plastic bags leaving with a smile on their face coz they know when they open that white styro container is a bite of juicy and tasty dumpling awaits! ok, i think i'm already drooling as i am writing this review... taste: oh so good! esp with the ponzu sauce and probably with a dash of that hot sauce! price: super cheap! hey, just what you expect from chinese..right? ambiance: kinda tight..but who cares?! just grab & go! there is i think a total of 6 bar stools seating area available if you can't wait to eat outside ;) service: they speak english! thank you very much! quick and thoughtful :) o0ops! just a tip: cash only!
Why have I lived in this amazing city filled with yumminess for almost a year and I'm just getting to this place now?!? NYC you provide me with too many options. But this will be a place that will be overlooked no more. 10 boiled dumplings, a delicious sesame pancake, hot and sour soup and a bottle water all for $4. HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE?? Prosperity dumpling, you have my heart, but thankfully not my wallet! xo
My dumpling place used to be Fried Dumpling at 99 allen until they closed. The dumplings were also 5 for a dollar, and a little better than prosperity. but prosperity is the best around now. just try not to offend anyones dai lo on eldridge street
Dear lord, I'm back in the homeland. I grew up in china, and this place brought me back!! I ordered in Chinese, and the nice people there were forgiving and pretended to understand my broken chingrish. Got the fried pork and chive dumplings (#17), pork and chive boiled dumpling soup (#19), and scallion pancakes. First, this food was practically free, so I tipped the jar like 80%. The food was amazing. Fried dumplings are the way to go; fat and juicy. Eat it with black vinegar to show your Asian prowlness. Boiled soup was perfect to wash down the 5 dumplings I had stuck in the gullet. And the scallion pancake was the size of a NY slice of pizza. Dear lord, I would live in that hot closet of a restaurant space for eternal dumplings and pancake. Why do I live in MI..????? Go. Don't be put off by the authentic vibe; they take orders in english, and I saw lots of Americans come by!
This place was on our list to go to during our theatre trip, so we took the subway, walked 8 blocks in 90 degree weather but felt triumphant when we reached our destination! Counter guy was outside smoking a cigarette but it gave us enough time to look over the menu. 4 fried and 10 steamed pork and chive dumplings, 1sesame pancake and a huge serving of roasted duck noodle soup and two bottled waters - $11.50. Sat at the counter and ate and perspired - but overall enjoyed the experience! Food was great and everything was exactly as described on Yelp! Counter guy (which is literally right next to the cook top) was coughing away with no attempt to cover his mouth as we left!
A hole in the wall where you can get a full meal for less than 5 bucks. $1 for 5 (yes, FIVE, CINCO, CINQ, WU, CINQUE) pork and chive dumplings $2-$3 for a sesame pancake sandwich $1 for a drink That's not even the entire menu. I'm a big guy and I come here during my lunch break whenever I'm on a budget. Maybe it's all the protein I order, or maybe it's the grease, but I always get my fill here on less than $5. Granted it doesn't look very clean and there really isn't any "service" but WHO CARES? It's cheap and it's tasty. TIP: there's a container of sugar at the ordering window. Put some on the dumplings before you add soy sauce/vinegar for a sweet and salty treat!
So unbelievably cheap and yummy. I come here for the yummy pork & chive dumplings and keep coming back for the ridiculous cheap price. I have to try their other dumplings (I've had their boiled pork & chive dumplings and their fried ones) and sesame pancakes along with buying a bag of the frozen ones for hot pot at home. If you visit Chinatown, this is one place you should definitely stop by.
Prosperity Dumpling's dumplings are NOT the best dumplings I have. I just love this little home run business, it is as authentic as it gets. It reminds me of street vendors in Asia where all the food are dirt cheap, decently good tasting and just that vibe. $1 for 5 Pork Fried Dumplings and $2 for 10 boiled dumplings just amazing... seeing the open kitchen preparing them fresh! Hot and steamy just like what Northern Chinese families made them at home! Cheap, fast, simple, dirty, crowded and tight.. that's make Prosperity Dumpling an experience of its own!
My favorite dumplings in ALL of NYC.  I've tasted nearly all the $1 dumpling places in Lower Manhattan and this remains my uncontested favorite. This place used to be a short 10 minute walk from my old apartment and even though I had several other  5 for $1 or [now] $1.25 places closer to me, it was well worth the walk to Prosperity.   Their Pork 'n Chives dumplings are still 5 for $1 and are delicious.  The wrapping is thin and the filling is savory and juicy.   I've also had their Hot 'n Sour Soup which is only $1, however, I didn't find it to be very good.  Somewhat bland even. Get the Pork 'n Chives dumplings and you will leave smiling knowing that you had a delicious meal for only $1.
ehh..okay you can't get better than 10 dumplings for $2.  But the dumplings are just okay.  Although crispy, the meat tastes old and its way too oily.  Good for those on a budget and in a hurry.
I saw all the high star ratings but didn't read the reviews so I didn't know what to expect from the place. Man, the prices are  super cheap, I though it wasn't priced in dollars ;) I got a huge hot and sour soup with 10 pork and chives dumplings for $4. The place is a total hole in the wall but the food is amazing.
I finally succumbed and had to come give this place a try.  I have to admit, I mostly came here not because I wanted to try the dumplings, but because I was in the area and I ran out of my usual frozen dumplings at home.  I thought, why not, I was two blocks away and needed to restock my freezer with some dumplings so Prosperity Dumplings it was!   (I also went to the next street to Vanessa's dumplings and bought a bag of 50 frozen cabbage + pork frozen dumplings too, but that will be a separate review).   I bought a bag of 50 chive + pork frozen dumplings for $9 and then $1 fried dumplings.  I don't know how the frozen dumplings are since I didn't try them yet, but I am hoping they are amazing like the fried dumplings I got to go!   The dumplings were freshly made and the skin was so thick and crispy!  I was expecting something soggy and thin, but these were thick and crispy.  Sorry I had to say that again, but there are some other dumpling places around the area that have horrible cheaply made dumplings.  Anyway, I was in for a surprise and I was amazed at how good they were!   The soy sauce and hot sauce were watered down of course.  I guess this is the norm nowadays?   This place is a hole in the wall so don't come here and judge the place by its appearance.  This place is how a typical Asian/Chinese owned hole in the wall place looks like.  It's something I grew up seeing and used to so don't come here expecting something fancy.  It's nothing like that.  The place is small, looks dirty, looks dingy and the service is not top notch.  Anyway, enough rambling, come here and get yourself some yummy dumplings and you won't be disappointed!
"All dumplings are the same," said the girl in line behind me. She obviously never tried these dumplings. And if she has, I seriously question her palate and taste buds. There is something wrong. INCREDIBLY CHEAP AND UNBELIEVABLY DELICIOUS. I'll admit that I was a little disappointed when I saw this tiny hole in the wall on Elizabeth. I even suggested we go somewhere else for dinner. It was cold. There was a long line. There was clearly no warmth in there. But wow. Simply wow. I'm so glad I stayed. I will prosper, if at least to have endless Prosperity Dumplings. We got the 4 fried pork and chive dumplings, 1 plain sesame pancake, and 10 boiled chicken dumplings. They come out fresh and hot. We squeezed out some diluted soy sauce and sriracha (as other people did) on the dumplings and proceeded to inhale our meal. We immediately ordered more of the same dumplings, with 2 additional sesame pancakes with veggies. So cheap and so delicious. All of that was probably the cost of a really good entree anywhere else. But you would NOT want to get an entree elsewhere. This is it. This is what you want. For the rest of your life. I don't know what I'm going to do when I'm back in NC where there is no Prosperity Dumplings. Probably go through some intense withdrawal and depression. Luckily, we were able to grab the stools right by the portable heater and stay a little warm as we ate. There was a continuous stream of people the entire time we were there. It wasn't even really dinner time then (around 4:30 PM). Everything is handmade and you can see them making the 'lings.  The owner isn't the friendliest man, but it doesn't even matter. He gets good business for his food. Go forth and prosper, my yelpers.
1 order of 8 broiled veggie dumplings + 1 order of sesame pancake? $3.50. Let me say that again. Three.dollars.and.fifty.freakin'.cents. WHAT?! Yeah. I have to admit, I'm not a dumpling person. But my coworkers and I were looking for a place to eat in the area and one had recommended this place. The restaurant itself is tiny with very little room to sit. Best to get takeout. The lines are pretty long, though they move relatively quickly. And the dumplings. Oh, the dumplings. They were so succulent with so much flavor and veggie goodness! Delicious on their own or doused in sriracha. The pancakes, were equally delicious as well. Also, even more delicious with a generous slather of sriracha :). The quality of food was fantastic. And you can't beat the price!
My threesome of friends came to this place after another long day in chinatown.. I've known of this place for awhile and knows its great reputation, but i didn't come with high expectations since I was never a dumpling person. with that being said, I think this place lives up to all this hype. the dumplings were delicious, and I could have kept on eating it for days and days...
In the past year I have been to prosperity a solid 3 times. Twice in the past week. This place hasn't changed a bit and that's fine with me. The A rating by the board of health assures me that I'm getting pork in my dumpling and not some kind of surprise. Sometimes it's a little difficult to convey how many dumplings I want - but that's sort of my fault... I mean, who orders 55 dumplings? Needless to say I'm learning how to count in Chinese solely for this place.
I'm a local to the neighborhood and tried several spots in Chinatown and, now, wonder why I even tried dumplings from another shop.  Prosperity Dumpling has a great deal going on, $2 bucks for 10 full on delicious dripping dumpling heaven.  If you dare, go in and say, "liang kuai guo tieh" for "$2 dollars of dumplings," which, 29 out of 30 times, are delivered promptly.   As a fan of spices, I suggest making use of the Sriracha and mixing it with a bit of soy sauce.  It's perfect to split the dumpling for more gathering capacity as you dip one half.  The charm, if you will, is the tiny space available to sit.   Happy dumpling-ing! -p
This place is ridiculously good. The sesame pancakes are some of the best things I've ever eaten and the dumplings are perfect. It's amazing how cheap everything is too.
Two people, 15 pork and chive dumplings, and a scallion pancake. All for $3.75, or somewhere in the $3 range, can't quite remember exactly. Either way, it was a great lunch, and the price didn't hurt a bit. The dumplings were flavorful, albeit a little greasy, but it wasn't enough to bug me. The scallion pancake was savory and fluffy and a little buttery on the outside, just absolutely wonderful. Great food, really low prices, and friendly service, what more could anyone ask for?
Prosperity dumpling is the perfect example of a five star on yelp.  In my opinion, five star rating is all encompassing by taking into account not only quality of product, but value as well.  It's balance.  Prosperity dumplings are incredibly delicious and the price is outstanding. Please Prosperity Dumpling, never change anything about your business. I love it.
Like all delicious Chinese restaurants, this place looked ghetto and unsanitary. But the fried dumplings were oh so delicious! They had some juice/soup inside kind of like soup dumplings which was definitely unexpected. There was a bit of a wait, but so worth it. I would return again and again...I'm craving them right now!
Great cheap eats on the go! And you'll have to take it to because this place is TINY. There are some stools to eat, but then you'd have to be ok with the line of patrons all up in your face. For $5.50 you can easily feed yourself and be FULL with 25 dumplings. Def needs some soy sauce and/or chili sauce to jazz it up. I tried the pork and chive dumplings both fried and boiled. I also got an order of the pork and cabbage. Both were equally yum! The prices have gone up since some of these other posts. The 10 boiled dumplings have gone from $2 to $2.75 - CRAZY :)
My favorite place to take out-of-town visitors to eat! Yes, really. If you are visiting me, you know how to appreciate incredibly cheap freshly fried dumplings. My order:   Fried dumplings (5/$1) Sesame pancake with vegetables (Comes stuffed with veggies that are the pickled ones like the ones on banh mi.) (No this doesn't make it any healthier.)
This place is ridiculously cheap. We stuffed 6 people on $13 dollars. The guy running the counter is kind of crazy and does some intense mental math. It is a tiny take-out place but we ate our dumplings at the pearl tea shop a few stores down. All of the dumplings were delicious but the sesame pancake and the hot and sour soup were just average.
Fried pork dumplings = greasy, tasty, cheap, DELICIOUS! I look forward to going back and trying a few other things off the menu.  Also, i  don't know about anyone else, but when i took a bite using the fork they provided it ripped up the dumpling so i had 1 mouthful and 1 shred of skin clinging to the fork with a big porky chunk sitting in the bottom of the box.  Using my fingers was much easier, and the dripping juices and grease kept my cuticles moisturized for the next couple of hours.
The man behind the counter might seem mean as hell at first (and I wouldn't blame him, serving amazing dumplings at what cannot possibly be any sort of profit margin), but under that grizzled exterior is a heart of gold. You will get random discounts, bonus items will appear in your takeout bag (don't think this is an error - they know exactly what they're doing here), and your favorite type of dumpling will be remembered even if you show up semiannually and get a haircut. If anybody has had the courage to try the 'bean water', let me know
Ideal place for a cheap and tasty refuel when you're out and about.  No frills, but well worth it.
I stopped in here for a quick lunch and it was great.  Is it the best Chinese food you will ever have?  No but the food was cheap, fast, and tasty.  Everything you want for a literal hole in the wall dumpling stand.  There was no line when I went which was nice.  I am not sure if I would wait in line for the dumplings.   I had the chive and pork boiled dumplings, sesame pancake, and pork fried bun.  Everything seemed very fresh even though it was ready immediately.  They seem to do such high volume that they are constantly making more of everything.  The sesame pancake was by far the stand out of the three.  The dumplings were good and exactly what you expect from a traditional Chinese dumpling.  The pancake was great.
The dumplings and chinese pizza are amazing.  Great place to go for cheap eats and good Chinese food. Seating is very tight (only ~6 bar stools and counter) so expect to go someplace else to eat...not a big deal.
Still the best dumplings I had in NYC Beats Vanessa's for sure, although Vanessa has a, comparably, bigger space Only recommend if you like big, juice, thick skin dumplings though...
Cheap, fresh, and awesome. I only sampled two menu items: the steamed vegetable dumplings (good but not fantastic) and the sesame pancake with vegetables which are probably the freshest, tastiest food you can get for 1.00 in NYC. I took a young friend from Korea there. She had traveled extensively in China and was delighted as it reminded her of Chinese street food. The cooks don't speak a lot of English but are friendly and very accommodating. There are maybe 6 stools at 2 small counters, but if the weather isn't too hot (I don't think they have A/C), it can be a fun place to eat. However if it appears too cramped, there is a park less than a block away. Enjoy.
They're just dumplings, people. Take it easy. I can't understand why people are shocked that these things are so cheap. They're supposed to be cheap. They're dumplings. Dumplings. Let's not put this on the same level as some of our favorite fine restaurants by the rating. I get it. I know it's a big deal that you made the journey all the way to the far east of Manhattan where few white men go but let's not think you just traversed the entire Great Wall just to get here. Figuring out the subway route to get here isn't the equivalent to traveling the silk road. Having said all that, these dumplings are a good snack. Went with the steamed pork, 10 for two dollars. Pretty much tasted the way I thought they would. No surprises. Any dumpling that doesn't taste like they have mystery meat inside is a good thing. Although if you try to give me the Pepsi challenge with any of the other dumplings at other decent restaurants in Chinatown I probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference. This spot is pretty off the beaten path so I doubt I will find myself back here unless I have business in the area. With the reviews this place got I expected to get a full on orgasm after eating one of these dumplings but it was not to be. I later found out if I wanted that experience I could get it in the same area for about the same price. Uh....no thanks.
Let me just cut to the chase.  Prosperity's fried dumplings are very very good, perhaps even the best in Manhattan... but the ones from Lao Bei Fang's in Queens are better. The pork and chive interiors are exceptionally flavorful and very juicy. But they pack just a little too much chives for my liking. I am no stranger when it comes to eating chives but they can definitely be a little overwhelming, even in small quantities. Chinese people have a saying called "shang huo" which literally translates to "up fire." It's a medical term and you can pretty much guess what it means. For some reason, I feel a little of that after finishing up my dumplings. They are fried just a little too much for my liking. On the plus side, their vegetarian steam dumplings are also very well made. The bad ones are usually very dull and without much taste. Not the ones at Prosperity because they certainly pack a punch! And they have a very distinctive flavor that I don't usually associate with dumplings. I may even like them better than their fried siblings.
This is by far the best set of cute little dumplings ever eaten in Chinatown. In New York. In the United States? I walked through slush and snow to have a snack here and was not let down.
THIS PLACE IS SOOOOO AWESOME the best dumplings I have ever had. I would be willing to pay ten dollars an order but its even better just 1$ pork fried dumplings with the real hot sauce. excelent deal I drive down from the upper west side with my boyfriend any day of the week.
Chinatown, hole in the wall place on Eldridge. There is no seating and if you want to eat there you have to find a place on the ledge. The ledge is mostly always packed and you'd have to deal with the line of people entering the store. Pan fried pork and chives dumplings is my choice of food. You get 4 for $1. Uber cheap. The dumplings are delicious. I've never bought any, but you can buy a bag of frozen dumplings to take home too. I've also tried the sesame pancakes and the hot and sour soup, which were only OK. Since the main draw of this place is the dumplings, and the taste of the dumplings are amazing, it outshines all of their other items. This place is a bit hard to find and it isn't really located near a subway. If your like me and you have trouble navigating through Chinatown (there's no street numbers like Midtown!), use the yelp map and you'll be able to find it with ease.
Don't get me wrong, the pan-fried pork and chive dumplings were divine. I ate them a little later than I bought them, so I was hoping that was the reason why they weren't as crispy as I thought they would be. The ONLY reason why I dropped two stars is because they were doing some sort of construction on one of the "tables" inside and I felt very uncomfortable with the sanitary aspect of the place. I even took in the consideration of this place being in Chinatown. I'd still definitely come here again, it would just be preferable for them to either expand their space or give off more of a clean vibe.
HOLY CRAP. Less than $6 for 5 fried chive & pork dumplings, 10 boiled shrimp dumplings, and a huge slice of sesame pancake stuffed with fresh veggies? Is this real life? If you're a) in New York b) ordering dumplings/sesame pancakes and c) paying more than what you would at Prosperity, you're doing it wrong. This ultimate hole in the wall is something else. The food's not just almost free, it's damn good, and made to order. ALL OF IT. Seriously, you won't find food this cheap and delicious anywhere else. Ever.
Don't even think about calling them for directions. I guess there might have been a language barrier between me and the person who answered the phone because it just led to a brief awkward silence and being hung up on...twice. Me (on the phone): Hi there! I'm on ------ and --------, but I'm having a bit of trouble finding your restaurant. Would you be so kind as to direct me? Employee: No. Me: I'm sorry? Employee: What? (awkward silence) Me: (repeats same thing earlier but broken down in simpler context) Employee: (hangs up) Eventually my sister and I did find our way to the tiny restaurant- if you could even call it that. To me, it reminds me more of a food trailer... but only because it doesn't strike me as a sit-down type of eatery. The food was ridiculously cheap (and delicious!), though. We ordered the sesame pancake with duck and dumplings (don't remember what kind of dumplings, though). And don't forget that this place is cash only! But if you only have five bucks on you, don't bother running over to an ATM. You should have more than enough money. Like I said, this place is CHEAP. I think our total came to be around $3. We were rather surprised and definitely felt that our trip to the bank was unnecessary.
If you're looking for great flavor, low price point, greasy grub, and a super carb load, look no further. 4 of us just ordered about 25+ fried dumplings, and a pancake with eggs and veggies. Solid, but not necessarily amazing.  Perhaps amazingly easy on the wallet though.
YUM YUM YUMMMMMM THE BEST fried pork and chive dumplings and sesame pancakes!!! And also really cheap!!! Sure the place is very tiny and if your lucky, or better yet, willing to nab one of the say 5 stools in the establishment it is possible to enjoy the deliciousness inside. But aside from that, I will definitely take a trip to china town anytime just to come here.
Prosperity Dumpling makes me want to move right next door to it so that I am never far. I always get their #4 Chives & Pork Fried Dumplings and devour them rapidly. My attachment to this place really showed during one of my trips there when I couldn't quite locate the tiny storefront so I thought it closed down or something. I almost had a panic attack right then and there on Eldridge Street before I looked again and saw it. Simply the best dumplings in New York.
Great place for cheap food. Con: Very dirty. Better for take out than sit-in and eat. No air conditioning. Keep in mind also that the reason they're so cheap is because they have huge woks and use the cheapest, most un-healthiest ingredients possible. If you're worried about weight but still want to try it, I recommend the broiled vegetable dumplings. 8 for $2
Prosperity dumpling can't be beat! 10 chives and pork dumplings for $2? That is just absurd (but amazing).  These are honestly the best dumplings I've ever had in the US, and I would eat here every day if I could.  The dumplings are so flavorful, and there is a great meat to wrapper ratio.  If you ever want to try some authentic dumplings, this is definitely the place to go.
Super cheap and really good. $1 for 4 dumplings (fried pork and chive) which is a steal. I have no idea if the guy knew English but I guess so since it was the quickest I ever received a meal. I was in and out in less than a minute. I kind of wish they had a place to sit and a restroom but you can't expect much when you are paying $1 for some authentic grub.
Forget the noodles, just go for the dumplings. $1 for 4 big dumplings. Next time i'm going to pay $2 for my meal, will be full on 8 dumplings - legit.
Lunch for two for five bucks~! Literally, "As good as it gets" - pork and chives dumplings: boiled type was better than the fried type. - sesame pancakes: must try~~ - mungbean porridge: very similar to "Nu-roong-ji-tang"if you are a Korean.
A classic hole in the wall, this is an amazing culinary experience for $10 (for two people including two drinks!). The place can seat only four so if you are planning on staying in, I would suggest coming at an off hour. We were fortunate enough to get two seats directly next to the kitchen. As we are not from New York, we decided to go big and try as much as we reasonably could. We ordered three kinds of dumplings and they were all impressive. The wrapper on the fried dumplings was crisped perfectly and the filling was an amazingly flavourful combination of pork and chives. In a nutshell, they were hot, cheap and delicious. The absolute highlight of the meal, though, was the sesame pancake. We ordered one with beef and finished it so quickly that we promptly ordered a second one with duck despite the fact that we had also ordered 25 dumplings. The pancake itself was light and airy and was possibly the best pastry we have ever tried. The filling was a superb combination of shredded beef (or duck), carrots and cilantro. When we get back to New York, we are excited to return.
This place was all everyone else billed it to be. Cheap, good eats! 10 dumplings $2. This is more of a to-go place as there are 4 seats total. But sooooo good.  When you can feel satisfied for about $3 here, thats a good day! WORD OF WARNING:  this is a very, I mean very simple menu. If someone doesn't want dumplings or sesame pancake, they need to look elsewhere.
Not much more to say here other than if the shit hits the fan and I find myself on the streets, I am setting up camp in the park across from Prosperity Dumplings and eating cheap delicious dumplings for the rest of my life!
I got 5 fried and 10 boiled dumplings, a sesame pancake, and an orange soda for $4.75. I recommend the fried. I tried to eat inside, but it was too crowded so I dined at seward park. I will be back!!
Prosperity Dumpling is about as good as it gets for cheap food in NYC. Usually you get cheap, or you get good, or some pseudo mixture of the two, but rarely does a place provide the best for the least. My standard order is 2 orders of fried dumplings (4 + 4), plus a sesame pancake. This is exactly $3. These fried pork+chive dumplings are just like my family makes from scratch in China -- very authentic. Not too greasy, perfectly fried and the right size. The sesame pancake is light and crisp on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside. You can even spend a few pennies more and get it stuffed with some meats and veggies.   There is always a line out the door, but don't fret as they are very quick. The constant and predictable hoards of hungry patrons ensure constant and predictable cooking of dumplings. It's just like how Two Bros always has pizza right out of the oven because they always have customers. If you follow my reviews, you know I am a nut for good value, and Prosperity Dumpling is the leader of the pack when it comes to bang-for-the-buck. Fill your belly for $3 and go home happy after visiting one of NYC's best. Extra points if you grab the $9 bag of 50 frozen dumplings to make at home.
Solid veggie dumplings. Tasty and cooked well. Skin was a bit thick, but Chinese dumplings always seem to have thick skin compared to gyozas or mandu. Sesame pancake is amazing!! Freshly fried fluffy deliciousness stuffed with pickled veggies. Tons of cilantro -- my fav. It's huge for the price! Very chop shop, no nonsense service. Get in, get out, get eating. Awesome.
Best dumplings in NYC hands down.  Only wish they have a seating area as dumplings taste best when they are freshly cooked.
Umm, no thanks. This place doesn't hold up at all to Vanessa's Dumpling House nearby. Small, cramped and service is nearly non-existent. I know a lot of people rave about Prosperity, but the logistics are messy. I recommend walking a few blocks for a way better atmosphere with the same prices ($1 for four delicious pan-fried pork/chive dumplings) that is also noticeably cleaner. At Vanessa's you feel cool eating cheap food. At Prosperity, you just feel downright dirty.
Not much to say here that hasn't already been said. Quick, no nonsense dumplings at change in your pocket prices. I wouldn't trek very far to get here unless you buy them in bulk or happen to be in the area. Delicious stuff! Note: Not very healthy. I let my container sit for a little bit after finishing and all of the juices hardened into fat lol
GIRL ON A BUDGET --- I found mecca/heaven/nirvana... SO CHEAP AND DELICIOUS!!! $2 dinner that is both filling and delicious -- im sorry but that is just too freaking good to be true. obviously, try the dumpling but their hot and sour soup and particularly the pancakes are also to die for --- well, to die for, for $2 that is. note: it is literally A HOLE IN THE WALL --- so prepare to squeeze.
Tiny little counter-service place with dumplings that are pretty tasty, albeit nothing to write home about.  But they're 5 dumplings for a dollar, and you can't beat that.  Very quick service as well.
Super cheap but mediocre dumplings. Filling is just not as flavorful aa many other places in Chinatown. We went here when the line was out the door at vanessa's and wont make that mistake again.
This place makes me think that Chinese sweatshops aren't as bad as CNN makes it out to be.  The first thing you see when you walk into this place is a whole gang of Chinese people hustling to make these puppies.  And they're having an awesome time doing it.  Actually, wait.  That's the 5th thing you see.   The 1st thing is a massive pile of trash outside. The 2nd is the back of peoples' heads as you wait in line. The 3rd is  a menu of everything.  Like literally everything. The 4th is a bottle of watered down Sri racha.  I'm not sure how I feel about that...but I figured it out.  To the commoner, the "$$$$" Filter'ing Yelper, that would be a bad thing.  All I have to say to you people is, "ya ain't all that, because you're getting full off of less than $6.  So don't be so snooty." I see that bottle as a testament to their confidence in the product and how little they care about the $$$$ Filterer, and it's pretty bad @$$.  The owners are thinking, "my stuff is so good and so cheap that I'm gonna serve you WATERED-DOWN HOT SAUCE, and you're STILL gonna eat it." And I did.  And then I bought 150 frozen ones to bring back home to my parents. These guys are seriously... Original. Chinese. Gangstas. ...well before the Honey Badger came on the scene.
The dumplings here are amazing! The hubs and I ordered 8 total dumplings (2 orders of 4) and a duck sesame pancake. Everything tasted great and was super cheap. Each order of dumplings only costs $1! We ended up only spending $4 in the end. There are only a couple of chairs to sit at inside, but I'd recommend taking your food to-go and eating somewhere else. It was a little crowded when we got there, but to my surprise we got our orders almost immediately. I'm impatient so this was a huge bonus! Definitely recommend!!!
Yeah it's super cheap but I wouldn't say it's mind blowing. Maybe too many hours of sitting as a kid and folding dumplings with my mom while she watched her stories has made it weird to think about paying someone to make these for me. Their sesame duck sandwich though is quite good and better than the ones at Vanessa's down the street.
Don't come here for the atmosphere Don't come for the space Don't come to the comfort Come here for 5 dumplings for a dollar And they're the best dumplings. You will ever have
Oh my. OH MY. I was in the city on a business trip. My friend, who lives there, said that we had to try Prosperity Dumpling, that you could get ten dumplings for a dollar. I thought she was exaggerating. When we walked in, I saw $1.00 and $2.00 on the menu and thought, "Okay, a dollar for a dumpling, that's not bad for New York City." Then I noticed the fine print. It was 5/$1.00 for fried, and 10/$1.00 steamed. How is that possible? I didn't even get food poisoning? Where is the karma for basically getting paid to take the dumplings? And they were good. Oh yes. They were very good. I got ten steamed pork and vegetable. Husband got ten fried pork and chive. Friend got five fried pork and chive and five veggie. Add their special sauce (brown) and sriracha (red hot sauce) and you have a tasty, really tasty, lunch. It was worth every step in the hot July sun. Now that I'm a hundred zillion miles away from the city, I actually set out to make dumplings that would taste just like Prosperity Dumplings. They were that good. Honestly. Go.
So after reading so many good reviews here on Yelp about this place (and after dreaming of some good dumplings for so many months) I finally came here with my bf. We came on a Tuesday night and it was pretty empty,aside from another couple who came in seconds after us. I thought "Great! No lines!". But it just so happens that they don't make small batches of the FRIED dumplings..which were the ones I wanted. They only make them if your buying a lot  or I guess if there is a lot of people there,so we ended up having to get the boiled/steamed ones. Anyway, we proceeded to order. My bf and I each got 10 pork and chive dumplings and a beef sesame beef pancake. The sesame beef pancake is no longer $1 as I had read before...they are actually $1.75. Still not a bad price. Before leaving the place, we doused our dumplings in some soy sauce and enjoyed them while walking. Since its cold in NY right now and it just snowed,the benches in the park across the street were cold and wet so we didn't opt to sit in the park. But we will when we go back some time in the Spring or Summer (because we certainly will make another trip back). In conclusion, the meal was delicious, satisfying, and cheap..just as I expected :) 20 dumplings + 2 sesames beef pancakes = $7.50 How can u beat that?!
It might be a small place with not much room to move around... but the dumplings are out of this world. Very cheep, and they fill you up. Best dumplings I have had in my whole life.
OMG. this place is awesome!! I couldn't believe my eyes when i saw the price on the board. $1 for 5 dumplings?! I was hesitant to order at first... will it taste good? I am glad i ordered. It's really really good!! I had the boiled and pan fried one. I also had the pancake! soo good.. love love love. I wish this place is closer to where i live so i can have dumplings everyday!
1$ for 4 dumplings, yummy and crispy. Be careful when you bite into them because they are a bit juicy so don't burn your face! Duck pancake was alright, it had duck + carrots + cilantro in it. The sesame pancake itself is very bready so it will fill you up!
Best greasy dumplings I've ever had.  Not the 'best' or most refined, but this place is fucking heaven if you've been drinking. This place is shockingly cheap as well - 4 huge friend pork & chive dumplings for $1, sesame pancake with duck for $2 ($1 if plain), 8 veggie dumplings for $2.50. The place is the definition of hole-in-the-wall and is of questionable cleanliness, but staff is quite awesome and efficient. This is type of finds I love: cheap, fast, tasty and no bullshit.
CASH ONLY. Well actually I don't know if they take card but you'll probably look dumb handing them your card for a 1 dollar meal. Atmosphere ?/5 - What is this- a shack for ants? Not, but it's really tiny and has maybe 5 seats. Service 3/5 - Fast, but I've been here when the guy has effed but my order severely. Food 5/5 - Okay 5 fried pork&chive dumplings for 1 dollar. They're huge too. What. whatwhathwathwahtata. Have definitely gorged myself to death here... and then bought some frozen ones to take home. Awesome.
Prosperity Dumpling is a great example of a hole in the wall business with exceptionally cheap food!  The cheapest meal I had on my entire visit to NY!  My husband and I shared two orders of the pork dumplings.  Each dumpling comes with a generous amount of meat.  I only wish the dumpling skin was thinner.  Don't come excepting five star service, fancy decor, or ample amount of seating.  There are literally four stools in the entire place.  A majority of customers order to go or stand outside eating dumplings in Styrofoam boxes with plastic forks.   Comfort food at it's best!
Skip Vanessa's. This is the best place to eat when you're getting your laundry done. Cheaper than your load of laundry too.
Just when you thought it couldn't get any better than a $5 footlong.... I got 15 dumplings & an amazing sesame pancake for this same price... Was so freakin good I ended up buying 4 bags of 50 frozen dumplings to make at home! Definitely coming back again cs Thanx to my pal JH for recommending this spot.... 5stars well deserved ;) Felipe csob...
This place kicks ass! 5 big delicious pan fried dumplings for a dollar! Hot and sour soup was okay, but I did like the use of Shitake mushrooms. Just do it! I ate a ton of food for less than $4.00!
A hole in the wall. Very similar to places in China. Fried potstickers were a bit greasy and fatty but that's probably what make them so juicy and yummy. I prefer the boiled ones or wonton in soup. 5 for $1 really can't be beat.
Tiny. Cheap. Delicious. You usually get what you pay for, but here, $1 dumplings should be more like $7 dumplings. Or $9. Or $15. They're boiling hot and crispy, and the pork/chive filling is amazing. Additionally, the sesame pancake is heavenly. Just amazing. I almost wish I had never come here, because I don't live in NYC, and I won't be able to go back any time soon. Seriously the best place ever. It's insanely small, so don't plan on sitting inside. Or outside. Take the food and walk somewhere. Also, the front desk guy isn't rude, he's efficient. I don't mind him being efficient, because the food is so good. People need to stop complaining and order the darn dumplings already.
What's good about these dumplings is that they're obviously handmade (you can see the people working in the kitchen overstuffing these dumplings in a fresh shell!) and they're very well balanced with the perfect skin texture. What made me knock a star off is that they're not better than actual homemade dumplings you make with your mom (or maybe it's the nostalgia factor?) but they are light years better than store bought. If you try the pork and chive dumplings and the pancakes they have it ready for you in no time, but I was waiting 15-20 minutes after I placed my order for the steamed veggie dumplings and it was utterly chaotic. By the time I got my pork dumplings which were sitting on the counter the whole time they got soft so I didn't get the characteristic crunchy bottom which is what's great about potstickers. They were still excellent nevertheless. And I know they're trying to be "fast" but I was eating my dumplings on sight so the amount of trash generated for 6 dollars of dumplings was absurd. I do appreciate that the condiments are watered down so you can just dump the hot sauce and dumpling sauce on top without the danger of over-seasoning them.
I've only been here to buy their frozen pork and chive dumplings, and their pancakes. Whenever I've gone here, there is always a crowd of people, but the wait was never too long. I really love making dumplings at home, especially if you don't want to go out or cook anything fancy.  Their meat filling is so good, and you know it's fresh because you can see the ladies in the back kitchen folding the dumplings together!  Unfortunately, I'm not a big fan of their pancakes (veggies and duck) because they use too much cilantro.   Next time when I'm back picking up a new bag of frozen dumplings, I definitely want to try their other stuff on the menu!
A whole in the wall Chinatown GEM. $1 for 4 dumplings! You would think the dumplings would be inferior due to the dirt cheap price but they're actually the best I've had.
Total dive, perhaps even disgusting interior, but the food is that good, and the price is just unheard of! First off the place is literally just a stand.  You walk in, you order, you walk out.  There seems to always be a line as well.  A handful of bar stools line the walls in front, but they appear as reserved seating for Chinatownies. Next you see the big menu board, make your pick, order by number, and stand and wait. We got a number 4, a number 6, and 2 21s.... This translates to 5 fried pork dumplings, 10 boiled pork and chive dumplings, and 2 sesame pancakes with vegetables... all totaling a whopping $5.50.  That is not a typo.   $1 for the fried, $2 for the boiled, and $1.25 for each pancake. The dumplings may be the best I've had, if not right at the top.  The pancake was the size of a slice of pizza, sesame covered crust stuffed with spices (cilantro) carrots, and cabbage.  Delicious! Now on to the gross part.  The attendant was constantly choking on phlegm, wiping his nose on his sleeve, sounding like he wanted to hock a nice lung cookie every 2 minutes... it almost made me sick.  Luckily he was not handling the food.  At least from from what I saw! The place seemed to have about a dozen employees in assembly line fashion in a kitchen the size of a closet.  How do they do that all day?  That was a little unsettling.  But obviously not enough! Wrap up; Don't let the sights of this place turn you off, the food is worth it, trust me!
10 fried dumplings; 4 dollars; 45 second wait for order; from pan to take out box. Fresh, hot, phenomenal. If fits only a handful of people; about the size of a bathroom. Place is SO dump-y it makes you wonder if that food is truly worth the grime. IT IS.
Prosperity Dumpling is a bonafide "hole in the wall" experience. This is a great place to bring those out-of-town friends looking for a memorable bite, assuming they aren't going for healthy/clean. It's a bit heavy to eat regularly of course. Don't bank on having a place to sit at the restaurant, but there are a couple of parks nearby to enjoy your meal. Their fried dumplings (I like to make a dipping sauce out of their soysauce and sriracha) are good enough to give you late night cravings, but don't neglect their sesame sandwiches!!!
Wow, you can't beat the price! 2 of us ate, two servings of dumplings, two sesame pancakes, 2 drinks and 1 hot and sour soup for( drumroll please) $7! AND the food was absolutely yummy! Ok there's just stools and a counter, but it's totally worth it! One tip, do not come here after school is let out. It was packed with kids from the near by school
This place is a hole in the wall, quite literally. Located on a quiet street, the store is recognizable due to the long line extending out of it's store. My mom and I ordered the Chives & Pork fried dumplings only. We see a lot of people ordering the sesame pancake but unfortunately, I wasn't able to try it this time. The dumplings were good. But wasn't amazing. Yes this place won't disappoint you. But then again, it didn't amaze me to the point where I would seek out this place for fried dumplings next time. The skin easily deattaches from the meat, which makes it rather annoying to eat because one would fall and I would have to pick it up with my fork again and then having the struggle of trying to keep the skin and meat on the fork while trying to stick the thing in your mouth without getting oil around your mouth. However, for $1 for 4 dumplings, you can't go wrong with the price. It's cheap, it's good, it's a no brainer. Great place to go to if you want a fast (minus the line) and cheap food option. Other than that, if you want to try this place out, go ahead. As for me, I'm alright. I've tried far too many fried dumplings that I can't point out which one is better.
Why is Prosperity Dumpling so good? It's very tasty and cheap so it's accessible for "everyone." Yes, those quotes are political. I didn't know how small this joint was going to be. If it's really busy, don't expect to get a seat inside unless you're alone or in a party of 2. It's literally like 10x10 feet inside. With that said, it's probably best to just get takeout. Don't be like me and think that the "soup dumplings" are like xiao long bao--they're not. They're dumplings in actual soup and it takes a little while to prepare it for you when you could already be chowing down on what you really want. Just go with the regular dumplings (pork and chive is the hit) and you'll get them quick because they're already prepared and warm since they're constantly being ordered and made. If I lived in the LES, I'd probably come here pretty often.
Don't even know why I'm writing this review.  It's obviously unnecessary. As everyone else has pointed out, $1 gets you five delicious A+ dumplings, and quick. As many have also pointed out, you can buy them in bulk, for the same price, frozen.  I live in DC and bought 100 of these bad boys to take back home.  I've been eating delicious dumplings for months.  Life is good.
Obviously, I'm a fan for the same reason everyone else is.... 20 CENT DUMPLINGS! My girlfriend got the noodles, she didn't really like them. But I told her, this place is called Prosperity Dumpling, not Prosperity Noodle. Don't be a fool. Eat some cheap ass dumplings. Oh, and a sesame pancake. Do it.
I went to New York for a weekend. It was pouring rain outside and freezing cold so I stopped by here with my sister. It's a small place, with about 7-8 stools lined up against the wall with the counter. We ordered the steamed dumplings and the fried dumplings. $3 for 15 dumplings total! Best deal ever!!! The wait was rather short. The dumpling sauce they make is awesome!! I wanted to package up the sauce and take it home. And the food was perfect for the cold weather! The fried dumplings were just crispy enough on the bottom. The meat in the dumplings were very well flavored. Both types of dumplings were delicious! Definitely worth dropping by to get some.
Best dumplings I've ever had in my 22 years residing in Chinatown. Cheap too! You will have to squeeze in-between people and their conversations to grab the vinegar, soy sauce, and hot sauce, but don't eat your pork dumplings without it. It's worth going in there when it's crowded, the dumplings are fresh and made to order. When the shop's emptier, the dumplings are stored in a wok, and the skin gets soggy.
Cheapest best food in the LES.  Damn they got some good dumplings.
Went here a few days ago with some friends for lunch.  This place is extremely busy all the time.  There's only like 6 seats in the seating area packed into an area of about 7' by 5'.  The dumplings are really really good and for only a buck for 5 its an incredibly good deal as well.
I'm from H-town where there's many Chinese dumpling shop that's highly competitive. After reading couple reviews had to check this place out. Interesting menu and the good is EXTREMELY cheap! The dumpling noodle soup has a bland broth. The Boilled shrimp dumpling has too much dough & shrimp was bland. The sesame pancake is def oily and very heavy. The ONLY this worth buying is their chive and pork fried dumpling, 4 for $1. That was good but only that. It gets a crazy busy crowd!
Incredible value.  Tried the fried pork and chive dumplings and the egg sesame pancake.  Agree with other reviewers that the dumplings are on the greasy side, but are flavourful enough and nicely filling.   Enjoyed the egg pancake quite a bit more than the dumplings.  The pancake is better balanced as a dish; the crunch of the sesame seeds, the refreshing julienned carrot and cilantro, and the savouryness of the egg is a yummy combo.  Would go back for that item for sure.
Prosperity Dumpling is hands out, the best dumpling shop in NYC. They're cheap and so delicious. There are plenty of other cheap dumpling shops in NYC, but they cant compare to Prosperity! These dumplings are so juicy, the meat is seasoned perfectly, and the skin is just the right amount of crispiness. Keep in mind though, theres only about 4 seats inside the store, so you may not get a seat to sit in!
Does Prosperity need another glowing review? Probably not.  But since those 5 for $1 pork-and-chive fried dumplings do it for me every time, I figured I should return the favor. How can you beat $1 for five of the most delicious dumplings in this hemisphere? Or $1.25 for a perfectly fried, deliciously unhealthy beef-stuffed sesame pancake? I never leave unsatisfied, and never leave even remotely still hungry.  For that, I'll shell out $2.25 any day.
Great dumplings. The best I've had thus far!! The pork and chive dumplings and Shrimp dumplings are good. Everything is fresh. I highly recommend the roast beef sesame pancake. The place is small and doesn't look the cleanest but overall good place to eat.
OK look, I'm Chinese and I *hated* dumplings growing up. Didn't like 'em, plain and simple. But these.... these are a different story. Every time I find myself in NY, even just for a few hours, I end up dragging my poor companions all the way over from the other side of town to eat at this hole in the wall. Probably not fantastic for your arteries, but amazing for your wallet + NYC experience when you chow these down while sitting at the playground just down the street with your best friend, watching the kids climbing around and trying not to look too creepy.
I took Courtney J and her boy as part of their quick Chinatown eats tour and boy did they enjoy it.  As we were waiting for our freshly steamed chive and pork dumplings, a few white people walked in.  I turn to the boy and asked - do you know how you can tell if the place is awesome?  When white folk come to your restaurant.  /nod
Like others, I was shocked to find the prices stuck in the 90s. I LOVE IT HERE! We came by when the guy (who is really nice btw)  had the flu, but we still got 5 items x 2 from this place. Only cost us $10.00 (or less, we gave a $2 tip)
Perfect. Just perfect. Hole in the wall. Dirty cheap. Food that makes you want to move to China Town and possibly by the flat above the shop. Sesame green onion pancake the absolutely magnificent. Additional dumplings are magnificent as well. Just so cheap. HOW IS IT SO CHEAP?!?! I guess I should be lucky I live in the Midwest as I would be straight up obese if I lived near here. Would include a sesame pancake from Prosperity Dumpling as part of my hypothetical last meal. Just. That. Good.
A friend told me that this is a hole-in-the-wall Chinese place.., but it's more like a crack-in-the-wall since it's extremely small & hidden! With over 1,600 reviews with an average rating of 4.5 stars.., my positive review will get lost in the mix.  This place was well worth it, but it is out of the way from the subway.  Since I was going to be visiting Chinatown in NY, my friends & I wanted to eat here since it got terrific reviews from Yelp. FYI.., this place it ultra tiny!!!  It's designed more as a takeout place; but if you decide to dine in as we did, they can only seat about a total of 8 people from both sides of the walls.  It can get really hot inside during the summer.  If I lived in this area.., I would order takeout here all the time!  The flavor of their food is very tasty and their prices are extremely cheap!  Stop by here if you're around the area.
Some friends were visiting  town and we were looking for a quick and inexpensive place to eat before doing some NYC sightseeing. We wandered around the narrow streets of Chinatown until we found this tiny place, which was full of customers (as opposed to the other restaurants nearby), so we took this as a positive sign. And we were not disappointed! For $7 we had lunch for 3 people, unbelievable! The place is tiny and there is barely space to eat in, its more of a takeout really. We had the sweet sour soup, the pork fried dumplings and the sesame pancake with chicken. I didn't try the soup (my friend said it was good), but the dumplings were really great: very satisfying chewy doe with a delicious pan-fried taste and the filling was really well seasoned that I didn't even add any sauce. The sesame pancake really is like a sandwich. They fry a whole pancake first and then cut it like a pita bread and fill it with fresh veg (cilantro, which gave it a fresh taste and some shredded carrots) and with torn apart pieces of chicken... it was yummy! I came back several days later to grab some dumpling for my better half to try. Will definitely come back for more.
Nirvana (Sanskrit: ; Pali: ; Prakrit: ) is the state of being free from suffering (or dukkha) in sramanic thought 2-American rock band fronted by Kurt cobain. 3-46 Eldridge Street
I always seem to end up in Chinatown on random Sundays running around to different restaurants. This Sunday was no different, and somehow came across the YELP reviews for Prosperity Dumpling. All the reviews are true; the place is about as big as a closet, it's dingy, it's the cheapest meal I have probably ever had in my life, the food is great. Our order: *Sesame pancake with beef (very good!) *5 Pork and Chive fried dumplings (loved!) *4 Pork Buns *1 Diet Coke *1 Coke Total Cost; $5.75. The place is tiny but everyone is really nice. Counters were awfully dirty, and my OCD was kicking in and wanted to give them a good wipe down, but for $1.00 for 5 dumplings, can you really complain?
Really tasty fried pork and chive dumplings.   Preferred them over the steamed.   At 5 for $1 in Manhattan, this joint makes the Flushing Duck Taco window look like highway robbery...
Five dumplings for $2 and a sesame pancake for $1.  Did I get lunch for 3 dollars?  Yes, yes I did.  The grease-induced stomachache was worth it.  I am a happy little cheapskate.
I'm not really a dumpling fan, but for the price, it's pretty great. I initially made the mistake of ordering them steamed, to feel like I was being healthy, but they were kind of flavorless. But then we followed it up with an order of fried pork and chive dumplings, which were 100x better. I also tried the sesame pancake with beef, which was delicious. I think we spent about $8 for more food than the 2 of us could eat. I also left feeling like I was covered in grease. Eh, it happens.
HOLY CHEAP AND DELICIOUS Batman! Yes, just go. Just order anything on the menu. I went with 2 other friends, ordered tons of food...and maybe spent $10 total. I mean, the dumplings are fresh, and tasty. They taste like the veggies in them, and they DRIP with tasty juices. It may look like a hole in the wall, but that's because the whole space is dedicated to making and preparing and cooking the dumplings, with just adequate space for people to squeeze in to order. GET EVERYTHING! I'll be there every day from now until....well, forever.
Best. Dumplings. In. NYC. No seating room. Doesn't matter. Dumplings are dirt cheap and freaking delicious. Don't even get me started on the sesame pancakes. Cheapest date option ever, and if a date is cool with rollin with this flow, he's a keeper.
Awesome little dumpling shop. They are fast, cheap and brief. If you don't want to see or talk to any of you and want a quick little bite of awesomeness, this is it.
This place is literally as good as it gets when it comes to bang for your buck. The dumplings are delicious, service is fast, and the prices are unbeatable. Don't go here looking for gourmet cuisine with a fancy decor- it is literally a little hole in the wall operation, but at 20 cents a pop the dumplings are second to none.
The dumplings were not fried enough for my taste, I look forward to the crunch and these were just not crunchy enough.  That said they were tasty and I enjoyed them very much.  Not better or worse than most other dumpling places.  There were more chives than usual which provides good texture compared to the soft pork. The fried pork buns are amazing!  Not sure what they are stuffed with besides pork, might be black mushroom, but no chives or anything green.  Really excellent flavor, well fried, but still a bit doughy which i love. The sesame pancake with pork was amazing!  This was the best sesame pancake I've ever had.  The pork was pork belly which made me very happy!  I'm one of those people who can't stand Cilantro, so I ask for this item without it, and they oblige. The pancake was perfect, great soft inside, nice almost crunchy outside, the top is covered in sesame seeds, which add great texture and of course flavor.  For $1.75 its one of the best deals in the city!  This is absolutely worth going out of your way for. The first time i went they were not friendly at all, but I'm getting used to that the more I eat in this area, unfortunately.   The 2nd time I went they were slightly friendlier, still no smile or 'thank you', etc.  That said, I will be back for the food for sure, its quite good.  One thing I especially like about this place is that they do not water down the condiments, as a few other places do, so you get that strong soy/vinegar and Sriracha flavor.
Cheap and delicious Get them frozen, steamed, or fried It's dumpling heaven
This place defines great cheap eats: hole-in-the-wall serving 10 quality pork & chive dumplings for $2
I work near here and have tried at least half a dozen dumpling spots in the neighborhood. Prosperity is the best. Get one of the scallion-sesame pancakes while you're there, too.
Knew I just had to visit this place if I came to Chinatown and man am I glad I did! I came here around 10 pm and I was super lucky that there was only a couple that was in front of me ordering and no one sitting around. Otherwise the place probably only had enough seats for 3 people inside. I ordered 2 servings of the famous dollar dumplings that are 1 dollar for four, chicken soup dumplings, and the hot & sour soup (Yes I ate a lot!). Let me tell you that these dumplings are NOT your average small dumplings, they are one of the biggest dumplings you can find. Skeptical that it mustn't taste all that great since it's already so cheap and big portioned, I was blown away by the aromatic filling and juices. The pork and chives dumplings are just the way I like them, very meaty and not too much chives that overpowers the delicious juices from the meat. The crust is also nice with just the perfect amount of crisp from being fried. The chicken soup dumplings sort of tripped me up because I assumed it to be a dumpling that is very soupy, but it was actually soup with dumplings. Nonetheless, the chicken dumplings were great as well, filled with meat and other veggies. The hot and sour soup is your standard, but it's way cheaper than anywhere you can find so get your fix here if you are craving it! Prosperity dumpling will always have a place in my heart :P
Every time I visit Chinatown, I make a point to go to this place.  It is very small and can get hot.  4 excellent handmade dumplings for $1?!?!?!  I always get the pork ones and they are also available to go.  There are some tiny spots inside to eat, but it is usually too hot and crowded since they are soooo goood.
After a long day of kayaking and walking around the city, we came here looking for something cheap and delicious. And that is exactly what we found (the quick was a bonus). The menu is quite comprehensive of a traditional dumpling place so after a few minutes of consideration, I opted for the ten boiled pork and chive dumplings and a sesame pancake with vegetables (lunch for less than $6). After ordering, I stepped aside and was retrieving forks when I was handed a bag with my food. Now, onto the taste. The insides of the dumplings were flavorful and not too salty (pet peeve). I would have preferred less of the skin along the outsides, but I just didn't eat the sides where they're sealed. The sesame pancake was much larger than I expected (I was thinking of scallion pancakes), but it was quite delicious. I would have preferred the pancake to be thinner since my filling sank to the back of the pancake, but it was still tasty with some sriracha. All in all, a perfect lunch spot, and I'll definitely be back to try the other dumpings and noodles!
Not much to add that hasn't already been written. My only stop for dumplings in Manhattan - i know i should branch out but you just can't beat the prices and the proximity to the B and D at Grand St which makes for an adventurous break and escape from midtown. I do have a few tips though: Tip 1: where to eat your dumplings when there's no room  inside the prosperity closet - take a right out of the shop and walk about 50 steps to the little playground. there are probably 7 or 8 benches. Tip 2: the boiled dumplings are pretty boring. stick with the fried. Tip 3: The plain sesame pancake is tasty, but is really just a hunk of bread. get one filled with beef instead. Tip 4: Here's my circa 75-minute (including the ride on the B or D from 40th and 6th) lunch break tour of Chinatown - best with a partner so you can share everything and get the most flavor and diversity for your money. -Get out at Grand St and head SE to Prosperity on Eldridge. Order 10-15 fried. Eat in or eat while you walk.... -Down to Canal, where you'll head east until you hit Elizabeth. Once southbound on Elizabeth, you'll eventually run into ViVi Bubble Tea (yelp.com/biz/vivi-bubble…) on Bayard. Grab an order of light, crispy popcorn chicken for $3 with your choice of spice - I prefer curry. - take a left out of ViVi and then a right on Mott. Close this perfect circle of a tour by picking up the #1 (say yes to spicy!) at Banh Mi Saigon (yelp.com/biz/banh-mi-sai…) on the east side of Mott just before Grand. then just turn the corner, hop back on the B or D at Grand and enjoy your half of this crispy baguette on your ride back to Midtown. 20 fried at prosperity = $4 popcorn chicken at ViVi = $3 Banh Mi at Saigon = $3.75 Total cost for a 3 course meal for 2: $10.75 SUPER QUICK UPDATE - 3 hours after eating at Prosperity = Horrible MSG Headache - beware!!
Lunch for just $2 in Manhattan?!? What else can you ask for? Yes, the line can be a bit long (but moves quickly), its cash only, there's very little seating, and just like the rest of Chinatown, service isn't really a thing, but you can get 5 dumplings for just $1. Authentic, juicy, freshly cooked (you can also buy the frozen ones in bulk, which I've heard cook quite well) dumplings. I'm not the biggest dumpling eater so I usually opt for the sesame pancakes for $2. Compared to other sesame pancakes, they aren't too oily, are super soft and fluffy, well-flavored with scallions and sesame, and just delicious. The duck one in particular is superb and has some other vegetables in it as well. Plenty of seating at any of the nearby parks (or random track fields that people like to bike on). I'll definitely be back!
The place is tiny, the line is long, but how can you beat 5 fried pork/chive dumplings for a buck!   To be honest, I expected it to be one of those "well, you get what you paid for"  type of places, but to my surprise, what I had was really good.  The fried pork/chive dumplings were cooked perfectly and had a lot of meat.  The sesame pancake ($1.75) with egg stole the show.  It was more like a sesame pancake/Vietnamese sandwich.  The pancake was crispy and not too dense, the fried egg was a bit runny (just the way I like it), and there were shredded pickled carrots. I'm definitely coming back for the sesame pancake with pork! New favorite place in Chinatown. That was the best $2.75 I've spent for lunch...ever....
$1 for 5 of the most perfect fried pork and chive dumplings I've ever had!?  Wow.  This has to be the best $1 meal in all of NYC.
And I thought Vanessa's dumplings were good....whOaMG!  These are lighter, tastier and the Sriracha isn't watered down!  No where to sit, but so yummy, who cares.
I can't say anything that has not been said before ... good, fast, cheap, hope I didn't catch anything and no need to mention it to mom. Kinda like what I look for in a girl friend.  LOL,   but seriously this place is great and  redlines the bang for the buck meter.  And as an added bonus tourists seldom venture east of Bowery.
I remember when this place was a small, unpopular shop. I love their pancakes and green bean soup. I think that's what it's called. I'm not a fan of $1 fried dumplings but it's still a great little spot!
I usually avoid Chinese places with a lot of non-Chinese waiting outside. This is one of them. Went with my bf, who's not Chinese, because he heard it's good and popular. I tried it, and it was mediocre, quite plain to my taste. I hope he's not gonna take me to more of these "popular among non-Chinese ppl Chinese restaurants" again...
It was a lazy saturday afternoon and my girlfriend and I wanted to venture into Chinatown for some cheap asian eats. She had heard that this place, Prosperity Dumplings, was pretty highly regarded and pretty inexpensive, too. So, we took the bus downtown and within 40 minutes of leaving her place we were in dumpling bliss. We both ordered the sesame pancake with vegetables (carrots and cilantro mostly), which was roughly the size of a slice of pizza but cost less than 2 dollars. We topped them with Sriracha sauce the place had on hand and, end result, they were amazing. I ordered 10 steamed pork and chive dumplings for only $2(!). They were some of the meatiest and tastiest dumplings I've ever had. I couldn't resist and dug in right as I got them, ripping one to shreds with my chopsticks, but I didn't care. They were so good and for about $3.50 I was full and satisfied. My only regret is that I didn't buy a frozen bag of 50 for $8. I was kicking myself for the rest of the day over that.
A Friend of mine told me about this place so we trecked over.  Just 3000 miles and passport control.  Worth it for 10 pan fried pork dumplins.  Very generous on the filling and you can see crew in the back making them from scratch, what an ART! Place get's busy and your best to take em' to go... but the area doesn't have much in the way of park bench seating.. its Chinatown, all retail business and super busy all the time. Enjoy! WE DID
Ok, who doesn't like cheap fried dumplings?!  I love the menu, it's simple but gets to the point.  5dumplings for $1, or 10dumplings for $2. There's maybe, just maybe enough room to hold 7 people (that's in line and sitting) in this wonderful joint in Chinatown.  No loitering.  At the back store/kitchen you see 5 people hunched over a massive ball of meat filling and prepping the dumplings, love the work ethic.  One guy in the front who is the cook AND the cashier, working on one large pan for frying and the other for boiling.   IF ONLY someone in Vancouver can start this up, I would be their number one customer!!!
Great dumpling place, one of the best places I have discovered. I have only tried the fried chive and pork dumplings which is amazing. Its quick and cheap 25 cents a piece. Only bad part is trying to get in the store to order and waiting for your order, but worth the wait!
Awesome place for the cheapest dumplings I have ever tried! The dumplings are delicious. We tried the 10 pc steamed chive and pork dumplings and the 5 pc fried dumplings as well. Also tried the sesame pancake with beef fillings. All of them would probably receive 5 stars for taste. Wanted to try the Pork bun which seems to be highly recomennded; unfortunately they were out of it. I will have to go back for it. With all the above, the bill came to 4.75 $ :). A great deal in the city!
Yes you can get an order of fried dumplings for just $1 here. But the dumplings are way too doughy with low quality filling. Sesame pancake was cold and greasy. Felt like throwing up after eating here. Unless you're broke and homeless, and this is the only thing you can afford, I would avoid this place.
The food is cheap and tastey as everyone says. The service is generally fast unless you enter just as they put another batch on the fire. They always say 10 minutes, but it's always more than 15... I would argue that this place has slightly better taste than Vanessa's but with less room and worse service. Sometimes the owner clearly has a cold and is very unapologetic about handling the food and money w/ unsanitary hands. I still eat there though, I just hope that the fire and hot sauce is collectively strong enough to kill the germs. Aside from the dumplings, I recommend trying their dumpling soup and fried pancakes with meat.
Great location for foodies who seek gems in big cities.  The #17 fried dumplings are indeed what to order.  I did order some boiled shrimp dumplings which were good, but after hanging out in their small eating area for a while, I found out that you can ask for them to be fried - which makes them much better, and of course more expensive. I also tried the pancake (pork) - next time, I'll order the egg.  The pork was a little cold and didn't create a great experience.  But the #17 - top notch.  And for $1.00 - wow!
Brought two bags of frozen dumpling.  Yummm
I almost had a dumpling-moment eating them. So so so so legit. Good enough to replicate the good old memories of queuing up (for ages) outside of Nanxiang Dumpling food stand in a dodgy food alley in Shanghai and then feasting on their gigantic pan-fried dumplings, with hot broth oozing out of them. My Taiwanese friend has been telling me about this place for AGES. We were down in Chinatown for the parade - and I decided to buy some home. The line was slightly insane - I probably waited in line for 30 minutes (even though most people were buying the frozen dumplings to be taken away). 50 frozen chives/cabbage+pork dumplings for $9 - what a steal. So affordable!!! To justify my wait, I bought 2 bags of 50 and another bag of 50 for another friend. Got a slice of its famous sesame pancake as well. The sesame pancake was all right - 2 stars - crispy enough on the outside and chewy enough on the inside. But it lacks flavour. So I commenced on my arduous journey back home (UWS) with 150 dumplings. I picked up a bottle of Sriracha hot chili sauce on my way to the subway as I saw people pumping it onto their dumplings in the eatery. BTW, the eatery is very small - it sits at most 5 people. Looks uncomfortable. I would highly recommend packing the cooked/frozen versions and leave ASAP (and incur good karma). I came back home ... just a while ago, I boiled 3 cabbage+pork dumplings. ARRRRGH ... too good. LEGIT. Broth oozing out was delish. Pork+cabbage combo was perfect. The dough skin was chewy (not thick and bland like most other dumplings)! I am so glad that I bought 100 of them.
The owner/man who takes the orders is a great guy and a good father. Don't expect to drum up some conversation, he's strictly business. He takes several people's orders at the same time while also tending to his little princess daughter... Good man. I went there with my girlfriend and had to wait several minutes for fresh dumplings to be boiled. He gave us 11 in an order of 10. :] Oh yea, and the dumplings are great (FAR better than Vanessa's and Dumpling Man) $1 for 5 dumplings... For the taste and price, I think they're unbeatable.
2 orders of dumplings, and soy milk for less than 5 bucks?! hell yea... it makes me wonder...how do they afford new york rent? so good, i want some now...but we are no longer in new york. wah...
I love these dumplings (well-done and a little crispy), and the sesame pancakes are pretty right on too.  For the price you can't beat it.  I dig the vibe of Mosco St. dumplings better, but the food here wins.
Prosperity Dumpling is on the edge of Chinatown so you have to walk a little bit from the 4,5,6 line but keep your eyes peeled for a little hole in the wall establishment. If you go during mealtimes there will definitely be a line but if not, make sure you don't walk past it on accident. We ordered 8 pork and chive dumplings for $2 flat (bring cash!!) pan fried. They have only a couple of stools so make sure you snag a seat if you're planning on eating there. There's also the Chinatown park nearby if you just want to get your food take out. The pan fried dumplings are perfectly crispy on the outside and juice and tender in the inside. At some restaurants, when they pan fry them, the dumpling skins become burnt/black but these were just the perfect golden brown. They were also large dumplings so 8 was definitely sufficient and a great meal for $2. You can also buy 50 frozen dumplings for $9 which is what we did to take them home and boil/fry up some whenever we wanted a quick snack. Such a great cheap and delicious meal in Chinatown. I generally try to go there at least once a month.
Value! Came here at 9am on a Saturday morning, boo yea beat the traffic and fell in love with these never-frozen dumplings. I got the pork and cabbage dumplings, fried and steamed. I liked the fried one a little bit more than the steamed but I'd recommend to anyone trying both. Their Soy Bean Milk is AMAZING! Never really had soy bean milk but for some reason this milk was bringing me back some warm and fuzzy feelings of happiness. Even though it was 9am, we had to wait 2 minutes to get seating so expect to eat the milk + dumplings outside... Update: +1 star for their Sesame Pancake
Small hole-in-the-wall with the best dumplings ever! I got the fried pork and chive dumplings here ($1 for 4). Wonderfully juicy and cheap, and hot and fresh when you get them. The skin is nice and chewy, but not too thick. It gets my vote for best fried pork/chive dumplings in Manhattan Chinatown!
So Good.....So Cheap, how do they make any money selling 5 dumplings  for a buck with no sales tax???!!!. Tasty tender thin dumpling skin, great flavor pork and chive filling. Soylent green is people...It's People!!!! I don't care .. dem is some tasty folks!
Great prices and their sesame pancake with duck is a must have.  Their dumplings are made there.  This is such a cool hole-in- the-wall place.  I would say go for fried over boiled dumplings.  Avoid the shrimp dumplings.
Found this place on a Saturday (lunchtime) - NO WAIT! As everyone mentions this place is dirt cheap. 5 dumplings/$1. Make sure you get the fried dumplings. The soy sauce and the dumpling combo is unbeatable. The dumplings themselves pack so much flavor. Possibly the best gem I've found on Earth.
YUM.  One of the best values in NYC...  Dumplings best eaten while piping hot, but be careful of the juice (it can be messy!).  Potstickers (#4) are the way to go!
What can I say?   $1 dumplings that don't suck.   Mind blowing, no, but good, perhaps as much as almost any other dumpling, gyoza, mandoo.... that you will set you back far more dough.  If you're in the hood and have the slightest hankering for some eats, it is definitely worth a visit.
What I've Had: Dumplings (both fried and steamed), veggie pancake Would I go Back?: YES Story: Came here on a food adventure one day when me and a friend were down in chinatown exploring around. i had heard great things about this hole in the wall dumpling place that was cheap eats and amazing authentic dumplings - had to check it out. There was a line but it moves very quickly - MAKE SURE ONCE YOU GET TO THE FRONT YOU KNOW WHAT YOU WANT TO ORDER (things move very quickly) this is a locals spots so know your sh**. Very small space so don't expect to sit - theres a small park down the way where me and my friends often stop off to eat our dumplings. Definitely the best dumplings i've had thus far in the city. Veggie pancake is worth a try as well - i thoroughly enjoyed it. They are always out of pork buns every time i go so they must be good if they're always sold out.
SO cheap and SOOOO good! Stop in, but know that it is tiny so you'll probably be standing outside eating!
Best place to get a cheap bite in Chinatown. Place: It is a very small place with not much space to eat in. Expect lines out the door. Service: It took about 10-15 minutes for my order to be prepared. Food: If price was not considered, I would give the food 3 stars. The pork and chive dumpling soup is very homestyle and is amazing on a chilly day. However, it's not anything extraordinary. When you consider that the price per dumpling is about 25 cents, it is truly exceptional. The portions are generous, but the dumplings had a thicker skin than I would've liked.
I feel bad about giving a place that sells cheap panfried dumplings for a dollar, but here goes... After hearing the hype about this place, I decided to give it a try. I ordered the pork and chives pan fried dumplings, and found the skin too thick, and the filling way too greasy. They're really porky too (read: way too much lumpy, fatty meat and too little vegetables), and I felt like I was eating a soup dumpling disguised as a regular dumpling. This type of dumpling really wouldn't fly in China, and it isn't even that authentic. It's something that a grocery store in China wouldn't even sell because it the taste just doesn't make the cut. Best Northern Dumpling in Flushing is also a cheap dive restaurant, but is way better in the quality of ingredients they use, and the authenticity of the final produce. I would definitely know. I'm from Northern China where dumplings were born, and Prosperity Dumpling doesn't do them a bit of justice.
A complete HOLE in the wall. The BEST HOLE in the wall. Full of delicious juicy dumplings! me. happy. content. belly. rub.  :)
Food - 9/10 Service - 8/10 Atmosphere - 4/10 $1 for 5 fried dumpllings. Line can get long especially during lunch time and afternoons. Dumplings are quite plump compared to other cheap dumpling spots. Recommend: Fried dumplings Scallion Pancakes (stuff with choice of meat or plain) Soy Bean milk Pro-tip: Don't order any other dumpling variations unless you want to wait an extra 20 minutes. This place is known only for the pork/chive dumplings. I see fools order the other types of dumplings all the time, they gotta take them out of the freezer and fry them separately away from the big iron pan.
I just took home a 50 pack of frozen dumplings ($9).....very excited to have these delicious morsels at my fingertips 24/7.  I suggest you do the same.
3.5/5 stars This is a tiny restaurant with barely 8 seats MAX, so if you're looking for a sit-down restaurant, you should go somewhere else. But, my friends and I just ordered a bunch of stuff and walked to a park that's just down the block & had a mini picnic. The dumplings were fairly simple, but yummy and most importantly, SUPER cheap. The only negative thing about it was, the dough was a bit too dense/thick for my taste. I also tried the sesame pancakes, which were just alright. I really wanted to try their cold soybean milk, but they ran out :/ I'm not sure if I will make a trip out to Chinatown just to eat this, but if I'm in the area, I wouldn't mind eating there again.
I've been here about a dozen or so times, and have sampled an array of menu items.   Some of the hits were: - pan fried pork and chive dumplings. - pan fried pork and cabbage dumplings. - sesame pancake with egg. - sesame pancake with pork. - sesame pancake with beef. - sesame pancake with peking duck. - beef noodle soup. - noodles with beef and bean sauce. - noodles with mashed sesame sauce. - dumpling soup. And some of the misses were: - bolied vegetable dumplings. - boiled shrimp dumplings (biggest miss of all......super bland). - there are approximately 6 chairs inside and if you plan on dining in, you may be disappointed. My verdict: The hits totally outweigh the misses! There food is very good and it's dirt cheap.......so if you're on a budget, for $5 you'll have no problem getting full on some good eats. A language barrier does exist with the gentleman who always seems to be behind the counter, and he does get a little impatient with the customers sometimes,  but have a some thick skin......it's worth it.
Yes, it's worth the trek. Yes, you will be absolutely stuffed for under five dollars. No, there is no room, because hole-in-the-wall businesses rule. But unfortunately, that means maybe don't take an eight-person party inside and stand around trying to decide on what to get. Get the sesame pancake sandwiches. Any of them. The most bang for your buck, and god, are they deeelicious.
These dumplings are cheap and amazing!!!! I had a wonton noodle soup that was also delicious. The noodles were fat and tasted amazing. Go there right now! Ok fine, I know they are closed right now but go as soon as they are open! Enjoy
The food is cheap and kind of tasty. In the world of dumpling they are simple and not over the top. The space is beyond small (like 6 stools) but I can imagine this being a quick grab and go meal spot with parks close by. I would definitely revisit this well reviewed spot.
Okay, with 1k plus reviews and an average of 4.5 stars there are a lot of people who love Prosperity Dumpling.   First off, my review is solely for the Beef Sesame Pancakes so I'm not hating on the much loved dumplings so simmer down.  I digress.  Back to the pancakes.  Frankly, I'd had better.  Between the doughy texture - not crisp outside and the pre-made/cold pancake, I much prefer the one's at Vanessa's.  I did, however, like the beef - it was marinated and was tender.  The veggie filing was also lackluster just like the service.  For $1.75 it was worth a try but I'll head up a couple of blocks for my fit next time around.   Will try the dumpling (boiled and fried) next time I'm having a craving so look forward to a review.  Let's see if they'll know Lam Zhou off the top of my list.
Who can say no to 5 dumplings FOR $1?! ONE DOLLAR!! And for really tasty dumplings too! I also recommend you ordering the pork buns. They're 4 for $1 and taste amazing. The place is tiny, so be prepared to take these on the go to eat them at a neighboring park.
Dumplings here are so cheap that it's close to being free! I wish I could give this place a half dollar sign for being so cheap. $1 will get you 5 fried pork and chive dumplings, which will come fresh right out of the huge wok! There's really no place to dine in except for along the walls, so I just stop by, order, and walk and eat. They're really juicy and pretty fatty, which means TONS of flavor. They're so good I burnt my mouth because they pretty much went from the kitchen and into my mouth. It hurt so good. Worth it.
If you thought $1 for a cheeseburger at McDonald's was a steal, you clearly have not been here. The fried dumplings are greasier than necessary as evidenced by the pool of oil in the styrofoam container after scarfing down my treat, but for $1 I can't complain - they do offer them boiled after all.  There are only a few seats crammed in and standing space is limited to maybe five people at this hole in the wall. As for the dumplings themselves, the skin is perfectly chewy and the filling is seasoned just right.  I still like my grandma's better (more veggie less grease), but these definitely fulfill any dumpling craving.
More like 3.5 stars. I came to Prosperity Dumpling for the first time and have to say I was a little disappointed. I'm only writing the review for the pork chive dumpling soup. The soup was ok, but literally every dumpling fell apart when I tried to eat them. And the filling wasn't bad but the dumpling casing was thick and a bit bland. I'll happily try some of the other dishes and change my review, however first impressions weren't met. I think the chive pork dumplings down the road at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Restaurant were much more flavorsome and at a similar price.
11/8/2013 OK - let me just say that my husband found this place on yelp and insisted that we go check it out. I wasn't sure why he was soooo interested in going here, but let me tell you -- I challenge you to find a cheaper dumpling (pot stickers) place than this one! (1) Chive & pork fried dumplings (4 pieces) for only $1.00 -- Can you believe this? So affordable, so cheap, and relatively good for the price. :) We ordered 8 pieces for only $2 bucks. I've never paid for pot stickers at such a price before. (2) Fuzhou fish ball noodle soup for $3.50 - I was expecting the fish balls to be the ones I ate in Fuzhou; however, it didn't come out like that. It was more like wontons (with a clear skin and meat stuffed inside). I ate all the wonton-like balls - they were good, but didn't eat the noodles at all. The noodle was in a not-so-flavorful broth... (3) Oxtail noodle soup $4.00 - my husband ordered this and ate up all the oxtail (it was basically thrown in some light broth + noodles. He didn't really eat the noodles, but thought the meat was well cooked - just not flavorful though. Don't expect this place to be very fancy; it's a hole in the wall with some bar seating. They prepare your food very fast, and while we were there, most people swung by and bought their famous pot stickers (dumplings - either steamed or pan fried). Based on all the items we got, we'd only recommend the pot stickers / dumplings. They're worth your money!! :)
I had to, had to check this place out. 5 dumplings for $1. How do you say no to this. There's no much room by way of seating...It's basically a walk in, order your food, walk out. Service is insanely fast too. Highlights: +1 fast service +1 good dumplings +1 great value and cheap Lowlights: -1 they ran out of scallion pancakes and it took 10 minutes to make more Note: eat the dumplings fresh, if you live far-ish, try them before you get home as to tasty the awesome crunchy pan-fried deliciousness. due to the freshly made part, the steam tends to sog them up a big
The best bang for your buck in NYC.  Out of all the dumpling joints I've been to, this place gives you the most meat in the dumplings.  My favorite item on the menu is the scallion pancake with Peking duck.  So yummy, and cheap. what a great combination.  I'm bringing the gf here for dates from now on!  Seating is very limited, so the gf and I will be squatting outside munching on dumplings.
Dude, this tiny little hole in the wall has kick @$$ dumplings!  We came in the morning right when they opened, so when I ordered our steamed pork and chive dumplings, they were super fresh (we had to wait a couple minutes for them to be steamed).  I could see the ladies hand making them in the back.  A half dozen morsels of juicy delicious goodness, I also LOVED the dumpling skin, it had the perfect texture and thickness.  And uh...$2.50?  I kinda don't get it, but whatever.  We hogfaced those puppies down in secs!  The BB couldn't get enough! Only complaint was that the sriracha sauce was totally watered down, but I guess you can't really blame them for $2.50.
Eat for $1!!! No frills restaurant that makes excellent dumplings! Cough! Cough!
Excellent dumplings but maybe it's because they are so cheap! Best deal in NYC. Currently standing in a 15 person line. 50 frozen dumplings for $9. What a value!
My favorite dumpling place in the city! Beats Vanessa's any day of the week. Grab a bunch along with one of the sesame scallion pancake and go sit in the park on the corner and enjoy!
Dumplings for cheap. I get the fried pork and chive ones, which are always good. I once ordered the soup dumplings (not to be confused with soup dumplings that have soup inside the dumpling e.g. joes shanghai), which is a soup with the dumplings inside. The soup broth has a weird flavor that I didnt like, so I just fished out the dumplings are threw away the soup. Also the soup dumplings take much longer to prepare, so be ready to wait around 10 min.
Cold, cold, day and so steamy hot dumplings was the perfect remedy.  This little hole in the wall in Chinatown is very popular and crowded, but they are able to turn around the order very quickly.  The dumplings were a lot bigger than i expected, pretty good portions.  The outer pastry had a crispiness to it which I likey!  The meat was well seasoned and salty enough without soy sauce.  Which reminds me, if you like soy sauce, make sure you ask them because sometimes they forget to put it in your bag.\ We also order a pork sandwhich that was reminisce of a pork Bánh mì but with a sesame bread instead of french baguettes.  I have to say it was surprisingly good! Cheap, fast, hits the spot!  What else could you ask for?
Good. Cheap. Dumplings. What more could you ask for? Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere? As has been well documented thus far, Prosperity embodies all that is classic New York grit and grind. It's cramped, it's dingy, and the weather indoors matches that outside thanks to the door always being open. Service is no-nonsense, and if you don't know what you want? Get out of line rookie. However, be rest assured friends, you'll get your order quickly, and it'll be correct. Star Granted. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost? Hold on to your hats folks. See these 10 fried dumplings? yelp.com/user_local_phot… Well, those dumplings (all ten of them) are going to cost you $2.75. Yes, you heard that right. Ten dumplings. $2.75. That's it. That's all. The end. It's quite possibly the best price to portion ratio I've ever seen. Star Granted. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food? $2.75. For ten. I want you to keep that in mind folks, because while you often get what you pay for? Here at Prosperity? Well, you get slightly more than you pay for. As you might guess, these aren't the best dumplings in the world (even if you can get your hands on boiled instead of fried, which is a rarity) Having said that? They have all the essentials, and particularly if you're in a less-than-sober state? You're going to absolutely love them. I'll be honest, I didn't feel amazing afterwords, but I didn't have any regrets. Single Star Granted. Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could? With so many other options? No, but PD is worth a stop if you're in the city. No Star Granted.
This is a really good dumpling house. Small and nondescript but what a menu of items. And so many things to order. And u can even bring home ur own dumplings to make. It's really such a bargain for a more than satisfying meal so no complaints folks.  We got the 5/$1 dumplings and also tried the scallion pancake sandwiches with pork and duck. Not a ton of meat but very flavorful and tasty. And u can't beat the price $1.75. And the pancakes are fresh and flaky.  Very tasty and flavorful. Anyone who does complain better start appreciating the value of the dollar and what it gets u at this great little find. And please folks this is a guy who runs his own business with his fam and works super hard to deliver quality eats at bargain prices.  If u r looking for ambiance, don't come here. But if u r looking for good eats, pipe down and hand over some cash. Warning very small seating so take out is a way better idea.
Delicious, hot dumplings! Don't plan to eat inside as it's really tight. The prices (4 dumplings for $1!!!) and the taste more than make up for the cramped space.
I like dumplings and I like cheap because I'm Chinese. Just kidding, but I really am Chinese.. anyways.. I love dumplings with shrimps, but I don't think they had that. So Pork with chives it is! And it was yummy because chives are yummy. Just don't burp I guess but then again, it's not as bad as stinky tofu.. (for the people who has eaten stinky tofu would know what i'm saying. I hate stinky tofu btw).
cheap, BOMB dumplings! w/ sriracha on the side! 5 fried pork&chive dumplings: $1.00 10 steamed dumplings: $2.00 hot&sour soup: $2.00 sesame pancake: $0.75 and they have frozen dumplings for you to take home! this place is your everyday hole-in-the-wall with frequenting regulars from all around. the stools we're full when we stopped in at ~2:00pm. the fried dumplings seem to be the house favorite, and i agree! hot&sour soup was ok, nothing out-of-this-world. but the dumplings we're delicious! i want some just thinking about them =9
It's definitely a good place for quick and warm homey food! In the dead cold of winter, I stopped by to get the hot and sour soup two days in a row. Boyfriend got a $1 order of fried dumplings. I wouldn't want to get the dumpling noodle soup again though--too much noodles and only 3-4 pieces of dumplings. But for anything else, you'll probably spend about $4 and be very happy!
Tiny hole in the wall place - if you are expecting a nice clean location/ambience, this is not a place for you. If you are looking for quick cheap bite, then come on down you lucky winner! You have won an opportunity for cheap hand made dumpling! First, take a deep breath, take it all in- feel all those greasiness coating your skin; Wait for the bite, crunchy and juicy - now you know your life is complete! Enjoy it all!
Best dumplings I've had in the US by far. Great price, really friendly staff. The pork steamed dumplings were great. Really fresh tasting and cool atmosphere. Very busy but they are very fast with preparing the food. It's a steal. Must go
Ordered 12 pieces of fried pork & chive dumplings ($3) and a large wonton soup ($2.50) to split between the two of us. Both items were average and nothing spectacular flavour wise. Very cheap prices which will definitely fill you up but really nothing special at all. The place did not seem very clean and the guy taking all the orders (who also handled food) had a cold (he kept sniffing his nose and clearing his throat), which made me kind of uneasy.
The dollar dumplings (i like the fried pork and chive) are amazing, but seriously try the beef sandwich on that delicate fried sesame puffy bread. It's dressed with banh mi-like accoutrements. Just add sriracha, which they have out everywhere. The frozen dumplings are a great deal, perfect for low budge parties. Don't be intimidated, here's a time tested method: heat oil in a large frying pan with a top until oil shimmers (not smokes). Place dumplings in pan, flat side down, nestled together in a circle or similar fashion. Cook over medium high until the first dumpling you put down is as brown as can be without burning. Add water to pan so that it comes about 1/2 inch up around the dumplings. Cover and steam until water is gone, about 5 mins. Serve with  a mixture of soy sauce, rice vinegar and ginger. Enjoy!
Get there early, because this is a tiny little joint, and make sure your paying attention when navigating there, it is easy to pass by. Just look for for the Yellow sign above the restaurant and you know you have arrived to dumpling heaven. We had 2 orders of the #7. Vegetable Boiled Dumpling (8 for $2.00) and the #15 Sesame Pancake ($0.75). Wow, I ordered too much food for three people. The dumpling are delicious and very filling. The Sesame pancake looks like a slice of pizza sans the toppings. It pieces of scallions and is really tasty. We finished all but 3 of the dumplings, and I hated to throw the remainder away, but we had much more eating to do in Chinatown. Probably the best deal in NYC.
The storefront is tiny and has a neighborhood feel. The dumplings were fantastic and so cheap! We had the pork fried and vegetable steamed....had to try the sesame pancake as suggested by other reviewers.  It did not disappoint.  It was crazy crowded. We walked to the park snagged a bench and were in dumpling heaven.
Eating good on the cheap in the city? hells yes! This tiny establishment has a nice selection of dumplings to make your heart smile. On the day I visited Prosperity, it was raining outside and very crowded so I wanted something a little more portable to eat. I went with the sesame beef pancake filled with carrots, cilantro and beef. It was a sandwich of tasty ingredients pressed up between 2 pillowy pieces of bread. One bite and I knew I had made the right choice. It was delicious and quite filling for just $1.75. If you have a chance to swing by this place, both your belly and your wallet will be very happy!
Delicious mixture of pork chives and dough.  As an aside, we are now measuring everything in terms of dumplings, i.e my iphone cost 1000 dumplings; gas is over 18 dumplings now.. The only way this place could get any better is if they franchised and took over other tiny spaces throughout the city. Color me a huge fan
No, your eyes are not deceiving you. ONE HUNDRED dumplings for $15. FIFTEEN. ONE FIVE. What the heck... Seriously this place is so cheap I just ordered one of everything and I did not regret it one bit. Tiny little place, but worth the wait I can guarantee it!
While there are so many dumpling places and dumplings are so easy to make at home, it's very hard to rate the "best dumplings". For some people, the best dumplings are made by their grandmothers! However, this tiny dumpling place does have something special to offer. The price is very affordable: 4 huge pork chive potstickers for $1. ($1 pizza sounds less attractive now.) 10 boiled dumplings for $2.5. The filling is a bit small for a huge dumpling like that. The dumpling wrapper is very well made - it's moderate thick, smooth and delightfully chewy. The panfried dumplings are crispy on the outside and juicy inside. I saw them cutting a huge pie into pieces (@$2.5). The sizzling cutting sound tingles my every taste bud. Unfortunately I was always full on dumplings. I don't like the sour & spicy soup. The soup base was weak and the ingredients were not enough, but $1.25 for a small one. I feel thankful that they didn't put the potstickers directly from the pan into the styrofoam boxes. The hot potstickers always burn holes in the styrofoam, another form of food poisoning. Not enough dumplings on site, I carried a bag of 50 pieces of frozen dumplings home tonight.
Dumplings: they're delicious and they're twenty cents apiece.  Get an order or two, and get the sesame pancake with duck.  You will spend less than $5 and you will be full and happy. And for chrissakes, move in close to the counter, would you?  This place is a cubbyhole.
Life is tough.  The economy is taking a hit.  People are losing jobs, but fear not, we have found the REAL recession special. This tiny little dumpling shop brings a smile to my face. 5 dumplings (fried or boiled) for $1.  Can't get any better than that.  A nice thick skin where your meat is well sealed and protected.  They usually have batches of the fried ones ready immediately.  If you order the boiled it will just take a few min. There is barely a place to sit, but I always ate right outside devouring my little delights.  About 10 make a  good snack for me.  I got a bite of their sesame pancake too - wonderful little bit of meat in there and soft crisp pancake - for $2. They got frozen dumplings you can buy and make at home.  If only I could take it on an airplane.  Sure I've had better tasting dumplings in my life, but what a deal! Every dollar menu in the world needs to take a back seat to this place.
The quest for the best dumplings in New York is over! For a mere $2, you are the proud possessor of 8 boiled veggie dumplings, the size of meatballs with the perfect proportion of filling to dough. They are absolutely delicious and you can't beat the price! Don't let the fact that it is truly a hole in the wall joint scare you away. The clueless tourists who stopped in looking for egg rolls seemed disappointed they are nowhere to be found at PD but hopefully they have seen the light. (Looking for egg rolls at a place with "dumpling" in the name? Whoa there.) You might not be able to grab one of the few stools, since it's so tiny this place fills up quick, but take your order and some spicy sriracha sauce to go and it'll be all good.
Dumplings are one fricken dollar. Are you telling me you are not going to go for $1 dumplings? You gotta be crazy. I don't quite like their sandwiches since it's skimpy on the meat and heavy on the grease but if you need your carbohydrates you get that sandwich now cause it's still tasty as hell. I won't be getting their hot and sour soup for a while--- needless to say it didn't agree with my stomach. Still tasted great. Go for the dumplings; like ALL the dumplings. It's also pretty cool they have a website now; but they should fix up the place before they invest in a site. o_o
The panfried pork and chive dumplings (guo tie) are crispy and delicious. The sesame pancakes are also wonderful. Plus, they have an A from the health department! All of this makes me eat my guo tie with a smile.
Not that I'm an expert, but these are the best dumplings I've ever had. Dough is thin and crispy, filling is flavorful. One star off because of there was not much duck filling in the sesame pancake, though I wouldn't raise a stink considering the price. Definitely not a good spot for a sit down meal, but it's good for take out or eating at the counter if you don't mind being jostled.
Legit food and prices are really low. Honestly think they should charge more. Only thing taking from five stars is the rampant styrofoam use. Way too much. But would deff come back neck time in NYC China town.
TINY place.  We were lucky to snag a seat because I was exhausted by the time we reached the place.  We got 10 pork/leek dumplings, 10 pork/cabbage, and a won ton noodle soup for like $9.  Compared to dumplings elsewhere, this is a BARGAIN.  The skins were a nice, thick texture. I wish I had gotten some fried ones, though! The won ton noodle soup was bland, noodles even more bland.  But it generously comes with plenty on won tons and even a fried egg (awkward!).  Most people ordered the $1 for 4 fried dumplings and another $1 for a bottle of water.
This place is the epitome of cheap eats. I was in the area a few weekends ago and I was craving some dumplings. This place popped up on yelp and wow, what a steal. You can get 5 dumplings for $1, sesame sandwich with egg and meat, and soy milk for only a few bucks. Heck, I can easily get full with $5 here. The place is so small, I could barely find it. At first we throught it was closed, but then we saw a hoard of people inside. They have steamed and pan fried dumplings. I love the crust on the pan fried dumplings and how quick the service was. I was in and out in literally 30 seconds! I will definitely be back when I'm in NYC to get my dumpling fix. -- Check out my other reviews at nextstopdc.blogspot.com
Good God, these were good dumplings.  Perfectly fried, crunchy, chewy, greasy, moist little packets of pork.  So freakin' good. Spent $3.  Walked off with 15 dumplings.  Didn't stay because yes, when you walk in you don't really want to touch anything.  Decided to eat on the street so we leaned on the wall half a block away and went to work.  I actually got a little sad after the last bite. Must go back again...
I spent $2.75 on dinner. TWO DOLLARS AND SEVENTY FIVE CENTS. Including a diet coke. Go here. Get dumplings and a sesame pancake. Then go to the park around the corner and enjoy.
I've been here a few times, and I'm definitely going to go back. The dumplings are good... not my favorite, but good.  But the pork buns are incredible!  Among the best I've ever had.  The place is VERY tiny, so plan on getting your food to go (there are actually a couple of seats if you must eat there, but it's cramped).  The portion sizes are huge, and the prices are shockingly low.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying some other things on the menu.
Five dumplings for $1- not much to complain about.  I tried to do a mini taste test in the surrounding blocks between the dumpling places- I lined these ones up next to the ones from fried Dumpling on Allen Street and I have to say I prefer the ones from  Prosperity.  Fresh although a bit oily.  I did get stomach cramps once but maybe that's because I gobbled down 15 in a matter of minutes... I don't think the place looks that clean and it's not very inviting nor convenient.  But if you're on the LES and want a good deal on dumplings I would recommend this spot in a heartbeat.
Cheap and tasty.
My colleagues and i came here yesyerday straight from work. It was our first time to be there, i remembered one of the yelpers mentioned "if u speak english order by number" It was soooooo true lol Anyway the place is very small, only about 6 people i loved the wonton soup and the fried dumplings.the sesame pancake goes well with the soup. For $5 you have 4pc dumplings, soup, and sesame pancake. This place is sooooo cheap that it fills you up big time!!!! The dumplings are big in size and they give u a lot of wonton in your soup. I wish that we have this placr at work because i can raeally save a lot of money. I suggest you take your food home because there is noway u can enjoy it if you eat in. Or bring your food in the park.
Sunday afternoon..The place was hot, sweaty and packed. The service is typical of china...you are just a number. I had veggie dumpling in soup and veggie sesame pancake. The dumpling texture was terrific..but the veggie filling was rather slimy. I would not get the soup again and switch to a more solid filling like chicken. But the sesame pancake is rock star good...never had anything nearly as good tasting. This pancake sandwich for 1-2 dollars makes up for everything. I'll come back for more sesame pancakes..forever..amazing!
Cheap. Quick. Delicious. You can get TONS of food for just a few dollars. Live like a real New Yorker and give this place your business.
This would be a five star review, aka a destination stop, if there weren't so many other places that do five dumplings for a dollar.  Instead it's four. It seems almost pointless doing reviews for places like this that have literally hundreds of people saying the same thing.  But I will add this... Behind me in line today were these two 50-something women, clearly from out of town.  This means that Prosperity is being listed in tourist books.  Get the cheap dumplings while you still can, because once the out of town money rolls in...
*Southern accent for entire review* Now, I ain't no expert on these here Oriental cuisines, but I decided to give this fine establishment a shot. I can eat like a Texan, so it takes quite a bit to fill up the ol' gas tank. I went a little light today and ordered 15 assorted dumplin's, along with a sesame pancake with beef. All of this cost $4.75. The sesame pancake was delicious and crispy (although there warn't much meat), and the dumplings were equally as tasty. The fried'uns were not as greasy as in other places (this is good or bad, depending on yer tastes). The boiled'uns congealed into one uniform mass after waiting 15 minutes before eatin'em, but I suppose that is characteristic of any boiled dumpling. Everythin' was tasty, and pretty damn fillin' for $4.75, though next time I think I'll order 20 or 30 more dumplings.
Super cheap and tasty dumplings. Do not go here if you are picky about atmosphere or ambiance, or expect good customer service because you are 4 dumplings for $1 and at that price you are paying for food and nothing else. For less than $5, you can feed and fill up 2 people which is amazing in the land of expensive Manhattan eateries. The dumplings are fresh because we saw the lady in the back courtyard preparing and individually wrapping each dumpling.
cheap dumplings with very thick skin.  however, these were much more preferable over vanessas, since they actually have fillings that you could taste (or see, for that matter).  and.. you get 5 for a dollar, whereas at vanessas you get four for the same price.  i guess i'm just comparing these two places because they serve pretty much the exact same food and they're down the street from one another.  anyway, for that, i'll give prosperity three stars instead of two. noodles here were alright.  unexpectedly greasy for that particular dish, but hey, we ate all of it.   at least they don't water down their sriracha.
what a little jewel! Read about this place here on yelp and since all the reviews were good I figured Id give it a shot. It doesnt look like much from the outside but it does have a "A" rating and Im one of those people that will only eat where I feel the place is clean. Once you step in you can see right back into the kitchen and you can see why they received an "A" rating the kitchen is spotless. We ordered 10 fried and 10 steamed and one sesame bread. The fried and the bread came first. We were lucky enough to get one of the 3 seats in the house. The sesame bread was so good it reminded me of my moms sponge bread but with scallions and sesames. I broke into the fried dumpling and could see all the juice flowing from the dumpling I knew I was in for a treat. The dumplings were amazing to say the lest. So My partner and I say there's no way the steamed could be as good but they were even better! They were so good we picked up 50 frozen to bring home with us!!! We enjoyed it so much were going back next mon. If your in China twn def give this place a shot!!
Amazing, cheap, delish! Prefer these over Vanessa's. Definitely check this place out! Deal Seeking Diva tip: when dumplings are $1 there is no tip needed.
I don't understand how places like McDonald's or Burger King can survive in New York, or why anyone would want to eat at those places, when there's so much quality goodness at fast food prices! Spent about $5 for pork and chive fried dumplings (five for $1!), a roasted chicken sesame pancake ($2) - which is basically a sandwich - and a can of sprite ($1). Tasty, filling meal for a great price! Seating is elbow to elbow and limited to about 6-8 stools. I ended up taking my food back to my hotel since I was staying nearby.
Came here with a friend for a mid day lunch. Atmosphere: - Hectic and crazy.  Very (extremely) small space that gets cold on a busy cold day - Smoky and greasy and loud...I mean its a dumpling place so no biggie - Authentic made on premises dumpling operation - there are literally old Chinese ladies sitting in the back churning out dumplings at a rapid pace Service: - It is a walk up to the counter sort of thing with standing eating counters on the side - so it was fine for what it was - I kept on ordering out of turn as we were eating off to the side and the dumplings were produced within 10 seconds of me handing over my dollar bill Food: - Pork and chive fried dumplings were great.  Perfectly crispy and delicious (5 for $1USD!) - Steamed pork and cabbage were great as well (10 for $2USD) - Sesame bread - good but beware this is fried ($1USD for one pizza sized piece) We got out of there for $7 including 2 bottles of water.  They also offer frozen dumplings (50) for something like $9 to go.   Best dumplings in NYC? Not sure about that.  I probably won't go out of my way to go down here again.  But best dumplings in NYC for a price to quality ratio - yes.  How can you beat 5 for $1 if they are this good.  No more dumpling truck for me!
Ok, not the best quality, but where are u gonna find freshly made-in-front-of-your-eyes dumplings in the city for this price? A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. But ssshh... keep the secret! :-) Recommended.
Dumplings galore! We get here and it's another hole in the wall (which I love!) there are maybe 4 seats but the rest of the space was used up by people standing in line to order! OMG we got there at a decent time and by the time we got up to the window to order, the line was out the door and people were HOUNDING for the 4 seats! it was WAY too packed so i stood outside and let my cousin do the ordering. we decided to tag off, she and friend #1 eat together first. then me and friend #2 eat last. oh boy, the wait was worth it! (you can use this idea too haha) we tried the pork and chive fried AND boiled dumplings along with the sesame pork pancake. the sauce that accompanied the dumplings was key, i liked the fried one a lot more. the dumplings itself had a lot of flavor mixed into the meat stuffing. it's so hard to pick a favorite dumpling place because this place pwnd it! always expect a wait and crammed eating space! eat on the go i say!! bring cash, too!! remember, this is an asian joint.
I come here every time I'm in Chinatown.  They have some fantastic potstickers for the price!  It used to be 5 for a dollar, but they recently changed it to 4.  That's the only reason I took away one star, every other hole in the wall has the same deal.
I will never understand people who say that food in NYC is so much more expensive- and Prosperity Dumpling is one of those shops that beats that theory to the ground. Great dumplings. Amazing sesame pancakes for $1. $1.00!!!! Add beef and it's .75 cents more! Super fast service, but there are no convenient seating options.
Tiny little hole in the wall.  Food is really yummy - dumplings are big, plump, and tasty.  The sesame bread with duck is delish too but a bit greasy.  For value this place is 5-stars but I'll take 1 away for eh service.
Not only cheap, but the best jiao ze (potstickers) I've had since I lived in China.   Go for it, don't be intimidated if you don't speak Chinese!   Stand in line; do what you have to do to get here and get an order of fried dumplings!   It's old school at its best!!!
Pros: Authentic handmade dumplings, much better than the supermarket ones Super cheap Cons: Crowded at all hours. Cant even move. Hygiene concerns (However, they did get an A with FDA examination) Little space available for dine in Server sometimes get you the wrong thing
I loooove dumplings and when i read about prosperity dumplings in NY I had to give it a try. The good: it's definitely really good value for money...I mean, where do you ever get 5 fried dumplings for only $1???? I tried the fried pork and chive dumplings and also the vegetarian boiled dumplings (I think it was 8 pcs for $2.5). The fried ones were okay, nothing special. But the vegetarian ones were bland and didn't really taste much. The "shop" itself is very small and only consists of kitchen and 5 seats. So it is definitely only a takeaway. It took quite some time to get my simple order done too as a lot of people just came in, pushed other people to the side and ordered. I guess there are definitely better options for dumplings in NY.
10 boiled pork and chives dumplings for $2.  Excellent deal.  It's a hole in the wall so I'm a bit surprised it received an "A" for sanitary inspection lol. The dumplings were heavy on the dough and the filling was a bit too reminiscent of the frozen kind you buy at the store.  Thus, despite the excellent monetary/product ratio, I can only give it 3 stars.
Lets be fair, how can you give anything less for such an affordable experience? For 5 dumplings for $1, they are paying me to eat. Anywho...this is ow I feel about PD: Dumplings: Dough-5 stars, perfectly cooked, folded, textured. Filling-1star. Pork was under cooked, lacked flavor but hey it was cheap, would be unfair to expect more. Tasty dumplings rests on the ingredients. Service: it's a very very mainland Chinese joint, Nuff said Decor: so dirty and sterotypically chinese that it was almost lovable...
GREAT dumplings, and cheap cheap cheap! $3 for 10 fresh steamed pork and chive balls of goodness, made to order, right in front of your face. Home made sriracha, soy sauce, and other vinergary type sauces available. Pick up a whole meal for $5 and eat it in the public park a block away. This is a great summer spot.
For $5 you can get enough soup and dumplings and hot off the grill sesame pancake sandwiches to feed two people.  Healthy?  Surely not.  But freshly made and ridiculously delicious.  The store front is super tiny, but you can squeeze in at a stool or head up Eldridge eating while you walk with grease and a smile on your face.  Nothing I've found in NYC tastes this good for this cheap.
Amazing Value, excellent pork and chive dumplings and duck "pancakes".  About 2.5 seats.
It's cheap, but I've had better dumplings. Doesn't feel that authentic to me, a little  Americanized. There are much better dumpling places in Flushing! I guess you pay for what you get. The meat is a little bit too fatty for me and I think the dough is a little too thick. I like the boiled dumplings better than the fried ones, although the fried ones are more popular I believe. A bit too oily! It's a good fast meal to take on the go. Don't hate it!
Dear Owner, Please come to San Diego and open up a Prosperity Dumpling. i don't have much money to offer you, but I promise to come and purchase food at least five days a week. I am already having withdraws from your insanely good, yet inexpensive pancakes, dumplings, and soup. NY is too far to travel too, and SD is beautiful with lots of potential clients. I ask you to kindly consider opening up another restaurant here. -Obsessed PS: Do you ship your frozen dumplings across the US? 50 for $9 can't be beat.
1300+ Reviews and 4.5 stars? I have to think Yelpies are responding to the incredible value here. Yes, it is cheap. Like ridiculously cheap. 5 dumplings for $2 cheap. Great. But who cares if something is cheap if it's not a fun experience or really delicious? We went for a 1pm snack on Sunday, and were jammed inside like sardines. This created a similar experience to renewing your license at the DMV, the Village Halloween Parade, or standing room only Williamsburg concerts. We stalked out a few seats, and the door opening kept hitting me in the back. It was about 20 degrees outside, and 40 degrees inside due to the draft. The dumplings took about 15 minutes to come out, so not only are you waiting uncomfortably, being pushed around, and freezing, but you're dealing with it for an extended period of time. The dumplings themselves? Ok, pretty good. Not the best I've ever had, but formidable. I think I should go back in the summer and eat them on the street. I would probably have a better experience.
I realized I've written a lot of reviews for Chinatown dumpling places and I've always compared them to Prosperity, yet, I have not reviewed Prosperity! Best dumplings in Chinatown. And I've tried many other places. Here, the dumplings are 5 for $1 and so delicious. They are fried, but not super greasy. Just the right amount of crispy skin, juiciness (when you bite into it, it leaks everywhere which makes it so awesome) and not too much chives. Perfect in every way. I cannot stress enough how awesome they are. On numerous occasions I have come here to buy the frozen dumplings as well. I can't recreate the experience at home, but the frozen ones are also great. Try the sesame pancake too. It's soft, yet crispy, with not too many chives, and a large size. All for $1. Heaven. My standard order here is 5 dumplings and a sesame pancake: $2. Amazing. The place itself is small with not much seating inside. But there's a little park area down the street where you can sit and enjoy your meal. HEAVEN.
Warnings - 1. Be prepared to get close to people. Some that are hot, some that don't smell very nice. Place is tight. In the space way. But it's also tight in the other way, too. 2. Knowing some Mandarin is helpful. I'm sure the guy behind the counter hasn't seen too many Indian-American people talk Mandarin (and actually get the tones right). And if you do and aren't Chinese, be prepared to get looks from hot chicks. Took him a second to actually look up and see me before he took my order. Mando helps to get your order right. If you heed the aforementioned, you'll like this place. Everyone has already said it, but cheap dumplings. I must say that they are okay. Not amazing. Although they may seem more so when its freezing outside and the dumplings are piping hot off the pan. I liked the sesame pancake. Fresh made, perfect texture and consistency, only 75c (was 50). A nice treat when walking back to Grand St. or walking/biking the bridge. My order did take a bit longer than usual, and they forgot my pancake at first. Granted, they had a lot of orders, but they should get it right by now. A quick, inexpensive, rather tasty joint if you're in the mood or in the area.
It's a little out of the way but well worth a visit especially on a cold, rainy day! The chives and pork dumplings are superb. Simply the best I've had.
Hell to the yes. Awesome ratio of price to deliciousness. 10 steaming hot dumplings for $2 with all the soy sauce and Sriracha your little heart could desire. The best part, however, is the beef sesame pancake sandwich thingy. I think it costs $1.50 or something similarly jaw-droppingly cheap and was absolutely scrumptious. Next time I'm skipping the dumplings and getting two sandwiches instead. Pick up a dragonfruit at a nearby fruit stall and your meal will be complete! As far as seating goes, there are some benches next to the basketball courts across the street.
Recently trekked over for a quick lunch.  We had the fabulous/affordable veggie dumplings, chicken soup, and a sesame pancake.  Best lunch for 2 under $10.
It's so refreshing to find cheap, authentic food, which is exactly what Prosperity Dumpling offers. For $1, you can get 4 plump, juicy pan-fried dumplings, but I opted for 8 pork and chive dumplings boiled in a simple but flavorful broth for $3.25. The dumplings are excellent! When you bite into one, the chewy skin gives way to a super flavorful, meaty filling. It's so juicy that you'll need to take care not to make a mess! I also highly recommend the sesame pancake with duck - had a few bites of my friend's order and it was so good, and cheap at $2.75. My friend ordered the pan friend dumplings, and really liked those as well. Note - there is very minimal seating (like 5 stools squished together along the counters), so don't expect to have a sit-down meal. Also - cash only!
The boyfriend and I made our way over to prosperity dumpling a few weekends ago while we were adventuring around the city. He deserves the credit for this amazing find, and the stellar yelp reviews did not misguide us. This is a tiny little place which might be missed if it were not for the long line in front! Despite the crowd of people, they prepare orders pretty quickly! I imagine they have hundreds of dumplings going at once. :P We had our fill of pork and chive dumplings, pork buns, duck sesame pancake.. Plus a bottle of water.. All to a grand total of $6. Strolled over to a nearby park to eat (there's maybe five barstools in the place and when there are people ordering and waiting for food, it's impossible to stay to eat!) Anyways, we were stuffed after we finished our meal! Everything was delicious, and we could not get over the price. Definitely recommend a visit! Let's just say I'm glad I don't live too close to prosperity dumpling, or I might start to look like one! :P
Dumplings you must have! It's inexpensive and delicious!! Looking at the menu on Yelp, i thought it was a mistake that everything was less than 10 dollars... But it's true! 5 fried chives & pork dumpling for $1.00! Can't get any better than that! I got 2 orders of the fried chives & pork dumpling, 1 order of the boiled chives & pork dumpling, 1 small hot & sour soup, & 1 plain sesame pancake. The hot and sour soup was very bland. It wasn't spicy or sour at all. My first time trying sesame pancake and it was really bland too.. Wouldn't really recommend either of it. But they are called Prosperity Dumpling for a reason.. Their dumplings are amazing!The dumplings are made from scratch.. and I mean from scratch as in putting the meat in the wrap, folding process & boiling, and then frying as orders come! So it's steaming hot! At first I thought this was a dine in restaurant. When I got there, I was totally wrong! This is more of a take out place than to really sit & eat, but they do have seating.. about 8 stools. Store front was so small that every time someone came in or left, the cold breeze would sweep through the entire store! Definitely recommend if you're looking for cheap & delicious food.
OH wow, why can't Texas have a Prosperity Dumplings? This place is not at all what  I was expecting when I first yelped it. Although the service was not very 'nice' but I think it's just a Chinese thing to do. But where should i start? The hot and sour soup? amazing. The fried dumpling? juicy. The buns? perfect. I ordered about 4 or 5 things and it came out to be only $6????? Who said new york was expensive? I can never get such deal in Texas! Dumpling is my favorite food in the world. And I grew up in a household that makes our own dumplings. I eat all these fancy-shmancy dumpling house places when I go back to China to visit, so I really do know a thing or two when it comes to good dumplings. And Prosperity Dumpling is for sure wayy up there! So please Prosperity Dumpling, if you are listening, PLEASE move to Texas and I will forever be your most loyal costumer.
Cons: they dont' speak english all that well here. it's a little dirty Pros: everything else Just go. Dont' read any more reviews. You don't need to. See the 4.5 star rating? That's all you should need to see. Get out there and eat some dumplings.
It doesn't get any better than $1 for 5 tasty pan-fried pork and chive dumplings! Also, I would advise you to "splurge" on a sesame pancake stuffed with duck and veggies for less than $3. Delicious! This place is definitely a hole in the wall, so it is a good idea to get your cheap goodies to go. The food is a tad on the oily side, but I can't complain too much when the prices are this amazing.
holy crap. best dumplings in new york other than at my mom's house. hand-made in house. if you don't like them, you're probably white. cash only. restaurant the size of an office cubicle. only 2 stuffings: pork with chive and pork with napa cabbage. boiled or fried. simplicity is beauty.
5 of the best fried chive and pork dumplings I've ever had for $1....You cannot complain at all. Quick and efficient service....Though I wasn't too thrilled with the boiled dumplings....I tried the boiled shrimp which had no flavor and not good at all. Then again, shrimp dumplings are rarely bursting with flavor. I should've gotten 3 more orders of the pork and chive :)
Great quick cheap bite - just walk right in and get fried dumplings in a sec
For the price, it can't be beat. Delicious dumplings, great pancakes, yummy sesame bun. The best dumplings? No. The best, cheapest dumplings? Yup. It's a hole in the wall, take-out only, pay cash. You can see everything prepared fresh right behind the counter (in a somewhat scary fashion, since there's no room, so they're close to holding trays on their head, just to make room). The guy who manages the register is also interesting to watch as he keeps track of 8 open orders at once (you don't pay until you get your food, as opposed to when you order).
Pop Quiz. Q: What is the #1 cheapest, most satisfying thing to be enjoyed in NYC? A: Your girlfriend.* Q: What is #2? A: Prosperity Dumplings. $1 = 5 dumplings. God I love dumplings. God I love NYC. _________ *Oh, relax, I was just kidding. She's definitely not better than the dumplings.
5 fried dumplings for $1? What's there to not like? The pork and chive dumplings are always a winner. The boiled dumplings are also good but I prefer the fried ones. They're always nice and warm AND the skin's always crunchy. The sesame pancake are solid, not great, but filling because it's mainly carbs. (I prefer Vanessa's sesame pancake.) This is a true hole-in-the-wall, family establishment on a fairly quiet street of Chinatown. There's always a line and somehow the asian guy with the dirty apron can memorize 6 orders at a time.
$1 for 5 dumplings.  My advice is to go for the pan-fried over the boiled - they held up much better if you want to take them back to your office or apartment.  Definitely dump some of that spicy sauce on it too although if you dump too much, you may want to make sure you have some water on hand with you. These were absolutely delicious, and since they were so cheap, of course my eyes became bigger than my stomach and I got 15 dumps for $3.  And now I'm sitting at my desk with my pants unbuttoned.
Just a few months ago this place used to be 5 dumplings for $1 but it seems recent posts are saying it's 4 dumplings for $1, haven't been there since but I'll take their word for it.  The dumplings taste good, have good quantity for the price, are fast, and cheap.  But you can also tell the filling they use isn't really great, but then again when is prime meat ever used as dumpling filling, the dish literally started off as just putting left overs in dough.  I would come here to get cheap, easy, and oily food with the same mentality of getting any fast food Chinese joint.  I would not go out of my way to indulge myself in the food this establishment offers.
Picked my friend off the cheapass Fung Wah Bus and came to this cheapass place. Incredibly fast service and the most delicious fried dumplings ever--closest copy I think I've found to my moms almost-perfect recipe. Better skin (thinner) and better tasting meat than Vanessa's. Cheapers a plus too.
I would say this is my other go to spot when walking on this side of the town. Great dumplings and good pork sesame sandwich!
Unbelievable hype this place has and all true to its last review. I have been here n number of times. They kill it fellas. You will always have to wait and it is worth it. Pork and chive boiled dumpling, chive and egg plancake will never fail to please the palate. Don't miss the sesame pancake. It is extremely cheap, yet great quality dumplings... M sure it is bringing them tons of prosperity. I can never be bored of this place. A must visit for everyone in NYC, living or visiting.
I think this place is good, but not all that sure I get the hype surrounding it.  I fee like it really is a 3.5, but based on it being a fan favorite I rounded up. I had the vegetable dumplings and sesame pancakes and thought they were okay. Was really not impressed with anything more than the value that you get for what you are paying, but the same is true if you wanna order off the value menu at a fast food spot.  I mean it seemed like the dumplings were ordinary and it is overcrowded with no where to sit.  Yet, this place is packed and people rave about how amazing it is.  Maybe I need to revisit the next time I am in town...
OH . . . . . . . . . . . . . EM . . . . . . . . . . . . . EFF . . . . . . . . . . . . . GEE . . . . . . . . . . . . . have you ever been so broke until payday that all you had was $3 in your pocket for dinner? well, sh*t happens, son. i don't even care if i have $3 or $30,000 in the bank: i will hit this spot up regardless. i was bummed out about Fried Dumpling on Allen St. closing. i looked up some dumpling places and i walked by Prosperity Dumpling on my way home one afternoon. the menu is to-the-point. you order, you receive. no scary staff like the one i've encountered at Fried Dumpling, but they need to work on their speech at an ESL class or something. i don't mean to hate, since most of their customers are the generally Chinese. however, there have been times where i didn't know what the hell they were saying to me. $1 buys you 5 delicious dumplings. (steamed or fried) $1 buys you a deliriously amazing Scallion Pancake. now, this kind of Scallion Pancake should not be mistaken as the Korean creation. this particular pancake is more bread-like. it is filling and satisfying. be sure to mix up the vinegar/soy sauce and hot sauce together and dip the pancake in there! yummy! did i just get full and pleasantly happy from only spending $2 muthaf*ckin' dollars for lunch?!?! my panties just got moist.
My review will be lost out of the many reviews but I don't care! This place deserves every single review. 25 dumplings 2 small hot and sour soup 1 large wonton noodle soup 1 roasted duck sandwich 2 large FRESH soy milk TOTAL - $14.75!! It is great food for cheap. Highly recommend everyone trying it at least once.
Probably one of the few remaining best deals in Chinatown. Five dumplings for $1!  The food isn't bad either. They make the dumplings fresh for you. It's juicy and very meaty. Their pancakes are fresh too! Only problem is that this place is a hole in the wall. Pros: Cheap, Delicious, Fresh and tasty Cons: Greasy, hole in the wall, They don't speak English
Boiled vegetable dumplings: yum Sesame pancake w/vegetables: yum Beef noodle soup: yum Fresh soy milk: yum Fried pork and chive dumplings: yum Everything: YUM and cheap. I go here almost every Sunday.
After a disappointment at pho pasteur, we decided to take our next food tour to Prosperity Dumpling because of all of the review they have and how cheap and affordable it was. The place was tiny and it barely can fit anyone but the place was efficient and fast. We just want up to the widow and order what we wanted. I think our totally bill was $5.50 for 3 people. We got the pork and chives, vegetable dumplings and the scallon and beef pancake. They cook them super fast but really tasty. It was like $1 for 4 piece of fried dumplings so how can u beat that price. We meet a few yelper's inside and we were talking about how many review's this place have and how cheap this place was. Anyway the food was decent and I really like this place but I don't think I should give this place a 4 or a 5 because it was affordable. Just finishing eat the left over and the dumpling here are decent but I want to talk about their beef pancake. It is a copy cat of a Vietnamese sandwich banh mi and I am extremely disappointed and I will never order a pancake from here again too. I am boycotting the pancake from both here and Vanessa's!!!! If I want a banh mi then I would go to a Viet place and get it not from a CHINESE PLACE!!!!!
The guy that works here everyday is like a dumpling messiah. He is always there, taking the orders, making the dumplings, cleaning the giant pots, preparing the pancakes, all at the same time. He never misses a beat. He is switching from Chinese to English to Spanish like some sort of multi-lingual dumpling wizard. You want super fancy, aesthetically pleasing Chinese cuisine? Then why are you looking at a dollar dumpling place? For my money, which usually is only a few bucks, this is the only place to go cheap, good eats if you are even remotely near Prosperity Dumpling. The dumplings are meaty, and greasy, and hot, and just good. The sesame pancake will change your meaning of perfection. You will see God, and he will be a Chinese man yelling at the next person in line to make their order. One day, you will try the pork buns. And you will never forget that day. (Sometimes, they don't have the pork buns if it is later at night. You will feel sad for a moment, but get over it with an order of dumplings and a sesame pancake) This place is SMALL. Will you have to maybe wait outside in line? Yeah. Is it worth it? I'm not even going to entertain that question. Why are you still reading this?! Why aren't you eating dumplings and pancakes and pork buns? I wish I were eating dumplings right now.
I mean, I don't think the fried dumplings are AMAZING but where else are you going to get 4 for a $1? They're also really oily, so I wouldn't order more than 8. I'm super in love with their sesame pancakes though ($1 for a slice). It's not as good as my mom's, but they're on par with the street food I've had in China. The duck pancake isn't worth the $2.50, it really only had fat and skin. I love how they add carrots and basil leaves though, it makes me feel better to eat veggies. If you're not comfortable speaking in Chinese, just say the order #s and they'll know what you're talking about. (PS There's a park nearby if you want somewhere to sit and eat!)
This place is incredible. Cheap good dumplings! A must! I can't wait to go back!
Prosperity Dumpling sell cheap and yummy eats that are as delicious on a hot June day as they were on a frigid January one. This time I got the pork and chive fried dumplings ($1 for 5) and the scallion pancake with pork ($1.25). The fried dumplings are definitely better than the steamed ones I had on a previous visit. I mean, if you're going to clog your arteries with fatty food anyway, at least do it in the most flavorful possible way, right? Your belly will thank you. The dumplings are pretty large in size, with a skin of the right thickness and consistency: it won't break too easily while you handle the dumplings with chopsticks, and it's not chewy. The filling is generous and pretty flavorful, although I would still suggest to add soy sauce and sriracha. The pancake was great: the pancake itself is thick, but soft and fluffy. And not too greasy, actually. The filling was the real surprise here: although the slices of pork were a bit dry and not too flavorful, the pancake was stuffed with a very generous serving of fresh and crunchy carrots and daikon, and lots and lots of very flavorful cilantro. It would be nice to see a vegetarian version of this pancake, i.e. same ingredients, but sans pork. The only downside of this place is that their food is best eaten fresh, but the place is tiny. Also, if dirty stools, sticky surfaces, and trash on the floor are off-putting for you, you may want to go somewhere else.
Nothing outstanding about these average pan fried dumplings. I like dumplings with thinner and crispier skin, and these were not it. Also tried the sesame pancake. It wasn't thin and flakey like a scallion pancake. Instead, it was thick and more bread-y. It was good and mostly got its flavor from the oil it was drenched in when frying. This place is TINY and also gets packed. Not really somewhere you want to dine in, but the park isn't too far away to grab yourself a seat on a bench.
MOTHERFUCKING DUMPLINGS! This is my spot. Quick and cheap and delicious. I come here all the time for my dumpling fix. Finish em off with a mix of soy and siracha. Dumpling heaven. I prefer this place over Vanessas. I need to try fried dumplings, maybe next time.
You would think cheap, good food is easy to find in NYC Chinatown, but this place is TOO cheap and TOO good to pass up.  You're getting 5 dumplings for $1 (though recently I think they raised the price to $1.25 *gasp*), and it's quality food.  There are plenty of times where dumplings have questionable-tasting fillings, but you can tell this place makes everything fresh and good. My only complaint is there is NO ROOM to eat there when it gets crowded with people ordering (and it's crowded most of the time), so if you're looking for somewhere just as cheap where you can also sit with some friends, I'd suggest Tasty Dumpling--which is also in NYC Chinatown and a short walk from the train station.  =D
Nothing beats 5 dumplings for $1!! I love cheap dumplings and this is a good place to get it. You won't be able to really sit down and eat but you can easily get it to go. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat for a very cheap price - stop by and give it a try!
I tried both prosperity and Vanessa's pork fried dumpling on the same day to see which one i prefer. I put the same hot sauce and soy sauce on both and then gave both a try and my opinion is that prosperity has a tastier dumpling...are they the best dumpling house in the city not quite sure but their affordable, tasty and better than Vanessa's who is slightly more expensive.
This place is okay. Not sure what the hype is all about. My friend and I each got 8 pork and chive fried dumplings... ate it for breakfast... at noon =) 8 dumplings is plenty to get one person full. I would have been sated with 6. I do like the crisp on the bottom of the fried dumpling but it's super greasy which I didn't like. Best place to eat these is at the park/playground on the NE corner of Hester and Eldridge.
The food is spectacular but the wait and fight to get into the tiny hole in the wall to order is ridiculous! And then be prepared to wait for your order in the tiny place that also offers seating for the brave few who don't mind being in a claustrophobic place. Four giant dumplings for a dollar and then wash it down with a 2.50 wonton soup which is the best I had for that price. I can't believe how cheap and good the food is here. Soybean milk is not sweetened but not bad. If you want to take it home just ask them for the fresh dumplings or wontons that are uncooked and they sell those too!
There should be no world hunger with 5 dumplings for a dollar at Prosperity. Whether you're feeling down and out about the number in your bank account or simply need some grease to ease a hangover...roll into this tiny closet in Chinatown and pig out. Seriously, after a few round of pork dumplings you'll be oinking with pleasure. Douse those hot steaming suckers in the house soy sauce, steal some chopsticks from behind the counter and have at it. There's limited seating so on a nice day be sure to grab it to go and sit across the street watching the kids plays basketball.
delicious dumplings. outstanding price! i believe its like 4 dumplings for $1.00 the place is small so i would advise to take to go or if the weather's nice to eat it outside. the dumplings are filled with meat and they are pretty good sized dumplings. would definitely recommend trying this place if you haven't done so!
"You can't get anything for a buck" Anything is a stretch, but that phrase rings truer everyday. That is, unless you are on the lower east side.   Then a greenback can secure you a quick 5 dumpligs, something that at a regular chinese restauarant would set you back $4-$6.   Prosperity dumplings may not be the absolute best, but they are definitely the best value.  This is my value equation:                           (Flavor + Enjoyment) Value (x)  =     ------------------------------                          (Ca$h Money + Effort) Thus,                                                     ((Savory + Fresh) + (Big Smile + Happy Tummy)) Value (PD)  =  --------------------------------------------------­----------------                           ($2 (for 10 dumplings) + Easy Bikeride from US) Value (PD) = Smiling TumTum on the cheap n' easy Speaking of cheap and easy, you can also pick up a sac of 50 frozen ones for only $9 and have them at home to steam/boil/fry.  Yaaaaay :)
Prosperity Dumpling really IS the perfect Chinatown dumpling experience. They're unbelievably cheap (1$ for 5 pork and chive dumplings) and tasty. Sure, they're a little on the greasy side and the place is a little dirty, but it's really worth it. The filling is great and the dumpling skin is thin and delicious. Their bottoms are crispy. I didn't get a chance to try anything else on the menu, but I'll be sure to next time I'm there. You literally cannot go wrong. And the frozen dumplings! Jeez, I never need to go grocery shopping again. Also, the place next door makes really good bubble tea/smoothies.
Where can you get an amazing dinner for $2? Prosperity Dumpling. The dumplings are done to perfection and provide unexpected complex flavors. Add a variety of sauces to the mix and you have an explosion of flavor and mouth watering goodness. I suggest going for 2 servings of the $1 for 5 dumplings menu item. 1 serving won't be enough - not because it isn't enough food but because you'll crave more after finishing the first round.
Very good quick eat spot! the chicken pancakes really hit the spot with the hot & sour soup...and the very cheap pricing is a rare site in NYC which makes this place a gem.Beware of the grumpy old man @ the counter though..he can get rude
Haha, it seems that my review is goona be the No. 2000. I like this place very very much. The dumplings are delish, tasty and healthy, price was extremely low and with large selection. Every time I go to Chinatown at downtown Manhattan, I always grab some frozen dumplings to home. Chinese people are so diligent that they always provide good food and service but lower price. It was a steal. That is our prosperity! So proud to be a Chinese. It is the hardworking that lead us to have 5000 years of history.   Also, I love the name of shop "prosperity". Gung hay fat choy !
Great bargain. I can't believe how much food five dollars bought. We tried the soupy dumplings and some fried dumplings. The highlight was the sesame pancake which tasted very good with the soup broth. It's a very small and unassuming place but a very authentic Chinatown experience.
I do declare, there are few cultures that can touch the Chinese when it comes to meat stuffed in a little bit of dough.  Mandoo, ravioli, pierogi's, and pelmini got nothing on the porky chive-y goodness that can be found at Properity Dumpling. And to have this sort of opulence and depth of flavor for a mere George Washington is a thing of wonder.  A laudable portion of dumplings, crispy and flavorful, though on my last visit, not particularly fresh, can be had for a mere dollar. Cooked fresh, i'm sure the dumplings here are irresistible, but unfortunately we were served an older and colder batch that fell short of excellence.   However, what we tasted was good, and definitely worth a dollar. Leaving here, I reflected on all of the meals i've had in the past, and wondered how many dumplings I could have purchased instead... Co. Margherita Pizza ($12) - 60 dumplings Any Restaurant Week Dinner ($35) - 175 dumplings Momofuku Ko ($100) - 500 dumplings Le Bernardin + wine pairing ($325) - 1,625 dumplings My monthly rent - 8,000+ dumplings! I think i'm going to live in a refrigerator box on Eldridge and Hester and eat dumplings all day...
Definitely tasty dumplings. Not the best I've ever had (best was in Beijing), but some of the better ones i've had anywhere in NY. Both fried and boiled pork and chive are tasty. The sesame pancake (its more like a fried sandwich piece of goodness) is really friggin good. Had it with beef, which was blah, but the sesame pancake itself was chewy and really tasty. It's fried btw. It's like a better tasting pizza hut breadstick with better texture. They do have cilantro in it, so if you're not a fan, you better learn how to say "hold the cilantro" in chinese. Best sesame pancake i've had. Place is tiny and only a few seats along the wall. Oh yeah, just like everyone says, the prices cant be beat at $1 for 5 dumplings and $1.75 for a filled sesame pancake/sandwich ($1 if you just want the pancake itslef).
I am Chinese. I like dumplings. I like Prosperity dumplings.
Hello heaven in my mouth! I spent 5 bucks total. 2 bucks for 10 pork and chive dumplings and tipped 3 (they were working hard back there) The dumplings are hand made and they have a team in the back churning them out.  This place had a line flowing out the door and yes it is a small dive but go in grab 10 ($1/for 5) or a million dumplings and chow down.  I wish there was a place like this in Atlanta.   Addicting, delicious and cheap!! Perfect.
boston to new york china town bus is right here. there is no reason you should not grab 10 dumplings for 2$ before you head to boston. there is honestly no excuse not to. i got 20 of the dumplings for $4 when my girlfriend and i were heading back to boston and im not sure they even lasted long enough for us to get outside of the city. i havent had dumpling at a huge array of places but these are by far the best ive had, boston or new york. places like this make me wish i lived in new york.
Good but not great. They use too much dough in their dumplings. Supertaste down the street is where it's at!
Go with a group of friends to try a little bit of everything. I used to get my lunch here very often. Be prepared to take the food to go, or eat it on the curb. It's basically a kitchen and you grab your food to go. Food is cheap and service is fast. Tip the guy! Please!
Easily the best meal I ate in New York this week, and I ate it standing up. The pork and chive dumplings alone would have made my night, but the sesame duck pancake? Hands down the ,oat delicious thing I've eaten this year. And it was a dollar. I wish I could get these guys to cater my wedding.
I went near to closing time. Damn me for doing that. They were all out of pork buns. You don't even want to know about my love and affection for pork buns and the complete lack of them in Jersey City and Hoboken. Damn myself. My man and I went with steamed dumplings and a pork sesame pancake. The dumplings were amazing. Yes 5 for $2. Damn. I definitely preferred the pork and chive over the pork and cabbage. The sesame pancakes were some of the best. Definitely greasy and could have used a bit more meat but again somewhere along the lines of $3. They were large and almost sandwich like with shredded carrots, pulled meat between two fried sesame bread slices. This place is a whole but, had the A on the window which is nice and reassuring. A few things minus the pork bun fiasco (and in my mind it was a fiasco), they charged us more than the stated price - about $2. Is that the white girl charge? I didn't say anything. I just took it. And second, we wanted to bring some home and they were all out of the frozen dumplings as well. WTF. I love dumplings. So I'll be back like anytime I'm in a 5 mile radius and in NYC. But, may venture out and try some other joints to compare.
Last night a Dumpling saved my life. 10 Steamed pork and chive dumplings 2$. 5 Fried dumplings of the same variety 1$. Sesame Beef "Pancake" 1.50 an unassuming hole in the wall Prosperity Dumpling is life affirming.
The Chive and pork dumplings are really good especially since they are only $1 for 4!!!! This is my new go to spot in New York. It's really small and no bigger than a dorm room with three seats on each side of the wall. But I'm glad I found this place!
I'm crazy about dumpling and we loved it here! Ate here two days in a row. Weren't excited about the vegetable one ...Pork & chives one is much better! We also liked the noodle soup. Can't wait to go back on my next trip to NY :)
The pancakes are top notch, the dumplings are nothing to sneeze at, and the prices are the lowest around.  What's not to like?  Sure, the place is a hole in the wall with no room to sit and eat, but you don't really need to sit to eat this stuff.  It's absolutely perfect for a snack or quick lunch if you're in the area.
Sooooo cheap!! It isn't the best dumplings I've ever had, but for the price it is the best I've ever had! Their beef seaseme pancakes however was just delicious yumminess!!! Mmmmmmmmm I am drooling right now, crispy on the outside perfectly chewy on the inside great flavourful beef slices filling :)
When you see 9 Asian ladies working shoulder to shoulder in a kitchen the size of a cardboard box, you know there is something wonderful going on. I decided to stop by for breakfast. They serve dumplings, potstickers, noodle soups for cheap. We had some wonton noodle soup, 8 potstickers and extra wontons. Total cost for one of the best meals I had in NYC, $9 for 2 people. This place is an incredible value. There are a few small plastic chairs lined up against the wall to use if you decide to have your meal there. However, if I were to do it again, I would probably opt for takeout to eat in a more civil environment.
It's a really fast hole in the wall Chinese restaurant which is SOOO cheap and SOOOO fast! We only tried the dumplings and the won ton soup, but we got a lot of dumplings and soup for $5. Wish we had of tried the sesame pancake that a local recommended.  Wish they had a sweeter sauce for the dumplings though.
Jury Duty Lunch Tales: Day 2 I decided my rare proximity to Chinatown could not be wasted on another bad middle eastern food experience, so I decided to brave my way into the dumpling craze. Between New York Magazine and dumpling-obsessed yelpers, this place has gotten a lot of buzz and it was at the forefront of my mind as I wandered through Chinatown toward Eldridge Street, aka, Dumpling Row.  The place is TINY, no frills white linoleum, about 6 stools and benches - it's definitely not a dining destination (not sure what i was expecting, really...) I ordered a beef noodle soup and 5 dumplings.  The grand total: $4.75 - and this was a mega tub of soup too.  Genius.  I'm not a dumpling connoisseur, but these were way up there in terms of flavor (more chives yay!) and consistency (that perfect balance of chewy and crispy). The soup was good - a little salty for my tastes, but filling and delicious.  And for under $5?  Done and done.
Super cheap dumplings in a hole-in-the-wall kitchen that feels like you're on a side street in Asia - love it. They're fast, tasty and cheap, plus bonus points for always having Sriracha on hand when you need it. Mark of a quality Asian eatery, no? Seating is pretty limited though, so if you're a large group you'll have to takeaway those babies.
CHEAP eats...CHECK! Great value...CHECK! Tasty food...CHECK! Service and quality...CHECK! Enough said kiddies. This place rocks. You can stuff your face on an assortment of dumplings for very cheap and you can wonder around China-Town while you're at it. I tried the veggie dumping and the pork one, and both were very good. I had an order of duck and white rice from another spot, took it to the park and munched away. All I needed was a fine Asian beauty next to me or an appointment to one of those massage 'parlors.'
Being in the area, I HAD to try this place. My whole lunch cost less than the PATH ride into the city. The sesame pancake was delicious, and the dumplings were really good too. I'm planning on bringing all my friends here... but probably not all at once.
My husband and I went here last night for a cheap, quick dinner after work.  The fried pork and scallion dumplings were by far the best item we ordered.  The sesame beef pancake was very good, too.  The beef noodle soup was so-so (broth was weak).  The steamed pork and veggie dumplings were fairly blah.  For the price, I'd give this place four stars, but then I took away one star for the ambiance...  Look, I love dives, but this place is a wee bit dirty even by my dive standards (full disclosure: we chose to eat in, squeezed into a little counter area on a couple of stools thisclose to the trash can on a hot and humid summer night).
Tiny, quicky, delicious. I had 5 fried dumplings and a won ton soup for $2. They also have other soups and noodles, and sell frozen dumplings.
Ok so I consider myself a dumpling master because I grew up eating them and I now make them myself.. . This place is like McD in China, so worshipped so falsely. The pork inside of the dumplings are way way too oily, Chinese people usually would not use such a high ratio of fat/ Lean mince pork. I guess that explained how cheap they are selling these for, way too cheap even for such a fatty pork content. Anyways, it was worth trying it out, I got both the boiled and the fried version, definitely recommend the boiled ones, the fried dumplings are boiled then fried, I think you really don't need that extra grease on the outside. Super busy on weekends, super uncomfortable small  shop, the girls don't take names, so I was surprised that she remembered who ordered what, 20people at a time.
Tasty dumplings but the dough is not enough thin for me. Nevertheless great place for really cheap dumplings: boiled one cost 2/3$ for 8 pieces and fried one 1$ for 4 pieces.
A RATING,  NOT!!!!!  Do not eat at this establishment!!!!!!!! A HUGE        WATERBUG         WAS BREWING  IN THE SOUP EEEKKKK!!!
My first impression was dim:  Despite the "Grade A" sign proudly displayed for their sanitation practices, the muck and grime of Chinatown still pervades throughout this tiny hole-in-the-wall.  The perpetual line folds in on itself as queuers awkwardly brush against each other in attempts to place orders and grab plastic utensils from the corner.  The exposed kitchen is bustling with sweaty dumpling makers and a cashier playing double duty as head chef.  TIP:  Be sure to order LOUDLY and CLEARLY, as we temporarily lost a chunk of our order to the slender language barrier.  For a mere $7, SEVEN DOLLARS?!?!, we purchased a Hot & Sour Soup along with the following feast... Chives & Pork Fried Dumplings:  Delicious!  The pork was fatty and flavorful, the dough was tender with an excellently crunchy exterior. Pork Fried Buns:  Tasted almost identical to the above except they had a much larger dough to meat ratio.  I thought the dumplings had a better balance of texture. Vegetable Boiled Dumplings:  Incredible vegetable filling...I could taste everything in the bite --  the mushrooms, the cabbage, the ginger.  They all contributed to a refreshing and flavorful experience.  However, I would NOT recommend getting these boiled...the resulting dough was limp and bland. Sesame Pancake w/ Vegetables:  WOW, WOW, WOW...it was like a savory, flat, asian-inspired funnel cake jam packed with fresh and flavorful carrots and cilantro.  Not greasy nor dense, it was an absolute treat.  The hands-down winner of our expedition to Prosperity. Prosperity is a bit too heavy to be a regular stand-by, but I will surely be bringing my dumpling aficionado friends here in the future.
These dumplings are outrageous! These dumplings are contagious! These dumplings are a dream come true. I have to give this 5 stars from my tastebuds and my wallet. This truly is an all you can eat dumpling spot, I'd say I've had close to a hundred of these little handmade meat bombs and I've only just begun. I would advise only to have the dumplings though, because the lo mein is just heavily buttered fettuccine noodles (in a bad way), the hot and sour soup is somewhat bland, and so is the dumpling soup. Nevertheless, this hole in the wall is the best hole in the wall I have encountered (to date). I'd call it a glory hole, but that name's been taken.
These dumplings are tasty, but what makes them special is their price. Super cheap, as all the reviews point out. It was below 30 degrees when we went there on a Sunday afternoon, and the place was still packed. There are six places to sit along the wall - that's it. We ate in, but take out is probably best. All in all, you can't beat their prices. 50 dumplings for 10.00.
ugh. waited outside in the freezing cold FOREVER. okay. maybe 30 minutes, but the line was out the door and down aways...... so.... tiny dump in the middle of the block. looks like crap and gross. but i think i'm in love. everything you've heard is true. GO AND TRY IT! and get them fried. don't bother with the boiled veggie dumplings. they were gross and tasted like stuffed them with grass cause they ran out of sprouts. just don't expect a nice place to sit down and enjoy your meal. half the time waiting on line i was staring down some pale foreign douchebag with dandruff who thought he was buddy buddy with the chef and could sit there for 30 minutes and drink soy milk in one of the only 4 seats. (yes, don't get in my way when i'm hungry.) i sat down in a playground down the street and realized after i finished eating i was in a project building playground. and THAT is how good the dumplings were.... you'll end up in the projects before you know it
Greasy but good. and super affordable. 5 for 1 dollar? Who can beat that?
Number 17 yum super cheap dumplings only for one buck ready to go no wait.
Pleasa yelpers! You shouldn't write those inaccurate reviews. I went to this place after i read the reviews. This is a worst restaurant that i have ever known. Awful foods and bad service. Price is really cheap, but you get what you pay for. The restaurant is also very dirty. It is not a place for eating food.
There are essentially three types of people who will visit Prosperity Dumpling: 1) white folks / tourists who look this kind of crap up on Yelp and think AWWW YEAH REAL CHINESE 2) people who happen to be in Chinatown and realize they can get a super cheap really filling meal 3) folks who really don't care about dumplings and happen to find themselves here with #1 or #2 Luckily I happen to have a Chinese friend in New York who served me some education with "Chinese people don't really eat this," meaning it's OK but not really something to get excited about the way others do. For me, there really is no comparison to places like Prosperity Dumpling in my city of DC, so it earns an extra fourth star that it likely wouldn't get if I lived in NYC and had places like this readily available at any time. Truth be told I found myself somewhere in between #1 and #2, as I was making a trip to Doughnut Plant (yelp.com/biz/doughnut-pl…) to show my coworkers how awesome they were and we decided to pop into Prosperity for some lunch since the Yelp app was telling me it was nearby and supposedly rather awesome. I was honestly shocked by the prices here... And then when I received all my food (yelp.com/biz_photos/-WJt…) even more shocked to find out just how much I had actually ordered. The menu doesn't actually display quantity, so I was just ordering thinking I would get one or two dumplings with each order (because, you know, shit is overpriced like that in DC). Turns out my $9 order could have easily fed our entire 4 person team. The different dumplings were all pretty good, all made fresh by the militaristic like assembly line that never seemed to stop while we were inside. They are a bit salty, but most Chinese food I've had tends to be, so that's a rather negligible complaint. The hot and sour soup was quite nice, and actually hot, a rarity these days, but the special of the day, something simply called "duck soup" was so full of bone and carcass that I found it completely inedible, a real shame since at $4 it was by far the most expensive item I ordered. The broth flavor was good, and if I were at home I probably would have just dumped everything else out and kept that. I would say this place suffices if you need a snack while checking out this area (stick to one single order of dumplings), but don't make a special trip just for it.
I'm sure it's been said enough already - 5 for $1 dumplings and $2.50 sesame pancake sandwich (i get mine with duck). DELISH. You don't even need the dumpling sauce - so flavorful (...and salty). And I swear to god, my mom still raves about that sandwich when she ate it during a recent visit to ny. that said, very minimal seating. i kinda just eat it standing outside :/ i'm impatient.
Prosperity is the archetypal hole-in-the-wall dumpling joint.  I'm convinced that there is no better bang for your buck in all of New York City when it comes to dumplings.  That's not to say there might not be some place out there with fantastic dumplings and buns, but with FIVE dumplings for ONE DOLLAR (not to mention the $1.75 sesame pancaked with duck sandwich), Prosperity can't be beat.  I literally just went there 4.5 hours ago and shared 10 dumplings, 4 pan-fried pork buns, a duck sandwich, and a bottled water for $5.75 and I haven't felt the need to eat since.   Prosperity's only real competition is Vanessa's Dumplings.  Vanessa's has some advantages--namely slightly more variety and more seating (Prosperity has seats for about 6 people total--but the flavor at Prosperity puts Vanessa's to shame.  There's absolutely no reason put soy sauce on a Prosperity dumpling, all that you need is just a tiny bit of hot sauce to give it a kick.  These dumplings have a nearly ideal pork-to-dough ratio, the dumpling is not over fried or dripping with oil (which is often the case at Vanessa's), and the pork has a superbly rich flavor. I vehemently declare Prosperity to be the king of cheap dumplings (sorry Vanessa's, you still hold a special place in my heart).
When we saw people lining up in front of this spot, we knew we've come to the right place. It's good, basic food, no tourists, super tiny, busy, dirt cheap. As you wait, you see the entire kitchen and dumplings being fried on a huge pan. On a sunny day like this, we had a perfect lunch in the nearby park with dumplings, oxtail noodles, hot & sour soup and a sesame pancake (which our 16-month old grabbed and never gave back! The next time we'll take one for each of us!!!). The bottom-line: 12$ for 2 adults + baby for BOTH lunch and dinner.     We'll be back.
I created an account on Yelp just to say this. I hate you Yelp,  your movement is too strong , the long lines were bad enough , now its 4 for a dollar instead of 5. Yes the dumplings are really really good , (better than the one up on eldridge and broome) , yes its still the best value in the city , but Yelp and its followers have probably shaved a good 3 months out of my life by making me now wait in line for food in all my favorite spots that  i used to get in a flash .  Enjoy!!
So good! So cheap! I would pay double for these dumplings but luckily I don't have to. The sesame pancake is pretty good too.  Come on a sunny day so you can eat your dumplings outside - there's really no space inside.  Even if you're lucky enough to score one of the 4-5 seats, it's not comfortable because the place gets really crowded. I really wish they had a dumpling house like this in DC.  GOD!  DC Food SUCKS!!!! Overpriced snotty crap!
Prosperity Dumpling is serious value for money, and that's about it.  Portions are big.  The two us got a LOT of food (and soda) for $12.   I have to say:  I love it when the cheapest item on the menu (4 lightly fried pork and chive dumplings for $1) is also by far the tastiest!  The pork and chicken soup dumplings were good, and very filling; but be warned, these are not your delicate Shanghai-style soup-filled dumplings, but just huge dumplings dunked in clear soup.  The shrimp and veggie dumplings were a massive disappointment - both were bland and soggy.     Cash only.  Only about 4-5 seats, and it is neither pleasant nor comfortable to dine in (you'll smell what I mean!).  Get your food to go!
Buy 50 frozen dumplings for $9 and have yourself a DUMPLING PARTY. No really. That's what I did. People will eat them up like there aren't 49 more. Biggest note to self: Bring cash dollah billz.
Came here to try the famous Prosperity Dumpling. Decor: 2/5 -This place is tiny! with alot of traffic. -The huge trash bin takes up like 1/6 of the tiny dining area. Service: 4/5 -Service was fast! Dumplings: 4/5 -5 fried pork & chive dumplings for $1.25 (Even though their menu says $1) -These were freshly fried and tasty. If this place opened near NYU, they'd bank even more. Hungry but on a budget? Come here! I'm definitely coming back to try their sesame pancake!
Propserity makes the best dumplings in the city. I did a dumpling crawl a couple years ago and it was the unanimous winner. The dumplings have the perfect ratio of filling to wrapper: you'll never catch the meat flush up against the wrapper, making sweet, sweet dumpling love to it (children could be watching! Or, possibly more important, the meat will make the wrapper soggy), nor will you bite into the dumpling and taste air. It's Goldilocks, but in dumpling form (do I mean Baby Bear? Oh well.). The wrapper also has the right thickness: you can effortlessly bite through the crispy skin without tasting dough.   On top of all this, the dumplings taste good. Not the greatest food I've ever had (not 5-star material, let's be real), but still really tasty and the prices can't be beat. $1 for 5 dumplings? Is there a better deal in town!? You can also buy them frozen, 50 dumplings for $8 and 100 for $15. It's ridiculous. I introduced one of my Chinese friends, with whom I've made dumplings from scratch, to Prosperity, and she now buys them frozen in bulk, so they're definitely legit. This place is the proverbial hole in the wall and can't fit more than 10 people, but that just makes me happy :) Note to Vanessa's fans: Vanessa's makes the best pancakes, but Prosperity has you beat on the dumplings. It's the dumps!
This place is good.   You'll hear people talk about the price.   Forget about that.    It's cheap but even if it cost twice that I'd pay for it.   It's that good.    The place was packed from the moment we got there till we left.   I can't recommend this place enough.    Just tasted great and was quick.
I went here with a friend.  We ordered some steamed and some fried dumplings as well as a scallion pancake each.  Silence.  Gestures to pass the Sriracha.  More silence.  Cleaned plates.  Look at each other.  No words--just a solid high-5. Now whenever I eat dumplings, I ask myself whether they were worth high-5ing over.  Hasn't happened yet.
As a Chinese person who has grown up on dumplings, I am extremely finicky about them. However, Prosperity does live up to the hype and are almost as good as my mum's.
The dumpin's are awesome. The chive pancake was sort of bland but it was good. This is the sort of place that make New York what it is. Super delicious, super cheap, good atmosphere (for me). I know this review isn't needed, Prosperity Dumpling has over 300 reviews, but I had to throw my thoughts in, I love this place. P.s. the folks who are working behind behind the counter, tending the industrial woks, and fucking amazing. Perfectly cooked everytime and how many do they put out a day? Really impressive.
Managed to walk my butt to Chinatown after a few hours of writing and handing emails. A small, kind-of-dinky space, with very few seatings, like 3 inside and a mini-table outside with a large trash can. Their menu is easy to read and affordable. Ranging from fried/team dumplings to soups and sesame pancakes. Popular for their chives & pork fried dumplings for $1 - YES, one freaking dollar for four pieces. But I ordered a 10 piece shrimp steam dumplings and a sesame pancake and total about $4.50-5. AFFORDABLE. SWEET! They were not stingy with their shrimp, which is great. A full steamed dumpling with shrimps and veggies (cabbage). 10 pieces, must I repeat myself? Either the soy sauce was not salty enough or I did not put enough, I was not too pleased after mixing it hardcore with soy sauce + the hot sauce. They have big bottles on their tables for your to serve yourself. Prompt service, too. Not much of a wait. It was filling - I ate nearly 7 pieces and was super stuffed. The man is pushy, so when you go in, know what you wanna order quick and just say the number to ease the confusion. Don't know if the assertive part and demanding thing is either a Chinese thang or a New Yorker thang. oh well. Definitely wanna come back here for something fried when I am in the hood.
Yum.  A good find for cheap, good dumplings.  A bit on the greasy side, but nothing more than you would expect at a Chinese restaurant.  :)  Dumplings were far more flavorful than Vanessa's, in my opinion.
Oh lord, I've only got $3.00 to my name and I am starving. Where to go, oh where to go? Fried Dumpling? Dumpling House? Dumpling Man? Nope, nope and oh hell no. My go-to dumpling place is now, and forever from now on, Prosperity Dumpling. Its a shack of a place. I mean smaller than my walk in closet. Smaller than ten people in a Yugo. Smaller than certain Yelper's egos. But every time that I've gone there (and when I say "every time" I mean "twice") the dumplings have been piping hot and most of all fresh. So yes, ten dumplings and a can of soda = $2.75, and I've still got .25 to my name.
Oversalted mystery meat in the pan fried dumplings. I will be back to Vanessa's. I would be willing to pay much more to not think "200 degrees in a frying pan does kill most everything, right?"
Just adding another good rating for this place--had the sesame pancake and pork/chive potstickers. Remember...pace yourself...I don't think I can eat these for another month or two because I ate them at an average rate of 3 potstickers per minute.
Their dumplings are nothing compared to my mother's, however I do wish my mother can make some of the vinegar sauce.. But I am in love with their beef pancakes..
Please don't go to panda dumplings down the block.  The dumplings here are amazing! Not only are they cheap $1 for 5, but they are juicy and tasty.  Go when the guy is making it.  When the women make it, it doesn't taste as crunchy.  There is always a line, but normally they go pretty fast.  I also tried their boiled dumplings which I find to be too salty.  The pan fried ones are the best!
The scallion pancakes are incredible, and the dumplings are just as good as I've heard, but get the original pork dumplings, I tried some of the veggie dumplings and found myself drowning them in hot sauce to get some kind of flavor other than reused pot of week old water. Don't let this comment discourage you though 5 pan fried dumplings that will blow your mind for $1 and a piece of scallion pancake and your set, then swing by quickly for some tea and relax in the park.
I live across the street from prosperity dumpling. Hot damn. 25 cents/dumpling=a very, very happy Claire. If you're confused as to what you should order, get the pork and chive fried dumpling. Ask for vinegar sauce and sriracha. UGH SO GOOD. Boiled dumplings are solid too- I'm vouching for the chicken and pork and cabbage. You can feed yourself (very fully) for two dollars or less. Sesame pancake is a party in da mouth. SO GOOD. My only little complaint is that things can become a little too greasy.... But in a delicious kinda way so I don't really mind.
What a scene I came upon on a sunny Sunday afternoon on my recent visit to Chinatown. It is a good thing I don't live in the Big Apple - eating here would turn me into a rather big dumpling. I only waited in line about 10 minutes and enjoyed every minute of it. I felt like I was in a tiny dive in China. I have never seen harder working employees - it was non-stop action in the kitchen. These folks were churning out the tastiest food I have ever eaten in NYC's Chinatown, and amazingly rapidly. I opted for the Sesame Pancake with Peking Duck. I delighted in watching them prepare this - my generous portion was cut from a gigantic sesame encrusted pancake. While there wasn't a heck of a lot of duck, and some was the skin, this was incredibly delicious. I savored every bit in a nearby playground. I had to be careful though - my oohs and ahhs in the earshot of kiddies verged on x-rated. I couldn't help it - this pancake was nearly orgasmic! Wonderful, is all I can say.
Soooooo good, small place you just go in and order and then back out.. The best part it is so cheap.. I ordered a soup and one portion of dumplings $4,50 and that was my dinner and lunch the day after..  It´s not really possible to sit there since it is so small..
The fried pork dumplings are so good you would swear Master Michelin Rated Chef Jean Georges Vongerichten was standing behind the fryer.  Yes, the dumplings in this hole in the wall live up to the hype. I have eaten more than my fair share of fried pork dumplings over the years and can generally tell a good dumpling from bad.  Well Mama X. happens to work at the school across the street and has always told me these were the best so who am I to argue.  Apparantly, everyone on yelp seems to agree.  The pork and chive are perfectly wrapped and are pan fried to perfection. Absolutely delicious. I don't bother with anything else on the menu but the prices are so cheap, feel free to experiment. Cheers! N
This is why I love New York - amazingly cheap delicious food!!! A portion of freshly fried pork and chive dumplings + a sesame & egg pancake for $2.75 what??? My new favorite joint in lower Manhattan Why are you still reading this?!?! Go now!
I ate here for the first time on Christmas Day.  I found it on Yelp and thought it was an actual sit down restaurant.  So me and my mom (who was visiting from SF) walk over there in the bitter cold, thinking we're gonna have this great Christmas Day chinese food (so touristy, I know...but I had just moved here)  So we walk over there in the bitter cold  and come to find out that it's this dumpy looking,  hole in the wall, dumpling making machine.  But holy jesus, if that wasn't one of the best Christmas Day dinners ever... These dumplings are ridiculous.  As you've probably read by now...they're 5 for a friggin dollar.  And they are damn good.  Now, I haven't really eaten enough pot-stickers, I mean....'dumplings' to know how they stack up against dumplings that you'd get from a legit chinese restaurant.  But really, it doesn't matter because they're so good and so cheap.  And since they sell so many of them, they're ALWAYS fresh.  I've been there about 7 times now and they are always as good as the first time. And don't get me started on the sesame pancake.  This thing is pretty much just a huge fried circle of dough that resembles a big pancake, but is so unexplicably delicious.  I've never eaten something so plain yet so good.   Theres not much too it;  its slightly doughy, topped with sesame seeds and a little greasy....mmmmm, delicious.   5 for a DOLLAR!
Best $1/5 dumplings I've had in New York.  By no means are they the best dumplings I've ever had, but they definitely are the best for that price in America.  The sesame pancakes and sweet and sour soup are also very delicious.  Seating is very cramp so you will most likely have to go outside and eat at the playground close by, but for me it is totally worth it.
Really good fried pork dumplings in NYC, 5 of them for a $1. This place also has original hot sauce, not the water downed version other places have. In addition, they have good sesame pancakes and soups. There are not much indoor seating but there are nice parks nearby.
Where on earth can you find a better Chinese dumping take out? The answer is: nowhere else. $1.25 for 4 fried pork and chive dumplings. Two and change for a Vietnamese-style sandwich. I have yet to try anything else, but I have time.
Very good for a few bucks, fried dumplings were a little too greasy... I preferred the steamed
"This A rating calls the Heath Department's entire rating system into question." I think Addie S. was right about that one. This place is friggin' filthy, but somehow my wimpy stomach came through unscathed. This is the best kind of greasy hole in the wall (oh, yes, there were also holes in the wall -- seriously, Health Department?!) serving up really tasty dumplings and pancake things. When the guy whipped out a freshly baked (fried? probably fried...) one it looked like a sesame covered pizza folded over on itself, stuffed with meat, cilantro and crunchy pickled veggies. And this place is dirt cheap (did I mention there was dirt? Like everywhere that there wasn't already spilled soy sauce or some erstwhile patron's garbage) -- 8 vegetable boiled dumplings for $2 and a sesame pancake with beef for $1.75. But yeah, I'll be back. There's a recession out there and I've been meaning to beef up my immune system. (3.5)
How can one resist jumping in here when walking past? The sauce in the squeeze bottles, the middle aged chinese men slurping and sloshing their dumplings and soup, sizzling potstickers and steaming dumplings, a group of people in the back frantically stuffing filling into dumpling skins, and an sort-of-old man who keeps asking you whether you've paid even though you've told him 12 times you haven't... it's all so charming and reminiscent of, well, China I was running some errands in the UWS and decided, hey, why not go all the way down to Ctown and grab some dumplings? I didn't actually know where the place was (knew it was on Eldridge) so I got off the 1 at Canal St and walked through touristy Ctown to Eldridge and turned left (It really is a fresh breath of air when you get out of the crazy much of tourists and street hawkers) Walked into the shop and ordered 10 steamed for $2 and 4 sheng jian bao (what's the english? pan fried pork buns maybe?) for another whopping $1. I was in heaven. The skin on the steamed/boiled in a wok dumplings is wonderfully thick and chewy, which is way too rare these days. The filling was deliciously well seasoned and it was so much fun squeezing sauces onto the dumplings (it had to be more than just soy sauce and hot sauce mixed in there). The steamy hot goodness made me so happy that I downed the plate of 10 dumplings in a record 10 minutes (for me at least) and went onto the pork buns. Pan fried in the same pan as the pot stickers but differing from them in that they are wrapped in a thin, doughy, bun-style skin, the mostly meat interior was oozing with flavor while the seared parts were crispy and oily and the skin was delightfully flavorful for a bun (probably from the oil). Sure, it's a little oily, but that's what you get and what you expect from street-food style chinese food! 5 stars for the grungy atmosphere and wonderful dumplings Revisit? After I finish my frozen bag of 50 for $8!!
They have 4 dumplings for $1, and they really are the best dumplings I've ever had. I bought $3 worth of dumplings and was full for the rest of the night. The restaurant is the definition of a hole in the wall, so don't expect to be able to sit down. It really is a must go.
First visit and I left my heart inside this cramped, fan-conditioned, dumpling shack. The price is just as cheap as it gets (as other yelpers have pointed out). I would come back here every morning to eat their dumplings for breakfast--seriously. I got the pancakes as they were fresh out of the pan. Everything is HOT and TASTY. There is less than little places to sit, but who cares when you are hardly paying a toenail..?
I used to go to Melissa's down the street because it has more seating, but I prefer prosperity for the quality and price. It boggles the mind how you can get soup,sesame pancake sandwich, dumplings and a soda for $5...and it be absolutely delicious????? This place is lifesaver when your broke and want to eat something extremely tasty. Fyi. ..weekends are sheer madness unless you get here early (when they open)or much later in the evening.
I've been looking for a place like this all across the country. Simply fantastic and inexpensive -- I could easily eat 50 dumplings / potstickers. Not really a sit-down place, but four of us just chilled in the  middle of the sidewalk with soysauce dripping down our mouths.
Pretty tasty hole in the wall.  The prices are unbelievable for what you are getting!
What a great break for your wallet in New York while immensely satisfying your stomach! I love my fine foods but I can't live with my delicious home comfort foods as well. 20 cents a piece. What can you buy for that nowadays?? Pork and chive dumplings are delicious. They use the right thickness for the dumpling skin and you can choose to get them pan fried to perfection. Also a lot of vegetarian friendly options for my non meat eating friends out there! It is a tiny spot with a stand in bar for you to eat really quick. Has a decent selection of condiments as well.
Five dumplings for $1 or 10 dumplings for $2 = the best deal in town. They have an open kitchen so you can watch them make dumplings in the traditional manner: they roll out a small piece of dough into a circular wrapper, add the filling and wrap. It's a tiny indoor dumpling stall with six stools.   The Northern Chinese menu includes congee, sesame pancakes, soup, fresh soy milk (75 cents for dine in), noodle soup and frozen dumplings. It's very much like Dumpling House (menu, price, quality, taste) if my memory serves me well and like DH, they don't have that many dumpling varieties (2 or 3? - I remember chives and pork plus the kind I had, vegetable and pork). I can't say that one dumpling stall is better than the other.  The prices are really something.  If I lived nearby, I could imagine eating dumplings every week.  I would prefer these dumplings to a swanky meal elsewhere. * Hot, fresh soy milk (75 cents): Served very hot and unsweetened.  Add sugar to taste.  Delicious.  You get more than a cup - you get a small tub of soy milk. * Vegetable and pork boiled dumplings (10 for $2): The skins are made as I described above, so they're thicker and chewier than some people might be used to (more like potsticker skin).  I didn't see or taste the veggies but I assume that they are in the filling.  These plump dumpling are very juicy (be careful) and flavorful but not salty.  Nearly perfect (though I could use some more veggies).   Wish they had a fancier dipping sauce. You order at the counter and need to wait for the dumplings to cook.  Bus your own counter space. They don't wash dishes here (everything's disposable).  Soy sauce, sriracha and vinegar are provided. Cash only.  You can pay after you've eaten. Update:  I heard the prices went up at Dumpling House, so hurry to Prosperity before they raise them too.  And this place is now officially approved by Dumpling Girl herself (I'm not Dumpling Girl).
DARE YOU to find a better joint for fried dumplings. TRIPLE DOG dare you.
The fried dumplings here are great, and you can't beat the price. The sesame pancakes are delicious as well. However, the boiled dumplings with the shrimp were very subpar in my opinion - I've had much better elsewhere. Overall- still a great bargain and delicious, though it's deep in Chinatown and quite a trek.
The fried pork and chive dumplings were flavorful, salty, and crispy but I still think Vanessa's and Rickshaw Dumpling Truck have better dumplings. The upside is that these are dirt cheap (5 for $1). The downside is going into the restaurant, as it appears to be super unsanitary.
I'm sad I don't live in this neighborhood anymore. Greasy and salty but so cheap and convenient. Sometimes its just what you need. Duck pancake is my favorite.
i am a monster dumpling fan and felt for a long time only grandma's homemade dumplings could complete my satisfaction. however, prosperity dumpling truly rivals my family's version of the "best dumpling I've ever ate." the steamed/fried dumplings are meaty, and not too doughy. although you would expect otherwise right? $1 for 5 pieces. truly a steal. i feel their chives and meat dumplings are the better of the two fillings they have. outside of the dumplings, their beef sesame sandwiches were awesome. i wish there was more meat in there but the mixture of the vegetables in the sandiwch really made up for it. the jiang jiang noodles were ehh not too great. too greasy for my own taste but then again - its so cheap so def worth a try if you fancy it decor and attitude of the place? well it's a hole in the wall
Great $1 for 4 potstickers aka fried pork and chive dumplings (#17 on the menu). Flavorful and aromatic. It's oily but that's what makes the fries dumplings so crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside. No real sitting place, more a dine and dash. They also water down their siracha sauce :( However they sell 50 frozen dumplings for $9. That's really cheap and can be your supply of food for a week and all you have to do is boil them. I wouldn't say they are the best, I've had better. It's hyped but for the price and quality and location I'll say 3.7 and round it to 4.
Really over-hyped, in my personal opinion. Certainly, this joint is not a replacement for your mom-n-pop's home made dumplings or potstickers, but the food is cheap and there are a few options for the curious and adventurous. The service is curt, but incredibly fast and you definitely need to get here early to get the meat buns. I tried some of the chive dumplings, which had very few chives and the skin was a bit too soggy for my liking. Having trekked across Chinatown to get to soggy fried dumplings and not being able to eat the meat buns, I felt really cheated and disappointed. But, hey, I am extremely spoiled in that I have good access to delicious dumplings at home and in Boston Chinatown, but I gotta admit, these dumplings were cheap! Food: 3 stars Price: 5 stars Ambiance: n/a, there's no way for you to eat in this shoebox sized restaurant.
First off, this is a DUMPLING ONLY review. Many of these restaurants serve other fare. But since I only buy dumplings I will rate the restaurant based on this. This review has been posted on the subsequent Yelp restaurant pages. It is to inform my fellow dumpling-loving Yelpers of our findings. We were as objective as possible. I want people to enjoy good food. Isn't that what life is about? Last night four friends and I had a blind taste testing of dumplings purchased from Vanessa's Dumplings, Lan Zhou, Plump Dumpling, Prosperity Dumpling, and the supermarket (frozen pre-packaged.) We purchased them frozen (except for Plump's which were fresh), in bulk. We cooked them by boiling using this technique: bit.ly/9h0oFk Our panel all agreed that there are some essential pieces to a good dumpling: Firm, supple skin with great texture, juicy and tasty meat filling, and the ratio of the skin to meat needs to be proper. Here were our notes, scribbled on tiny pieces of paper. Vanessa's "Hard to eat, meat a bit stiff, skin too thick" "Skin too thick" "Good meat, poor ratio" "Too much skin. Horrible." Lan Zhou "Great texture and filling" "Inside weird" "Skin too loose, meat flavor is gross, something about it is off-putting" "Good skin" Prosperity "Good skin, awesome flavor" "Flavorful, meaty, good skin" "Good skin to meat ratio. Good thickness" "Great filling - handmade skin." Plump Dumpling "Ginger! A little too doughy. Good meaty filling." "Inside tasty flavor. Skin too thick." "Big meaty meat is good. WOuld be excellent if fried." "Dense meat. Overwhelming." Supermarket "Store. Bad texture, taste, and filling." "Eh." "Interesting clean light flavor" "Good ratio of meat to skin." The final rankings? We rated them 1-5, 1 being our favorite and then tallied the scores golf-style. The lower your score, the better the dumpling. I'll list the individual scores and then the total. The dumplings are ranked in order of their scores. Prosperity Dumpling - 7 1, 1, 1, 2, 2 Lan Zhou - 14 5, 2, 1, 1, 5 Supermarket - 17 3, 3, 3, 4, 4 Plump Dumpling - 17 2, 5, 5, 3, 2 Vanessa's Dumpling - 20 4, 4, 4, 5, 3 Prosperity Dumpling is the clear winner. It got three #1 nods, and two #2. We highly recommend coming here to get your dumpling fix - plus it's right on par for affordability. Lan Zhou was a polarizing dumpling with two #1 votes and two #5 votes - a few of our reviewers noted a "gamey" or "sour" taste to the meat. Its wrapper is manufacturered and thinner than the hand-rolled skins of Prosperity - which some don't like. The prepackaged and Plump Dumplings entries tied with 17 points, with Plump Dumpling having two #2 votes. It's an interesting dumpling, worth a try. However its non-Chinatown location mean higher prices. And basically, stay away from Vanessa's. The reviewers all agreed the skin was too thick. I am personally sad to see the steady decline of Vanessa's since its pre-renovation "Dumpling House" days. I hope this review will help you decide where to get your next NYC dumpling fix. I welcome any suggestions if you think there's a better dumpling out there!
Dumplings..dumplings...dumplings. The name says it for itself. Do not get anything else other than the sesame pancake. The fried dumplings are the best, even though it squirted on me when I took my first bite. It was absolutely delicious and have not tasted a dumpling that tasty. This is saying a lot, coming from a person that doesn't like dumplings all that much. The sesame pancake is flavorful and tasty if coupled with the hot and sour soup (which is only 3 stars in my book). I opted in for the soup since it was a nice winter day and had time to sit at the nearby park and eat my breakfast. Overall, if you're on Canal st. and hankering for dumplings, give this place a chance and give it a try! P.S., if you're on a budget, GO HERE! 2 orders of fried dumplings, 1 sesame pancake, 1 hot and sour soup = 4.50. This was enough for 2 people. THE CHEAPEST breakfast i've had outside of homemade food.
Cheap Cheap Cheap eats. Was in chinatown this past weekend and craving some dumplings for lunch. Yelp led me to Prosperity, and while I wasn't impressed by the cheap, dirty little hole in the wall at first sight--the food for the money is well worth it. One buck for five dumplings, is a really good steal as your stomach will feel content after just a couple dollars. I tried the boiled pork dumplings, and they were good but I wouldn't say they were the world's best dumplings. Dumplings are pretty difficult to mess up, so I appreciate the cost factor, but I will be keeping an eye out for dumplings elsewhere to see how Prosperity really stands up compared to others.
$1 for 5 Chives and Pork Dumplings - Delicious! Dough was just the right thickness. Filling was really tasty and juicy. Wok fried just right. Nice crispy bottoms and NOT greasy. Tried one order and then ordered 2 more! $2 for 10 Chives and Pork Boiled Dumplings - Soooo Good! Juicy, tender, tasty and damned cheap! $1.75 - Sesame Beef Sandwich - Wow! The bread was nice and soft and flavorful. Simple beef filling with cucumbers and carrots (sweet and sour marinated). My wife really enjoyed this one. Quote my wife, "Yummy! Yummy ! Yummy! Good for my Tummy!)  I ordered one and bought two more. $2.50 - Vegetable Dumplings and Soup - 8 veggie dumplings with pint of soup. My mom ate it all and couldn't believe how good it was. The joint is a dump , but got a "A" rating form NYC Food Inspectors. I had to laugh when I saw that "A" rating in the window. Like  others mentioned its super tight in there, Like 10'x10' "dining room" with two small counters on the wall with 6 stools next to the 2 counters. I had to stand outside and look at their menu through the window to figure out what to order because the room only holds a line of 5 people at best. Lots of people dragging luggage happened to be visiting the same day I was and lots of non-locals. Busy. Busy. Busy. FYI..Dude, behind counter, speaks English and Mandarin Chinese (Native). Skip trying to use Cantonese Chinese, he doesn't understand it well. Overheard customers trying to use Cantonese but he had no clue. Bottom Line, These are some of the best dumplings I've ever had, the right dough thickness, flavorful filling, cooked just right, juicy and danged cheap. Super cheap! A must TRY for all you dumpling lovers and grab a sesame sandwich while you're there! JUST AWESOME and BEYOND CHEAP!
There are only positive things to say about Prosperity Dumpling! While there are lots of cheap dumpling destinations in Chinatown, I think this one has the great combination of the largest menu and the lowest prices. Similar to the menu at Vanessa's Dumplings (although Vanessa's has more options for dumpling fillings) but even cheaper. You'll never catch me saying a bad word about Vanessa's, but I think this place might be my number one dumpling spot now. Btw, make sure you get a sesame pancake!
While the price is unbeatable, the dumplings are nothing special. Vanessa's is significantly better.
I lived in China for most of my childhood, AND my mom's favorite food is dumplings and makes it often, so I definitely know what a good, authentic dumpling tastes like. Prosperity Dumpling, you are a terrific bang for a buck, but I wouldn't say your potstickers are as good as my mom's, and the reasoning is mainly in the filling. You'd never find a potsticker in China with such a high content of fatty pork, especially when it's going to be pan-fried in oil! People there eat like, 20-30 dumplings or potstickers each for celebratory meals, and that can't happen when their potstickers have huge puddles of oil inside. I'm sure many customers find the high fat content PLUS what I detected was an extra splash of sesame oil super appetizing, but this factor made me full and a little nauseated by the third potsticker, when I could easily eat 6 of a leaner variety. Maybe the dumplings have different filling, but I wouldn't know/care; I crave the crunchy pan fried bottom of a potsticker and don't have near the same affinity for dumplings. I do love my dumplings and potstickers with thick, chewy yet steamy skin. It's an important indicator of a freshly home-kneaded dough, and Prosperity Dumpling obviously does this right. I also had some of the fried bun-shaped potstickers, and I call them potstickers rather than pork buns because the filling appears identical, which is another faux pas if I'm correct... OH WELL, it's really delicious nontheless, don't be swayed by my overly critical review, because this truly is way better than your average dumpling place!
THEIR DUMPLINGS ARE SOOO CHEAP and GOOD! We really liked the pork and chive dumplings. I liked them steamed. & I think the sesame pancake is over hyped. It wasn't that great to me.. I ended up throwing it away. The place is a little janky.. but it's definitely a mom and pop kind of restaurant. You can only fit about 10 people in there. So, I'd take those dumplings to go and enjoy them while walking. I'll definitely come back again for those pork and chive dumplings :)
Oh noessss! It's now 4 dumplings for $1 instead of 5. Though now on par with other well-known dumpling houses around, this means they've officially joined the ranks of "over-reviewed, now hipster/tourist occupied" local joints. They even had two young, fluent English speaking staffers working on my busy Sat afternoon visit. This is still a great meal deal if you're in the area. Sometimes the meat-filled bites are a bit questionable, but I've chewed on without ever having a bout of illness to date. As I don't frequent this area so much anymore, I'm unlikely to seek them out now that the great deal is no longer a SPECTACULAR one. But, everything I just described is "good business" for Prosperity owners... (Just feels like the kind this city keeps wanting to attract at the cost of local culture and identity...)
Newly renovated counter and menu board make the place look slightly less ghetto than before. Same awesome dumplings though! I've re-tried a few of the other dumpling places in Chinatown, and these are still unquestionably the best. If you're taking them home frozen, get a good non-stick pan, throw down some oil, drop the dumplings in, add a cup of water, cover to steam for 10 min at medium heat, and then uncover and cook until the water evaporates off and the bottoms are crispy.
These are the cheapest dumplings we have ever had price-wise. The dumplings themselves are delicious, oui oui. However, the siu lung bao (pork fried bun) are LEGENDARY. LEGENDARY. (And they have the Chinese-American seal of approval from us.)  And they're usually sold out because of it so don't dilly dally ~pondering~ about coming here. Plus, the later on in the day the more burnt they get. But hey, you might be in to that kind of stuff... The frozen dumplings give you about 50 for $8 and that's a steal. I don't even bother buying dumplings at supermarkets because they're not even as tasty as these and you get less for your buck. Sometimes I prefer making them at home because then they're not so greasy. Also the sesame pancakes are amazing. Give them to someone on your next date and you know (fo sho) that they'll be looking at you like you're  an angel sent from above.
This is my go to dumpling spot at 7 am before work. They are always fresh and perfect thickness skin. The juice literally runs outta of it when you bite into them. Plus the soy sauce with vinegar dipping sauce is the perfect compliment to it. There sesame pancakes are really tasty but lil greasy. But still worth getting. Really tiny place, don't expect to get a seat just grab a few and head down 2 blocks and watch people practice Tia chi in the park.
You won't find a better dumpling shack then this sh!tty looking place.. Dumplings are best I've had in NYC, price/ratio cannot be beat
Greasy, heavy, unhealthy, but oh so delicious! But I would rather not know the quality of the meat that allows for 5 dumplings for $1. The young woman who works the counter was really nice.
Prosperity Dumpling is the epitome of a dirty, gritty Chinatown hole in the wall that any posh SoHo resident wouldn't dare step into. That's what makes it so legit, and the prosperity they brought my taste buds was undeniable. By China standards, this place is sparkling clean. It's fairly simple. You come in, find a tiny spot to cram yourself into while looking at the menu, order, and get your food within 5 minutes. Incredibly cheap and no frills. A must: - Sesame Pancake w/ Duck: They cook a large pizza sized pancake, cut it up into 4-6 pieces, and serve you one for $2. Inside the pancake is huge chunks of duck, herbs, carrots, and fish sauce. Simple, yet so orgasmically mindblowing. The soft silky dough pillowing the tender juicy pork. Simply blissful. - Fried Pork & Chive Dumplings. $1 for 5. Unbeatable. Gently fried so as to not kill the texture. Flavor is on point. Can't get more legit than this. Load up on dumplings and sesame pancake, head over to the small park on Eldridge & Hester, and go to town. People might give you strange looks if you begin jumping up and down and doing the dougie, but the myriad of flavors and juices in your mouth will surely put you in DGAF mode.
For some odd reason, when I Yelped "best restaurant in New York City" a week ago, Prosperity Dumpling came up #2 on the list.  Being that Chinese cuisine is my boyfriend's absolute FAVE, I was thrilled to get to take him to this hidden gem.  We cabbed all the way down from the UES in rush hour traffic to find this place, thinking we could sit and have a bite after a long day of walking around the city.  We thought wrong.   First of all, this is not a sit-down restaurant.  You either grab a stool if one is available at the cramped counters on either side of the tiny space, or you take it to go.  You can't even hang around and wait inside for a stool because there's no room to stand if you're not in line to order. Second, the kitchen (which is open to view) does not look sanitary at all.  The back door was open to the alley, one cook was wiping his nose on his hand, and it just had that barely-passed-the-health-code-regulations feel... Basically, if cleanliness is important to you, I would steer clear.   Third, the stench of vomit and garbage coming off the street outside was nauseating.  Maybe it was trash day, and I know these smells are just part of life in NY in the summer.  But given that the door was propped wide open, if you were lucky enough to score a seat, you likely couldn't eat and breathe "clean" air at the same time.   My apologies that none of this review actually applies to the food, but we obviously didn't stay to eat.  I don't mean to bash a place that may have the best tasting dumplings on earth, but if you're looking for a place to sit and enjoy a meal, or if you have any kind of OCD when it comes to hygiene, I just thought I'd save you the trip.
They said it, and now I'll repeat it: 5 dumplings for $1. I don't get how this guy makes money. He's either funded by the USDA to provide meals to malnourished Chinatown students or a retired manufacturer of ipod accessories in China now living his dumpling shop dream.  Or maybe a Chinese reverse merger company CEO who's bilked naive investors (translation: investors) and cashed out and hoping to live in relative obscurity. Either way he's doing a good public service now.   Dumplings r great. Appear to be homemade. Not some crappy frozen stuff I get outta the pack. 10 should fill u up, 15 put u in a dizzy. The fried beef sesame pancake was good but oily, I'd stick to the dumplings IMO. Good frying sir. Will def be back for a snack or the cheapest meal ever.
I would totally give this place 5 stars cause.. 1) They are way better than white tourist trap Vanessa's Dumplings. 2) They are the best in chinatown. 3) The price. $1 = 5 dumplings. $2.50 = Large wonton soup.. etc etc.. beef pancakes.. sesame pancakes.. BUT! She knew my total was $18.50, but decided to rip me off by .50 cents anyway. Maybe cause I didn't speak to her in chinese, oh, I dunno. It was only .50 cents and it was a busy day, but it still irked me because she and I both saw "18.50" on the calculator. She went on to say "$19!!!". And also because I was able to tally up my total before she finished punching in her numbers. But yeah, she was super rude aside from that as well. I ordered so much food that I felt like it was fine to ask for a little more vinegar to go and she said to me "I give you two already!!". Really, you obese lady? Are you saving all that vinegar for your diet? The people who eat in use WAY more vinegar than all I really asked for. I had bags full of dumplings + other stuff to go, why couldn't I ask for a few more? One little take out container of vinegar was barely enough for $1 worth of dumplings, just so you guys know. She also didn't give me hot sauce, and I had to ask - all which in resulted to her giving me also just two. I ended up just digging my hand into the baggie of sauce behind her and took what I needed. I didn't care less if she was going to snap at me in rough chinese. Two little containers of each simply wasn't enough for $13 dumplings ($1 = 5 dumplings.. so 13x5 = 65 dumplings) followed by $5 worth of other fried goodness. Oh, and the woman I'm talking about - shes this really large chinese lady who is mean to all her patrons. She would yell at people to calm down because "she's SO busy and it's VERY TIRING having to yell at people" LOL. WTF. Seriously, go home and eat some cabbage and lose 100 pounds and you'll be a much happier person. Aside from her though is usually the ok-friendly skinny chinese man that is the owner. God, just pray you encounter the owner and not this weirdo that I hope is not his wife.
This place is awesome... Been here many times and always consistent on taste. The only thing is it's cash only and in today's society not many people carry cash around anymore.
definitely must try: beef pancake for $1.75. Their dumplings are cheap and they definitely put a lot of meat/chives in their fillings however I also think they put a lot msg into their fillings as well. had a slight headache and was thirsty after having them. I'd skip them. But this is all because I grew up eating mom's homemade dumpling, so I'm a little picker with them. If you're in the area, drop by try some hot and sour soup with a beef pancake. delicious lunch for $3. cant beat that even in chinatown.
You honestly can't get any better than $1 for 5 potstickers (dumplings) and 70 cents for onion bread. This is NY afterall. The potstickers were actualy quite yummy, lots of filling and crispy. Done.
Delicious dumplings.  5 for a dollar fried/10 for 2 bucks steamed.  Are you kidding?  Tiny spot, a bit unkempt.  Perfect for Chinatown snack.
This place was damn Good!! Cheap too!  Chives and Pork fried dumplings was Amazingly Delicious and I mistakenly ordered a Soup w/ dumpling, but that turned out to be yummy as well. Place kind of small but service was quck! Wished they got something like that here!  : (
I LOVE Dumplings. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Dumplings. I was so disappointed in Vanessa's Dumplings that I didn't think I could ever love dumplings again. I've heard so much hype about this place, and was walking past it one morning, so decided to pop in. The store is so small and grungy, it's awesome. There are bars that align the walls of the store with tiny stools to sit on. Prosperity dumpings probably seats about 7 people at most. We got the fried $1 for 4 pork and cabbage dumplings, and they were delicious and flavorful. You can (well, I can) taste that the skin wasn't rubbery and the meat wasn't mushy either. Everything was fresh and you can taste it. We also got 10 steamed pork and cabbage dumplings for $2.50. It was really fresh and delicious. I love dumplings. They have their own dumpling sauce and their dumpling hot sauce on the side in a Rooster Sauce bottle, but it's their own sauce. Omg, I wish they delivered. The dumplings were juicy and full of flavor. I am safe to say it's even better than my parent's dumplings. The skin is not too thick, so you're not just eating bread the entire time. The boss lady was mixing pork in the back of the tiny kitchen while we were there, so you know they make the stuffing fresh all day along with the dumplings. They also had soy milk as well, which we got a cup of for $1.00. It tastes fresh and just like a tofu. It's the traditional chinese recipe with no added sugar. So good.
There is something to be said about great dumplings in the mouth....I want more! Pointy, these babies were the best on the tour. Witnesses to my case include Jenn L. and Sandy C. reviews below. The dumplings were well-balanced, full of flavor, and worth the buck you pay for them. ...and I WILL be back, you can't keep me away from Prosperity.
The dumpling wrappers here are indeed thinner than at, for example, Dumpling House. This isn't a huge selling point for me, but it DOES mean that there is more filling in these. Their filling is very green, with lots of finely minced veggies. And it appears that they're soy and hot sauces are not as diluted as any where else! Probably as good as Dumpling House, with the same prices, and differences small enough to be negligable when choosing your dumpling venue of choice. Go to whichever is closer to you, friends! (I almost gave this 5 stars out of loyalty to Dumpling House, but relented. Five it is!)
Prices are 5 for $1.25 for the dumplings.  $9 for a bag of 50 frozen dumplings. It's very popular with the local school kids, I have seen kids drop by after school , throw $1 on the counter and run away with a wonton soup or sweet and sour soup. I was just there this afternoon, and saw Ming Tsai from "Simply Ming" getting his picture take with a takeaway box of dumplings, proclaiming "It's so GOOD!"
I am a Chinese from HK and somehow i am very picky abt Chinese food. But this shop is the best Chinese food shop I ever had in US! The dumplings are nice for this price - $1 for 5. Hot, juicy and yummy. The seasame bread is nice as well but a little bit oily. The noodles are my favourite! The beef noodles soup and spicy minced pork noodles soup are both delicious. A must go restaurant!
zOMG i LOVE dumplings! & 5 for $1 is a pretty damn good deal. So as you've probably read, it's not really on the spacious side of things but who cares when you're spending almost nothing for such a delicious amt of food? You can't even buy bubble gum nowadays for $1 but you can buy a meal from here. If you want to be a big spender you can throw in $2 & get wonton soup. So good. It just sucks that it's on Eldridge, far the fuck away from my usual Chinatown haunts.
fried dumplings is delicious but i think if it is more juicy, it will be more delicious. Next time I will try sth new.
Best dumplings that I have ever had! Cheap cheap cheap too! We got a variety of things. Fried pork dumplings, steamed pork and chive dumplings, steamed chicken dumplings, duck sesame pancake and a roast pork pancake.....all were excellent. I mean truly outstanding. It is a tiny cramped place that is very busy and very hot.
They changed their prices. 4 dumplings for $1 instead of 5 for 1. Still delicious though and my favorite dumplings in the city. I like their wonton skins and the flavor of the dumplings. Also love how its chewy yet crispy. Yum. I bought a 50 frozen dumpling pack for $9 and now have 50 delicious dumplings in my freezer awaiting to be eaten as soon as I get home from work. Is it 5pm yet?
These dumplings are no more prosperous than its equally cheap neighboring competitors but they do a fine job of making their presence felt with a strong customer base (i.e. line) and most of all, very well prepared dumplings!  The dumplings themselves have a very thin layer of skin, with the crisp of the grilled sides just enough to get a small "crunch" when biting in.  If the dumplings are fresh off the grill, then often times the skin may appear to be cold but the fillings are super hot.  The minced pork and veggies appear as if they're grinded up very well, to a fine crumb-like texture. The prices as mentioned above are exactly the same as the other dumpling places.  $1 gets you 5 semi-good sizes and the sauces they provide are mixed in house and don't appear to be watered down like the ones at Dumpling House or Tasty Dumpling.  Its worth a shot to come here, especially if you're already in the area.
$4.25 for 15 dumplings and a vegetable sesame pancake = amazement. As I stared at the menu for a few minutes, I came across the boiled vs. fried dumplings issue, so we went ahead and got them both to compare. Let's begin by saying that the fried dumplings are pan fried and not deep fried. We managed to get there right in time when a new batch had just finished so they were hot hot hot, crispy, and wonderful. Needless to say that the fried dumplings won in my book. Make sure you don't forget the bottle of soy sauce and hot sauce. Apparently the boiled dumplings are made to order, so they took a bit longer to make. They were also hot hot hot and pretty good, but not as good as the fried ones. The dumpling skin was too thick and overpowered the actual flavors of the pork interior. We can't forget about my favorite part of the meal. The sesame pancake with vegetables. It was savory but sweet, and overall just delicious. It's basically bread stuffed with various vegetables such as carrots and cilantro with a sesame crust. I cannot stress enough how great it was. Perfect amount of crispy texture, savory and sweet sauce, and "herbiness" from the cilantro. There are about 6 seats in the place so get in, chow down, and get out. There is no air conditioning, so it gets pretty painful in the summer, but the food and the prices are well worth it. I must come back in the winter for the dumpling soups!
This is hands down the best food I've eaten in NYC.  I've backpacked through China for three months eating everywhere possible, and have never had better dumplings.  Every grown man of Chinese descent has his opinion about dumplings, and mine is that it doesn't get much better than the pork and chive potstickers and steamers at Prosperity.   I would give six stars if possible because of the plentiful supply of Sriracha. One warning - they're located in a dingy hole in the wall corner off the main streets of Chinatown...and there's always a line of dumpling junkies.  Bring your sig-other or a friend or you'll feel like an addict lining up to score your next hit.
A 3 buck meal- ten dumplings and a container of hot and sour soup.  Outside of New York this would be a bargain and in New York, it's a steal.  Some may hate on the hole-in-the-wall nature of this place, but I'd like to note a few benefits to the cramped location- you get a front-row view of the workers making the dumplings as you order and you can meet some of the other Prosperity Dumpling patrons- and Prosperity certainly draws a diverse crowd. The sesame pancake here is the thick, bread-like kind rather than the thin tortilla-like variety I'm more partial to.  If you like bargains and dumplings, this is a can't-miss in New York.
Dumplings tasted pretty good. 5 for a buck. Patron section of the place is smaller than my shoebox. Felt a little under the weather a couple hours after eating there, but I think it was totally unrelated.
Very simple.  Very cheap.  Very delicious.
Sesame pancakes soooooooo gooooooood!  One of these days I'm just gonna pack up my things and move to Chinatown, New York.   Got to try their beef and duck sesame pancakes and it was warm and flaky and oh so yummy. It is such a tiny place there really is no room to sit.  Okay, maybe 3 plastic chairs but you'll be eating with people standing behind you waiting to pay for their order. This place was busy on a snowy Sunday afternoon.  Wait time is about 20 min but worth it IMO.   Now excuse me while I find work in NY so I can move already.
With prices and flavors like these the guys behind the counter can be the rudest people in the world and there is nothing you can do about it. Making what is arguably the best Chinese dumpling in NYC is no mean feat and offering 8 fat juicy ones in a lightly flavored pork broth for $3.25 should earn you unconditional love from New Yorkers. The sesame pancakes are killer too. I had the pork and cabbage dumplings in soup. The broth is light so I added a dash of the dark vinegar. The dumpling itself contains a nice surprise--another saltier broth hidden inside. All the soupiness mixed together into a lovely combination and my cravings were sated. The super hot soup really hits the spot when it's freezing outside like tonight (17 F). Saw someone with a plate of pan fried gyoza-styled dumplings with Sriracha. That's my order next time. Many options for vegetarians too.
3.5 stars Leave it to New Yorkers to cram a restaurant into the smallest place possible.  Leave it to the Chinese to cram it into an even smaller space, make the food ridiculously cheap, and still manage to remain in business. $2 gets you a several tasty dumplings.  The fried ones were holding in a pan and ready immediately while the boiled ones took about 5 minutes to come out.  The fried pork and leek dumplings were porky, leeky, and tasty.  Probably better if straight from the pan, but they were still good.  Not sure if it's the fact that they were boiled or if it's a different recipe, but the boiled pork and vegetable dumplings were very juicy. Not the best dumplings ever, but cheap, filling, and tasty.  Rainy days probably make it less crowded, but also means it kind of sucks if the few stools are all taken.  Frozen bags of dumplings are available to take home and enjoy later.
like you need me yelping about this place, as if Time Out and New York Magazine has not already told you a million times...its good, its cheap- hell is practically free! Its places like this that make New York, New York and not just some other city. eat here. eat the sesame pancake. its heaven in fried form.
The place is very small and can get overcrowded but do not let this discourage you from going in. The dumplings are amazing and the price is great as well. The sesame pancakes are also delicious. I'm so happy I found this place On yelp. It's such a great spot that will make you full without spending so much. Highly recommend it.
I love how so many people rate 4-5 and say it tastes amazing then some people say "There was too much meat in my dumpling"....hahaha... Came here for some dumplings while I was in town visiting from Boston. Hole in the wall dumpling place...Do people EXPECT AC, comfy seats, table service.....for $2 for 10 DOPE dumplings? Big, full of meat and chives, mixed some soy sauce and sriracha for a sauce, combined with a sprite and sesame pancake....$4. And people try their best to find things to complain about. This is what this place is about. Cheap, tasty dumplings. Great lunch, brought back to our Hotel room, watched some kung fu drama between my saturday morning cartoons before heading out to explore the city. GREAT food, fast service. Cheap. What more do people want? I don't need anything more. Keep being you Prosperity.
This place basically only offers dumplings.  However, choosing to specialize was a brilliant idea, because the dumplings are AMAZING.  These are probably my favorite dumplings in the city, and combine that with the dirt cheap prices (we're talking less than $6 for two people to eat), and you've got a perfect combo.
Some of the best dumplings I've ever had! Mix the soy and hot sauce together...m'mmm! This place is a little out of my way, but definitely worth the trip!
At a place like this, what can you really say that hasn't been said? Yes, this place is delicious. Yes, this place is absurdly cheap (after the extras he got for free, a friend got 12 dumplings for five dollars). Yes, the place is a hole in the wall. Yes, there is limited seating. My buddies and I grabbed the dumplings and then headed a block away to a nearby Park, which had enough benches for the little kids with water balloons and then us big kids with dumplings.
If you go to Chinatown in NY, you have to try Prosperity Dumpling and Joe's Shanghai for sure. I went to this place first expecting this to be just my lunch....until I realized that I had to get the soup dumplings at Joe's. This place is a bit of a walk from the subway stop in Chinatown but totally worth it. It is a tinyyyy place that can only fit 6-8 people on the side seating. I was so shocked with the pricing. 4 dumplings for a dollar! These are huge and made fresh. I could totally tell that they made the skin themselves because it had this soft tender texture. The meat was super flavorful and fried so no soy sauce was necessary. I had two dumplings and that was enough to satiate me until I got to Joe's. These dumplings and yummy so definitely have to check this place out. **TIPS** 1) Cash only! 2) Seating is very very limited so take it to go if you are claustrophobic. 3) Enjoy!
S. is a very big fan. Dumplings were pretty good, was not a big fan of the duck soup.
Lame. FILLER DUMPLINGS.  Severely overrated! People need to travel more and indulge in real food before they jump on the bandwagon.  Craving Shrimp dumplings? Better prep yourself for CABBAGE DUMPLINGS? Why not write cabbage and shrimp dumplings on the menu then? I've never had shrimp dumplings filled with CABBAGE? Made us feel cheated, and wonder what else they stuff the other dumplings with that they don't mention on the menu. Not worth it, not coming back. They were borderline gross. I'd give my pinky for good dumplings! Dim sum dumplings! Asian dumplings! Polish dumplings! I think this place is a disgrace to the chinese culture if they are representing their dumpling style. Mass produced served for the masses. Very sad.
FRIED DUMPLINGS DUMPLING SOUP HOT SOYMILK Cheap and piping hot and so delicious. The only question I have is why am I not there right now PS. I owed my friend eight dollars and she said I could treat her for her first time at prosperity dumpling, and I said she wouldn't be able to eat eight dollars worth. She scoffed. (She ate until she was bursting but she didn't eat eight dollars worth)
Nothing beats a scruff request for your order from the owners/workers of Prosperity Dumpling. I love the gruffness of this place. No frills, all business. Just get your dumplings, stuff them down your throat, and get out. In fact, just take your dumplings and leave. Their friend dumplings are best, but I have only talked them into given me vegetarian fried dumplings once... usually they make me get boiled! Still tasty. Just give them a few minutes to cool down or else you'll walk away with a burned mouth. Sesame pancakes are also solid. The entire place is so cheap and delicious. Ok. Now I'm hungry.
Nothing beats tasty, cheap dumplings like Prosperity Dumpling (10 for $2!). It's a simple menu with unbeatable prices. Their sesame pancakes are also delicious. The place is pretty much in an alleyway with a couple benches so it can get pretty packed. You can watch the workers make the dumplings which is pretty cool.
When you're broke as a joke, and your EBT balance is 0, this is where to get your food fix. For less than $5 you can stuff yourself with dumplings and sesame pancakes. On good days it can rival the quality of Vanessa's, unfortunately it's usually not a good day. Not to say it's bad. It's just average. The space lacks atmosphere if you're into that, but otherwise it's cheap and it's filling.
Thank you yelp for putting this on the radar. Good quality pork dumplings, 4 for $1, 10 for $2.75. Sesame chicken pancake is good too for only $2.50. Take it to go. Not good for eating there because limited seating.
You have to know where you are going to find Prosperity.. ( kinda like life) Ambiance is lacking as well as a place to sit..... 6 stools at a very narrow counter inside, 2 or 3 seats outside. Dining is from Styrofoam containers and plastic forks/cheap chopsticks. Good menu.... read fast, because your next in line ! No waiter, no numbers, just walk up, order, pay and squeeze aside for the next person. Keep making eye contact with the woman behind the counter till she nods and gives you a container with your dumplings....soy and hot sauce on the counter in BIG squeeze bottles Excellent dumping's... my fav were the fried pork, the boiled shrimp and pork were very good also. price... are your serious 4 fried pork, 10 boiled shrimp, 10 boiled pork, one coke and one bottled water $8.50 Note They have a "A" health dept rating in the window...... not sure how they got it.... but if your a little squeamish about ..... well ....conditions...... move on...nothing to see here folks.... I am sure all is fine, but not all sparking chrome and stainless. Just fine tasting dumplings !
Prosperity is the ultimate "$5 Chinatown champion." $2 gets a plate of steamed thin-skin authentic dumplings; another $3 buys a mix of sesame pancake, sesame noodles, or pork fried buns. Prosperity delivers consistent satisfaction that is hard to surpass and even harder to compete. However, arrive early at all times to avoid the wait.
I'm a big dumpling fan, and I like this place. they have fresh brewed soy milk, not sure if it's brewed... it's just another good dumpling place, not made poorly nor superbly amazing; I had their dumplings and sesame sandwiches. besides that, the service was good. i would come back here anytime when around the neighborhood.
Hands down, the best and cheapest dumplings in NYC.  5 dumplings for $1!  Try and beat that!  My favorite is the pork and chive steamed dumplings.  You are required to buy $2 worth and there is usually about a 5 minute wait for them to steam, but it is so worth it.  The dumplings come out steamy and hot.  They are bursting full of flavor and the vinegar soy and siracha sauce are perfect condiments.  There is really no room to eat comfortably in the store, but there are plenty of park tables around the corner.  If you are in a rush, you can always go with the fried pork and chive dumplings which are always ready immediately.   The scallion pancake with duck is also very good if you don't mind the oiliness of it.  Just wish they would give you more filling.   *cash only*
I grew up in San Francisco, so I've eaten a lot of Chinese food, and a lot of dumplings in particular. Prosperity is easily among the best I've ever had, and they are definitely the cheapest I've ever had. I tried a lot of great food in New York, but I have to say, the restaurant that constantly comes to mind is Prosperity Dumpling. I am truly envious of all of you New Yorkers. At 5 dumplings for $1, I really don't understand how people can starve!
Came here while wandering around the Canal Street area and popped in with high expectations because, well, Yelp told me to. I ordered the sesame pancake sandwich and it's the single best Asian food item I've ever had. The bread was perfect, the vegetables were fresh and crisp, and the flavor was incredible. My husband got hot and sour soup (his favorite) and said it was "perfectly level" and not overly salty, like many other places make it. Our total purchase came to under ten dollars and really, can't be beat. I ordered dumplings to go for later but I didn't get to eat them. When I was taking the subway later a Homeless Dude asked me for change and I had none, which I told him. He looked very tired and mumbled about being hungry, so I asked him if he wanted some dumplings? Homeless Dude took the container, nibbled a tentative bite from one, and then proceeded to choke down the next four in under three minutes. I asked him if they were good before he finished and he paused mid-bite to give me the most serious nod I've ever been given. So, five stars from me, the husband, and Homeless Dude. Will definitely go back again the next time I'm in NY.
Best $2 I've ever spent. I had read the raving reviews about this place on here, and decided I needed to check it out for myself. Simply put, this place is incredible. I got the chive and pork  fried dumplings and my girlfriend decided on the sesame pancake. For the tiny sum of $2, we received 5 delicious, fresh, oily and hot dumplings and a huge fluffy, buttery pancake. What a deal! The building itself is nothing special to look at, old and slightly run-down like most of the neighboring buildings. The man behind the counter is obviously a master at what he does, taking and order, picking up packaging, scooping dumpings (the exact number for each order no less) and closing the container all in one fluid action! Will be returning to this place as soon as a can with every intention of splurging ($5 maybe!!)
Haiku #5 A hole in the wall Not all places need finesse Like this dumpling house A couple of seats Edge the wall with condiments Soy and Sriracha Dilapidated But with items super cheap A line's out the door Pork and chive dumplings Four pieces for one dollar! A poor man's heaven! Sesame pancakes Fried and doughy sandwiches Oily, but taste great So, want a cheap eat? Prosperity for wallet And for your taste buds.
Amazing landmark hole in the wall that churns our thousands of dumplings faster than you can say 'DUMP-LING'.  Incredible prices, it surprises me that these guys can churn a profit even with the sheer volume they have.  I would recommend the shrimp poached dumplings as well as the sesame flatbread (stuffed of course).  Everything is hand made in front of you, but you'll be lucky to get a seat seeing as my closet is larger than the whole restaurant. PROTIP:  Cash only.
$1 for Five Chives and Pork Fried Dumplings $2 for Ten Chives and Pork Boiled Dumplings Fresh, Hand Made, Tasty, and Affordable! The employees are super quick. Your dumplings will be served nice and hot. There is limited seating available here (about 5 bar stools and 2 small counters). You can always eat your delicious dumplings standing up or walk a block down to the nearby park. There is usually plenty of benches available.
As far as dumplings go, it's more or less the same everywhere. What earns Prosperity Dumpling an extra star is the price. They're charging 5/$1 when everywhere else is charging 4/$1. The skin is thinner here but it's not an issue for me. They have a steady business so the dumplings are always fresh. The place is a hole in the wall and old school. Just the way I like it. I was put off by Dumpling House's renovation and the raise in price.
Delicious and ridiculously inexpensive. A bit crammed, but they operate quickly to keep things moving.
If you're searching for dumplings of unquestionnable quality at bargain basement prices, look no more. Prosperity leaves you full and happy, largely because you know you've just scored a fantastic deal that will allow you to enjoy other life's pleasures. In that way, Prosperity is the ultimate enabler, and how glorious a find it is! We got some fried pork and chive, some steamed all-veg, and some frozen goodness to go ... all of which we were able to transact with whatever crumpled bills we had in our wallets (seriously, does anyone pay with cash anymore?). I only wish PD was closer to home (2 subway transfers for me), as I would patronize PD daily.
This is my favorite dumpling place in Chinatown. It is a great place to grab a cheap breakfast or a snack to go. Why didn't I hear about it sooner?? I have been going to Vanessa's Dumpling House for years until I discovered this place. The dumplings are cheaper and tastier. You can't buy much for a dollar these days, but you can get 5 dumplings for a dollar here. You got to try it!
Recently I did a dumpling tour of chinatown and stopped here to try their fried pork dumplings and they were definitely my favorite of the three spots I tried (vanessa's and tasty dumplings were the other two on the list).  This one had the perfect wrapper/pancake thickness and both the filling and the dipping sauce were tasty.  Also tried the sesame pancake.  It was ok, not amazing.  One of the pancakes with the fillings would have been a better choice.
With, at the time of this review, near 2000 reviews in total and an average 4.5 star rating, I had to check this place out.  Dumplings are around 25-cents each and up to 50-cents each, grouped in minimum orders.  For example, four pork fried dumplings are a dollar and eight shrimp boiled dumplings are two dollars.  A small wonton soup was $1.50.   Now, having given sufficient focus to the pricing, keep the following in mind.  This is in NYC and it was very, very good.  No, it's not five-star, fine dining.  But, it is gourmet of a sort and well worth the trip to Chinatown. I highly recommend it.
Absolutely delicious! This place lives up to all the hype. Crispy golden little bites of heaven. My only complaint? Ordered a cup of wonton soup and they tried to pass off their hot and sour soup for it because they were close to closing time and didn't have any wonton left. But I don't care, I came for the dumplings!
PD does it again, amazes me, for $2.25. Today, I ordered the fried pork dumplings (#4) and sesame pancake w/ vegetables (#21). I figured it was a good day to go, with a snow storm, so that I could get a seat and eat my food as fresh as possible. The fried dumplings, I thought, were as good, if not better than the boiled dumplings. Such flavorful meat in these tiny dumplings, and the two sauces they provide at the shop go perfect with it (hot chili sauce and a brown sauce). The sesame pancake is what I regretted not getting last time, so I was left with extreme curiosity. It was awesome. Amazingly soft dough, flavored with the vegetables and plenty of sesame seeds, and only $1.25. It's getting to the point where I almost feel bad paying THIS little for THAT much food. They might as well be paying me to come in and eat. But, I'll take it.
OK so after ALL the hype about this place, I finally made my way here. Fortunately I read that the dumplings though cheap, were just aight in taste so I skipped that altogether. Who needs another cheap meal (afterall, C-town is full of them) unless it's good. On this note, cheap dumplings are a plentiful in C-town... perhaps Prosperity Dumpling just got lucky on yelp. There was so much talk about the sesame pancake that it became the sole purpose of my trip (that of course and the hot soy bean drink)  Re the pancake, I guess I was expecting much more (e.g. something similar to what the korean scallion / seafood pancake) but was disappointed to find that the so-called sesame pancake was simply fried dough with sesame seeds on it. I didn't think too much of it, it tasted like plain ole bread to me. I had to add the hot sauce to it in order to make it more appetizing. Even at 75 cents, the pancake was ... let's say I would much rather spend my quarters on something else. I guess that's the end of sesame pancakes for me. The soy bean drink was pretty good. They serve it warm out of a plastic container and it was HOT. However, I doubt I'll trek all the way here just for the soy bean when I can get equally good soy bean at Kong Kee @ Grand / Elizabeth?
Cheap awesome food! I even brought home the 50 frozen one.
Super good and cheap.
The sesame pancake with peking duck was delicious. The peking duck played a minor role to the sesame pancakes. The was a crispness to the outside of the bread but somehow it was still tender and fluffy on the inside. The flavor of it without the fillings were just as yummy. The pork and chive dumplings are cheap, yummy and homemade. The dough was just the right thickness and had the nice crispness from the wok. You can't beat the price..5 for 1 dollar. They also have frozen ones, back of 50 for 9 dollars.
the realest Dumpling spot ever. Truly a gem of cheap eating and classic decor. Ate here about once a day for a while while I was broke roaming around New York. Extra proper for no scrill.
When I came here, it was hot, small & crowded but I wasn't in for long because they are QUICK and CHEAP (in a good way!) I would have enjoyed the dumplings a lot more on a cool fall or winter day. But in the crazy heat of summer, hot dumplings aren't a good idea. So, that was my own mistake. They are delicious, don't get me wrong. But I couldn't finish them as the hot container on my lap was making the sun seem much, much worse!
Super greasy but super cheap, delicious pot stickers and pancake sandwich things. The place is tiny. Don't bother trying to eat it there. The inside has a wall with maybe 4-5 stools but there are so many people pushing in to order/waiting for their food inside you will inevitably get bumped/shoved by accident while trying to eat. We saw a dude happily eating on top of the trash can outside.
I was trying to file my tax today in Chinatown and I had some time to kill between that and eating dinner.  Craving a snack, I looked up what was available in my bookmarks on my Iphone and lo and behold, Prosperity Dumplings was only about 4 blocks away from me.  Perfect.  Small bites to tide me over without ruining my appetite for dinner while checking off another place on my list. Walking over to Prosperity Dumplings, I saw the place was real small and the inside was packed with people.  I swear it looked like they were trying to break the world record to see how many people could fit into the smallest shop possible.  They might have broken it too. Deciding that I didn't want to fight my way inside and then have my face plastered on the wall, window, or someone's behind while waiting, I had a nice walk around the neighborhood and came back about 20 minutes later when it was more sane. Since all I needed was a snack, I just ordered 5 fried dumplings ($1) and 1 Sesame Pancake with Beef ($1.75).   The dumplings were very good.   The dumplings at Phoenix Chinese Restaurant  in Brooklyn is much better but it's $3.50 for 10 pieces there.  Although still cheap, it's almost double the price of the dumplings at this place.  They didn't give me any soy sauce to go though so that's something you might want to keep in mind if you happen to like having sauce on your dumplings. As other reviewers mention, the Sesame Pancake is also a must try.    There isn't much meat in the beef version and you could barely taste the meat.  It's not much of a big lost if you order the pancake without any in it and it'll save you 50 cents. Not having it won't affect how good it tastes much anyway.  The skin is slightly crispy with intense sesame taste and a little bit of scallion on the outside with a nice soft interior accented by fresh carrot slices and cilantro. All this for a grand total of $2.75.  Not bad. Dumplings: 4 stars Sesame Pancake: 4 stars Spacing: 2 stars
MAN THIS PLACE IS GOOD. It's kinda hard to find though. Best dumplings ever.
prosperity dumpling hits the spot for any dumpling craving!!! each dumpling is perfectly savory, yet still a teeny bit delicate. pork & chive will never let you down. be prepared with cash (but don't worry, you won't need more than a few bucks to eat to your heart's desire). and a warning to the starving masses: the dumplings come out piping hot so be careful! the sole reason this place is not a gleaming five star for me is that it's downright unsanitary. it's the size of a closet and has enough space to seat 4 or so people along the wall. if you get a seat, consider yourself very lucky. most people grab the food to go or stand outside using a trash can as their dining table. i have low expectations for most authentic asian restaurants in terms of service and ambiance, but this place may very well be a risk for some sort of food-borne disease. BUT IT'S SO WORTH THE RISK. :]
I always get the "You again?" look for the guy who works here but how can you go wrong with the cheapest, "open latest" dumplings on what I call "Dumpling Square"?  I usually go watch old timers play cards in Roosevelt Park while I chow down. Super chill.
cheap? = yes the best? = not even close im not sure if the majority of the reviews belong to folks who are not generally exposed to authentic chinese food, but i can list a bunch of establishments just off the top of my head tht serves up way better dumplings,  the skin was thick and so greasy, and the filling didnt even taste fresh but rather of the frozen variety.  i could barely eat one.  it really appears tht the ratings are inflated because the dumplings are cheap - but by that rationalization, are we supposed to give mcdonalds 5 stars? 1 star for the dumplings as they were a major disappointment, way way OVER-HYPED.  the pancakes (while the filling is pretty scarce) were still pretty yummy = 1 extra star...
Dare I say it, they're better than Tasty Dumpling! (whaat?! I know!) Their boiled dumplings are some of the best I've ever had.
Line here is soooo long and slow but the dumplings are sooo cheap and omg they are delicious... definitely worth the wait... again.. i hate waiting a long time for food... but again... this was another place that was actually worth it. for me it's weird to say this about dumplings since it's such an everyday food but this is seriously like the best dumplings i've ever had... i eat dumplings so often, i guess it's like saying Oh this is the best bowl of white rice i've ever had... But it's something about the dumplings here.. the doughy skin, delicious filling with hidden crunch from veggies, and the sriracha sauce i smother it in that makes it stand out and soooo mm drool good
My partner and I went here because it was the top-rated restaurant in Chinatown, NY. One look at the prices and we were already hooked: $1 for four fried dumplings. We asked for 3 orders. Plus some beef noodle soup and a ham and egg pancake. Total: $9.50 WITH leftovers! Dumplings were awesome, I liked the noodles (although not what I was expecting: soup was clear -- thought it'd be browned, but it still have flavour.) The pancake was okay as well, the dumplings are the stars. Now, keep in mind, they were sooo good because they were also CHEAP. If they were a dollar a pop, I don't think the reviews would be this raving. But given it's a hole in the wall with maybe six seats (two outside) and they keep their prices low, heck ya it deserves five stars! Cash only, don't get caught with plastic, you won't get the food.
DIRT CHEAP & YUMMY, now who doesnt like that combo?! this HOLE IN THE WALL dumpling shop will fry you up 5 DUMPLINGS FOR ONLY A BUCK.. i could barely believe the price when i was ordering! i liked the pan-fried skin of the dumplings and pork & chive filling! people come in and out of here very frequently so the turnover time of the dumplings is good! you can also buy a frozen bag for home cookin' if you're up to playing chef i'd skip the sesame pancake though.. we got it w/ pork (which isn't on the menu) but the pork wasn't too flavorful... & i've definitely had better sesame pancakes SEATING: only a couple sticky stools along the two counters with heat emanating from the kitchen.. most people opted TO-GO!
Oh yeah, I love this place. I go out of my way to get their fried dumplings because they are straight up world class. You can reach unprecedented dumpling induced foodgasms simply by dishing in $1. That's right. It's 5 pefectly seared juicy thin skinned pork and chive dumplings for $1. But if you're watching your waistline, definitely skip the aromatic stuffed sesame pancake with pork and chinese vegetables (kind of like a bahn mi, but in a fluffy bready oily sesame pancake) and the carbo-loaded noodles with pork and bean sauce (the original Chinese jajangmyun). They're so good, but you should probably go for a run afterwards. Heck, you should because it would be the best run of your life! Only complain: your breath will smell like hell for hours afterwards, so only go with super loved ones. Damn chives!
I started going here ever since it first opened right outside of my high school. It was the best place to go because it was a minute away and my friends and I were all broke. I went back recently, but left because I didn't want to wait on the insane line (it definitely got way more popular)! A dollar for 5 dumplings, what a value! The pork and chives dumplings were tasty, but like others have said, its mostly all fatty parts mixed in with some meat. If you are the type who has no heart or calorie/fat concerns then by all means, I recommend this. If you want good lean, authentic chinese pork dumplings ask an oriental friend. Its very unlikely you'll find anything but pork fat and chive dumplings at a chinese restaurant. If you are craving some porkfat and chive dumplings, might as well come here because a dollar here vs. 5.00+ elsewhere? This place is worth it! One time I found a large thin plastic object in a dumpling... I was lucky to have bitten it before swallowing, but it made me uneasy of what other objects could be minced in. After that incident I stuck with ordering hot and sour soup and a beef pancake. Their wonton soup and corn drop soups taste too much like an msg and instant mixture; not authentic chicken stock soup base. Their hot and sour soup seems to just be hot water, soy sauce and vinegar, but its never been balanced. Most of the time I have to add some vinegar/soy sauce to get the flavor I am accustomed to tasting. Their sesame pancakes are not my favorite; they are soggy and not crunchy as they are supposed to be. To me they are not as oily as some others I have tried (probably because the sogginess made it hard to distinguish). On SOME occasions, I am lucky to have my order when they are freshly making the pancakes. Seating is awful and cramped; tiny tables and stools. Don't bring friends and expect seats. Overall, I'd only recommend this place for someone who is on a tight budget. 5 dollars or less can fill your belly for a meal, but be mindful of what you are consuming.
20 dumplings and $7 later...I wish I was back in NY eating at Prosperity. Love this cheap, delicious hole-in-the-wall.
I don't have much to add to the reviews, but for what it's worth: If you're on the fence, just go. You're already reading reviews on Yelp about it, what more impetus do you need?! Also - to the person who wrote 'flavor grenades': classic description, spot on!
Shut the front door! i Would say "amazeballs" but I'm steering clear of that phrase these days. BEST DUMPS EVER.
Well damn, so i was at court for some fun stuff... NOT... but when it was all over it was around lunch time and my brother and I figured since we are already near china town why not yelp a place and try it out and even though this was one of the further walks it was well worth it. The store itself is maybe the size of a bathroom..... but the DUMPLINGS.... omg.. so cheap and so good.  4 for 1 dollar.. or 10 for 2.75...  CANT BEAT A DEAL LIKE THAT I even got the sesame pancake which was pretty much a breadstick in the shape of a pizza with sesame but it was so delicious... i couldnt believe this place was rated so high at first but then when you eat and see the price... it is definitely a good place to go. I can't wait to go back.
I do not understand the rave reviews.  I think this place is fine for cheap eats, but the quality and flavor of the dumplings do not merit 4.5 stars.  The dumplings are too doughy.  The filling (the shrimp, chicken and pork)  is not well seasoned.  I would not go there again.  I threw half of my order away.
Just incredible.  People talk about how expensive Manhattan can be but they neglect to consider the numerous amount of places around town that sell food at honest prices.  Prosperity Dumpling is about as honest as they get.  5 dumplings for $1.  4 pork fried buns for $1.  Sesame pancake $1.  All they need is a rub and a tug for $1.  The dumplings are the best I've ever had.   You're going to be right in Chinatown in a tiny little store surrounded by ravenously hungry Chinese teens, but the efforts are worth it.  All of the dumplings are either fried or boiled.  Both styles are amazing.  I think I tried about every dumpling they had.  The pork and chive fried one was my favorite I think along with the pork fried buns.  The pork fried buns is an insanely good deal.  It comes with 4 huge and delicious pork buns for $1.  You can also take frozen dumplings home at a rate of 50 dumplings for $8.  It's unbelievable.  With a place like this around, it may not even be necessary to ever hit up a sit down dim sum place.  These dumplings are the best ever and the cheapest ever.  I hope the store proves to have longevity and lives forever because I'm hooked.
I love love love love this place.  How can you not when the $1.00 stretches far here.  For less than $5.00 you can easily order up two meals.  $1.00 for five pork chive dumplings (fried), $1.75 for a sesame pancake with pork, and $0.75 for water.  So double up and take it home! I've tried a lot of things on the menu, and the fried pork dumplings and the sesame pancake with pork are among my favorites.  The noodles with meat sauce (ja jiang mein) or beef with noodles are not worth the $3.00 and you could probably fulfill that craving at Vanessa's dumpling down the street.   The place is small, but there are a few, and I really do mean a few, stools that you can sit and eat at -- but most stand outside the shop and eat their delicious treats. So give your wallet a break and your taste buds a thrill ride -- this is one great hole in the wall that I find myself revisiting again and again! Happy Eating!
Great dumplings (as I've said in my previous review), but the guy who serves you is pretty disgusting. He coughs and wipes his snot on his sleeve. Then horks up a loogie and spits it into a napkin while simultaneously collects money and serves you food. Gross.
Dumplings are delicious and the prices unbeatable!! AAA sign at door. A must go when you're in China Town. Be ready to take to go, you cannot eat in here, it's tiny and you'll be eating next to the trash can. They also sell frozen dumplings so grab some dozens to go. Fried pork are the best.
dumpling good, fresh and cheap. the balance of crisp and chewy really is awesome. i dont understand why people have to complain for the lack of seating when they can get their stomach filled for a dollar! even the halal chicken guy who clearly doesnt have seating doesnt have anything substantial to offer you for a dollar. im curious to try the sesame pancake with beef now.
Awesome sesame pancake. Can't beat the price. Pretty much have to do carry out.
I was working around the area today and decided try out probably the most popular dumpling shop in Chinatown. As most Yelpers have said, this is a great place for fast and cheap eats. My meal cost me exactly $3.50 for a small hot and sour soup and two orders of the pan fried dumplings. Dumplings were very good. Nice bottom crust on the outside and the filling bursting with flavor. The hot and sour soup was okay. Pretty typical, but filled me up good. The only two things stopping me from giving them five stars is: 1) Foam containers. 2) Very greasy. I could understand the greasiness but I thought Bloomberg had banned them foam containers? But overall, I definitely would come back for the melted foam on my dumplings!...yes...yes indeed.
Great cheap dumplings. They tasted great 4 for $1 was worth the walk finding the place. I love these small hidden gems in the city.
Five dumplings for $1. Let's be clear. You CANNOT beat Prosperity Dumpling - in either price or flavor. Other dumpling places shouldn't even try. It's like trying to beat Superman in a race around the world - where you're on foot. Or fighting a hundred-thousand pound kangaroo - with a toothpick. Or challenging Wile E. Coyote to actually catch the Roadrunner - without ACME's help. You just aren't going to win. Not only are dumplings only five for $1, but you can order ahead of time in bulk! As I'm on the social committee at work, we wanted to do something to help celebrate the Lunar New Year (albeit, belatedly). Somehow, we came up with the brilliant idea of ordering dumplings for the office - specifically Prosperity Dumplings (because I wouldn't tolerate anything less). Cut to me hailing a cab to take three HUGE boxes to the office. They were filled to the brim with 500 dumplings, 50 sesame pancakes, and all the fixings - for only $160. Yes. Only $160. Ridonkulous, isn't it? Don't you kind of wish you were my coworker now? tl;dr - Five dumplings for $1. Cheap option for office parties, but no delivery. CASH only.
I swear that I'm not trying to be a troll, but I don't understand the hype.  I'm a big dumpling fan, but these just tasted like oniony mush inside a thin wrapper.  The closest comparison I can make is that these dumplings taste like those they sell in the freezer section at Costco.  I didn't even want to finish eating them (and I'm never one for wasting a dumpling).  What do people see in these dumplings?  Is it merely that they are cheap?  Oh well... I also tried the sesame pancake which (after the poor dumplings) tasted better, but still not great. I would however, go back and try the pancake with a meat filling. I'm willing to give this place a second chance just due to the overwhelming positive reviews I'm reading here.
Best place to get dumplings in the city, hands down. Better than Vanessa's imho because the dumpling skins are thinner. Prosperity recently went a dumpling down for $1 so it's now 4 for your buck but still a steal and worth the line that strings out the door! Absolutely my favorite little hole in the wall in Manhattan!
Not much to say that hasn't been said, fast, cheap, tasty food.  I personally love the sesame pancakes with duck or egg, both are awesome.  Don't expect friendly service or lots of elbow room, grab your food and head to the park nearby and enjoy(only during the day though since the rats around here are very "friendly" at night
Did I just feed four people for breakfast for a measly $12? Oh, yes I did! I used my broken Chinese to order dumplings and beef-filled sesame pancakes - service was fast and efficient. The pork and chive dumplings (both boiled and fried) did not disappoint. I really wanted to try some more items on the menu, but felt a little rushed in the ordering process and was too embarrassed to try to use my Chinese some more. I'm sure I could've spoken English and they would've understood, but it's a bit of a stressful ordering situation if you don't know exactly what you want when you walk in the door - but that's New York for you.
Veggie sesame pancakes 1.25! Shredded beef sesame pancakes 1.75! Lunch for two is done for under $4.00! Dumplings are authentic and there are lots of menu options, including wonton soup! It's the real deal in New York City. Size of a tiny NYC apartment, it can get crowded and the wait long but the line moves fast and it's a must try if you never have been before.
1 dollar. 4 dumplings. Fried and served hot with dipping sauce. Enough said. Let's face it. No one is coming to Prosperity for the ambiance or haute cuisine. What you do get, though, is fresh, hot, quick food that is some of the cheapest eats in all of New York. I've never tried their other offerings besides dumplings, but they seem pretty popular and tasty as well. Bottom line: Some other dumpling houses may try to pass themselves as the top of the crop, but Prosperity is unmatched.
WYSIWYG! 14 fresh dumplings for $3.75. They make 'em right before your eyes. Tasty and very much a bargain.
I love these little hole in the wall dumpling spots in C-town.  I'm not sure if Prosperity really stands out from the others, but it's good nonetheless.  You can buy a bag of frozen dumplings here and take them home - they freeze really well and taste great when you cook them. I was here recently just before closing time.  They only had some fried pork dumplings left, which they gave to us for whatever change we could grab from our pockets - I thought that was really sweet.  Extra star for being charitable in New York City. The dumplings weren't bad - they were fresh, hot, and greasy.  I usually order steamed or boiled dumplings so I wasn't prepared for the greasiness. The best part about this place (and other dumplings spots) is the pricelist - everything is between 1-3 dollars.  Cheaper and tastier than a lot of fast food joints - what's better than that?  There are quite a few other items on the menu - soups, porridges, noodles, pancakes so you can have a complete meal here for around 4-5 dollars.
Okay, I came to this place based on a coworker's recommendation.  It's a hole in the wall.  My first thought...damn it, really...I walked 70 blocks for this???  I really need to ask my white coworker if he had problems ordering! I stayed positive and proceeded to walk in. Dumpling lady:  Started speaking in Mandarian.  I had no idea what she said to me.  I know I'm asian, but I only speak Cantonese.  I was pretty sure she asked me what I wanted. Me: Sorry, I don't speak Chinese.  # 6 & 7 please. Dumpling lady: Continues to speak to me in Mandarin. Me: Turn to the lady waiting at the counter...excuse me, can you order for me? Counter lady: Just point to what you want.  I don't speak Mandarin either. Me:  Great, thanks!  That works.  I pointed to the menu. Dumpling lady:  Puts her finger on the wall menu and reads out loud in Mandarin. Me:  So confused.  And I just wait and hope she got what I wanted. Like the other reviewers said...5 dumplings for $1.  I can't complain.  It actually tasted pretty good. My recommendation.  Get the fried dumplings.  The steamed ones are healthier, but they don't taste as good.  Come on....we all know fried is better!  I would definitely come here again next time I am in NYC to support my asian dumpling lady that can't speak a lick of English.  She was very nice!
This is my favorite dumpling place in Chinatown.  $1 for 5 dumplings - what more do you want in life?  I used to go here almost everyday for lunch when I worked nearby.  How I miss having a cheap dumpling place near where I work! It's a straightforward place with very efficient service.  You go into the tiny restaurant, place your order with the ladies at the counter (yes, they understand English), wait a bit, get your order, then pay.  There are a few chairs there if you want to sit and eat, as well.  And don't forget to add vinegar and hot sauce.
Prices went up! Used to be 5 dumplings/$1 but now it's 4/$1. Doesn't matter though - still ridiculously cheap. Be warned this place is TINY - definitely a grab and go kind of place.
I have a serious sesame pancake obsession! Fork over the extra buck or two, don't miss out on these!
Saw all the great review, but this place is gross.. No wonder the dumplings are so cheap...would not go here again..
I absolutely love this place. Amazing find via yelp. Hole in the wall tiny place in Chinatown that serves CHEAP, delicious dumplings. Cash only, fast moving line, know what you want before you get up there. The number of dumplings vary from order to order but the $1 fried pork and chive dumplings is for 4. I also got the pork and chive boiled dumplings in broth, which was about 8, and had soup inside the dumplings. DELICIOUS. Seriously I have to come back to this place. It was like Asian soul food. Comfort food at its finest. I also tried a duck pancake, which was alright. It was good, but keep with the dumplings. I'll be back if I'm ever in New York again!
Yes. This is what Chinese food is all about.  As a kid I remembered the hands of my grandma and mom making dumplings.  They would knead the dough, roll out the skins, mix the meat and tenderly place the meat into the dough until they were pockets of deliciousness.  These dumplings bring me back to those times. With so many frozen dumpling establishments now, you never know what is truly fresh and what is processed.  Prosperity Dumpling brings back all those warm and fluffy feelings of a home with your grandma behind the kitchen.  You actually see these dedicated ladies making dumplings everyday in the back.  They're amazing women! The skin has a great chewy texture while the pork and chives are soft and juicy.  The sesame cake is great too! Full of fragrant sesame flavor with a crunch. The prices here are also truly reflective of people who want to share their culture and food.  Everything is so inflated from their actual value these days, it's so refreshing to see something of great quality that's also affordable.
I know it hasn't even been that long since I last reviewed Prosperity Dumpling, but I'm just so ecstatic that I can't not review them and tack on that extra star I had taken from them last time. Today I was in charge of getting lunch for the office. There were only 4 of us eating today. I called up Andy R. and was told to get food that was dumplingy, soupy, meaty, spicy, etc. Basically anything that was cheap, satisfying and most importantly warming because it was so cold. I don't think Andy R. was quite expecting what I brought back. I decided to buy everything that was requested. Dumplingy: 4 x #4 (5 Fried Dumplings) = $4 Soupy: 4 x #1 (Hot and Sour Soup) = $4 Meaty: 2 x #18 (Fried Pork Buns) = $2 Spicy: 2 packs of Sriracha = $0 Total: $10 I fed 4 hungry guys today for a total of $10 ladies and gentlemen. Where else in the world can you possibly feed 4 people, let alone big hungry guys, with not a cent over a crisp Alexander Hamilton $10 bill? Well alright maybe I can think of one other place but that's for me to know. Since I had already written a review for Prosperity Dumpling before, all the information is there. Therefore I feel no need to reiterate the awesomeness of this dumpling house. What I did learn since last time was that its much easier to order like a non-Chinese person and just slowly say "fawww numba faww, fawww numba wun, tooooo numba ayyteen." It worked so much better. Haha, it's not racist if it's my own culture! Just come here and enjoy the cheapest dumplings around.
Tried this place based on recommendation from a friend. True the prices are dirt cheap... especially for food in NYC.. but flavor, cleanliness, and just overall taste is so overrated. I ordered the cabbage and pork steam dumplings (10 in one order) and the sesame sandwich with pecking duck. The dumpling skins were thick... which I didn't mind, but the flavor was lacking. Definitely needed seasoning and more cabbage.. it was loaded with meat and didn't have a nice balance. The sesame pecking duck wasn't too bad just that the duck meat was dry and had no flavor. Total rip off even though it was only 1.25. I've definitely tried better and would recommend that if you did go there..try not to have any high expectations. Also, it's a to-go kind of place so don't expect tables or chairs.. they have some but they are like bar style with stools.
I have been going to Prosperity Dumpling since '09. I use to attend school in the neighborhood and when I was running low on cash, I always knew I could have a filling meal that is very inexpensive. This dumpling house is a hole in a wall, very easy to miss restaurant. A few stool seats available. But extremely tiny. I would usually go early before the crowds because you'll be waiting on line outside if you just bump into the rush! Popular dish on the menu is the pork and chive dumplings! It use to be 5 for  $1.00 back in 2009, but now it is 4 for $1.00 :(. Now that I got that out of the way, I want to explain why I switched my review and why this place has gone downhill. First off, it smells like human or animal SH#T! The dumplings have gotten smaller and you get less of them than a couple of years ago. They really need to expand! Again, the place has a foul smell. I know it is cheap and it may taste great, but why does it smell like gross foul doggy feces mixed with horse manure?! WHY?! It leaves your breath and excrement from bowel movement to smell really bad! Never will I poison my body with this dog food, garbage ever again!
No longer 5 dumplings for $1!!!! Now 4 dumplings for $1. damn. still cheaper than anywhere else though.
It is one of the simple pleasures of my food addled brain to be able to taste such delights from a store that many would think twice of walking into. After the friendly grunt and shove service you can obtain 5 delicious pork dumplings for the grand sum of $1. That would be great if the dumplings were average, these are not average. They are drool worthy parcels of plump, pork, perfection.
3 stars for the food, but 5 stars for the price! You could completely fill yourself up for under $10 and, depending on how you chose, maybe $5!! There are narrow counters on both sides of the very tiny front area where you can eat, but I think it's better for take-out. Crowded & noisy & busy, tho the staff was friendly.
So cheap and so filling!! Went at around 9 with two girlfriends and it was still packed! I spent $3 and I have leftovers to eat for lunch tomorrow. They really have the key to making super good dumplings!
Don't expect to be able to eat here! The shop front is about 8'x8' - just enough room to order and go. There are counter stools and a small bar on each side but if you are able to snag a seat like I did you will constantly have people reaching over you for napkins, soy sauce and sriracha. The dumplings are great. Fabulous if you consider that they're 4 for $1. Definitely the best tasting, most economical meal I had in NYC. While they only had vegetable dumplings steamed on the menu, I asked for fried and they were happy to accommodate. The vegetable pancake was also interesting. The bread was a sesame pita type of thing that had been fried, sliced open and stuffed. Mine had shredded carrots and cilantro. Once I dumped soy, dumpling sauce and sriracha inside, it was fine. For $1.25, I was happy.
I'm a fiend for dumplings. Whenever I try a new place, I dissect the goods on offer: (first) take off the skin and eat without sauce; (second) eat the meat without sauce; (third) eat the next dumpling whole, meat and skin combined, without sauce; (fourth) pour some black vinegar into a spoon and taste it; (fifth) pour some sriracha into a spoon and taste it; (sixth) try a whole dumpling with black vinegar; (seventh) try a whole dumpling with sriracha; (eighth) try a whole dumpling with combined equal parts of black vinegar and sriracha. I always ask for an order of fried dumplings with pork and cabbage, which are served immediately, and then while I'm eating those (using the above mentioned means of critique and analysis) I order a batch of boiled dumplings with pork and cabbage, and when these are ready I pretty much follow the same obsessive tasting procedure. I don't care if I look retarded. I want to understand what I'm eating. And to me dumplings are a thing of delicate beauty... After a few attempts, I have to say, unfortunately, that Prosperity Dumpling just isn't the place for me. The dough is nice and thin, but it's time and time again entirely too mealy, as if the flour they use isn't thoroughly or properly mixed with water in preparation. And the meat and chives are way too finely ground, making the filling sort of fluffy and crumbly and unnecessarily greasy. The final product is just really boring to me. Their fried sesame pancake had plain is great, pretty much on the same level as Vanessa's up the street, but when ordered with vegetables and/or beef the end result is bland, limp, colorless and chewy. They understand English, which is nice. And there's, thankfully, a nice mix of actual Chinese people who come here to eat, in addition to the frequent stream of tourists and undergraduates. But the employees can be a little rude and pushy and sloppy when it comes to cleaning the floors and counters -- just be extremely careful not to slip, and make sure nothing falls off their cleaning rags unto your plate! 2 stars for the atmosphere & environment & food + 1 star for the price.
I'm reviewing this as a person who doesn't really know much about dumplings and don't really have anything to compare this to. Came here mostly because of the buzz with 1200+ reviews on Yelp while still have 4.5 stars. I mean, C'MON. I must say, I bought $2 worth the first day of my stay in NYC and ended up leaving with 150 frozen dumplings to take home the last day in addition to the 15 steamed dumplings my boyfriend got for the road back to Virginia for $30. We were only in NYC 3 days, & my boyfriend was already whining that we had to go back after the first day. We both don't know much about dumplings, but we know that this place makes them well and super cheap. Plus, they open at 7:30AM! You can just stuff your face as soon as you wake up. And it's literally a hole in the wall. If I build a kitchen in my closet right now, I'm sure I could recreate the store's front with the 6-8 bar stools on either side of the wall. As for cleanliness, I don't know. But who cares?! Their giant A grade inspection sign on their window says they're good! NOW JUST TAKE MY MONEY AND GIVE ME MY DUMPLINGS!
We walked down Eldridge, doubtful as to whether we would find this place, not knowing what sort of exterior to expect.  But suddenly, there it was...this bright yellow canopy - "Prosperity Dumpling".  We hurtle through the doors only to be stopped abruptly by the sheer smallness of the space within.  The gentleman manning the window smiled and asked me in Mandarian "What would you like?"  After overcoming my initial shock, I composed myself and over-ordered as per usual - 5 $1 dollar dumplings (Pork & Chive) and 20 $2 dumplings (boiled, pork & chive). As an afterthought, I ordered a large Hot & Sour soup ($2 for 4 servings).  There were two of us and this was only supposed to be a snack. We were just there for the dumplings - SOOOO good.  My husband was slightly turned off by the dive-ness of the place but I was already elbow deep in pork and hot & sour soup.  Best dumplings ever!
Best dumplings that I have ever tried!  They are very fresh and have a crispy fried dough with tasty amount of meat inside each dumpling! The service is very quick and friendly. This place has everything from noodles to pancakes and dumplings(frozen,steam or fried).
This place is tiny. And there's only one table (or two, I can't remember) to sit down so your best bet is to find some steps. BUT the scallion pancakes are beyond amazing. And cheap!
People can gripe all they want about the "quality of the dumpling", but there isn't much difference. What really matters is that they come out HOT and that they are CHEAP. 5 stars for satisfying my dumpling craving. And frozen dumplings to bring home are SO worth it!
Hole-in-the-wall dumpling joint. I would recommend that you bring all of your guests visiting from out-of-town to this spot because it will 1) impress them of your knowledge of hard to find spots in the city and 2) impress them of how cheap NYC can really be and 3) the food is phenomenal. All wins! I strongly recommend the pork and chives pan fried dumplings. They are 4 for a dollar - how much cheaper can they get? Downside: very little seating area in the shop (about 5 chairs in total) and if you do end up finding an empty seat the shop gets ridiculously hot because of the constant cooking. Instead I recommend grabbing your food to go and eating in the nearby park on between Forsyth and Christy St.
I wish we had cheap dumplings like this in the Bay Area. We only tried the fried Chive and Pork Dumplings, but they were really yummy! I was surprised that they were really flavorable and crisp on the bottom even though the restaurant is a tiny hole in the wall. With some dipping sauce and sriracha these dumplings are the perfect snack!
These dumplings are the best my family have tasted. The only drawback is there are very few spots inside restaurant to sit and enjoy the food. However I would go again and again as food was terrific, inexpensive, and place had character.
Prosperity Dumpling is a bit further away from the tourist centric part of Chinatown which is a good thing. This place is tiny as it is, no need to get it any more crowded than it already is. Although it's a little further out of the way for me than Fried Dumpling down on Mosco, it's definitely worth the trek. Prosperity's dumplings have far less excess skin which coupled with the filling makes for a much better balance than the dumplings found at most other $1 dumpling spots. It makes for an extremely cheap and quick meal that's more than filling when you get more than $2 worth. Add this together with $0.75 sodas and you can hardly believe the deal you just got. If you're strapped for cash like so many people have suggested. You can easily keep yourself surviving for quite some time with $20 here.
UMMM. I walked a MILE AND A HALF today to get to these babies. Even though it was like 20 degrees out. And I couldn't really feel my hands by the time I got there. But God damn it, I'm poor and I had errands to run in that vague-ish direction anyways. For $3.50 I was so full I wanted to die. 10 of the greatest fried pork dumplings ever (honestly I've never had better at any price... the inside is just so friggin' juicy and delicious), and a sesame pancake with beef. Which I greedily devoured while standing in the corner with the bottle of hot sauce. It's just so tasty and cheap. Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night craving these cheap-ass dumplings. Only thing is... there's about three square feet of standing space in that store. So be prepared to get hit by the door/walked into/bumped around if it's busy. But it's so worth it!!!
Best value for the best dumplings!  It might be off the beaten path, but well worth the trip.
$1 for 5 crispy pockets of pork/chive heaven.  unbeatable.
Super cheap and super good! This place is so hidden! I wish we had something like this in LA. I would be fat and jolly all year long! I want some dumplings right now thinking of this place. I hope this place last and make a franchise and go all over the states selling $1 dumplings! I want me some cheap dumplings!
Cheap as chips. $3 for 8 boiled vegetable dumplings which are smashing. Best eaten in the adjoining Sara Roosevelt park where, if you time it right, you might get to feel like the whitest person alive. Also, just because it's cheap doesn't mean you should triple your consumption, New York. Holy hell.
Um, the dumplings here are crazy good and crazier cheap. Like laughably cheap: $2.50 for ten dumplings. In New York, it would've been more likely that you'd get 2.5 dumplings for $10, but no. I ordered the pork and chive standard set of 10. We actually snagged two of the coveted three seats in the ridiculously small space, so the dumplings were still piping hot when we ate them. Topped with some soy sauce or sriracha, they are all meaty, gooey, runny goodness. In my opinion, though, the sesame pancake was a bit much. Remember Pizza Hut? Remember their incredibly greasy, stomach-ache inducing but kinda awesome crust? (Also, side note, remember Book It?) Yeah, the sesame pancake reminded me a bit of pizza hut's crust, but it was JUST the crust. Kinda tasty at first but after a few bites you're lulled into a bit of a greasy stupor, and trust me, there's no room in this shop to take a nap.
Quite possibly the cheapest food that can be found in the confines of the 5 boroughs of New York City.  My lunch of 10 pork and chive dumplings and a sesame pancake came to a total of $2.75.  And the food was actually decent.  I still have no idea how they can afford to pay rent at these prices which are noticeably lower than the street vendors.   Seating is limited to two especially narrow counters.  I can't imagine more than 4 people eating in this place at the same time.  The assumption with any order is that it is to-go unless you state otherwise.  Be careful though.  With the dumplings for example, they are kind of starchy; so when they are locked into a styrofoam container while hot, they will adhere to each other and form one giant coagulated dumpling by the time you get to wherever you are going.  The flavors are largely preserved though, so not much is lost.  The sesame pancake was fine, but otherwise not noteworthy. Highly recommend for the budget conscious, or those wanting to stop for a quick bite.  It is one of the gems of Chinatown, so you will eventually make your way there at some point.  Enjoy.
Been on a dumpling craze recently and these are not only the best bang for your buck (10 for $2, the frugal side of me practically died of pure bliss) but also the tastiest! I got the boiled pork and chive dumplings. Simple, straightforward, the most common Chinese dumpling. PERFECT skin to meat ratio. Tasty, flavorful meat. In each dumpling, there is a little bit of pork broth, not enough to qualify it as a soup dumpling though. Each bite is moist, tender, and bursting with flavor. Absolutely sublime. Place is a hole in the wall, beat up, mismatched stools but really, you don't need to be dining in luxury to enjoy these dumplings. In fact, the run down element of the store provides a sharp contrast to their tasty dumplings and confirms that you can encounter delicious food in less than glamorous surroundings. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Wow. I really thought that this place couldn't possibly be as impressive as the reviews would indicate, but when I am wrong, I am wrong.  The dumplings here really are spectacular - we had the Chives and Pork Fried Dumplings, which were so good that we took 50 frozen ones home (at $8 a bag, what a bargain - and they hold up incredibly well if you first pan fry, then steam, then pan fry again at home).   The fried pork buns were tasty and made to order, and the sesame pancake with beef was quite savory and more delicate than I expected.  The one real miss was the wonton soup.  I'm not terribly squeamish, but I admit that the whole dried shrimp floating in a lackluster broth was not really what I had in mind. This is a place to eat and run - it's incredibly cheap and basically just a stand with a couple of chairs.  The lack of atmosphere is a kind of atmosphere in itself, and frankly, with dumplings this good, we didn't miss the fuss.   I recommend stopping here as the first stop on your afternoon chinatown meal journey.
I went back today and bought 3 orders of pork and chives fried dumplings ($3) to share with my bf. I went around 3pm and there was no line and hence no wait. The dumplings were yummy and I didn't have a hair in my food this time so I gave this experience 5 stars.
My boyfriend could not stop talking about sheng jian bao (friend pork bao) the entire time we were visiting Chinatown so I searched the web for the place to go and found Prosperity Dumpling. It's a hole in the wall establishment and the main room was the size of a walk-in closet. I appreciated the mom and pop feel so even though it was kind of grimy and stuffy, I did not mind it. The sheng jian bao was amazing. It was my first time having it but my boyfriend swear it's the best he has tasted outside of Shanghai. Kudos!
In the battle of Eldridge St dumpling houses, Prosperity Dumpling takes the crown.  After a cold stroll down Eldridge St and a mediocre stop at Vanessa's Dumplings, we stopped at Prosperity Dumpling and squeezed our way into the packed restaurant.  We ordered some fried pork & chive dumplings and a sesame pancake with beef.  The dumplings were crispy on the bottom and had a nice thin dough.  There was even some juice inside that squirted out!  The sesame pancake was delicious too!  The place is quite cramped with only about 4 seats at a counter, but the food is well worth it.  And you cant beat the price of 5 for $1 and $1.75 for the beef pancake.
The best in Chinatown. Quick, convenient, cheap and tasty. That's all the qualities dumplings should have. Should I need to say more?
Fast, efficient, cheap and delish. Don't skip the sesame bread. My BF and I both ate for about $6 total.
A couple weeks have passed now and I'm still craving for these dumplings!  The dumplings here will never compare to the dumplings here in California! Anyway, we ordered basically the whole menu and our total was under 13 dollars. We ordered: -sweet sour soup -egg and corn soup -noodle and won ton soup -fried dumplings -steamed dumplings - 2 sesame pork sandwiches -one can of fanta! So cheap and so good. The service there is really good for being a whole in the wall place.
I had such a bad attitude about Prosperity Dumpling because of all the hype and because as an inveterate West Side grrl, traveling this far east makes me feel weird inside. But I was so pleasantly surprised by this place! The veggie dumplings were really delicious and obviously super cheap. The service was extremely fast and all the condiments you would want to accompany a scrumptious dumpling meal were available. All in all, a fun and memorable experience that you should try not to miss out on!
I stopped by here briefly and tried only the sesame pancake, which has scallions cooked into it. I'd never tried it before so can't comment on whether it's the best, but I loved it! It is doughy and much like a slice of pizza, except it has a sesame and scallion taste to it. Did I mention it was just $.75?
Dumplings taste really good when they're only 4 for $1!
there is nothing more to say or read about this place. just go.
I would have to agree with all the outstanding reviews about this place. My girl and I walked all the way from financial district to get there. Luckily no one was really there on a Monday around 2pm. We ordered the shrimp dumplings fried 10 for $2 and the vegetables and pork steamed for the same price. I will definitely go back anytime I'm around Chinatown. The veggie sesame cake was ok..little oily. The hot and sour soup was delish for the cheap price. The 2 of us were satisfied with our meal and a diet coke for $7!!
SO good! The dumplings are always fresh and ridiculously cheap. The place definitely looks like a hole in the wall (with minimal seating), but the food is delicious. Highly recommended.
So cheap and so good! There are no tables to sit, and the place is really tiny. Got there a little before twelve and the line was little. The fried pork dumplings are the best, tastier than the boiled! Got my order and went to a park some blocks away from there to devour the delicious dumplings.
Alright after Wing L. brought me to another dumpling place not too far from this one, he brought me to this one to continue our eating mission. Took him long enough because every time we're in this area he would mention Prosperity Dumpling, but haven't had the chance to take me here until today. So this dumpling place is a hole in the wall. It did not have any fancy door front with a large seating area with tables and seats with backs. All they had was an awning, a few stools, and counter tables against the wall, which was totally fine because sometimes the greatest things comes in less attractive packaging. This place was not crowded, but it did have a few customers. The wait was not too long. The dumplings were very crispy and juicy - so juicy that it leaked down Wing's hand haha. The dumpling skin is thin, which is the way how I like dumplings done. I wished I knew about this place earlier because now I felt I've been deprived all this time eating dumplings elsewhere. And it's also $1 for 5 dumplings here! Must come back for another run of dumplings!
Seriously?! This is amazing. The taste, quality and to top it off the price! The two of us ate dumplings for $5.50! An order of Chive and Pork for her and Shrimp for me. This is a must for a quick satisfying and filling lunch. The place is small so there is a chance you may not be able to eat there (6 seats total) so plan to take it with you just in case.
BARGAIN. You really should not be paying more than 50 cents per dumpling (max!!!) in any reasonable establishment.  Of course, we live in New York, so we often forego what is reasonable and pay beyond what much food is worth.  Thankfully, Prosperity Dumpling allows us to momentarily drift back into the realm of reason and common sense with their $1 for 5 dumplings, while enjoying a tasty meal courtesy of one of the best deals in the city. I still find that the dumpling skins are still a bit thicker than to my liking, but for what you pay and the fact that they are nice and piping hot (often) to order, I'm not going to complain. Don't miss out on the soy milk (hot or cold, up to you!) and the pancakes that everyone has been raving about.  It's not something that will turn dear old grandma's head, but it's still delicious and an overwhelmingly good deal.  I'm just irritated by the fact that I have to transfer more than once to get there.
Dirt cheap. You can walk out with a whole meal for $4. The sesame pancake things are awesome and cost a dollar, or may even be  .50!
Hands down the best fried and boiled dumplings that I have had in my life. I have had dumplings from over 35+ restaurants including from Chinatown's in Houston and Dallas. For the price, you just can't be it. Don't forget to try to the soups and other appetizer menu's. Must go to, if your visiting in NY.
The original. The size of a closet with a wooden tray for a cash register. While I will admit Vanessa's makes a mean Sesame Beef bun, I'd come to Prosperity over Vanessa's for dumplings any day. The difference, besides the obvious size of the establishment (and the noticeable lack of decor of any kind in Prosperity...which kind of makes the ambiance for me)  and the extra dumpling you get at Prosperity, is the clientele itself. Vanessa's serves the Soho crowd; tourists & rich white people who loudly congratulate themselves on trying something out of their comfort zone. Prosperity serves the neighborhood kids their lunch everyday. I'd go with the latter, thank you. The turnover is higher despite the smaller size, and anyone complaining about the grease misses the point of fried dumplings....They cook these things on simple metal sheets the size of ancient shields, moving the white hot pans around on top of burners the size of jet engines with nothing but a wet towel and kettle to scoop the oil out with. That's skill. They have Cpack jumps of frozen dumplings for sale as well. Either $10 or $11, I forget. The dumpling house on 8th avenue and 44th street in Sunset Park no longer shares the name, btw. I don't know if this was another franchise or a straight ripoff or what, I don't ask questions...
Don't order the shrimp dumplings unless you want to pay more and wait longer for an inferior product to add insult to injury. The experience was charming enough, with the brusque service and the staffer using a broom to brush trash off the floor and into  customers whose shoes turned into dustpans. The sesame pancake was another part of the wait, but the fresh batch was worth it, albeit not as good as nor quick as Vanessa's. Should've gone fried pork & chive to save my money, time, and tastebuds.
I love cheap food, but the absolute filth of this place is horrifying. There is garbage everywhere and the guy taking my order was definitely sick and wiping his nose on his sleeve and sneezing into his bare hand which he used to touch food. I am surprised I allowed myself to even eat this food. Less then 48 hours later I am now feeling sick trying to not convince myself it is from this disgusting hole in the wall in Chinatown. I had an entire 2nd order leftover, but threw it away....thinking it's contaminated with illness.  If you want really dirt cheap food and don't care at all that you may get sick, or about the working conditions of this workers, then go here! For me, this was my 2nd and last time.
Definitely my kind of DUMP. We walked into Prosperity Dumpling probably with a maximum capacity of 5 customers. The cool thing we noticed later on walking pass this shop was the STEAMY windows at one point in time. It definitely makes for more curiosity as to what's happening behind those windows. As most have noted, the prices make it feel like you're paying in Chinese RMB. Definitely perfect Snacks of choice and when purchased in bulk can make for an inexpensive Meal. Watching the handful of Women in the back doing the assembly line of tasks in the open-kitchen provides that comfort feeling that real people making good clean food for customers. Inexpensive pricing doesn't always translate to good bite-size savoury Dumplings but in this case they definitely seasoned everything quite well while I tend to enjoy the Chives & Pork Boiled Dumplings(10/$2.00) more so than the Fried(5/$1.00) version. I prefer the slight CHEWY bite of the wrap than the crunch of the Fried.
Again, another one of my favorite spots in New York that not only tastes good but also takes it easy on your wallet.. Only $3 got me a generous cup of Hot & Sour Soup as well as 10 boiled Pork & Chive Dumplings.. Another dollar got our group a huge slice of Sesame Pancake that was well split between 5 people.. My friends all got similar things and all were really surprised by the prices and taste.. Again, this restaurant is that perfect storm of quality, quantity and affordability.. The unstoppable (and always jam packed) perfect storm..
I am convinced they cut back any and all extraneous expenses in the effort to pass maximum savings onto the diner! OMG! How low can you go, Prosperity? Good ass dumplings, sesame pancakes, and buns for dang cheap! In exchange, you will have maximum difficulty conveying your order to the man behind the counter and you must order to go unless you enjoy small, unappetizing environments, but nevertheless ... Go for the Cheap Ass Tasty Fresh Dumplings ... Perfect for this economic climate.
I gave prosperity five stars due to its price for quality of food. There is no way you can beat the price, you cannot get much for a dollar now and days but for one dollar you can get four dumplings. They are decently good, kind of dry at times but still pretty decent since it only costs one dollar. The pork pancake sandwich is very good, it is a must try, it is kind of greasy but overall it taste good. I recommend you try this place, definitely one of the best cheap eats in NYC.
The shop is classic, feeling like old days in China. Dumplings are great in portion. 8 pcs of dumpling really fill me. The fried one is better, and I would really like to try the duck sesame sandwiches next time I go there.
I was literally hooked on their fried pork dumpling 2 summers ago.  There were times when I consumed about $5 worth of dumplings in a day (don't judge)  They're so juicy and oh so so delightful.  And the price is even better.  5 dumplings for $1.  I also like their fried pork buns but they don't always have them.  I personally don't like their vegetable dumplings because theyre bland and they are only available steamed.
Went here, spent $9 for myself and my lady and we both left FULL. I was tripping out that you can go in here with a DOLLAR and come out with a box of dumplings. People were packing the small space the entire time we were there. Saw them cutting the seafood pancake and wanted to try it, but never made it back unfortunately! Will have to get back soon.
So I've been wanting to go to one of these little NYC gems for a while, and not too long ago I finally got the chance. My boyfriend had been to Vanessa's before, and wanted to try something new. I've had this place bookmarked for months, so I suggested it and he agreed. This place is tiiiiiny. It was also packed. People sitting all over the place (there are like 4 seats in the entire joint.) It was cramped to say the least. And come on, we're in NY, people weren't polite while you were waiting. I got stepped on multiple times. Oh well. We snagged 20 dumplings, 10 steamed pork and 10 steamed shrimp. We also ordered 2 Peking duck sesame pancakes minus cilantro. I'm one of those people who think cilantro tastes like soap, and they had no problem keeping it off my delicious treat! All of this, plus a bottle of water, cost about $10. Are you kidding?! How could you go wrong? My boyfriend and I sat in his car and scarfed down these pancakes in mere minutes. For $2 a pop they were insanely delicious and filling. We brought the dumplings home to LI with us. The dumplings were also scrumptious! We just learned that we should get the dumplings fried instead of steamed, if bringing them home, because they became on giant dumpling, not that I'm complaining. This place is awesome, cheap, and delicious. If you're a dumpling freak like me, this is your place!
4.5 stars... You've got to give at least 4 stars to any place that serves hot fresh tasty food for as low as $1. You can get a complete meal here for anywhere between $2-5. Five fried pork dumplings will set you back $1 ($2 for 10 steamed vege dumplings) while a huge slice of a puffy sesame pancake is .75 cents. The place is tiny, other than the kitchen there are only 5 stools crammed in a 6x6' (or so) space. The menu is also pretty small but you're probably not coming here for a full Chinese sit down meal but rather a bunch of dumplings in a styrofoam container. I wasn't a big fan of the wonton soup, the wontons were loose and so thin that chewing wasn't necessary (other than meaty center). This may be authentic for all I know, I just know I like them a little thicker and more cohesive. I did like that you can get a bag of 50 frozen dumplings for $8, something to consider for cooking and bringing to a party. The place is frequented by all kinds but mostly fellow residents of the Chinatown area. It's kind of a dirty place on a dirty street but that's exactly what I was expecting and that's what I wanted this eating experience to be. For $2 you can't beat 10 fried pork and chive dumplings at Prosperity Dumpling. UPDATE: It's a sad sad time in the dumpling world as after years of success with their formula, Prosperity is now giving you 4 dumplings for $1, not the 5 everyone has come to expect.
Since this place has been reviewed 1000 times, I'll keep it simple. 1.Go Here 2.Small space with seating for 3-ish (but completely worth it.) 3. #4 is a 5 chive and pork dumplings fried for $1 4. #5 is 10 chive and pork dumplings boiled for $2 5. Sodas are $1 6. Why are you still reading this, go spend $3 on the best dumplings in town. Enjoy.
I can't believe I've lived in the city for 2 years and just tried Prosperity Dumpling for the first time last week. Shame on me...such shame...*hangs head in shame*. But hey, better late than never right? Soooo cheap and so tasty! I think I had forgotten how cheap food could be (it happens after you've been living in NY for a while), and I was pleasantly shocked by the cheapness here. It's practically comparable to prices you'd see in Asia! I got the pan-fried pork and chive dumplings (5 for $1) and a sesame pancake with pork ($1.75). I wasn't completely sure if I'd be full with that amount but I was stuffed! The food here is surprisingly hefty (must be from all the carbs). I think it expands after you eat it or something. Anyway, the sesame pancake was AMAZING!! You definitely have to get that if you come here. It was huge and so filling, and delicious even at room temperature. I think I was more in love with my sesame pancake than the pan-fried dumplings (but don't get me wrong those were very tasty too). I'm definitely going to be making numerous trips back for the sesame pancake, my goal is to try all the different varieties =). Gotta make up for all those days I lived my life deprived of Prosperity Dumpling somehow!
My bf & I went here on our trip to NYC because of the great reviews. We really enjoyed the food! It was very delicious for the price. The pork and chive dumplings are a must.  I wish I had known how good it was I would've ordered more. The only reason Prosperity Dumpling doesn't get 5 stars is the wait and the tiny space. Don't expect to dine in, there's literally no room with all the people waiting. I would definitely come back if I'm ever around.
Best dumplings i've ever had in the US!!!
Five delicious dumplings for a buck? That's the perfect combination of quality and value.
I just saw one of the chefs drop several dumplings on the floor, then pick them up and throw them back into the pot. I got my money back and got out of there. To their credit, they at least didn't up a fight. Although maybe that's worse because it was an inherent admission of "yeah, that happens." This kind of thing is rampant in Chinatown, and you should know that this place is not immune. High volume, poorly trained staff, and poor cleanliness standards.
Usually the first stop on our cheap LES dates. Dumplings and scallion pancakes here, followed by drinks at Local 138 and then sharing an ice cream sandwich from Melt. What can I say that hasn't already been said? Nothing, cheap delicious dumplings. Sometimes we buy the big bag of frozen dumplings and make them at home but it's not the same.
I saw the 4.5 starts on Yelp and I thought to myself, "This, self, is going to be a fanfreakingtastic dumpling experience. I shall bite into a dumpling and find myself an altogether more intelligent and higher-thinking human being because of it." Eh. After waiting in a line (full of mostly white people) for a bit too long, I left with both fried and steamed pork dumplings. Upon getting home, I was saddened to find out that there are better dumplings to be had elsewhere. I live near Chinatown, after all, so good cheap dumplings are kind of ubiquitous assuming you know where to go. In the future, if I see a dumpling spot that appears to be frequented mostly by bougie Manhattan-types that look like they grew up speaking English in a flyover state that probably voted for Bush, I'm going to skip it and go somewhere else. You should too.
Awesome super DIRT cheap delicious dumplings.  Tight seating if you can get any.
I just love places like this, bare bones with no waiters, no decor and no frills just good cheap food. The dumplings aren't anything special and taste pretty simple, the sauces on the counter seem watered down but for that price you can't really complain. Seriously 5 dumplings for a buck, back here in Philly I paid 7.50 for a dumpling sampler that had 8 dumplings, sorry but I rather take the former. The best part about this place is the Sesame pancake, so good that it should be called Prosperity Pancake instead. The sesame pancake with pork tastes like a sesame cloud with banh mi like fillings inside so you can just imagine the amount of awesome it actually is. The fresh sesame pancake is soft and fluffy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. I brought a couple back home with my just to use it on my George Foreman sesame panini style. If you are nearby and craving some cheap eats, this place is for you.
Prosperity Dumpling is cheap eats, but rich with taste. I went along with the recommended pork and chive dumpling (#6). The shrimp dumpling is OK, but too much cabbage. The winner was the sesame pancake with egg. It will change your life. Total was $11.50 for hungry eyes and beverages.
I don't get it? I had the veggie dumplings and they weren't very good, I've had better frozen dumplings. I guess I need to try more stuff but so far not impressed at all.
I crave these dumplings every time I'm in New York. Two dollars gets you  ten amazing pork and chive dumplings.  I prefer them fried.  Don't waste your time with the duck pancake, not enough filling for all the bread.
Score!  Four large fried dumplings for only one dollar! This is a tiny hole-in-the-wall joint in Chinatown.  My friend and I stopped by here for a quick breakfast to go and got 8 pork dumplings for an even $2.  Four was enough to fill up my belly to start the day. The dumplings were huge and filled with pork and chives and the dough was a bit thick to my liking. Don't expect much service here.  I had to repeatedly ask for soy sauce while the man completely ignored me to take the next persons order.   There were only two stools so there's not much room to dine in.   Cash only as are most places in Chinatown.
It really doesn't get any better than this. Prosperity Dumpling is doing it all completely right - The 1500+ Yelp Reviews and four and a half star rating led this Bostonian straight to Chinatown's gold. It's literally a hole in the wall, hidden treasure, with maybe about 6 stools total lining the storefront window.  Therefore, when you come here, plan on standing to eat outside or just taking the goodies to go.   This place is also cash only, which shouldn't be a problem because everything is rediculously dirt cheap.  Which leads me to rave about the food: The dumplings (as well as everything else) are made and cooked right before your eyes by the 6-8 Chinese women in the back.  With a single bite, you can immediately tell they're fresh and have not been processed/frozen.  We tried both fried and boiled pork and chive dumplings.  The fried dumplings (4 for $1) definitely were the standout of the two.  An order of boiled dumplings come 10 for $2.50.   We also tried their sesame pancake ($2.00).  It has similar notes to a Vietnamese Banh Mi.   A fluffy baked dough similar to one of a scallion pancake, is stuffed with cilantro, pickled carrots, and your choice of meat (we chose peking duck!).  Add in some hoisin and sriracha,  BAM.  So good.   The best part?  There was barely any wait time for when we got our food.  As soon as we ordered, they gave us our food immediately.  When we took bites of everything, it was all still piping hot.   Prosperity Dumpling was so good, we initially came here to give it a try as a snack.  Two hours later, after walking around NYC's Chinatown, we came back to get even more!   Life changing, and super excited to rave about this gem.  Whenever I'm in NYC I'll be sure to come back.
This place is SMALL, TINY, PACKED. The lines are long and the seating is crowded. Is it still absolutely worth going? YES. 5 dumplings for $1?? Sesame Pancakes for $1.75!?  I would gladly make due with some sidewalk seating (standing, really. Chinatown is nasty) for Prosperity Dumplings. It's true. Prosperity is certainly crowded and that is most likely due to the fact that their restaurant is about the size of my walk in closet AND they serve cheap and delicious eats. And yes, they are located in Chinatown which, is the most dirty and worst smelling place in NYC I'm sure BUT, you can't be a true foodie without making the trek over here for it. Between my sister and I, we ordered a sesame beef pancake, sesame duck pancake and 10 dumplings..yeah, we don't joke when it comes to food and it's safe to say we were STUFFED! Oh what's that!? Our meal came to $5.50!? YEAH. We left the place with our tummies and wallets full! Definitely come here for the pork and chive dumplings. We could have done without the beef and duck pancakes as the toppings or maybe the fact that was prepared ahead of time left the bread rather soggy and inedible towards the end. But, for $1.75, I'm afraid that if I complain much cause I might lose a few Yelp friends* We probably just came on an off day and according the reviews, the plain sesame pancake is the one worth trying, my bad! *by Yelp friends I mean a Yelp hero =P
I was not particularly happy after a trip to Vanessa's Dumplings a few months ago, so I did not have high expectations when I ducked into here on one of the coldest nights of the winter. I went for the steamed version of their pork-and-chive dumplings for the still-shocking price of 10 for $2.00. It took a while -- it seems like most of the people flowing through the tiny establishment were ordering the fried dumplings. Once I got the dumplings? I finished them within about 1.5 minutes. They were that good on that blustery night. The wrapper was of the appropriate thickness, the meat and sealed-in broth searingly hot and flavorful. What more can you ask? The only plus that Vanessa's has over this place is that they offer a sesame pancake and duck sandwich, one of the great deals of the city. But for pure dumpling goodness, I'll take Prosperity any day, and short of going to Flushing, I don't see any reason to even bother trying any of the other ones in Chinatown. (Which is not to say that I won't...) Probability of return within 1 year: 100%, at which point I guess I should try the fried.
Came here to try the famous Prosperity Dumpling. I ordered the recommendations provided by my Yelp friends: -5 fried pork & chive dumplings - 5 for a dollar (5/5) TIP: Don't forget the sauces in the side.   - Sesame Pancake - .Could have done without (1/5).  Bland in my mind. This place is great if you're on a budget and don't mind standing in the street to eat.  Think of chinese dumplings on an episode of Seinfeld's soup natzi. Price and Food cannot be beat. I would recommend on a nice day where you do not mind waiting in line and eating on the street.
Vanessa's dumplings were better.. This one gives 1 extra for the price but not so good
I would give 10 stars if i could!!! Love this place and seriously nothing beats prosp. Dumplings! The meat and skin are perfect. I am craving for them as i write this reviews. The fact that i work near prosp. Dumplings is a plus! Service was fast. I usually do to go because the place was so tiny and hey theres a little park down the block. Who could resist 5 delicious dumplings for a buck????
This small Dumpling Shop always have a line. It does not have the bells and whistles of a fancy place. It has a few (5?) chairs, an open counter/ window that you can peer into and see how the dumplings are made, cooked and packed. Everything that comes from this place are freshly made, flavorful and cheap. Yes, the man at the counter speaks Chinese and bit of English, he is also the chef and cashier so he gets very busy and getting your order as quick as possible is his main job.  As a Tip: get dumplings to go, make sure you make up your mind before you get in front of the line and have cash for payment. Come on and try out this place...you will not be sorry.
I have rarely found dumplings that are (almost) as good as my mom's. I give this 5 stars because I wasn't just satisfied (4 stars), I was impressed! Freshly made, right in front of you. Hole-in the wall place. Authentic. Cheap. Delicious. In my opinion, what sets apart a good dumpling is the skin. It must be hand-made, and it has to be fresh. None of that store-bought crap. Chives and pork are the way to go--it's the classic fulling, and they did a great job!! If you want classic steamed dumplings that are cheap and authentic, prosperity dumpling does a great place. If I were going to host a party with a bunch of people and had limited time/money/resources, I would absolutely get a bag of the frozen dumplings to boil and I am 100% positive that everyone would love it. Not the place to be if you're high maintenance or scared of dingy-looking places!! It is definitely hole-in-the-wall, and do not expect seating! I'd grab 'em to go, and go to the park around the block if you really need to eat them right then!
Prosperity Dumpling is a literal hole in the wall dumpling house located in Chinatown. There is a lack of proper seating and restroom, which you wouldn't be able to use anyways because of the crowd of people placing orders. The staff behavior ranges from indifferent to just plain rude, and could care less if you decide to sacrifice your George Washington's to their cash box alter. They also happen to offer the best dumplings in NYC, which stand above their countless contemporaries. The signature pork dumplings (fried or boiled) are plump and extraordinarily flavorful, but be warned! A single bite may result in juices shooting out, leaving a tasty stain on your companion...or blank wall, if you're lonely like me. At the low price of $1 for four dumplings, you won't have to dip into your kid's college fund to satisfy your palate. The quality of their soups are much better than expected: the hot & sour soup is thick and tangy without being overwhelmingly spicy, the beef noodle soup has a surprisingly flavorful stock with a clean taste and comes loaded with beef chunks, and their chicken corn soup is a tasty treat despite being a glorified corn drop soup. In addition to their dumplings and soups, their sesame pancake sandwiches are the best in NYC...bar none. Generously stuffed with the protein of your choice, each pancake sandwich can be a meal in itself, even if you'd be cheating yourself of some awesome dumplings. I won't claim to be a fan of Eldridge Street and it's Fuzhou-centric denizens, but I'll brave the impolite shoulder bumps and cigarette butt-laden sidewalk if it means I get to enjoy the ambrosia that comes 4 for $1.
How could these suckas taste soooo good and yet be so cheap? Friends, This is a Scooby Doo mystery! So the debate rages on: fried or steamed. Lemme tell ya, everything taste better fried, even candy bars. We stopped in last week with a bunch of kids in tow. I fed all these kids and spent under 5 bucks. And they're called ME the hero! Yay dad! We love uncle Billy! heh heh, enjoy kids. Next, we're going to split a bag of M&Ms..
5 dumplings. 1 dollar. Quick, fast, fresh, delicious. They also sell them frozen in packs of 50 for 8 bucks. Now all I need to do is figure out how to smuggle them from NYC to Boston on a bus.
I can't help but to give a high rating to a place that sells good food for a cheap price. I found myself coming here on a windy cold day. The place was extremely small in which about 10 people were trying really hard to stay indoor to order some yummy dumplings. The fried dumplings was quick since there was a bunch that were already pre-cooked, the boiled dumpling took a while (maybe 5-10 minute wait). Overall, dumplings were amazing. Maybe it was the fact that it was only $1 for 5 that made it taste that much better. The dumpling skin wasn't thick but just the right amount to cover the meat that was sitting inside. It was filled with flavor and the meat was big! They definitely don't hold back the filling here. If you're here, you might as well try their sesame pancake. It's a big piece for only $1.25, crisped and dough-like, just like a sandwich. Definitely a good spot to come back.
This place it legit. Asian, Non-Asians all hit up this place. its not only that its got great value, but the stuff is damn good. Their grilled dumplings are the bomb. Its not like those little dumplings in flushing(though i'm also a fan). These dumplings are substantial. The dumpling wrapping is thin but able to house all that deliciousness inside. The meaty filling inside with chives, heavenly. The other thing that is a must is the sesame pancake. I usually buy 2 or 3, and we usually can heat it up on our toaster oven the next day and it will taste equally fresh.One thing i would pass one is the hot and sour soup. It lacks real flavor, though if you're craving, its cheap enough to try once.
Dumpling shell are crispy and flavorful inside. I wasn't too crazy about the sesame pancake with duck. I didn't see any meat and it was soggy. But I can't complain for $2.75 total! The dumplings were delicious...
The fried pork and chive dumplings I had here are definitely the best I'd ever had in my life- for taste, quality, and price. For one dollar, I wasn't expecting much, but these dumplings were really fresh, meaty, and crispy. I'd happily pay double the price for these dumplings. I don't really get what other yelpers are complaining about in terms of service, we are talking about a $1.00 dumpling place here, not a five star restaurant.
So basically: yes. My friends and I are all on a tight budget being poor post-grads in New York. Therefore, finding a cheap menu such as that of Prosperity Dumpling was key. Usually one would sacrifice taste just to save a buck but that was not the case here. I had the fried chive and pork as well as the boiled chicken and was incredibly satisfied in palate as well as the amount of food I was given (4 dumplings for a dollar!). Just a little bit of soy sauce and you're golden. There was a line (waited less than ten minutes) and received my food about two minutes after I ordered! My boyfriend had to wait a little bit longer but as soon as he had his first bite of dumpling he was satisfied.
After receiving a life changing diagnoses from a doctor, I decided to cash in my 401k (as it turns out, I'm not going to need it) and travel the globe. During my travels, I try to stretch my hard earned dollar bills as far as they can go so I can see/eat/experience as much as possible before the buzzer goes. Enter Prosperity Dumpling. I'm going to cut to the chase, seeing as how my time has gotten much more precious these days:, and there's nothing I can say that hasn't been said already. 1) You can literally bring dollar bills and exchange them for dumpling bliss! (Such a bargain!) 2) Veggie dumplings!!! Cruelty free, yo! 3) Nom nom nom! If I am fortunate enough to make it back to NYC, you best believe I'll be stuffing my mouth hole with these delicious dumplings.
Five dumplings for $1?! That should be able to keep me satisfied when I'm living on the streets one day with nothing but my art and my crazy ramblings. I came to Prosperity with a girlfriend to try these famous dumplings. True, they have a long menu full of other items but we wanted what they are famous for! The line moved quickly and we were in and out of this tiny box of a restaurant in Chinatown in less than 5 minutes. The final verdict? The friend pork dumplings were hot, juicy, and greasy. Totally worth $1 although I wouldn't encourage anyone to eat them often as they are laden with cholesterol, possibly MSG, and probably the reject parts.. Caution: Dumplings may burst when bitten into so watch out for flying juices and dress appropriately. Also, it is not recommend putting the whole dumpling into your mouth at once as said juices might scald your throat and cause you to spit half of it out on an unsuspecting passerby.
REALLY REALLY REALLY* GOOD DUMPLING**. Stay AWAY from the veggie dumplings*** *But not the best. **Pork & chive. ***Sorry, Wilbur...
Still ever-delicious and worth a trip. Just had to say, the DOH gave this place an A! They probably bribed them with massive amounts of dumplings, but an A grade is quite impressive for any hole-in-the-wall Chinatown establishment. Also, if you go around 3 on a weekday, you'll be competing with all the kids getting out of school getting dumplings too. (It's still so worth it..)
For a Dumpling place, this place is awesome! It's in a tight spot, if you're lucky you might get a place to sit. It's always busy that you see the family working hard and fast to make fresh dumplings and sesame pancakes. I have tried everything on the menu since it was cheap and I was super hungry. I would only recommend this place if you just want something to snack on.
Yummy and cheap!  I ordered the vegetable dumplings and sesame pancake.  I was lucky enough to grab a seat inside (there's only 6 in the whole place), but I wouldn't recommend sitting inside if you can help it.  There were large squeeze-top bottles of soy sauce and vinegar setting on the counters that complimented my piping hot dumplings.  Definitely the best deal in Chinatown!
Wow! I have never been to this part of Chinatown so be prepared that it is not the niciest area if you are heading there. But for the dumplings, it is WELL WORTH IT! Food: - Absolutely insanely good dumplings made in every way (pan fry, boiled, steam etc.) - The ingredients in the dumplings are extremely well seasoned, it is the real Chinese dumplings that people in Asia eat! Decor: - This is NOT a sit down dinner place. I went with a co-worker without knowing that, and we were shocked when we walked in. Think of it as a fast food delivery shop with very delicious food for you to take it to go with. Price: - I was SHOCKED when the cashier asked me 'How many DOLLARs would you like your dumplings' [in Chinese]. Apparently it is $1 per 5 dumplings. I have not been ANYWHERE, including Asia that is A DOLLAR for a dish that I want. [Granted there is the currency exchange when in Asia.]
Fantastic dumplings in Chinatown. Tried the pork and chive, both fried and boiled. Both were excellent. The service is prompt and the food came very quickly indeed. There is very limited seating and it gets hot inside, so suggest you take out. $10 for lunch for two is fine by me!
This place is seriously just the littlest dumpling shop in Chinatown. I'm from out of town so I decided to come here because of the reviews they have on Yelp. So what are the chances that the one day I come here their ceiling starts raining? Literally buckets of water started pouring out of their ceiling right after I ordered my $5 lunch for me and my boyfriend. But I toughed it out and so did 99% of the customers waiting in line. Wow, that means a lot when your restaurant is literally raining and customers are STILL willing to wait. Well the raining did stop immediately. People DID take pictures. And the dumplings were yummy and had a delicious flavour (although I do prefer my pork dumplings plain). There are barely any seats so we went to a nearby bubble tea shop to eat our lunch lolz. For $5, we got 8 boiled pork dumplings, 5 fried pork dumplings, and some beef noodle soup. But seriously... how can I complain about $1 dumplings!!?? (ONE DOLLAR!!! OMG) The cheapest of the cheap eats. :)
Our hero was a bit worried when he saw a homeless man eating fried dumplings from this place just outside the entrance. The dozen or so dumpling stuffing sweat shop workers inside were even more concerning.  On the bright side, you can know for sure by looking through the ordering window that your Chinese food here is made by authentic Chinese slave labor of questionable immigration status! The fried pork and chive dumplings are THE item to here here.  They're full of flavor, lightly greasy, and chock full of meat.  It's unbelievable that they can sell these in NYC for 20 cents apiece!  The sesame pancake is so perfectly done as well, it's like biting into a flaky piece of fried heaven. This is the real deal in Chinese comfort food, folks.  It's also the Chinese economic bailout dinner.  If they took food stamps, there'd be a line half way down the block. Pros: - Super cheap five for a dollar fried dumplings. - All the items are freshly made by hand. - Quick turnover. CONS: - There's next to no seating in here.  Don't expect to "dine in" here.
On a whim with a friend I'm staying with in New York I journeyed on a "food tour" in the Lower East Side in New York. She's a pro- she's lived here since the 1970's and she knows food. Luckily we have this in common, we both love food... and this place is for those who love food. Coming from Portland, Oregon I rarely have good dim sum- especially not for the price of $2.00!! I got two items, one a fried shrimp dumpling. One bite is full of the little suckers, juicy and yet crispy. The second was a steamed shrimp- to compare and again it was not lacking on the shrimp. I recommend buying about 4-5 dumplings and walking around. People watching and dumplin' eating cannot be beat.
I came here poor and walked out happy. Granted, I got lost but I walked through what looked like REAL chinatown to get here and found that the 8 dumplings and 1 wonton soup that I ordered would only cost me $3.00. Happiness . The place is small and it could probably only hold 7 people max so take you and your food to Hester Park (it's right outside) and eat there. Also, the service is quick. Real quick. By the time you finish ordering, they'll already have the food in your hand and it'll be hot. :)
At one dollar for the pork and chives dumpling it will be the best bang for your buck flavor you ever had.
Best (and cheapest) dumplings I've had in the states. 15 pork and chive fried dumplings for only $3 and provided black vinegar = AMAZING deal. Not only was it the cheapest meal I've had in New York so far, but it was one of the most delicious! Would definitely come again.
Amazing food, super cheap, and so fast!!  5 pork and chive dumplings for $1!!! you can't beat that AND not only are they cheap but they taste fantastic, pan fried to absolute perfection and bursting with flavor.  Also, the sesame pancakes are out of this world, the pancake itself was rich with a slight crisp around the edges and super fluffy in the center.  I had one stuffed with roast chicken and vegetables, my only complaint was the overload of cilantro which I didn't know would be part of this "sandwich" but I don't like cilantro so that is my fault.  Otherwise totally great and $1.75! Needless to say I feel a massive crave attack coming on and will have to be make a trip back soon.
WOW! So cheap. $1.00 pork and chive (fried) dumplings. $3.50 for 10 boiled shrimp dumplings. So long Vanessa's, I've found a new dumpling spot.
The only thing bad about this establishment is that it's way too far from where I live. This place definitely does Chinese style dumplings right. Whenever I go here, I usually buy a pack of freshly boiled dumplings as well as 2-3 bags of their frozen dumplings for home. Either boiled or pan-fried- they make for great quick meals or delicious snacks. Their sesame seed pan cakes, however, were too oily and not as good as their dumplings. Definitely you should stick to what they do best. Awesome cheap prices also never hurts.
God damn.  There is nowhere to sit.  Who cares though.  It's 5 dumplings for 1$.  That's 20c a dumpling !  O_O This was, I think, the highlight of my NYC trip.  These dumplings have definitely got handmade skin going on, and the fillings are juicy and flavorful!   You can buy them frozen too!  Feed a person for less than 4$ a head!! I really wanted to smuggle back 300-400 dumplings to last til next time.. but I didn't think I could get them through security :(
So cheap, and good too! 15 fried dumplings (guotie): $3 10 boiled dumplings (shuijiao): $2 Jia jiang mian: $2.50 Scallion pancake: $0.75 Total: $8.25 All this food was enough to feed me and my mama. The jia jiang mian had chunks of fatty pork, which were good.  Next time, I'd like to try the ma jiang mian (sesame noodles).  The scallion pancakes here were thick, and I prefer them thinner.   Since my Mandarin stinks, I wish the workers know a tad bit more English.  I came at 10:30am on a Sunday and there was a sizable gathering.  Prosperity Dumpling is no secret.  Wish I had discovered it earlier.  It would've saved me a lot of qian! Gray's Papaya Recession Special?  You can a back seat to the Prosperity Dumpling Great Recession Special!
Downgrading to 4 stars for the extra long lines EVERY single time I go. And, I don't go during prime eating times. After you wait in line, the time it takes to get your order of pork fried dumplings is minimal. But if, for example, you are difficult and refuse the juicy pork and go for the vegetable, the wait becomes excruciating (yes, excruciating bc my stomach is about to revolt). With over 500 reviews, you'd think Prosperity Dumpling go buy out the unpopular shops next door and expand? I know i know wishful And yes, I'll still go to Prosperity despite the lines
Prosperity Dumpling offers authentic and generously-portioned dumplings at a great price (5 for  $1); it's probably one of the cheapest in the city. . It is literally a hole-in-the-wall so I suggest avoiding the breakfast/lunch rush and getting take-out since the seating is very cramped. It's not a place worth trekking out to visit, but if you're in the neighborhood and you're hungry, Prosperity is a convenient, quick fix-me-up.
This wasn't a bad place. Small, but cheap. If you're hungry, the dumplings are satisfying but can get a bit ehh after you've had too much, so order enough to just fill your stomach. The location kind of bad but there are still many people that come here to order their food.
Super tiny place that makes awesome, inexpensive chow.  Had the wonton soup, the chive pancake, and steamed dumplings. I'd recommend them all.  It's a cool experience, don't go here if you're looking for a place to hang out for a while.
This place is so, so, so tiny! I would have never known about this place if it wasn't for yelp. There are mini booths on each side that sits about 4-6 people total, which is fine because they pack the dumplings in portable styrofoam containers for your convenience and on-the-go. Bottles of sriracha and soy sauce are provided. I got #18 boiled pork and chive dumpling. For 10 dumplings for the price of $2.75. That's the sweetest deal ever! The dumplings are fairly large and meaty. The only reason why I'm not rating this a 5 star experience is because when I placed the order, the guy confirmed if I wanted #18 and instead of making a new batch from the kitchen, he reached for a plastic bag that had already been sitting on the counter and pulled out a couple of containers and gave me one that was marked with #18.
Eh, no I don't think I'd slap my mom over these.  They're good considering price paid, but I've definitely had better dumplings elsewhere, for not much more (I should compile a list!). Still, the price is so very good (4 pan fried dumplings for a dollar, 10 boiled for $2.50). If I lived closer, it definitely without a doubt would be on my go-to list for snacks/meals. Sadly, I don't. So basically, unless you live in Chinatown, or are a starving student that wants to load up on boxloads of dumplings, I probably wouldn't bother going out of my way for these.
First, eating five of Prosperity's dumplings was a mathematical experience. I ordered five for $1 and then began thinking about how much I could get for $5, then $20, then $114, and then $1056, testing my multiplication skills in the process. Second, eating Prosperity's dumplings was a delicious experience. Prosperity's pork and chive dumplings were plump, sizable, crispy on the outside, and juicy on the inside. Definitely bigger and better than the other 5-for-$1 dumplings that I had at Fried Dumpling. Finally, eating Prosperity's dumplings was a humbling experience. I thought about the mediocrity that I eat for far more money in New York, and I was awed by the consistent excellence of Prosperity's handmade dumplings.
Ah, my very first EVER Yelp review! And why does this honor go to Prosperity Dumpling, you ask? It's cheap, fast, and delicious. (That's what she said.) But in all seriousness. A bottle of water, 5 succulent pork dumplings, and a fluffy sesame pancake cost me all of $3. What more could a starving college student want? (Just be prepared to find somewhere else to sit down and enjoy your bounty! We were lucky enough to nab one of the two counters in the restaurant, but those fill up fast!)
Food: cheap, tasty, warm, yummy, yay! Dumplings, pancake and beef noodle soup are musts Service: quick  I just wish the guy would wipe his hands after touching cash and before cooking. Oh well Final thoughts: let's just say I went down to Chinatown by myself, late at night to get some prosperity dumplings!
My friend lives in Chinatown and we hit up this spot all the time. The dumps are just so tasty!  $1.00 for 5 is truly the best deal in the city. I even went as far as to buy a frozen bag of 50. Big mistake. They just are not the same. I tried cooking them a few different ways and they just didn't taste the way they do in the restaurant, or should I say closet.   If you know your way around Chinatown, do yourself a justice and check out Prosperity!
It was so good, that we went back the next day.  Concerned about money, don't be...everything is cheap and 5 great tasting dumplings only costs a dollar.  Don't plan on eating it inside the extremely small (even for NYC standards) place.
Small spot but very busy...great prices. Good dumplings and sesame pancakes
Everytime I am in NYC I have to stop by here. Delicious and cheap. I love eating there and I always take a bag of the frozen ones to make at home. Only downside is the wait. This place is tiny and they almost always have a line.
$3 for 12 dumplings-5 stars. $2 sesame pancake with duck-not worth it.
As a pseudo-vegetarian, I feel a little left out of the horde of Chinatown dumpling ravers. I feel like all of the good dumplings contain meat that I don't eat, or they're fried--a fate I'm unwilling to subject my already jejunely-fed body to. So! I must find my enthusiasm in the still-fried-but-fluffily-satisfying sesame pancakes. And so far my favorites are at Prosperity Dumpling. They offer veggie pancakes at $1.25 apiece, and though I was unable to identify a veggie other than carrot and...green, it was so very good. So good! The Famous Original sesame pancakes are a good thing, too. The space, though crowded, induces significantly less social anxiety in me than at Dumpling House. The $2 veggie dumplings are nothing to write home about. I'd rather spend that money on four pancakes. And I have! Ask me about my food issues!
Me and my friends don't call it Prosperity Dumpling; We call it The Hole in the Wall. Because that's what it really is. It's like an 8' by 8' by 8' place and a small ordering window. It may be small, but the dumplings and scallion/sesame pancakes are sooooo delish. just $1 can get you 5 (YES, 5) pork and chive dumplings. They taste amazing, and are super cheap. Roast Beef Sesame Pancake is about $2-3, and is definitely worth it, although just about everything there will end up an oily mess if not eaten ASAP. Also, make sure to get a lot of napkins. They get messy, and you will get that shiny halo of oil around your mouth. But if you want a place to enjoy these amazing things, good luck. There are only 4 seats in Prosperity, and if you try to eat them at the nearby park? Vicious asian ladies are gambling on the only park tables, and sitting on a bench gets you attacked by winged insects. So if you're the lucky people that manage to snatch seats, enjoy!
I love this place. I think about going all the time. Pork and chive dumplings and sesame pancake? ooooooh yeah. Not a lot of room inside to eat, so take it out to the park and enjoy your cheap perfection al fresco.
I discovered this gem earlier year since it was across the street from my Jr. High School. I tried and it was mad good for $1. Unbelievable value. Anyways, amazing value and delicious crispy skin dumplings. Every time I am in Chinatown to visit my mom, I try to stop by this place. It's sooo good and cheap. Long live Prosperity Dumpling!
Dumpling tour 2012! This was my first stop amongst Vanessa's and C&L. The dumplings here were smaller in size than how i'd usually prefer, but packed with flavor. Very very greasy as you'd imagine but of course considering the price I'll take it anytime. They were steaming hot; enjoyed them with a side of hot soybean milk. Definitely a great spot though.
fried dumplings and pork buns. delicoius!!!! best ever in my LIFE!
one of my 2 favorite cheap dumpling spots in ctown. I like this one because you can get 4 for $1.25, the pork and chive are more sausagey like inside, and there are tons of other food options nearby too so you can do your own food tour. get the bag of 50 frozen for $9.50 to take home.
My mouth waters just thinking about the dumplings. We got the steamed as well as the fried dumplings. You cant stop eating it. I craved and craved for more after the first one. This is a really small hole is the walk. Very less to no space to actually sit. Most folks did a 'to-go' and then sat outside enjoying the dumplings. i will be back each time i am in China town.
Small, crowded, and slightly dirty, this might not be an ideal place for a romantic getaway, but Prosperity definitely serves up some authentic Northern Chinese homemade dumplings. Friend and I ventured off to Chinatown to reconnect with our ethnic roots when we were in NY two weeks ago. We shared an order of the pork & vegetable dumplings and a duck pancake. We waited in the constricted area for around 15 minutes as they were busily taking other people's orders with a kitchen-ful of Chinese people making delicious dumplings. By the time our food was ready, we decided to eat on the streets because the store was getting a bit too crowded and I realized that having a heater in your face wasn't actually so pleasant. I'm not sure if it was because of the wonderfully contrasting sensations of being attacked by the chilly winds while shoving steamy hot juicy dumplings down my hungry belly, or of my natural gluttony, those dumplings were homemade tastiness epitomized. So authentic, I thought I was in a Chinese province for a moment. Get the dumplings, any kind, I'm sure they're all unbelievably delicious and inexpensive. The duck pancake was a toothsome treat as well. Aromatic, crispy, and savory, these thick Chinese pancakes were covered in sesame seeds and pan fried to perfect crispiness and then filled with roasted duck and scallions. The duck meat in the pancake reminds me of Peking duck as I took another bite into the fatty duck skin. A morsel of the duck pancake made me chuckle like a happy little girl. Out of all the meals we had during our week-long visit in NYC, I can safely declare that this rustic meal I had on the streets of Chinatown was certainly the most palatally memorable.
You can't beat chicken corn soup for $1 and 10 dumplings for $2 unless it was free but Prosperity Dumpling is almost giving it away. The dumplings were delish!! Will definitely be a regular stop when visiting NYC...fits my budget (more shopping money!).
These are hands down the best fried and steamed dumplings I've had anywhere in NYC.  2 big guys got full on dumplings, scallion pancakes, and fried bbq pork buns.  Total cost including soup and sodas was $11.50 (for both, not each). Warnings: 1.  They do NOT have Xiao Long Bao.  If you want that, you're still better off going to Shanghai Cafe. 2.  There are only 4 or 5 bar stools inside, so seating is tough when there's no line and almost impossible when there is a line.  Wait for a nice day outside and get the food to go so you can sit in the park and eat while they're still steaming hot.
Awesome and Cheap !! Pork and chive dumplings 5 for a buck. Chewy pan seared skins with really good pork stuffing , you can beat it. Order and eat up .
Dirt cheap and yummy! I like the pork with chive the best, either pan fried or boiled. My friend tried the shrimp ones and they are not very good. Anyway, 5 for $1 and a bag of 50 frozen dumplings for $9. What else can u ask for:)
Best $1 pork and chive dumplings anywhere. No seating and the line can be long but it is worth the wait. I spent $20 and had enough dumplings and food to feed 4 people with leftovers... I will be back and will get dumplings and take them to the park...
For all its ratings, the dumplings here are really just average. I went here on back to back occasions hoping maybe I had a bad batch or but really to see the consistency of the food. On both occasions I ordered the fried pork and chive dumplings. Both times I was saddened by the quality of the dumplings. First off, fried dumplings should be fried and have that crisp to one side of their skin. Mine were soggy and oily both times. It seems that they were most likely mass producing the dumplings and not really letting the oil heat up. When you don't let oil heat up and you put dough on it, all it does is soak up the oil (cooking tip of the day).  The skins of the dumplings were also extremely thick. A good dumpling skin should be thick enough to hold the filling but not make you feel like you're eating bread. Finally, the filling, which should be the star of the dumpling was just an afterthought here. Overall, if you're on a budget and you want 4/$1 so-so dumplings then this it. I would still recommend walking a few blocks to Lam Zhou and having their dumplings 11/$3  and you'll definitely taste the difference.
I ordered 10 pork and chive dumplings, 8 vegetable dumplings, two sesame pancake, soy bean milk for less then 10 bucks! This is just amazing. And the food, just amazing.
Proud to be Chinese! I love dumplings in my noodle soup as Prosperity Dumpling has the best of both worlds:  dumplings and noodle soup.  Comfort food to warm this Chigga's heart in the familiar sense as my beloved grandmother cuddles me during despair.  Six dumplings at $2.00 for a meal yet without breaking the bank.  I purchase twelve dumplings at $4.00 for a volunteer picnic/meeting held at nearby Sara D. Roosevelt Park being an eager volunteer for our Asian Language Exchange & Social Network (ALE&SN) program N.B.  Patrons can specifically request either fried or boiled which I prefer either.  Prosperity Dumpling is a very quaint dumpling/noodle take-out amid there is very limited seating.  Take-out is highly recommended, don't expect any alcohol or non-alcoholic drinks.  Counter service establishment as oppose to waiter service.  Customer service is okay as it's just a job where they usher customers out upon fulfilling orders.
No disrespect to hero of mine Anthony Bourdain, but I ate at Brasserie Les Halles and though I had a great time and a great meal there, somehow the food that can't escape my mind is the food at Prosperity Dumpling. I can't recall the number of fried dumplings I ate but I'm sure it was obscene. I didn't take them to go, I traveled about 5 inches from the service window to their dingy little counter top and buried my face in my bountiful $7 purchase. Piping hot and drenched in a mixture of soy sauce and sriracha, I had found the perfect hangover meal. In a short, booked solid trip to an already fast paced city like New York, I unsympathetically made time for a second insatiable hoarding of pan fried dumplings!
Holy crap I just got full on a $2.00 meal in New York City.   Holy crap I have no idea what I just ate.  I think it was pork and vegetable dumplings.  It was pretty good, not excellent, but I put some franks on top and it was a really enjoyable meal. You can't beat the price, but the guy who served me kept sniffing his nose and wiping it on his arm.  Gross.
5/$1 dollar dumplings and the best in the city, in my opinion. The sesame pancakes are also really tasty. The place is a hole in the wall with very little seating so don't expect to sit down and enjoy, I like to slather mine in sauce and go to the park down the block and indulge there.
Prosperity Dumpling: indeed may you prosper and get more real estate.  Their menu is not extensive, but what they have is well-made.  I gave it 4 stars because of the cramped space and their average food that is immensely helped by its low price!
In terms of deliciousness and price, I think this is the best combination in New York. Where else can you find a filling meal for 2 bucks? They make their own dumpling skin, their ground pork is fresh, you see how they make everything, their kitchen is clean, everything is fresh and cooked to perfection. This place is only dirty in the front where people eat, and with the crowds, I understand why.
Now they offer more of a variety if dumplings it seems although Pork and chives fried seems to be most people favorite dish to order. You have to wonder how many dumplings are being served per day to all these customers remember it is 4 for one dollar and some people order 5 and 6 dollars worth for groups. My guess would be 20,000 served per day, they are open early until 1030pm. If you are broke college student or just broke for $5.00 you can really eat like a king. I even saw a fellow yelper in here last time I came in. So In addition to the 4 for one dollar fried dumplings, I recommend getting the Sesame Pancake with veggies. It is really good and even better if it just comes out. Only $1.50 for this beautiful thing, go get one as soon as you can.
Being a traveler that likes to use Yelp a lot when traveling to new places, I stumbled upon this small restaurant with amazing reviews and killer prices. And having always liked guiozas, I thought to myself: "I've got to try this one" So while taking a walk through Chinatown, I knew exactly where I wanted to have lunch... Prosperity Dumpling. And I have to say, I was not disappointed. At least for the most part. It's kind of a hole-in-the-wall-ish place, a little hidden if you're not looking for it. So we ordered our food and went to eat on the street, mainly cause there weren't many chairs. It must also be said that the smell inside is not the most pleasant. But that's as far as negative points go, because as we ate our dumplings in the snow, I understood why everyone talks so well about this place and went back inside to buy more. The dumplings are well prepared and seasoned, truly worth the trip. If I'm ever back in New York, I'm definitely going back for more! Greetings from Brazil!
This place is the size of a large closet. That is, if said closet wasn't filled with clothes so much as it was populated by around 5 people of various ages and sizes making some of the cheapest good food I've ever had in my life. "Oh, are those the new Air Jordans, dude?" You may ask your friend while admiring this closet. "..No dude, that's some sweaty guy behind a counter pounding out 5 for a dollar dumpling plates all day. What are you, stoned?" But I digress. It's dirt cheap AND delicious, and it genuinely doesn't get any better than that
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Um.   And all for $1.75!!!!
How can I give this place more than five stars?  Because I want to. My friend and I both ordered the pork and chive fried dumplings.  She ordered the sesame pancake, and I ordered the boiled vegetable dumplings.  I wanted to try the pork buns, but they were out : ( FUCKING DELICIOUS AND CHEAP AS HELL. You could see some ladies in the back cranking out dumplings, and they tasted that way - like they were just assembled. I'd go back right now.  I mean, I went back an hour after we ate to get a bag of 50 frozen fried pork and chive dumplings to bring home for $9.00. Place is super teeny, guy at the counter threw my money down (I still love you and tipped you!), but who cares?  WHO CARES WHEN THE DUMPLINGS WERE A DOLLAR?! Prosperity Dumpling = Heaven
Dirt cheap, and dumplings are ok- nothing to write home about, but ok for the money. Had vegetable dumplings, and a vegetable pancake
Ew. This place is stinky, small, and unforgivably greasy. The dumplings are floppy and soggy. They should be crispier with a thicker wrapper. The meat inside is grimey and euuuugggh. I have no idea why people rave over this, Vanessa's is much higher quality for the same price.
Fabulous!!! You must try the dumplings!
I don't know what the hype is all about. It is not bad but definitely not that good either. Should not be considered the best dumpling in NY
The prices and general upkeep of the made me wonder about the consequences of eating here but the next morning I was feeling perfectly fine so all my concerns were assuaged. The dumplings and sesame pancakes were delicious but there really isn't anywhere to sit in there to enjoy them. Best bet would be to wait for a nice day, pick up the food, and find a nice park nearby to chow down in.
I had an affair on the Fried Dumpling Lady on Mott, and it's time I came clean!   Prosperity Dumplings are in fact the same price of 5 dumplings for $1.00, just like yours Fried Dumpling Lady, but they just have something that yours just don't.  Now, don't get all upset on me Lady; but they are just....they are just....MORE CRISPY THAN YOURS!  There!  I said it!  Damn it!  I can't get away with just having 5 of these little guys!  I CAN'T DO IT!  Only ten or more can tame the beast from within!  And when I meant within, I don't mean within the place because there is not enough room.  I'd eat these guys in my car, on the curb, on the park bench across the street, or on a stranger's car...I'll eat they ANYWHERE!   There's a reason Fried Dumpling Lady, that the line is out the damn door on a Thursday...not even a weekend where tourist roam.  Oh no...tourists won't know this place...and it's a good thing, because Prosperity, we natives want you all to ourselves.  We love you big...and we'll keep loving you all year long! 700+ reviews and you still make us wanna capture our brief time with you in some special way....take this review as a token of my joy in your presence.  Until I get another dumpling craving, I'll see you again!
This place is unreal. $1.25 small hot & sour soup $1 chives & pork fried dumplings (2 orders) $1 sesame pancake? ..and I was FULL. So impressed w/ the cheap prices and quality.  Oh, and warning... do not order the LARGE size hot & sour soup unless you have the stomach capacity for it.  It's freakin' HUGE.  That's what she said... about the soup.
WOW! Aside from the fact that the dumplings are $1 for all you big spenders, the quality of a prosperity dumpling is phenomenal. Big, juicy, and fresh! The service is quick, the food is so good!!! It is a hole in the wall, don't expect a dining experience, but expect to be blown away by the flavorful and simple and sophisticated PROSPERITY DUMPLING. I will confess, I am a Vanessa's lover, but their dumplings don't have anything on  prosperity.
We found this place after yelping for dumplings. And I just have to thank all yelpers out there good samaritans that you are! It's a slight notch above your street cart vendors just because they have a place. But their dumplings are amazingly cheap and uber-licious! 5 fried for $1 or 10 boiled for $2. We tried both and both have topped our dumpling charts. The sesame pancake with beef ($1.75) is a little on the oily side but packs a whallop of a flavor. It's slightly crunchy on the outside but soft on the outside. I ordered another slice and had it for lunch the following day and microwaved. It lost it's crunchiness but it retained its soft fluffy texture. Like! We loved the dumplings so much we ordered a frozen bag of 50 to go ($8). Prepare to go ghetto on this place's ambiance though. It's just a go-to place when you needed something cheap and delish. Overall, a Steal!!!
The best pork and chive fried dumplings in the city.  Take them to go and eat while watching people play handball, basketball, or soccer. They're good fresh, but even better when you buy them frozen and make them at home. Either way, they're cheap and delicious.
There are many dumpling places around the LES that charge about the same for dumplings and I've had them at a few of those places, some better than others but  none as good as Prosperity Dumplings!!!  BEST DUMPLINGS EVAH!!!  Prosperity dumpling fed me pretty much all summer when I lived on the LES. I would always get the 4/$1 pork and chive dumplings, fresh, hot and fluffy delish!  Sometimes I would be super hungry and get the dumplings, the pork buns (3/$1) and some wonton soup for $1.50 and it was a FEAST all for 3.50! I live in BK now and don't frequent Prosperity as much as I did this summer (at least 3 times a week) but whenever I get a craving for them I hop off the train and grab some dumplings before heading back home. ALSO I just remembered something while I was typing this review, you can get a bag of FROZEN dumplings and cook them at home yourself and it's something like 50 dumplings for 10.00! I know where I'm going tomorrow!
Omg this place is amazing!! Yummmm
What's not to love? I have been meaning to hit up this place for a long, long time now. Finally this weekend the dumpling heavens answered and there's one more place I can now cross off my bucketlist. Prosperity is kinda off the grid in the hustle/bustle that is Chinatown. It's not exactly in the midst of it all (but not too far off either.) Dumplings are 4 for $1. Delicious steamed or fried. Pork or chicken. And damn, they were good. Top it off with some soy sauce and you're golden. Trust me. I had my doubts. But the hype is very much indeed warranted. But beyond the dumplings 4 for $1... the sesame pancake was mind blowing. Thanks a bunch to my fellow Yelper Shira for recommending this to me! Crunchy, flaky, crispy, flavorful, pillowy... is that enough adjectives to convince you? All in all, delicious. I wish I had one now. This was also $1. The foods here can be the ultimate snack or the ultimate after-drinking food. If I had a dollar or two to my name... you'd bet I'd be spending that here. Forget McDonalds. *Did I mention it was 4 for $1?
minus one star because i asked for $4 worth to go, the lady even asked me again, and when i got home i only got $3 worth of dumplings. yummy dumplings though!
Broke? Down on your luck? Starving artist and/or student?  Meet your savior. Prosperity Dumpling will feed you, not break you.  For $2, you'll get 10 pan fried pork dumplings and you'll think you hit the motherload.  It'll fill you up right but probably leave you lacking in the vitamin department.  Be sure to eat some veggies sometime during the week since eating pork dumpling everyday can't be good your GI track.   I recently ordered the boiled veggie dumplings and it took about 15 mins.  So if you're in a rush, you may want to stick with the pan fried dumplings since they usually done already.
Your dollar goes a long way here, as you can get 5 fried dumplings with pork and chives.  That is 20 cents per dumpling.  Stamps arent even that cheap!  I only tried the dumplings because I had already ate lunch and was in the mood to blow a dollar on some good eats.  One negative thing is that the skin is not as crispy as I like.  They cook the dumplings in a huge pan and since they cook it in a group, they tend to undercook them just so they can serve the customers.  That being said, the meat was plenty flavorful.  Next time I will try the sesame pancakes! 7 stars value, 4 star food.
I used go here a couple times a week at least.  They fry the dumplings a bit much, making them more crispy which is what I like.  It is my favorite dumpling hole.  One of the people who works there is blatantly racist against white people but that's just part of its charm.    Sometimes I get dumplings here and run up to the block and grab a Peking duck sesame pancake.
Oh my goodness! Huge portions of meat filing! Big 5 pcs of dumplings for 1 buck?! Oh heck yeah!! Amazingly delicious fried or boiled! The sesame pancakes are also very delicious! tastes like pizza hut pan crust with the vietnamese sandwich filing. It's a no brainer, get your butt over here and have some dumplings! For my fellow Koreans, buy the frozen 50pc dumplings for 9 bucks and make duk mandoo gook out of it. Prepare yourself for some serious wow!
The five-for-a-dollar plate of pork dumplings, fresh from the steamer, is the path to prosperity at this hole-in-the-wall shop. The vegetable dumplings are larger and do not hold together as well, and have an overwhelmingly earthy, mushroom flavour that leaves an unpleasant aftertaste. The next time I visit, I will eat the delicious-looking omelette that many people took away with them -- truck drivers and delivery men streamed in and out of this six-seater restaurant, each bringing a handful of change and leaving with a huge double-decker slice of the omelette.
This place is a must whenever I am in New York.  The 2000+ reviews say all that needs to be said.  Very cheap, very fast and very delicious.
Such delicious and cheap potstickers and dumplings! They have several different fillings to choose from, but at $1 for 4 you can buy several people's worth and try them all! The potstickers are golden fried to perfection, and the fillings are just the right texture and taste. You can order cold dumplings to take home and cook later, and the fried pancake isn't bad either. But definitely stop by for some potstickers if you can. The store itself is quite small and really not meant for eat-ins. There are some seats to the countertops, so if you are lucky you can snag one. Otherwise, you can fill a small thing of soy sauce and grab and go.
Went with a few friends for an appetizer before lunch because we were around the area and I remembered reading this on yelp. An AMAZING amount of reviews for such a small shop. Could it be hyped? Maybe, but that would not account for such a VAST number of POSITIVE reviews. It is as they say. It's an amazing appetizer. Freshly made. Fried pork & chive dumplings, that have a small bit of soup/juice/oil on the inside, like a Xiao Long Bao would have. It was very interesting. Did not expect the juice, which compliments nicely with the meat & dumpling skin. I wasn't wowed...good dumplings, but I'm not wowed. Just good! However, an establishment can get points for other things too. Having a variety of choices with prices less than a few bucks? MAJOR points. Bumped from a 4 star to a 5 star for that! I would NOT come back here JUST for dumplings. If I'm around the area, yeah, I'll go hit it up. But it's certainly not worth your day's worth trip to go try. Line can get long. I was lucky it was a relatively short line that day. 3 minute wait? Tip jar? For that price and the hard work that I saw in front of me, I went back and tipped a dollar for each of the workers I counted for.
Cheaper than food should be. More delicious than almost anything. So Chinese it hurts. You have to pick the ambiance... and I say this place is romantic because 1.) Dumplings 2.) It's hot and humid inside and 3.) Dumplings.
We love the dumplings there. The one thing you have to remember about that place is if you are taking your dumplings to go  you better go, and if you're eating in you better be eating in. They have a strange policy about that from what i remember when i go use to eat there. Anyhow, the dumplings are still the same, great quality pork and chive dumplings and you can't find this quality anywhere else.
One of my FAVORITE places in the whole city to trek to! It's amazingly cheap! A whole meal for $5 and under. When I'm down to my last or saving money for the week, this is where I go. The dumplings are delicious, the soup is amazing and the sesame pancake's are flavorful and filling. Did I mention they have an A on the window? This place stays packed, so it's hard to find seating, but it's well worth the wait and rumble in the winter time.
This is the best dumpling experience I've ever had. From the atmosphere walking to the joint to the excellent beef sesame pancake to the juicy little devils themselves; this is as good as it gets. Until this point I was a Dumpling House Man, but this really turned my world upside down. Go at night and you can catch a soccer game in the park a couple blocks away while chowing down. Blown Away!
Complete awesomeness.  I love dumplings, but it's so easy to find bad ones.  After reading about this place on yelp, I made it a priority on our last trip to NY.  We had the fried pork and scallions, steamed pork and veg, and the incredibly delicious sesame pancake with vegetables.  Thank you so much to whoever posted the picture of the restaurant - I printed that sucker out and took it with me on the hunt.   We spent less than $5 on the above and were too full to finish the steamed dumplings.  The place is super tiny, but we must have come in during a short lull, since we got seats immediately.  By the time we left about 10-15 minutes later, it was packed.
SOOOO good!  For $2.50 i can get 10 fried pork and chive dumplings.  They are delicious and flavorful.  They have many other kinds of dumplings including shrimp, chicken, beef, vegetarian and mushroom.  The menu is simple and to the point, they also have soups, breads and a couple noodle dishes. They recently renovated so they have more space inside, but because they are so popular it can be hard to find a seat.  I recommend getting them to go and taking your food into the park next door and watching people do their thing. Best dumplings in Chinatown!
Cheap, tasty and in a cramped little restaurant. The pork and onion, and vegetable dumplings are awesome.
In terms of taste, the famous dumplings of Prosperity Dumpling are 3 *s. The absolute steal of a deal (5 fried or boiled dumplings for $1) garners them an extra *. The dumplings are good, but not oh-my-goodness incredible. I thought the pork and chive filling was a little tough, but seriously at .20 for a large and generously-sized dumpling, I can't complain. For seriously cheap dumplings, they are indeed mighty tasty. Definitely Prosperity Dumpling is a must visit for a cheap lunch, dinner, or snack.
Ok this is hands down the best bang for your $1 in NYC. I have had $1 pizza. But this is more special. It has more meat than carbs. For $1 you get 5 pan fried dumplings. Walk up hand your $1 and The Dumpling Man hands you a box of dumplings. No fuss. If you are thirsty get hot sour soup for $1 or my favorite, soy bean milk for $1 as well. Don't judge this place for its location, cleanliness, or service with a smile. Stick to the protocol and you will be satisfied. On my way out I ordered 10 boiled dumplings to take home for $2 they were just as good. Seriously its cheaper than a pack of frozen dumplings at the Chinese market.
Places like this are the reason I love NYC. Like others have said, the food is ridiculously cheap. Given the price and the look of the place, I was expecting it to be your basic greasy-salty-and-a-little-gross-but-you-dont-care-­because-you-are-drunk-or-have-the-munchies food.  Don't get me wrong, the dumplings will definitely serve that purpose...but the food was actually surprisingly good. The sesame pancakes with duck, for example, were really interesting and fresh and felt like authentic Chinese street food. The fried pork and chive dumplings were really tasty and as good as you get anywhere, but probably 1/4 the price.   I recommend sticking to the fried dumplings and the pancakes. The boiled dumplings were not as tasty and the noodle dish we got was okay but was full of unnamed mystery meat.
Best dumplings ever. Prosperity's amazing dumplings are incredibly juicy, impressively flavorful, and crazy cheap (5 for $1)! WAY better than any other dumplings I've had in Los Angeles, San Francisco, NYC, and Beijing.   If you haven't had Prosperity's dumplings, you're missing out!! Don't even bother with Vanessa's Dumpling House a few blocks down.
Steamed dumplings are good, but not as great as the fried!  Very tight quarters inside, so if you plan on staying there to eat you might find yourself crammed in a corner and sauces are few and far between, so you might have to enjoy your dumplings with no sauce.  All in all, 5 great dumplings for a dollar, I don't mind the space at all.
This review is based off the VEGGIE DUMPLINGS ONLY, 8 for $2. um, well.. I hate to say this, Vanessa's are better but a buck more. These dumplings had some type of undefinable cabbage type substance within, whereas Vanessa's filling is cooked and definable.  This place is a 10x10 hole with 5 stools. Not bad, I do agree with Elle P, the dumplings are a 3* but the shear cheapness of it all bucks it up a star. I'm gonna go back for the Veggie Pancake.
Almost a month later and I am still thinking about these dumplings non-stop and how I wish I had gone every day when I was in NYC.   I LOVED this spot.  I loved the fact that it was super tiny, I loved watching the women making the dumplings in big pots in front of us (because the whole place is the size of a closet), I loved that there was a line well out the door for these, I loved that we were able to sit in one of the few bar stools and devour our dumpling in the shop while continuing to watch all of the action. These dumpling were worth the wait, they were fantastic and....on average they were a $1 for an order of 4 (some are slightly higher but all very inexpensive).  I am lucky if I can find a single dumpling for a dollar in Chicago let alone a whole order.   The duck pancake was good as well but the dumplings, oh the dumplings...they were something special!   Kudos prospertiy for a job well done!  We will see you next time!
DONT DEPEND ON GETTING A SEAT, THIS PLACE IS AS BIG AS A JAIL CELL. i got 8 boiled vegetable dumpings for $2.50 and a sesame pancake for $1. I am stuffed. Next time im buying a bag of frozen dumplings to take home. I saw about 5 little asian men come in and shove bags upon bags into a box. The place itself, is as i said small..crowded wouldnt be the correct term. The dumplings are small, but were very filling. I am stuffed on 8 and its the perfect amount. The sesame pancake was about the size of a normal slice of pizza, very doughy and covered in sesame seeds. if you plan on taking a drug test, dont come here for lunch prior. Youre asking to show up positive for heroin after eating one of these. I deff reccomend this place to anyone, alltho there are dumplings shops on practically every corner..every street..in the middle of a block..in this whole area. Not sure if theyre as cheap but holy fuck i love cheap. Bring an empty stomach and leave with money still in your wallet and a weight gain of about 5 lbs. oh yeah, NO BATHROOM! they water down their sriracha sauce! =(
Rudeness.   I love it with a side of fried pork and chive dumplings.  The delicate tingling of a million judgemental pinpricks cascade down my shoulders as I am rushed through my order. The haphazard manner in which my styro-foam plate is assembled and thrust out to me across the linoleum counter is the perfect accompaniment to my hot plastic container of beef noodle soup.  I fumble with my money in a moment of self-aware panic, overcome by a wave of incompetence under the burning glare of grandma whatever. Cleanliness.   Sometimes a thing I long for, sometimes a thing I can live without, sometimes something I must pretend exists.  One sits and eats much like one rubs the lotion on its skin.  Yes, Precious? Directions. Do not ask the best way to cook the bag of 50 frozen dumplings you have just sheepishly purchased for $8.  To thaw first or not to thaw first, yay, that is the question.  Don't worry, you have 48 left to get it right. Prosperity. It is time.
Blink while walking past this little joint, and you might almost miss it. If it weren't for the delicious smell of fried pork dumplings wafting out, it'd pass as another small, non-descript NYC Chinatown storefront. But what a find! For $1 you can buy yourself 5 juicy, sweet, and slightly crispy fried pork dumplings. In fact, everything on the menu hovers around this magical $1 mark. This is one of the few places (that I can think of) in Manhattan that you can get a good meal for less than what most people spend on a spin cycle at their local laundromat. 'Prosperity' must be a misnomer since I have no idea how they manage to stay in business with such low prices but I am glad they've found a way!
$1 for 5 dumplings, enough said. I was visiting NY and my friend recommended this place. So glad I stopped in, the dumplings are cooked right before your eyes. No frills, super cheap and really delicious. Reminded me of the night market street vendor food in Taiwan with a price to match. The place is tiny, so you have to get your food to go. Pan fried or boiled, can't go wrong. Better yet, get 5 of both.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses. Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
place was a shitty whole in the wall that somehow got an 'A' health rating (probably forged) but FIVE dumplings for $1 We got the fried pork and chive which were ready in about 4 seconds and scalding hot fresh outa the pan.  But once you let em cool theyre actually really good. Ill probably go for the boiled ones next time (fried ones had a ton of oil)
Probably the best deal in Manhattan. Not just for sheer quantity of food, but its high quality as well. The pork and chive tastes fresh, with a nice sesame oil marinade. Tastes like what my parents make, and that's saying something! I would eat here everyday if I lived closer. There is no excuse for walking by elderige st and not picking up 5 of these amazing potstickers
TL;DR The reason I believe you can be homeless or in poverty and still never go hungry in NYC. I'm telling you right now, this place is America!  You don't just go here for the cheap eats, which I'll get to, but you go here to see the immigrant American dream in progress.   It's located behind a middle school where they throw the trash away.  THE SCHOOL LUNCH TRASH!! with the buckets of milk!  Street is a cesspool of germs.  You walk in (if there's no line out the door) and its just a hole in the wall place.  You look behind the counter, and other than the cashier, you'll see 9-11 other people (I've counted on various days) cooking or making dumplings, soups, and pancakes.  It's a mad house behind the counter.  10-12 people may seem to be a regular amount of workers, but this place is smaller than your freshman dorm...AND THEY HAVE TO FIT A KITCHEN IN THERE TOO! You don't come here to be fancy, you come here to be...to be.  The guy working the counter sweatin his a$$ off will ask you what you want.  In those exact words, "What you want?"  He's not being rude, he's just asking.  Unless its the teenage girl working over the weekend.  That's usually how you know this is a family owned and operated establishment, a school age person who is the only one that speaks perfect English in the entire place. Here's a breakdown of what I mainly order when I go here: Pork Dumplings $1 for 4: I remember the good ol days when it was still a dollar for 5.  This was the last high quality dumpling hold out for that.  It was truly the end of an era.  Either way these dumplings are so good they make you feel like a Roman orgy is happening in your mouth.  It's like as if Superman and Jean Grey was having some sort of super power sex...in your mouth.  Then the perfect superpower baby was born that is pretty much the coming of the next messiah...in your mouth.  These things are simplicity incarnate.  Minimalists artists should be painting pictures of these things.  Perfectly cooked (most of the time) and packed with flavor and juices.  The top part of the dumpling is perfectly steamed, while the bottom gives you the perfect crunch from the crispiness.  As you bite into it juice will jizz out, so be careful.  This isn't drunk food or a snack for me, this is a meal.  two or three dollars and you got yourself a lunch feast.  I'll eat these puppies day and night.  I rarely order anything else here.   Hot and sour soup $1.50 for small $3 for large: Their hot and sour soup is...hot and sour soup.  The ingredients in the soup is shredded a bit too much for my liking.  It becomes too much like...soup.  that's just me though.  I prefer Vanessa's Dumplings' hot and sour soup where the ingredients are kept more intact and you're actually taking bites.  This is a good compliment with your dumplings. Sesame Pancake $1 a slice:   If you really want a feast, add this to your order.  I don't really add anything in between.  The sesame taste and the oil is actually good enough for me.  If I add meat in between I would be too full to eat my dumplings.  I usually dip this in my hot and sour soup.  Keep in mind this is all bread.  Some people find it pretty bland, but if you're going to run a marathon in an hour and you're poor as f*&k, buy 3 of these to carbo load.  I'm sure it'll give you enough energy for 26 miles.   When I'm feeling like a fatty i order 2 dollars worth of dumplings, 1 small hot and sour soup, and 1 small pancake.  You'll be full for the whole day for $4.50...IN NYC!!  Seriously...its nuts.  Makes a person think about economic theories on inflation and its application to enclaves within larger society.  Well since you've read this far, I'll give you some tips on maximizing your experience here: 1. You see that Sriracha bottle?  Use it!  Don't be a pu$$y.  They water it down for you anyway.  I think they do that to save money, but also to actually adapt the spiciness level for Americans. 2. You see that other Sriracha bottle that's obviously not Sriracha, but looks like soy sauce?  USE IT!! It's not pure soy sauce, it's actually a type of vinegar.  If you put too much, your dumplings will be pungent.  I say just have 1 squirt per dollar worth of dumplings on top of the actual Sriracha sauce. 3. DON'T eat in the store.  Yes they provide benches and a tiny bar, but really it'll be so uncomfortable and crowded, you're better off treking to a near by park or bench and eating it in comfort while people watching.  Also you're in the way of people ordering.  They'll hate you for it and you'll hate them.  Dumplings should cause love, not hate. 4. It takes approximately 5 minutes for dumplings to be ready the second they put it in the wok.  They have 2 woks dedicated to dumplings.  Each wok holds approximately 50 dumplings (guesstimate).  Use this to time out your wait and if you think its worth getting.  If it's your first time, it's worth the wait 5. Lunch time is usually when they have lines and waits can be 20 min or more.
Super cheap, super awesome dumplings! No frills, just great food. 4-for $1!! They're amazing and the sesame pancake was delightful. Any time I'm in the City, I go out of my way to come here.
Stick a First Response in me and call me pregnant.  From the amount of food I consume right down to my hormonal outbursts, I won't blame you.  I also suffer from week-long cravings, during which I don't like to eat much of anything else.  Thankfully, it's usually a general food item (e.g. shrimp) that can be prepared in many different styles, but it was a bad week when I wanted funnel cake! Sometimes, however, my cravings come in handy.  For example, have you ever noticed how many people have no idea what they want to eat?  This indecisiveness is oftentimes amplified by (a) the number of people trying to decide, or (b) when you're starving. Friend 1: Where should we go eat? Friend 2: Hm, I don't know.  Where do you want to eat? Friend 1: Uh, I don't care.  What type of food do you want? Friend 2: No, I really don't care.  You pick. Friend 1: Well, I'm not sure.  Um, maybe.. Me: STFU, I'm starving and I want dumplings. [cue scared looks] So, dumplings it was.  About three months ago, it was soup dumplings, but this time, I wanted them straight up.  We hopped the M15 to Chinatown and arrived at Prosperity Dumpling.  I ordered five pork and chive fried (holla for a dolla!) and an $8 bag of 50 to satisfy my at-home cravings. Out on the street, I dug into my Styrofoam takeout container.. hot, greasy pork juices mixed with the salty dark soy sauce and pillow-y thick dumpling dough, freshly crisped and just brown.  The other four didn't stand a chance before the end of the block. And for the record, I finished the bag in four days.  God help the world food supply when I finally do get pregnant.
I'm only reviewing the dumplings here. In fact, just the fried ones. If you want to get the sesame sandwich things, the boiled dumplings, just about whatever else. You can probably get better renditions elsewhere in Chinatwn. But, the fried dumplings here are TO DIE FOR. They remind me of my mom's dumplings. Filled with chives and pork and perfectly savory. Actually, maybe a little better than mom because she's afraid of using too much oil to fry them up. And, prosperity has no qualms with laying on the grease. YUM! 5 for $1 beats just about any of the other dumpling places (I'm looking at you Dumpling House!). Wait here is never long, but there's also never any seating available. So be prepared to eat standing or to find a spot outside.
Woohoo! As good as it gets... For the delicious cheap dumplings, soups, and pancakes you can get for just a few bucks!! Opted for #4 Chives & Pork Fried Dumplings (5) for $1; #6 Veggie & Pork Boiled Dumplings (10) for $2; and #15 Sesame Pancake (1) for $1. The Fried Dumplings are tremendous - bursting with flavor, juice and that extra burnt crunch from the fry-pan. The Boiled Dumplings are yummy but definitely slightly lacking in flavor after eating the Fried Dumplings. Sesame Pancake is good and very filling. The place is tiny, so get ready to be cramped and rub shoulders with friends and strangers alike. Love them tasty and cheap Prosperity Dumplings!!
Incredibly cheap place, with GREAT dim-sum style food. For a quick order, get two orders of pork fried dumplings and the hot and sour soup. And that will cost you $3.25. Ridiculously cheap and yummy No place to sit, unless you count the four stools cramped up into the wall... It is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place, popular for it's price/quality of food for the price. Grab and go, so if you have friends in town, make sure you have a place in mind to chow down (there's a park down the street.... But it was pouring the first time I went, so my friend who is very tall and felt like he didn't fit in the tiny order area had to wait outside) Usually I grab food after getting back on one of those Chinatown busses to welckme myself bacj to NYC ;)
This a small little place with the best dumplings, you will ever have. I have brought many people here to try it for themselves and they have loved it. For $1 you get 5 steamed of fried pork & chive dumplings. I am able to eat about 15 dumplings by myself. They are really flavorful and the dough covering it is not too too thick and the amount of meat inside is perfect. When I go i usually buy the bag of frozen dumplings and steam them if I have the time or just fry them. Either way this place is a must try and I know you will not regret it.
Chinatown is by far my favorite neighborhood. Everything is cheap as hell and the collared shirts have yet to take it over. As for this dumpling spot, it is one of the many places down there where you can get a terrific and cheap meal. 10 for 2 beans or you can go big and get a bag of 50 frozen guys for 8 beans.
Solid five stars. 1. food is awesome. best dumpling I have ever had. I try to avoid eating pork but for this place, I must have no. 1 from the menu. 2. service is prompt and somewhat nice. 3. ahhh what about the price? where can you ha e a meal for under $2 in NYC with all the labor and inflation?? 4. it opens late! They work so hard!! I think five stars aren't enough to praise their hard work to feed frugal hungry new yorkers!
Fabulous. Get the chive and pork dumplings and sesame duck pancake. The prices are great, and you get so many dumplings. I'll be back for my freshly made Chinese food fix.
I hit this place for the first time today and I almost lost my shit.  I walked out of here with THIRTY FIVE dumplings and 2 sesame pancakes for $9!   That's right, NINE BUCKS FOR 35 DUMPLINGS AND TWO PANCAKES!?!?  WTF???!!!   Has anyone told these people that they live in New York City?  I hope not! Pork and Chive Steamed Dumplings - MONSTER JAM Veggie and Pork Steamed Dumplings - Jam Pork and Chive Fried Dumplings - MOTHERFUCKER Sesame Pancake with Veggies - Jam Jam to Crap Score: 6.5/8 - 81.25% *Certified Crap Free*
You have absolutely no excuse not to eat here.   It's fast.  Your meal will cost less than the subway fare it took to get there.  And it's so, so, so good.  Delicious juicy porky tasty exploding with flavor and crispy on the outside and just good lord praise Jesus and have mercy and pass me the napkins.   And they give you a side of sauce.   And they have the crispy salty chewy warm lovely deliciousness that is the sesame pancake.  If you're not familiar with it, just get it.  Try it.  You have nothing to lose but a mere 75 cents.  And an entire world of luscious calories to gain and savor and mmmm.   Pork dumplings.  Do it.  Get them pan-fried.  Boiled is okay.  But you know pan-fried is better.  Get it.  Eat it.  Love it.  Worship it.   Been there twice.  Still haven't been able to try the pork fried bun.  4 for a dollar.  Can you beat that?  And still make it taste good?  I can't even get four quarters to make a dollar anymore.  Be warned though: they only serve it after 10:30 in the morning, so don't go too early.   It is a hole in the wall.  No more than 4 people can stand in the shop at one time.  And you will savor your wait.  Meaty, juicy, porky, fresh, tasty, fricken awesome and the memory is making me weep.  Why, Boston?  Why... Do it.   Eat.   Now.   Stop reading.   And go.
Please make note:  I did not have their ready to eat dumplings, I bought the frozen ones. The frozen dumplings need improvement, because the skins were cracked!  The meat were leaking out because cracked skins cannot be boiled!  When you have leaky dumplings, the flavor will go out too!  UGH, just read this: cracked skins = leaky dumplings when boiled = less flavor in stuffing and greasy soup Also, this place is so packed!!!
Dumpling perfection achieved!! As so many others have said, they just do dumplings right.  The skin isn't too thick but it's hearty enough to hold in all the yummy juices and it has a great flavor.  I had the pork and chives and the chives tasted fresh, the pork was sweet and juicy and just overall it's a great mouth experience. I also tried the sesame pancake with duck after reading all the sesame pancake raves.  Now, I may know dumplings but this was my first sesame pancake so I have nothing to compare it to.  All I can say is, "Holy crap that's good!"  The combo of duck and veggies just had this amazing flavor I can't really describe; it reminded me of cherries but just in a subtle way.  The veggies were fresh and crispy and went well with the tender duck and spongy light pancake.  It's so worth it!   AND, ten dumplings plus the duck-filled pancake only cost me $3.75!!!  I'm so full and practically had to force-feed myself the final dumplings because they're so delicious.  AMAZING!!
Best dumpling place in NY Chinatown! First of all, it's ridiculously CHEAP, so if you are expecting anything fancy (food, presentation, location, etc), this place is definitely NOT for you! That aside, there's nothing I would hate about this place. It's like a small hole in the wall that serves delicious and very affordable food. Their menu is based heavily on choices of dumpling. I had the Chives and Pork & Chinese vegetables and pork dumplings, both BOILED. They were amazingly good! Hot and feels freshly made! I didn't go for the fried ones because they look pretty greasy, but if you like fried stuff, I'd say go for it! I also had the chives and egg pancake and that was amazing as well. Love, love, love every bit of that pancake!! In total, I ended up paying like $15 for food enough to feed 4 hungry people! Ridiculous I'd say!! I wish they open a joint here in SF! That said, I'll definitely go back when I'm in NYC again! PS. It's cash only! So bring some cash and dive in!!
Holy crap...this place is the bomb!  Perfect example of a hole-in-the-wall spot tasting better than any chain.  Really...really...fried and steamed dumplings 5 for $1...I wish I lived in NYC for these dumplings.  Once you bite into the dumplings, tasty juice comes out.  But be careful, it's served really hot that you get so excited about taking a bite that you burn your mouth and have to spit it out...what a waste!  Definitely need to go there again!!!
Such great dumplings for so cheap it feels like they're free! The pork dumplings both steamed and fried are awesome. I also really like the scallion pancakes. The restaurant itself is small and kinda gross looking. I have no idea how they got an A sanitary rating?!? But they did! I managed to grab a seat at the counter, but I recommend taking your food to go. This place is the real deal! Go get some!
THIS PLACE IS INSANE! 4 fresh fried pork dumplings (really the best dumplings I've ever had by far) for just 1$?! In New York City?! You could not find any better place!
I have a theory about Chinese restaurants. And practically every Chinese kid who has had a Chinese restaurant in their family line will usually agree with me: The dirtier the bathroom, the better the food is. Now, Prosperity gets an extra point there because they don't even HAVE a bathroom that I know of. It fits the general criterion - its gritty. Its dirty. Its crowded. And they speak horrible English. (Just hand them $2 and say "dumplings" and they'll take care of you). The food is fantastic and addictive. FIVE juicy pan fried pork and chive dumplings for a dollar. Unlike some dumpling places who have made their dumplings smaller because of the economy, or downgraded to four dumplings for a dollar, this place is true to their claim. I wouldn't have gotten thru college without this place. The sesame pancakes (which are filled with pork and cilantro) are also fantastic. Don't plan on sitting here, but do plan on spending less than $5 and rolling yourself home. Oh - and I recommend the Sriracha hot sauce ;) Grab it off the counter and apply before you leave!
My stroke of luck with this place had been unintentional.  Apparently I have always gone there on weekdays and never realized it.  The people who push and shove and pile in the 5 x 5 space on the weekend are touristy and horrible and have zero concept of proxemics. However.....I discovered that Prosperity Dumpling isn't just a denizen for pork dumplings. A recent vegetarian wager left me forlorn thinking I wouldn't have them again, but then I discovered their steamed vegetarian dumplings.  They don't have the same fried sensation of a coronary, but they are just as tasty. And from now on I will be happy to wait for a fresh from the wok sesame pancake with vegetables.  The difference is amazing!  And it was great before, but to get it fresh is a whole new dumpling party! So good, an obsession with this place is totally normal.
best $3.25 lunch I ever had... It was my first time, so I wanted to try a little of everything. I got: 5 fried dumplings (pork and chive) wonton soup sesame pancake. All were amazing! The dumplings were the best, closely followed by the sesame pancake.
Don't be scared by its interior and exterior. This is not meant to be a classy establishment! Pork chive dumplings - 5 fried, 10 steamed. 1 sesame pancake with duck, one with beef. All this for $6.50. Me and my boyf could not finish everything... . The dumplings are quite amazing. I wish the skin was thinner but the pork is really tasty!!! The sesame pancake with duck is DIVINE. But bring wet wipes, they are super greasy. I have had better dumplings (my mothers :)) but a full meal for 2 for $6.50? can't beat it!!    Don't be deterred by a line either - its moves quickly.  Walk a block or two away and sit in the little playground.
If someone asked me to pick the quintessential nyc chinatown eatery, I would without doubt say Prosperity Dumpling. Absolutely delicious and so inexpensive it hurts. Spacious? Nope. Sanitary? Not really. Fresh? Absolutely. There's always a line out the door so their turnover is incredible. Five for a dollar? You can't beat it. And their pancakes are quite good as well. Go, wait anxiously, squeeze in to order with the fifteen other people in the four foot space, and take em outside where you can admire the chinatown streets. (I'd focus more on the dumplings though.) It'll be well worth it, I promise you.
Awesome: The low prices (that make you wonder how they stay in business). Great: The sesame pancakes with beef. Good: The dumplings. Okay: The small space (an absolute nightmare 3 PM onwards due to school kids packing in the place like a third world country bus)
It's cheap and quick. But the food was not good. We ordered veggie soup dumplings and chives and pork soup dumplings. The vegetable in my dumplings were bad and tasted sour; the pork one wasn't cooked through. Try for yourself, maybe the quality varies. But as a Chinese who knows her dumplings, my suggestion: keep your expectation as low as the price.
Literally one of the cheapest and most delicious meals I've ever had in NYC. For just a couple of bucks you can get a whole boatload of dumplings that were handmade probably no longer than an hour before ordering by the cooks behind the counter in plain sight. The place is super tiny so quickly figure out what you're going to order because you don't want to be standing at the counter for minutes with everyone barking up your behind. Give your order, pay, and stand to the side. The line moves quickly but I noticed that if you order some of the irregular items, like anything other than the chicken or pork fried dumplings, or anything boiled, it may take more time. The chicken and pork fried dumplings they have cooking all the time but the others, not so much.
"Um, OMG.  I love jury duty.  I had the best lunch today, ever." "Where???" "This place called Prosperity Dumpling!  It was delicious." "What did you get?" "10 dumplings, sesame pancake, and soy milk, all for-" "What, like five dollars?" "Three fifty." "WTF." Seriously, this place is obscenely cheap.  And really quite good.  I got the steamed dumplings, which seems to be a departure from the standard fried everyone else was ordering, but they were great.  A little thick-skinned, but who can complain at 10 for $2.  The slice of sesame pancake was great: reminded me of Darda in Milpitas, CA, but quite frankly, it was better.  Jam-packed with sesame goodness, piping hot, and with that nice crust that makes that nice clean sound when they press down across it with the butcher cleaver.  Ahhh.  And 75 cents. The soy milk was so so, and also 75 cents.  I probably wouldn't order it again. I was a little sad that they no longer serve chive dumplings (jiu cai he zi).  But I will for sure be back to try the fried dumplings and other tasty options!
HOW IS IT SO CHEAP? Ancient Chinese dumpling magic, that's how. (also, the scallion pancakes stuffed with veg are AMAZING)
How is it possible that whenever I go here, there is always a line? Even if it's some odd in-between meal time. It's this way for a reason. I will say that the last time I came and brought some friends, we didn't happen to get fresh off the skillet pan-fried dumplings - so the bottoms weren't as crispy and it didn't quite have that amazingness that it usually does - but the sesame pancake with sliced beef was spot on. I still stand beside my 5/5 rating for Prosperity Dumpling though.
Honestly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Several factors contribute to this. 1. Great taste-The dumplings are absolutely amazing.  The fried pork and chive dumplings are always crispy on the bottom and delightful soft on top.  The boiled dumplings are equally wonderful.  The sesame pancake is delicious as well, kinda like a Chinese pizza.  All around great food. 2. Economy, Economy, Economy - 5 fried dumplings cost only $1!!! A sesame pancake is $2 and the boiled dumplings are $2 as well.  I have even bought a bag of 50 frozen dumplings for $9.  Unbeatable prices. Prosperity Dumpling is an amazing restaurant and a very loveable hole in the wall.  I would recommend it to anyone!
I go here almost three days out of the five days I wrk. I absolutely love it. The best cheap eat around . I always order the sesame pancake w/ vegetables and the 'whole wheat vegetable dumplings' and it comes to $3.75. One thing I will say is check your dumplings..they mix them up some times :(
The fried pork and chives dumplings - the mainstay here - are phenomenal, and they're a steal at five for a buck. The dumpling skins are incredibly thin, and the filling is very juicy and wonderfully flavored with garlic and scallions (sorry, but those aren't chives). They're pan-fried on one side, so they're both crispy and tender. There are only two stools and a very short, narrow counter, so you'll probably be eating your food outside, but that's fine when the weather is good. Also, that stuff in the old Sriracha bottles that looks like soy sauce? It's actually dumplings sauce. Squirt and enjoy.
Yes, it's cheap, and the dumplings are good. My classmate brought some to school and I decided to check it out based on what I ate. But no way will I eat there again. The guy at the front takes money with his bare hands, BLOWS HIS NOSE, and wipes sweat off his face. Then reaches into the freezer to put my dumplings in the pot. I threw them away after paying, I'll gladly take the hit of a few bucks so I don't get sick. No one in this place uses gloves. He even handled the pancakes with his bare hands without washing them too. Not to mention, I'm white. I stood there waiting for my order, and he helped every Asian person that came in after me before completing my order. Even gave my food to an Asian lady who ordered what I ordered after me, then made me wait while he boiled more dumplings. BOOO!
Not sure what the whole craze for these dumplings are.  They taste just like regular dumplings that you can get anywhere else that sells Chinese food.  I guess it doesn't taste like the typical AMERICAN CHINESE dumpling, but hello people these are what real Chinese dumplings are supposed to be...trust me, I'm Chinese.   I'm glad that they can show what real Chinese food is supposed to be --although STILL not up to par...
Cash only, dirty tiny countertops for 4 people total to comfortably eat at, and the best fried veggie dumplings I've ever had in my life. I could cry with joy, but I won't because my dumplings would get cold! Oh - did I mention that you get 8 veggie dumplings for two little dollars here???!!! That, and a $1 soda gives me a nice lunch for $3. Now I can afford some NYC fashion!
If you're looking for quality dumplings on the cheap, head over the Prosperity Dumpling.  $1 for 5 dumplings.  For the price, it's one of the best deals in town. What my hubs and I do, is headover and buy the 50 dumplings for $8 and take it home to cook.  Pan fry or steam those babies up and it's better than eating at the restaurant. MMM...craving dumplings now as I write this review.
A diamond in the rough for sure! After exploring the city and getting hungry for something on the cheap, Yelp helped me find this place. It has maybe 5 stools lining the very narrow interior. If you are lucky and aren't claustrophobic, you can eat on the small bar. It's so tiny, yet produces delicious food! There were people jam packed in here all ordering fresh dumplings. I ordered fresh, made-to-order veggie dumplings and a pancake. I grabbed my bag and headed to the nearby park. Talk about tasty for under $5! It filled me up and I wish I could find a place in Charlotte that came even close to this.
First of all, I don't know how this place has an A sanitation rating bc it looks pretty sketch inside, but I like that it helps me maintain the illusion that eating here is a good life decision, health-wise. This place is freaking awesome, as almost every other person has said. I'm only reviewing to say that although the fried pork dumplings seem to be the standard/what people generally recommend I actually prefer the boiled ones. It's awkward bc the menu says boiled but the guy who takes your order says steamed, and during one of the 3-4 times he slightly frantically checks to make sure he's got your order right it gets confusing for people who haven't been before: "you have one steamed?" "uh, I got ten boiled?" "yes, one steamed." "one order steamed? Yes. But I want boiled? That's the same thing right?" "steamed, okay." "Um."
I use to eat dumplings here everyday after school. I love it.
Could be the best deal in NYC. Had one order of dumplings ($1) and one pork sesame pancake ($1.75) and was stuffed. If you want dumplings you must go here.
Um, whaaaaattt?? Why is this higher rated than Vanessa's? This place was tiny and gross and what I witnessed here was disgusting. The guy handling the cash and handing people their food was snorting and snorting up snot for a few minutes, and then I saw him wipe snot from his nose...not on his sleeve, not on his arm, not on the back of his hand, but on his FINGERTIPS. Whyyyyyyyyyyyy??? Several times, he wiped his nose with the tips of his fingers, and then handed food to people, like it ain't no thang. I'm a person who doesn't think twice about eating street meat. I don't care when I see cockroaches in restaurants (it's New York). I'm fine eating at a place with a B grade in the window. This was beyond the pale. If that's something the guy two feet away from the customers is comfortable doing, I can't even imagine what they're hiding in the back of the kitchen. So gross. Go to Vanessa's, I've never seen anything like that there; it seems clean and orderly, and they serve the same stuff for the same price. And there's also a place to sit that isn't gross and awkward.
Bomb...that's all I can say. We tried both steamed and fried. Vegetable and pork. I believe the steamed pork were our favorite. and can you say a bang for your buck! I don't understand how they can sell these so cheap. The guy doing the register is also manning the wok and then there are like 5 Chinese ladies right behind him stuffing dumplings. The place has like 4 stools total at a bar along each side of the wall, so don't expect to sit down. There is a constant line,  but it moves quick and is well worth the wait.
I love china town....and I love to snack while I'm there, so needless to say I've taken more than one person to my favorite dumpling place....and while their reaction to "5 dumplings for a dollar" is always different before the meal, everyone comes away with the same conclusion. Take for instance my girlfriend who after hearing "cheapest dumplings ever" decided to wait outside and shot me this "I don't understand options trading but there is no way you are this poor" look. It was however, slightly understandable, the place is very very tiny, and was extremely packed. Strolling up to the park just up Eldridge to enjoy my coveted prize, I let her taste one.....she was instantly converted. The guys at work were a little easier to convince....slashed bonus = yearning for a cheap lunch.....One bite into the sesame pancake....which is more like a piece of foccaccia....and they were converted. As I work my way around the menu I will try to provide updates but as of now..... 5 pork and chive dumplings - $1 - absolutely amazing, thin skin, flavorful filling, I can't comprehend how they sell them this cheap. 4 fried pork buns - $1 - not bad, but a little doughy for my taste Sesame pancake - .75 - if you go there and don't order this.....you just wasted a trip. They are also in close proximity to the China Town Bus, so a great snack to pick up before any long rides.
There are some places that change your view of the world, this is one of those places.   It's cheap, it's good, it's dirty, it's delicious, it's fresh, it's cheap.  i don't care who you are...you'll find something you like.  If you don't like it...it only cost you a couple bucks. Would not recommend the meat and noodles though.
5 delicious pot stickers for 1$?!!? I am usually a fan of boiled dumpling but they were still cooking.   Taste is amazing;  the filling inside well seasoned. I only wish it was in a more convenient location to get to... Also, there is virtually no place to sit if it is busy but you can always go to a nearby cafe, get something to drink, and enjoy yourself.
Read the reviews. Go there. The dumplings are amazing. Had #7 ($2) like the 10 people in front of me. After the first bite I thought the world stopped spinning and the sun exploded. Also had beef noodles ($3.50) which were rich, flavorful, and delicious. Like much of NYC -cash only spot.
First time a friend had gotten me the steam vege dumplings, i can't believe how good they are and its so fresh tasting too! Its cheap and delicious, what more can u ask :D today i had ordered them again and still taste so yummmmy....hip hip horrah..... I will come again n again n again, also had the hot n sour soup n lovin every sip even though I was steaming inside...great place*
Best cheapest dumplings in the city
We wondered why there was a line out the door for this small mom and pop shop and we know why- the food is delish for a great price! We had dumplings and some noodle soup - tasty!! In our short trip to NY, this was our fave quick stop. Only downside is the place is super packed and tiny so seating is limited.
I grew up making dumplings, because my cousins made dumplings, because our Aunts and Uncles and parents, and grandparents, all made dumplings. I've had them in soup, in chili sauce, straight from the pan, straight from the steamer... well, you get the point. Prosperity Dumpling offers both friend and steamed dumplings. The pork and chive is fantastic and the dough is perfection - with just the right thickness and crispness from the wok. The price is right too. 5 dumplings for $1!!! I ordered the sesame panke (like a light pancake) with duck too. I've had better duck, but the two complimented each other nicely and the panke was also very good and not very oily either. Everything was made fresh. Be prepared to wait on weekends, and a few extra minutes for the steamed dumplings. There's over a thousand reviews for a reason! For 20 dumplings and 2 sesame panke, I paid $7 TOTAL. Definitely a 5 star spot!
Where else can you get lunch for $1.75...which consisted of 5 pork potstickers and a sesame pancake.  So good. Except I was still hungry. That's fine.  So next time I'll spend $2.75 for lunch.
There is something special about eating with strangers in such close quarters. Only in New York would people know how to cram into a literal hole in the wall, get their lunch, slurp it down, and get out of there without getting hurt. I did bump into a few people while I was packed inside Prosperity Dumpling. Nobody got hurt and everybody was understanding. And while most people eat their dumplings and mind their own business, the guy sitting next to me asked me about cameras, which I admitted I knew nothing about (have you seen my overexposed pictures?) And all these experiences for just a dollar! Prosperity is probably the most popular of the dollar dumpling shops in Chinatown (there's also a location in Sunset Park). You get five fried dumplings for a dollar. One single dollar! That's crazy! They're pretty filling, but if you're still hungry you can always get 10 boiled dumplings for two dollars. That's 15 dumplings for $3!!! I'm not even going to have to collect these receipts for tax purposes. Since it was in my budget, I ordered both boiled and fried dumplings. The boiled took about ten minutes because they were made fresh, but I was able to start with the fried ones. The fried dumplings had a very crispy skin that gave way to quite a bit of steam which eventually gave way to the ground pork and chive mixture. The exterior had an awesome crunch and flavor without being greasy. I used the soy vinegar and sriracha sauce from the communal bottle to drown my dumplings. The soy gave it a nice sharp balance and the sriracha heated things up just a bit. The boiled versions shared the same meaty, flavorful pork and chive mixture. It was a bit generic and tasted like all the other dumpling fillers I've had before but there was a generous portion of it and it was fresh and tender. When I burst open this wrapper, the hot juices exploded everywhere. I was worried my camera friend was going to turn against me. And the crunch of the scallions stood out more with the boiled ones. Although, of course, they needed more sauce to give them some flavor. But the wrapper was soft and tender and you could really taste the freshness and homemade quality of the dumpling itself. Still, I was a bit partial to the crunchy fried versions. I couldn't get over the perfect light crispy texture. And at 20 cents each, I was tempted to go crazy and just keep ordering. -eatthisny
What's not to love about 5 dumplings for $1??? I felt cheap only spending a buck, so I added a chicken sesame pancake for $1.75 and it was both huge and delicious. The dumplings are excellent as well..
I rode the subway all the way from midtown for dumplings at Prosperity. Decent walking distance from the subway stop. The dumplings are cheap as well. We had three different orders with a total of 24 dumplings for 6.50. It makes sense that it is always busy.
If you want to get in and out with dumplings for $1 in under a minute, then order the #6 chives and pork dumplings. We ordered #6 chives and pork (5 pieces), #11 vegetable? (8 pieces) and #13 shrimp (8 pieces). It took about 10 minutes to get the other two kinds (11 and 13). While we were waiting, a ton of people came, paid a dollar, and left with dollar dumplings.... I liked #6 chives and pork, and #13 shrimp. Didn't like the vegetable one as much. If I lived close by it would be a weekly visit because honestly, if you can get yummy dumplings for a dollar... who wouldn't?
I thought the prices were a misprint or 20 years out of date.  But it's really that cheap. I tried ordering take out though and their english wasn't working out so I had to go down there, but the service is quick enough that it doesn't really matter.
The price alone is why I gave this place 5 stars!  So after work I decided to head down to chinatown to compare Prosperity with Vanessa's. For $1 I got 4 pan fried pork and chive dumplings! Try getting another deal like that outside of chinatown...nope it can't be done. The cashier seem kind of rude, but hey i won't hold it against him (different cultures :/) Waited a few mins (less than 15) and was presented with 4 tasty dumplings. Seating is very limited and it was hot so I ate them on the road. Careful they are quite hot! Almost burned myself eating them. Will be back to try some more!
4 pork and chive dumplings for a buck.  pretty good.  i mean i can't really complain for a buck.  don't know why there aren't more homeless people hanging out here.   but seriously this dumpling place is a dump.  maybe wipe your counters and sauce bottles once in a while.
Oh my gosh.  CHEAP and GOOD.  Amazingggggg.   It's so cool seeing them make the dumplings fresh in the back and cooking them in the front. Buy bags of them frozen and take them home (we seriously buy 2 bags at a time)!!
6 pan fried dumplings = $1 Eating something at 9am after a red eye flight = priceless Random notes:  I love making dumplings but I'm not a huge fan of dumplings. These didn't change my mind but it was nice to eat something hot.  True hole-in-the-wall. Only a handful of stools to sit by the counter. There was no temperature differential between the Jan winter outdoors and the store inside. (Or was I here before the heater kicked in?) The people who run this store speak my village Chinese dialect! I didn't say anything since my mom told me not to tell people what flavor of Chinese I am. Apparently our people have a bad rep. "It's ok Mom. I'm American. That's enough detail I'm giving." Also, my Chinese is horrendous but hearing it was a nice homey welcome to NYC.
1 dollar for 5 Pork and Chive dumplings! DEAL This place is pretty good and it's extremely cheap! I get the sesame pancakes with duck and the pork and chive fried dumplings. Wasn't a huge fan of the boiled dumplings but they were okay. I took a friend here recently and we were able to have a huge feast for the two of us for just 7 dollars. Not the best place to take a date or anything but it's an awesome place to come by for a cheap and good meal
We go back to NY because of this. Bomb.
i've made a point to stroll through chinatown and try all the recommended and not-so-recommended dumpling spots.  little did i know that the only one i ever needed to find was prosperity.   delicate, delicious dumplings and crisp, savory sesame pancakes (the absolute best i have ever had) make this place THE dumpling spot in Lower Manhattan. I've actually brought the sesame pancakes (cut into smaller triangles and in a nice bowl) to dinner parties and people go ape. and wait, what?, it's cheap as fu..  it's very inexpensive.  which is nice.
kickass dumplings. hole in the wall joint. service is great considering their asian (hey, a lot of them in chinatown arent good with customer service). and really frickin cheap. with 3$ you can be stuffed with 15 dumplings. aweee-some.
SWEET BABY JESUS! We wanted to eat cheaply for lunches in NYC since our dinners were going to be more pricey. Thanks to all of the great YELP reviews, we decided to go out of our way to get here, and we are so happy we did!! Our tastebuds and wallets were equally happy. Sooooo delicious and very cheap!! We got the pork and chive dumplings, peanut noodles (2) and hot and sour soup for under ten dollars. The dumplingswere filling, as were the noodles, I could not finish the noodles, even though I really wanted to. That peanut sauce was so awesome! The soup was a little lacking in flavor, I did not wast stomach space on it. There's not really much seating, but this is a delicious cheap option in a fairly expensive city!
Dumplings are tasty and cheap! Can also buy them frozen in a bag! Owner is nice and gives you instructions how to fry them properly. He even gave us one of the sauces for free. Sesame pancakes are simple and delicious. Noodles are fine. Can walk away with a full stomach with just $5!
Getting a authentic meal and a full belly under $5.00 here in NYC that's not off the McDonald's dollar menu almost feels like I'm stealing! The food truly is a great value for the money, and with the high turnaround, you are guaranteed freshly cooked dumplings straight from the pan. My go tos are the #21 Sesame Pancake with Vegetables ($1.25), and #7 Vegetable Boiled Dumplings ($2.50). I think the Veggie Boiled Dumplings are not requested as much, as it takes a little while for them to get the order out for me, but it's usually not a problem. The sesame pancake is crispy on the outside, soft on the inside stuffed with fresh vegetables and has a slightly sweet taste to it. The #4 Chives & Pork Fried Dumplings ($1.00) are by far the most popular dish here, and often you can just say "$1.00 dumplings" and be in and out in 2 minutes. The restaurant itself may not look like much, in fact, it looks like a dive inside with two tiny counters to eat at stained with soy sauce and graffiti on the door and trashcan. Oh, and it's so small that 5 people inside waiting for their order can feel too close to comfort. There's a guy up front that takes your cash orders with what looks like a wooden cash drawer. Despite this drab description, the NYC restaurant sanitation rates this place as an "A", baffling! If keeping the restaurant looking like a dump means you can get cheap and tasty food prepared in a clean kitchen, I don't care what my surroundings are!
Thank you Yelp Community.  I dragged my lady friend through the shady streets of Chinatown to find this place.  After passing a few fishmongers and Fucci bags, I found the restaurant.  I knew I was in the right place when there were a bunch of white people waiting in line.  When I went to order, I really knew I was in the right place when the owner started yelling in Mandarin and his 6 year old daughter.  She then grabbed a bunch of dumplings and ran into the streets. I have no idea where she went, but I'm assuming a some shady underground Pai Gow tournament.  Anyway, I placed my order for steamed and fried dumplings. After two minutes I received my dumplings and water - $4 bucks.  I questioned why I waited for the last day I was in NYC to try this place.  The steamed dumplings were good, but nothing to call home about.  However, the friend dumplings were like fireworks on the 4th of July - made to be.  I'm hungry right now just thinking about them.  I will try everything on the menu next time I'm in NYC.  It'll still be cheaper taking a cab and going here then eating anywhere else. I LOVE DUMPLINGS!!!
5 Stars for the scallion pancake sandwich thing.. I forgot the exact name for them but they were a culinary delight.  Full of taste and something different that I never experienced.   The dumplings were good. They were a great price and it was ready in a jiffy but no real memory there other then that they were hot, plentiful and cheap. This is a good pit stop if you are in a rush and have no time to stop for lunch or do not really feel like spending money on lunch.
$1 for 4 fried dumplings. I wanted to give 5 stars but it's located far about 8 blocks from Canal St station. Limited seats so you would have to eat outside on the street or take out.
Prosperity does not disappoint!  Lunch today was $6.75 - 18 dumplings, 4 pork baos, 5 pot stickers, and a diet coke.  My boyfriend is Chinese and says that the dumplings are a little doughy on the sides; I'm just a white girl so I thought they were delicious.  We both agree it's a great value for solid dumplings and friendly service.  The store is tight; go to the park on the corner of Hester and eat al fresco.
They make them while you wait so they're always piping hot and fresh.  This place was a tiny hole in the wall that my mom and I tried when she came to NY to visit me.  Great super cheap dumplings, but perhaps not the best I've ever had.  It's a little out of the way for me, and not quite amazing enough to make the trek all the way down there on a regular basis, but I'll always stop in if I'm in the neighborhood.
Fantastic! I had an order of the boiled and an order of the fried dumplings. While I'm not of huge fan of fried dumplings, they were flavorful and fresh. The boiled dumplings however are what will guarantee that I come back again and again. Tender, flavorful, piping hot and filled with light pillows of the best pork and chive filling I've yet to try. I think I'll go back again this afternoon :-)
How do I feel about this review? Drop of water, meet ocean. Anyhow, here are my heavily inflation-devalued two cents about Prosperity Dumpling: you'll have a hard time filling up your tummy for less in the city... or perhaps anywhere in a developed country. Even so, it's still not worth the stomach space. A five-minute stroll will yield you dumplings that (in my opinion) are far superior for nominally greater cost at Lam Zhou. Allow me to enumerate a sampling of reasons why their dumplings are better: 1. You get to watch as the employees hand-wrap them. Their efficiency is nearly robotic. I grew up making dumplings with my grandpa and these folks blow his speed and consistency out of the water. 2. The dumpling wrappers are much thinner and more delicate at Lam Zhou, which means a higher ratio of stuffing-to-wrapper. Ergo... less filler per dumpling.* 3. Lam Zhou's meat is actually seasoned. In contrast, at Prosperity, I added soy sauce and vinegar to my dumplings and even then, they were on the bland end. 4. Prosperity has about a half dozen seats. Not that Lam Zhou offers more, but there's at least room for a ten or fifteen people. We're talking a 100% increase here, folks. Would I come back to Prosperity? Sure. At someone else's urging. Though given my druthers, I'd pay twice as much for the dumplings at Lam Zhou any day. ----- * This is similar in comparison to crab cakes held together with breadcrumbs vs. crab cakes that are actually made of... y'know... crab. Why waste limited calories on starch? (If you'd like to weigh in on the crab cake discussion, please see G&M vs. Jerry's.)
The dumplings at this location are good.   Not good as in "*holy sh*t, Louboutin Pigalles in charcoal gray* so I have to get them even at $600" kind of good.  This is more like "good as in *holy sh*t Manolo Camparis in basic black at 75% off* so I have to get them" kind of good.   Potstickers are just as good as any other potsticker you find in Chinatown, with just the right amount of crispyness and flavor in the pork. The steamed dumplings are flavored just right, but the a little thick on the outside. Altogether, Prosperity Dumpling struck a note with Yelpers, *price to value*.  It gets us all the time.  You really can't go wrong with 50 dumplings for $8.00.   So, only go here if: --You are visiting New York and haven't tried this place.  We walked here after heading to Doughnut Planet. --You are already in Chinatown for other errands and need a quick bite --You need to buy a bunch of frozen ones to bring home and cook for guests you are having over.
If Pork & Chive are the default basis of judgement for a dumpling house, Prosperity Dumpling is the king. A few friends and I did a downtown dumpling tour and all agreed Prosperity belonged on top. It's far from the cutest, cleanly, or most interesting restaurant you've ever been to. It does have incredible dumplings, cooked perfectly, and served quickly. Get your dumplings, add some siracha, and carry on.
What healthy portions for so little! They have a good variety of Chinese dishes so definitely venture beyond just the dumplings. I've had their beef pancakes and they're pretty legit for the price. They're tiny so you'll probably need to get the food to go. Overall 3.5 stars for the food and .5 for the ridiculous prices O_O
The best dumpling place I have been to so far.  Sesame pancake with vegetables was unbelievable.  I also had the veggie dumplings and they were incredible.  The place is super small and you probably won't be able to eat here.  You'll have to eat outside or take it to go.  Either way, this place is dirt cheap and the food is FIVE STARS.
An update on my glowing review of Prosperity Dumpling.  The morning after eating at Prosperity Dumplings, I woke up with hives all over my face.  I have never had a food allergy.  After speaking with a doctor, it seems that I might have MSG sensitivity, which was probably triggered by the amounts of MSG in the food at Prosperity Dumpling.  A dose of Benadryl and 4 hours later my face was back to normal.  In case you have MSG sensitivity, you might want to steer clear of this place or at least limit the dumpling consumption.
Never expected to get completely full at lunch for only $2. Prosperity Dumpling is a modern miracle of frugality. I went with 5 of the pork and chive dumplings and a piece of sesame pancake. The dumplings were very good but not great with great flavor and juicy filling. They were crispy but I think they were sitting around for a few minutes. Right out of the pan I'm sure they're amazing. The sesame pancakes on the other hand were being cut as I walked up to the counter. With the lovely bread and sesame smell of course I had to get some and it was soft, luscious, and warm. In a word they were perfect. There is a very small amount of space to sit inside, maybe 6 seats total at counters along the wall. If you're looking for a tasty cheap meal, even for chinatown, this is the place to go.
You'll have a hard time finding something $2 dollars that tastes this good anywhere. Yes, this is a hole in the wall and probably has some sanitation problems. But, you're in Chinatown... and the dirtiness just adds to the flavor. Get the dumplings or the pancakes. If you're a germaphobe stay uptown.
Sooo many options!
You've no doubt heard about the five-for-a-dollar dumplings on Eldridge Street (and the surrounding area below Delancey).  This place makes better dumplings than many others offering the same deal.  They are noteworthy for a pronounced scallion flavor in the filling, as opposed to the ginger flavor from their more well known (and equally worthy) competition a short walk north. They're best fresh cooked.   The fact that you can get ANYTHING this tasty for a dollar warrants five stars on principle alone.  These are the the five-for-a-dollar dumplings you want.
Oh, Prosperity Dumpling, how I love thee.  Why can I not live closer to your perfect, affordable goodness? I first found Prosperity Dumpling whilst serving a two week grand jury stint (yes, two weeks...but I don't have to do any jury duty for eight years from when I served, suckers!).  Someone had brought in a TimeOutNY issue that was focused on cheap eats and there was a little page all about the cheap dumplings and comparisons thereof.  So, when out foreman let us go, off I went on a little urban expedition to not too far away. There are over 500 reviews.  Nobody needs me to say that the place is the size of a postage stamp with maybe four stools inside with bottles of soy sauce and sriracha scattered about the counter.  And everything is CHEAP.  Fried pork and chive dumplings (Five for $1.00, indeed) are DIVINE...robust with great texture contrast from the fried side.  I think even my can of DIet Coke was below the usual market value and was $0.75 back then.  Nowhere to sit?  Who cares?  It was summer and there are stoops on the block outside.  I went once.  Then I returned over and over...with fellow jurors, a friend who was called for jury duty at a different court, etc.  It was the best lunch one could imagine.  And then jury duty ended...and I was far away. I've returned on occasion.  After touring part of the Lower East Side Tenement Museum with my visiting parents, I brought them.  They were a bit skeptical (understandably, considering the predominance of chain restaurants back in northern Louisiana), but them submitted to the crispy, juicy dumpling with fervor. And most recently, Prosperity added a little brightness to an "only in NYC" trying situation.  I'd been convinced I had bedbugs (I didn't; thank God...but still) and had begun the prep for extermination.  I'd trekked down to M&M Pest Control to hand over bugs in a Ziplock just to be sure.  And when I got the official "No bedbug" degree, what was the only way I could imagine a proper celebration? Here's a hint...it's about a block and a half away and has pork and chives!
Few Seats for Quick food. Five Dumplings and a Sesame pancake for 2 bucks. So cheap!
If you are find yourself in New York Chinatown craving something delicious this is the place to go. Few dollars will get you a place of dumplings like you never tasted before. Especially great on a long rainy day when you have little time, a lot to do and nowhere to hide from cold rain. This little miracles will warm your belly and lift your spirit.
Epic dumpling feast on the cheap!
I don't know how they do it.  It was very inexpensive to eat here and the food was awesome considering the cost.  I think 10 dumplings cost $2.  I also got a wonton soup and hot and sour soup for $1 each.  The place is tiny, so don't expect to get a table or seat.  I brought the food across the street and ate on the cement ledge where the basketball court is.
YES! This place has it all: 1) SUPER cheap dumplings - 25 cents each I think. 2) quick line - surprisingly not all that long either but super fast 3) DELICIOUS FOOD - the dumplings were amazing Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. There's nothing more to say.
Awesome pork and chive dumplings. They are delicious pan fried or boiled. The skin is REALLY thick, just a side note. The sesame pancakes are so good too. Bonus: Remember to add some meat into your pancake!!!! Hot and sour soup also good. Everything is just solid. My family and I like their dumplings so much that we always have some stocked at home. You can buy a big bag of frozen ones at their store. However, I think it always taste best there, I don't know what it is. I think it used to be $1 for 5 dumplings, now it's only for 4 dumplings... boo hoo. I guess their popularity and frequent tourist visits resulted in a higher price point. I mean, the dumplings always hit the spot and 4 for a dollar is a pretty good deal, but it's the kind of situation where THIS is the place where it's ALWAYS been 5 for a dollar. ALWAYS!!!! Ack, minus 1 star for the lack of cleanliness. Saw a bottle of sriracha on top of the garbage pail outside. Very unappealing.
If I have one thing I really love about NYC, it is Chinatown. I love outdoor market, foods, atmosphere, and even made myself go there yesterday to get a bowl of Pho. But somehow I felt like wanting to escape Chinatown and going through 2 starbucks with 4 shots of espresso to sterilize myself. Okay, Living in the city for 14 years makes me somehow be able to tell dirty from sick. To Sean's review, I decided to venture out this place tonight and I did. Everything as described, above all, very very cheap dumplings. The place was quite small and greasy but hey, who am I, I can bear those things with no sweat. Then the guy started showing 10 different symptoms that he was seriously sick. There were two other Chinese couples, seemingly regulars also looking at this scene quite worryingly. What he did, was open the big lid and cough, sneeze on my dumplings and put them on the dish and gave them to me. Now, I just made a risk trading $2 dumplings with swine flu. I somehow finished my own dish (10 piece of #4) but had to throw out 20 pieces of sneezed-on dumplings. I don't care how cheap, it's just too sick. I know NY is filled with all variety of foods and people but I do have a belief these obviously sick people still working at restaurant and spreading diseases should take a stand at the court.   Other than that, I have 3 more advices; - the place is far off walking along Canal. You'd better take Hester to approach. - food is amazingly greasy. Make sure what you are going for. - this is NOT the place you can take your date. Take my words for it. Good luck, you are gonna need it.
There is no reason to go to Vanessa's, ever.  Prosperity dumpling please prosper forever, I need you in my life! For one dollar you get 5 pan fried dumplings.  Do I even need to say anymore?  Ok ok, guess what, they also taste really damn good, way better than their $1 dumpling competitors.  This is THE BEST $1 dumpling in New York.   I've had dumplings everywhere, LA, SF, NY, Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing, Chengdu, Taipei, Kaoshong, Singapore, etc....  Can you get better pan fried dumplings else where?  Yes.... Are they sweet like Shanghai Style pan fried dumplings?  No.... BUT i can for give that cuz I can order 20 dumplings for $4.  Even though I said they are not the best tasting dumplings in the world, they're still REALLY good and for a price to taste ratio they simply cannot be beat anywhere in the United States. Prosperity dumpling has a crisp pan fried skin and juicy/soupy and flavorful pork.  Add some vinegar (Sigh... soy sauce too if you want I guess) and you have a delicious dumpling meal that will satisfy your tastebuds, stomach, and your inner cheapskate. Prosperity Dumpling I Love You!
I would say the prices here are ridiculous. Every college kids dream. The dumplings are very cheap, as low as $1 (tax included!) for 5 fried dumplings. I ordered 5 fried dumplings, 8 steamed dumplings, and a pork and vegetable fried sesame pancake all for under $5. The only reason they aren't getting five stars in this review is because I thought the sesame pancake and the fried dumplings were too greasy. The dumplings and the pancake were very tasty and I would definitely come back here. P.S. I would recommend getting carry out as there are three stools in the restaurant and even if you get all three it is still a very small and cramped space.
Maybe the best bang for buck place ever. Don't plan on sitting to have your meal but do plan on getting a lot of food for very little money. You could easily feed 5 people for $10. Amazing. It defines the "hole in the wall" restaurant.
this is an entry from my blog, to see it with pics visit: tastychomps.blogspot.com… First Stop: Prosperity Dumplings, 46 Eldridge St # 1 11:45AM After taking the quick Chinatown van from Flushing, we hop off at Eldridge St and head north. Around us, Chinatown, after over 100 years of existence, is alive and kicking with fresh fruit markets and bakeries and all the fake chanel and louis vuitton bags hidden in back alleys you could ask for. If you walk too fast, you just might miss Prosperity Dumplings where you can find the delectable items listed on the "Best of Cheap Eats 2009" list by the New York magazine. There is not much to this store front operation: the decor is minimal and there are only 3 seats by the window and plastic utensils for wares. A hole within a hole in the wall, where sometimes the best foods in the world can be found. For here they serve 5 pork filled dumplings for $1.00 ! What the heosauce? We order one and it serves as an appetizer for the beginning of our trip. The gentleman behind the counter quickly opens a wok and plops 5 out for us on a styrofoam plate. The dumplings are fried and crispy on the bottom yet soft from the top. The skin is slightly chewy and tasty, the pork and chived fillings are savory and delectable. Not bad for $1.00, nay I would say even better than some dumplings I've had for five times that amount. Here as many places around Manhattan, I observe the reach of the California based spicy red sauce known as Sriracha aka the spicy Rooster sauce. This is the first of many times we will meet the Rooster along our trip. We add a dab to spice up our dumplings After our last bite of the dumplings, we get up and continue our journey up through Chinatown to get our next New York fix: the Vietnamese sub sandwich aka Banh Mi.
All I have to say is: SESAME PANCAKE. Closest thing to compare it to, besides heaven, is stuffed pizza...made out of sesame pancakes.
This place has to be the best Dumpling i have ever tasted. Price is cheap,food is good,fresh,and a very nice portion. If you're in the city, stop by try some. Just remember that the place is very small, i would suggested taking it to-go
Again I have to thank a friend for recommending this place to me after learning of my dumpling obsession. Prosperity is literally a hole in the wall in the maze of Chinatown. You willl usually find a small crowd surrounding this wonderful hole stuffing their faces with dumplings or the tasty sesame pancake. Don't expect any formal greetings or smiles from the staff; they just want to know your order and serve the next customer. But we're New Yorkers, we don't need that, just good food for a great price. Did I mention you could have 10 dumplings and sesame pancake for about $5? None of the food sits for long and you can even watch the cooks pan fry the dumplings and/or your seasame pancakes. I was so satisfied with my fried pork dumplings and would have ordered a 2nd seasame pancake if not for the line. My biggest complaint is the location. This is not convenient or close to anything else exciting and most would not go to this area during the weekend. If you do find yourself hungry in Chinatown with $5 and then stop on by to Prosperity Dumpling. Your wallet and tummy will walk away happy. =)
Time: Lunch, Snack, Dinner @ the comfort of my home Who: All friends that come visit me end up here...it just happens... Price: Super cheap Recommendation: You won't regret it. The dumplings are 5/5 but I ranked 4.5/5 because of the setup (I'll go into this in a bit). First off, daaaaang this is place is good! Fried dumplings are bomb.com. $3 will get you full. It's so goood that I always end up buying the frozen dumpling for home cooking. It's about $8 for 50 (this has served me many good nights). Pancakes are also pretty delicious! Note: This place is not made for a sit down place. Mainly grab and go. There are bar tables against the wall, but it gets packed there. This is a typical visit: 1) Wait in a line 2) Cashier takes your order, but you don't pay yet. 3) You step off to the side... awkwardly...waiting... 4) Cashier's incredible memory will call you to give you your order 5) Pay $ 6) Decide where to eat...oh yea don't forget the soy sauce 6a) Eat at the crowed tables while people in line stare at you. 6b) Eat at the nearby park 6c) Stand outside and eat Locals: Get some! Consider buying the frozen dumplings to make at home. Basically, 5 dinners for $8. Tourists: Get some! Honestly, these dumplings are top-notch. Big bang for your $$.
This place was awesome for the price that you pay! 5 dumplings for $1 which is a great deal considering I am from the west coast and it costs a lot more than a $1 for 5 dumplings. I ate the dumpling soup which was great! But they had this pie bread type of thing which was really good! they fry it up with veggies and that was awesome! definitely try that when you go there. But they have the best deals in town! Definitely go here if you have a chance. the only downside is that its really small so you have to get it and eat quick or eat on the go when your traveling around NY. But its a must visit when your there!
5 DUMPLINGS FOR $1?!?!!? How can you NOT give this place at least a 4 star?! This little place is a hidden gem inside of NY's Chinatown. It kind of looks like a Chinese sweatshop and I feel super bad for the people working there but the food is delishhh. The onion pancake was also really good and eat it before it gets cold!! The hot and sour soup SMALL is only like 1.25 and it is huge for one person. Basically got stuffed off of $3.25 like completely stuffed! DEFINITELY recommend!
OMG!!! This place is heaven for us poor people!!! 4 big ass dumplings for $1.00. The place is small but for the price of the food it doesn't matter,hell it could be as small as a shoebox and people would still flock there!!! The staff is very friendly and they are super fast. My new favorite place when I'm poor!!
prosperity dumpling, you were my first dumpling love. and like my first love, i forsook you prosperity dumpling. i wanted to know if greater dumpling love existed. oh, how i was young and stupid. like a blind fool i searched far and wide for a better you prosperity dumpling. i waded waist deep through filthy canals, i climbed the heights of eld ridge, i sampled the goods of many, many others... ugh. i cant lie to you anymore prosperity dumpling... i might of had an extended affair with a vanessa. i couldn't help it! she was all dolled up and i thought i might be able to turn her into a better you! but my heart wouldn't let her in. why? well, well every time i mouthed her firm dumplings my thoughts were only of you prosperity dumpling. i thought about the softly undulating folds of your wrapper, i thought of the unique flavor of your hot and tender filling. i thought about how you were so, so willing to give me that extra dumpling when i was in need... you don't hold it back like vanessa does do you prosperity dumpling. oh forgive me!!! take me back prosperity dumpling! i shall never stray again. i promise.
Are there better dumplings to be had in Chinatown? Maybe, but I will say this. At $2 for 10 dumplings and a bottle of water for a $1, you could be nap-time full for $5 here. No seating, no bathroom, just dumplings.
So I'll get the really bad joke out of the way first.  I've been wonton to try Dim Sum for ages! Okay, that's got that off. So with that in mind, what better place to try it but China Town in New York.  This is a very small place, only really enough to seat 6 so if it's busy take out is probably a better option, but on our visit this was not an issue. They were very helpful in making recommendations on what to try and we ended up having: Chive and Pork Dumplings (order of 8) - 5/5 Sesame Pancake - 4/5 Food was really nice and I'm glad I got to experience this and will do again at some point no doubt tnow I've had a Dim Sum experience. Total for food - $3. Now that's value, especially when you've got used to NY restaurant prices!  Both me and the wife were totally full after eating it all. So all in all very good and glad to finally check this experience off my bucket list. One final note, this establishment only takes cash.  There is a nearby ATM if you need it.
My goto order is: 8 Fried Pork Dumplings 1 scallion pancake 1 soy milk An amazing amount of food for FOUR DOLLARS!!! I always feel so full and so happy when I leave Prosperity Dumpling.   There are a lot of other things on the menu.  Totally ignore them! The main attraction at this place is the fired pork dumplings! They are the best in the city!
Five delicious dumplings for a dollar...I come here when I'm not even hungry! I personally go for the fried dumplings.
In short: Yeah, just go get some dumplings right now. The dumplings are fresh, delicious, and super cheap. That's right, you can eat on a dollar or two. Now where can else can you do that in NYC? They have other stuff too (that's also super cheap), but why bother when you can just get two orders of dumpling and then pick a bag of frozen ones for later. Just go now and try it out. P.S. There's basically no seating so just plan on grabbing them to go or eating at the cramped counter they have.
This is the best cheap snack in the city. Not the easiest to get to but worth a small detour. Fried pork and veggie dumplings are insane. I buy them frozen in bulk sometimes if I'm on my way home. Duck dumplings are out of control here. Don't expect anyone to say hello, goodbye, or thank you, but I really couldn't care less since the food is so next-level. Bring your singles.
Every word of praise I could possibly say has already been said. Want yummy dumplings that are super affordable? This is the place you've been looking for.  Keep in mind that the establishment itself is rather shabby.
I can't imagine what this place could do better. It's the platonic ideal of itself. Perfect, juicy, delicious dumplings (5 for a buck?!?!), fantastic dumpling noodle soup (2 bucks for over a liter of authentic deliciousness!?!?), nice, friendly, efficient service. Six friends and I went there on a dumpling craving on a rainy day and left probably a collective 10 pounds heavier and only a few bucks poorer. The place is perfect.
5 dumplings for $1...that in itself is enough of a review but the fact that its also really good you cant beat this little hole in the wall. I was not sure at first because it seems really dirty from the outside but totally worth it.
5 dumplings for a dollar? Too good to be true? It's real. The dumplings are great. It's no frills and there's no space to eat and the place is boiling hot, but dang, those dumplings are good.
These dumplings ruin me from the inside.  Cramps to the MAX.  Probably from all the oil.   But like a bad relationship, you just keep going back, because they're just so damn good.  My boyfriend and I go to town on the boiled and pan fried dumplings.  We usually by around $5 worth, and that's more than enough to stuff us up.  And we both have big appetites.
Took a first time date* there and a line quickly formed behind us, so I panicked and ordered a variety of different dumplings. In my rush I hadn't noticed there were 5-10 dumplings per order, so we were served an absurd amount of food for 2 people. But even more absurd that it was still under $10 for the whole meal.  And the food was delish.  I'm not sure if there's a better deal in town (especially for first dates, ha ha). * warning, it's a risky first date place as you might not get a seat.
My husband actually said "This place changed my life a little bit."  And it's true, for the next day everything was described by how many dumplings it could be replaced with.  A $10 burger?  50 dumplings. Seriously though, this place was fantastic and make-you-look-twice cheap.  We had 10 fried dumplings ($2), 10 steamed dumplings ($2), 2 sesame beef pancakes (I think about $1.50 each), and hot and sour soup ($1).  The sesame beef pancakes were really special- the pancakes taste like some kind of Chinese focaccia, and inside is stuffed with carrots, scallions, and thinly sliced beef.  I may have dreams for this dish.  The dumplings were also fantastic- though not homemade, they are cooked in giant pans in front of you and served piping hot with soy and sriracha- crispy on the bottom, and filled with delicious broth.  The hot and sour soup, while not totally amazing, was huge for the price ($1...seriously??).  Overall we spent $9 and couldn't come close to finishing everything. If we lived near here, we'd be eating here 3 times a week.  Sadly, we're only visitors, so we'll have to settle for a once a year visit. One note:  this place is maybe the smallest restaurant I've ever seen, so it would be easier to take your food to-go.  We did manage to get two of the 5 little benches on a rainy day.
It seems absurd that these little 5 for $1 dumplings are probably on my last meal on Earth list. But they are. This no frills, hole in the wall shop boasts the most delicious dumplings the city has to offer, hands down. The pork and chive are absolutely perfect. The dough is just thick enough and the filling is divine. Steamed or fried, they are extremely satisfying and a Chinatown must-try. Grab four quarters, load up on Sriracha, and enter dumpling bliss.
I love this place because it is true to its roots, my favorite order is the pork dumping  in soup which is cheap and awesome can forget the beef pancake and famously 5 $1 FRIED DUMLINGS
Dirt cheap, but even dirtier inside.  The hot and sour soup is easily among the worst I've had in NYC.  I'm dumbfounded by the people on here who are raving about the dumplings... they're just OK.  Plus, I found a hair in one of them.  I definitely would not go back and risk hepatitis A just to save a few bucks. Enjoy if you are Ebenezer Scrooge stingy and have no palette for Chinese food.
What can you expect or dislike about for $1 pan fried dumping?  Not much!  Just plain good cheap street food...  Grab n go and wolf them down...  You would probably forgot about what they tasted like by the time you reach for the trash can down the street, but, hey, it's just a buck, remember?!
Prosperity Dumpling is a small dive, a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant that focuses on serving some tasty, large dumplings that happen to be DIRT CHEAP.  In a city with such a high cost of living, it's nice to have an authentic restaurant that not only serves up great food but it's super inexpensive. My Overall Rating - 3 1/2 Stars (Service, Food, Return) Atmosphere - It's more of a takeout place then a full restaurant.  You walk in to a small counter where you order.  In the back are the Chinese cooks busily getting things done.  There's a few stools with some counter space to eat, but this is definitely made for takeout.  It's also a dive, and doesn't seem very clean.  Also it has a Chinese restaurant smell.  But hey, if you're here chances are you're not eating there.  No Star. Service - If you speak the language, good for you.  If you don't (like us), you may get skipped.  Yup, as we waited in line, an older Chinese lady walked in, proceeded to the front, & just started barking her order.  Since we're in New York, we cut her off, said we were there first, and then put in our order.  Now, the good thing is the lady ended up helping translate for the lady behind the counter.  I'm sure they were talking about us too, but at least we got our order in.   1/2 Star. Food - Ok, so here's the deal.  Are the best dumplings I've ever eaten?  No, but they're PRETTY CLOSE.  Throw in the fact you can 4 for $1 and heck yeah they're the best.  Big, plump, juicy, & tender dumplings that table service & dim sum restaurants wish they could do.  Throw in some duck or roast pork pancakes and you can get a king size meal for $5.  The pancake really is more like a sandwich with generous portions of pickled vegetables & either duck/pork.  It really fills you up.  There is so much value here you want to bring your entire family.  2 Stars. Will I Return? - Yes (I know I end up here every time I visit).  Here's the reality, if you don't have much time and can't take the subway, a round trip cab can cost $40 - $50.  That would effectively cancel your $3 lunch.  But it's worth going to if you like dumplings & value.  1 Star. My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts): 1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm. 1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point. 2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food. 1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
So good! So cheap! They were unfortunately all out of pancakes (and... every side) when we got there, but I guess that's just more reason to go back, right?
Maybe I'm just not used to super duper greasy, salty dumplings but this place didn't impress me too much. Only thing that was impressive was the pricing! CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP! :P I got the 5 chives & pork fried dumplings for $1. I mean, you really can't beat that kinda pricing here people. We actually just finished a pretty hefty dim sum meal in China Town AND some ice cream from the China Town Ice Cream Factory but I still wanted to walk all the way to this spot since it was nearby and was bookmarked in my Yelp app and my mission was to eat all day, everyday during my first NYC trip. So maybe, just maybe...my tasting experience for these dumplings might have been fluked by the full belly of dim sum & yummy almond cookie ice cream. Service was extremely fast and there's like one or two chairs there to sit down by the side counter if you chose to "dine" there. Taste test: I could only stomach about 2 of these and I had to throw away the rest. They were just way too greasy for me and I felt they were swimming in salt water. I dunno, maybe I'll come back here again when my stomach's empty and I might feel differently about these cheap goodies.
Man this place is awesome.   It's the epitomy of what I expected to find in Chinatown:  tiny, hole-in-the-wall shop hidden down a side street.  As I walked in, the cook was frying up about 100 dumplings in a giant wok which made the place smell delicious.   I got one order (5 pieces) of pork and chive dumplings for $1 (that's not a typo).  They were fresh, scalding hot and worth every penny. I will be coming back with at LEAST $3 next time!
I admit I'm giving Prosperity a one star bump for the ridiculously low price. The dumplings are not bad. I tried the pork + chive dumplings both boiled and pan-fried. The wrappers were a bit thick, and the dumpings definitely needed a bit of a flavor boost from the soy sauce + sriracha. But they were ONLY 5 for $1! * Cash only. * Hole-in-the-wall. * 5 counter seats in an area that's roughly 10ft by 10ft. * You may get ignored or snapped at by the ladies who work here. * Frozen dumplings available as well.
Totally overrated. I like a good hole-in-the-wall spot as much as the next person, but this place is filthy (dirty water leaking and pooling on the floor, horrid smell, people picking garbage up off the floor and then going back to prepping food) and the dumplings are no better than any other place in Chinatown. I got the shrimp dumplings, which had very little shrimp and no flavor, and the shrimp (and pork) wonton in soup, which was slightly better, but not worth a return visit.
I've been here a lot of times for myself and visitors.  Everyone is in love with Prosperity.  They're second best to a little place called Beijing, China.
So cute - teeny, tiny place with teeny, tiny prices and great food.  LIttle gem.
When you first walk into this tiny little hole-in-the-wall you feel like you are in a third-world country.  You're thinking "how does THIS place have almost 2000 reviews?  Am I at the right place???"  That's before you order. As soon as you bite into one of those delicious fries dumplings you forget all of that.  I don't know what they do to those things but they are amazing!  And I emphasize that it's the FRIED dumplings you wants to get.  I tried both those and the boiled ones and they were like eating mushy little bags of pork.  Fried is the way to go!  Also try the sesame "pancakes".  They are like little slices of pork-stuffed pizza with sesame seeds on top.  Delicious! Now, the best part of the whole thing is the price!  A buddy of mine and I are there for lunch one day and we got a bunch of fried and pork dumplings, a couple sesame pancakes, and drinks all for less than 10$ combined!!!   And we didn't even eat all of our food there was so much!!!   Crazy!
Definitely more of a takeout place - the place is way smaller than I imagined it to be. Prosperity was on my list of must trys and I finally got to order from here recently. Does it live up to the hype? yea it's pretty good and for the price - it's almost laughable. Wish there was more seating options though otherwise it's awesome. $1 for 4 fried chive dumplings and depending on if you get chive or cabbage $2.50 for 8 chive boiled and $2.50 for 10 cabbage boiled. I got the cabbage one and it was pretty good - probably would get chive next time as it has a stronger flavor. 10 for me was more than enough to leave me stuffed - if you're a dude with a big appetite 15-20 will do the trick You can also buy frozen dumplings 50 for $9 - awesome deal for homemade dumplings.
Damn this place is cheap. 5 dumplings for  buck. It's a hole in the wall and if it hadn't been for yelp I doubt I would have walked in. There was a line going out the door but it moved quickly. There must be a school nearby since half the people were high school students. I was having dinner with a friend and just wanted to try the dumplings so I ordered 5 - pan fried and one sesame pancake since everyone raved about it. The dumplings were pretty good seeing how cheap they were. Plump and filled with tender meat. I instantly wished I had a bowl of rice to eat with it to sop up all the juices from the meat but unfortunately I didn't. They were a little oily but I guess you can't expect them not to be, especially when they are making 100's at a time. The seasme pancake was alright...I didn't really know what to expect but I wasn't that impressed. Maybe I missed out on the sauce? I only ate a few dumplings because I didn't want to be full for dinner in Hells Kitchen and ended up giving my leftovers to a homeless man. That's not to say it wasn't good. Just couldn't eat it all.... I still prefer Japanese dumplings over these ones but they were probably some of the better Chinese dumplings I've had. I'd love to have a dumpling/noodle soup next time. CASH ONLY! Oct31Challenge: 30/31
I dare you to beat one-dollar dumplings. If you find a better deal, I'll buy you lunch. By lunch, I mean, 5 dumplings from here.
4.5 is right. Better dumplings in my opinion than Tasty dumpling.....plus $0.25 cheaper at 5 for $1.00. Crazy deal. No line when I went at 2pm on a Friday.
This is an awesome find in China town.  10 dumplings for $2.50, wow.  Food was excellent.  Stuff yourself for $3-4.
My favorite dumpling in the city.  And the cheapest.  $2 for 8 steamed veggie dumplings.  What's not to love?
The place is a dive but the dumplings really do live up to their reputation.  I only tried the pork and chive boiled ones and they hit the spot; the skin was chewy, homemade and only thick enough to hold all the filling inside, the filling was a delicious mixture of moist pork and fresh chives.  Absolutely delicious and incredibly priced at 10 for $2.  Take that poor economy.  This will be one of my must-hit places whenever i visit NYC, no doubt.
This place is about the food and price.  So don't come here expecting a lovely ambiance or a place to sit (there's no air conditioning and there's only 5 seats along the wall).  The menu is limited but decent - come here expecting to eat some variation of pork and chive dumplings, the fried sesame pancake, or the soup.   The truly unique product is the fried sesame pancake, which my husband calls a Chinese doughnut because there is so much oil oozing out of that thing.  It's really tasty, and if you make it into a duck sandwich, you will feel stuffed (and perhaps a little gross).  The duck is very fatty and not high quality, but for the price, I really can't complain. I also come here for the dumplings.  They are not the best dumplings in the world, but they are fresh, well flavored with soy sauce, and cheap.  Although they are still cheap at 4 for $1, they used to be 6 for $1, and even longer ago, 10 for $1.  Honestly, I'm not sure if I'll come here anymore if they increase the price anymore. I've never tried the soup here, but based on what others have said, I'd steer clear of it and save your calories for the dumplings and pancake. Almost every time I've come, there's been a line out the door, but it moves very fast, so don't be alarmed.
Why hello cheap and delicious food in NY! You will find this little hole-in-the-wall shop by the line out the door. The steamed pork and chive dumplings were amazing and 8 is enough for one person. The filling was flavorful and the dumpling dough was just the right consistency, not too thick. The sesame pancake was also ok, more doughy than I expected, I'm no sesame pancake expert though. There are a few seats inside, if you can get one, it's fun while you eat to hang out there.
The prices can't be beat. $1 for 5 pan fried dumplings. $2 (?) for sesame pancake with chicken. Tastes good too. I would skip the soup dumplings. It is kind of dirty in there.....the man who handles the money will also cut the sesame pancake on the counter where he handles the money without putting gloves on.
Incredible. For a couple bucks your dinner is dominated. Just overall a dominating place. It will dominate your world as soon as you come here. The Dumplings are awesome. At night, the surrounding area is pretty shady and it's the ULTIMATE hole-in-a-wall, very small, very very limtied seating and kind of hard to find. I'm very glad and surprised how this place got such a following on Yelp. Everybody seems to know about it now, and prefer it to Vanessa's. I would like to return soon!!
Hands down best dumplings in NYC!!
Prosperity Dumpling is a diamond in China Town!  If you like dumplings, the fried chive and pork dumplings were AMAZING!  One reviewer said they are slap yo mamma good and she didn't lie!!  The sesame pancake with chicken is also a must. Note that there are only about 6 stools in the place, so it's more of a take out joint but WELL WORTH the visit. My only reason for giving 4 stars and not 5 was I would not recommend the pork sesame pancake because the pork was really fatty.
Among tons of options in Chinatown I can't imagine you could beat the prices of Prosperity Dumpling.  You can get 5 dumplings for $1.  We all three ate 25 dumplings and three waters for a $8 lunch.  A nice change from the usual NYC prices!
Eat there if yo must but this place is built for take out. Sure it the smell may be offensive on the train ride back to wherever but, with some fresh white rice, 5 dollars  goes a long way. Chives And Pork Fried Dumplings      (5) 1.00 Sesame Pancake       .50 With Beef      1.50 Stuffed Pancake with pork and chinese vegetables      1.00 Feeling good about how much money you have left over?  "Priceless" (Uh credit cards are not accepted btw)
I was online searching for something cheap to eat and ran into this little place. The dumplings were 4 for a 1.00 fried pork and chive. I got 8 thinking i wouldnt get full...lol I was wrong. It was fulfilling and quick. A bit small but there were places to sit as long as there were no more than 6 people in the building hehe. There are places to sit outside. They have soy sauce and siracha or hot sauce..whatever was in that bottle it was good. So next time you decide you need a quick fix and dont want a 1.00 slice of pizza or a little mcdonalds burger...go check this place out!
Pretty decent dumplings... No where near the best I've had, but decent. My friend and I shared the fried pork and chive dumplings, the pork sesame pancake and some soup dumplings (also pork). If you don't eat pork, your choices will be slim here. The sesame pancake with pork was good, kind of reminded me of a bahn mi with the cilantro and pickled carrots.  The fried dumplings were tasty as well. The soup dumplings are dumplings IN soup, not soup dumplings (I.e dumplings with soup in them).... And they weren't good. Lots of food for $8. Stick with the pancakes and fried dumplings.
"So you've been coming here often. Why?" "Seriously, I came by 'cause Prosperity Dumpling has great sandwiches next door. Really.  I'm not stalking you..." "Right. And you came back 'cause your phone's broken... again... for the third time..." "No, no... it's just that their sandwiches are made with sesame pancakes with diced carrots, mince meat and a sauce to die for. Honestly, I think one of the seeds jammed the keyboard... I could've text but, you know..." "Right. You need my service." "How did you read my mind?" "Well, for one thing, you still have sriracha on the corner of your mouth..."
I went to here for a trip down memory lane. I used to live in Brooklyn right across the Williamsburg Bridge in 2005 and came regularly to these area for $1 dumplings. On my recent brief stop in NYC, I decided to check out if this small hole-in-the-wall joint was still churning out good quality dumplings. I was delighted when I found that the shop was still there and just like before. The clientele of this restaurant is mixed. Chinese (Cantonese and Mandarin speakers), Chinese Americans, and all other nationalities apparently have found out about this small hideout and small lines were forming inside the restaurant even at 4:30pm. I ordered some plump pork and white cabbage zhuroubaicai shuijiao with tang (dumplings in broth) for $2.50, and really loved slurping down the hot soup. My friend got a portion of boiled pork with chive dumplings for 2 bucks. Really juicy, really flavorful, and really hot. Just what you need on a hot NYC summer day. Extra love because I managed to speak Mandarin with the owners, who are Cantonese speakers. Reminded me of Beijing, though the taste of the dumplings and the soup was better than what I can find in Beijing. Definitely recommend it! Quick, cheap, filling, and flavorful snack!
Wonderful dumpling !!  Crowded at 10 am!! So Cheap and can buy frozen in bulk!
AMAZING!!  There is no room to sit down so bring your own chairs.  The dumplings are great and you can even get them frozen so you can take them home!  This is such a must see and taste!
5 fried dumplings that are actually pretty decent for $1.  Need I say more?
Came here in the afternoon.  Generally not a big fan of thick skinned dumplings, I figure if I was gonna do that, might as well get the fried pork buns.  Unfortunately they were out of those, so I ended up getting the 5 dumplings for a dollar, and a sesame pancake.  Sesame pancake wasn't too different from Vanessa's, but the dumplings were falling apart and coming out of their skin by the time I got home (a few mins from Prosperity).  Can't argue with the price though.
Best dumplings in North America for the price.
So my sister and I were searching for cheap places to eat in NYC and we stumbled along this one. My sister and I were able to get a lunch that we could not finish for $5 each. The food was pretty tasty too. I got the whole wheat veggie dumplings and the sesame pancake with egg. The one thing that bothered me was that this place needs better organization. There were people who got food before us who ordered after us. The guy also messed up my sister's order. This place is literally a hole in the wall and it can get confusing when there are no numbers given to customers. Overall, it was a place I'm glad I tried, but the food was not so superior that I would go back again. There are plenty of amazing dumpling places for good enough prices where I can sit down to eat.
We came in at around 11:00 on a Sunday. There were only two people waiting for their order and no line as other reviews said. We got an order of steamed pork and chive dumplings, an order of fried pork and chive dumplings, and an order of steamed shrimp dumplings to share. I got a sesame pancake with peking duck and J a sesame pancake with pork. With two diet cokes, it all totaled $12. What??? We were so stuffed that we even had to throw away 4 dumplings (and we have HUGE appetites). We didn't love the shrimp dumplings but my sesame pancake was so good that I gave it 5 stars anyway. Very small place and very hot inside. We were very lucky to get a spot at a small foldable table outside that literally sat two in plastic children's stools. Sriracha and soy sauce bottles were dirty, but hey, it's all part of it. Great chinese fix for a great price. It will definitely be a spot to go back to when we are in NYC again.
If I could give Prosperity Dumplings 6 stars, I would. Total hole in the wall. Not the closest from the subway stops, but it's worth the walk. Not much seating, but there's a park close by that you can sit and eat. These were the juiciest dumplings I've ever had...by far. I don't know what they put in there, but it doesn't disappoint. Definitely worth trying, as well as bringing a couple bags of the frozen dumplings to cook at home. The sesame pancake is also the best I've ever had. Not a classy joint, so come with proper expectations. Otherwise, Prosperity Dumplings does not disappoint.
The sesame bun was amazing. It was crispy and full of flavor it was my favorite thing on the menu. The dumpling although they were extremely cheap were not as good as I expected based on the reviews. We tried the pork fried dumplings and the vegetables steamed dumplings. Know what you want to order for coming to the counter. There is very limited seating and it's extremely busy so I would suggest only getting this food takeout.
Delicious.  Incredibly cheap.  Even MORE delicious knowing just how cheap it was.  Hole-in-the-wall-type place.  Nice staff even during the rush.  Takeout is best.  (I don't recommend dining in - there really isn't any room for it.)  I enjoyed the #8: Chive and Pork Soup Dumplings (10) for only $3.  This was only my second time here in two years.  I'm not sure why it took me so long to come back, but I won't be making that mistake again!
I heard from a friend that prosperity dumplings were good eats. So I decided to walk by and try out the dumplings. The dumplings were pretty good. The only problem was the crispiness of it. I felt it was too soft and mushy for the wrapper but the filling was flavorful.
A solid 5 for serving fast, being cheap (10 for $2) and still having delicious dumplings !
Like the two star rating comment. "Meh, I've experienced better." I got the boiled chives and pork dumplings and I couldn't wait to finish it just so I could be done with it! The meat filling wasn't fresh and seem to have a lot of fat and tendon pieces. A few that I had also seem to have "sand" in it. The skin is thick at the seams and very doughy. I'd much prefer the ones from Vanessa. Yes, prosperity is 25 cents cheaper, but I'd pay the 25 cents more and walk two blocks up rather than have the dumplings here.
Incredible dumplings. Incredible price.
Wow...these dumplings are SO GOOD!!!! IMO, the primary factor in determining a good dumpling is the SKIN. And the skin here is thin and tender. Better than the ones at Fried Dumpling. But this place is in dire need of space. I had to squeeze in and out of the door and there's barely any waiting space in there. TOO PACKED! You can't eat here. But still worth my hike to this part of Chinatown. SO CHEAP! Yet SO GOOD! WOW!
A little disappointing with all the hyped reviews. I ordered chive dumplings and they were overly greasy and very oily. When I bit into it, it was still a little cold and uncooked.... Maybe I just had one bad experience, will try to give it another go in the future.
3.5 stars It's good but not the best. Fu Zhou remains my favorite. I brought my friend here because she likes pan fried dumplings, and Fu Zhou doesn't offer them. I tried one, and it was pretty good, but I don't really like pan fried dumplings so it didn't impress me. Plus it was thick skinned. The beef sesame pancake was delicious. It's up to restaurant quality from Cali (which would also be much more expensive). Definitely get one if you're there. I also ordered vegetable dumplings b/c I wanted something with more veggies. Meh, it was okay, but I didn't particularly like the filling they used. Skip this. This place gets busy, and there seems to be a lot of non-locals visiting the store. The dude definitely speaks English, so ordering is not a problem. It does get a bit hectic in the tiny shop and there's not really any place to eat. So in conclusion, come here for the sesame pancake, but go elsewhere for dumplings.
Trekked all the way downtown for these authentic / very cheap pork and chive dumplings (the boiled ones are surprisingly better) -- definitely will be back soon!
Awesome shrimp dumplings.  Soup was bland.  But with a name like Prosperity Dumpling, I should have known to stick with the dumplings.   Good and cheap.
This is one of those great places that is cheap AND delicious, not just good because it's cheap.  I got ten boiled dumplings, something I would be charged nearly $8 for in northern Virginia!  A true hole in the wall, but delicious and constantly busy so the food is always fresh.
I was really looking forward to this place, but I found it to be just above average.  While the prices were fair, I found the dumplings mediocre.  We had the fried and boil pork and chives, the shrimp, and the sesame pancake.   Nothing really stood out.  I will come here for a cheap snack, but will not go out of my way for it.
Impossibly delicious and impossibly cheap menu. You can easily eat a terrific and filling lunch for $3.50 here: get an order of boiled veggie dumplings and a sesame pancake. Everything is fresh and tasty. There will often be a significant line, but it moves quickly. There is maybe five feet of narrow counter space with a few stools, so don't expect to dine in. On a nice day take your takeout two blocks away to Roosevelt Park.
All I really have to say is yummmm! This place may look like a total hole in the wall, but it's amazing. You can get 4 dumplings for a dollar, so two dollars and that's a meal for me. They're just a bunch of greasy goodness. Just go find it and check it out.
Man i eat dumplings so often that i look like an f-ing dumpling.  The one thing that sets this place apart from all the others is the amount of liquid goodness that pours out of these treasures when you bite into them.  Vanessa's, please stop it.  The only thing good there are seats.  Prosperity blows them away.  No english here, who cares, one dolla dumplings, 2 dollas for 2 orders and so on.  Go check out who's eating at these places.  Go here after school and its a mob scene of chinese kids.  Go to Vanessas and its all gweilos.  Lady's who work here, how i wish you were a bit nicer. We need a dumpliing cook off in the park one day to set the record straight.
This place is an amazing hole in the wall that sells 4 dumplings for a $1.25. We usually hit it up as an appetizer while waiting for a table at Pig and Khao across the street.  They also sell bags of 50 frozen dumplings for only $10 so you can take some home and make them yourself.  They don't taste as good as when you buy them directly but a good way to tide you over if you don't feel like trekking to the LES.
Anyone fixing for a cheap, delicious meal? Then look no further. This place was a staple eatery for me in high school. One measly dollar would get me five delicious fried pork dumplings. 75 cents would get me a huge slice of scallion pancake. 5 dollars would get me an entire bag of frozen dumplings. Truly no place better for cheap eats. If you're near chinatown any time soon, definitely stop by!
i don't know if it is because it's super cheap, but boy it made a lasting impression on me! super cheap and delicious! : ) by the way--its literally a hole in the wall if you are trying to find it.
Very cheap for the amount of food you get. I headed their after a filling meal at Shanghai Cafe, so two dumplings were enuf for the tasting session. Dumplings are yummy but it is pan-fried with a ton of oil so beware. Plain sesame pancakes were disappointing but I haven't really had sesame pancakes before so I didnt know what to expect. Fyi, the store is very small, quite stained w dust on the exterior, and dining area if you can call that a dining area (no more than six stools total) is not well kept.
The dumplings and sesame pancakes are delish! A must have. The price is excellent and the service is very quick! However there is a lack of seating inside. There's a nearby park to eat in.
Being Asian I grew up with dumplings. Aside from the handmade ones by my own mother, aunts, grandparents, I'd also have had store bought ones, specialty stores ones. Therefore, to say this is THE BEST? I couldn't concur. Don't get me wrong. I am not saying this place is bad. All I am saying it's mediocre. I had pork and chives, boiled. My partner had a sugar-free soy milk in clear plastic portion cup. I do enjoy the dumplings' skin. It's chewy with great bounce and texture but the meat inside is questionable to being the best. This tiny place is ran by very friendly and hard working people. I can see the crew working away with no signs of slowing down even approaching closing time. They close at 10pm but by 9:45pm more people were still lining up. I asked to use their bathroom in the back and it was horrifying. After I flushed the water spewed out of the toilet, making the wet bathroom floor wetter. The bathroom was kept pretty ghetto. I am just glad I had no stomach pains afterwards.
Where else can you get an awesome meal for less than $5? Hell I could make it in $2! $1 for 5 fried pork and chive dumplings - amazing. When you grind all the ingredients together into the meat, you have to do it so that you don't over tenderize the pork. It is actually an art - too much mashing and you will have tough pork, not enough mashing, you will a chunky one. They have mastered it. This piece of meat is lovely. To top it off, the skin is perfectly crisp and even houses a surprise - some juicy pork drippings and oil is encased in the dumpling. Hey, I didn't say it was healthy! $1 for a regular sesame pancake - Thick, salty and flavorful. I can't describe how big this piece of bread is, but at the same time it is not heavy. There will be oil...don't be shy, you can do it! $2 for 10 boiled pork and chive dumplings - Well, of course, everything tastes better fried, but if you want to be healthy, you'll have to wait. Boiling the dumplings upon ordering will take at least an extra 5-8 min (for cooking). Some tidbits - Okay, so the chef/cashier doesn't cover his mouth when he coughs. Maybe that's their secret to their amazing dumplings! I don't know! There is practically no seating here...it's a hole in the wall, so you will either be sitting next to the trashcan, the cashier or another person in line =). But you won't notice, the food is so yummy. Yes, you can order in English, if all else fails, use the pointing method. YUMMY!
BEST DUMPLINGS IN MANHATTAN. It is a hole in the wall facility that serves heavenly goodness. I'm in love.
Dumplings are cheap, relatively tasty and filling. Place is about as sanitary as a bus station restroom in Afghanistan. Choose your fights.
this place is pretty ghetto looking (though it looks like they got a small facelift recently?) but the dumplings are mad tasty. gotta love the sesame pancake, boiled and fried dumplings, wonton soup, and soymilk! also, it's hella cheap. i got 50 frozen dumplings for $9...that's like, cheaper than what my cat eats... and tastier... +1! :)
At 1 dollar for 5 dumplings I never want a homeless person to tell me they're hungry ever again......
Great hole in the wall place with amazingly delicious and cheap dumplings. Dumplings & Sesame pancake made fresh and owners take great care in making sure they are properly cooked!
This is the epitome of Chinatown.  Cheap Chinese food that is delicious. $1 gets you 4 pan-fried dumplings.  The dumplings are stuffed with pork and chives, a very strong combination, so you may be left with stinky breath afterwards.  $2 gets you 5 deep-fried pork buns.
You just can't beat cheap and delicious late night eats from a hole in the wall establishment in Chinatown.  Sesame pancake with duck was filling and flavorful, the various styles of pork and chive dumplings are juicy and seasoned well, and the shrimp dumplings were ok, but a bit bland.  With all the options, will definitely come back to try other parts of the menu. Be prepared for taking out as the seating is minimal, and the lines are long.
Very cheap! $1 dumplings! Filling, fast service and cheap, there is nothing you can complain about! Best dumplings ever. This is a must go! This place used to be a small spot but they renovated and moved next door to a bigger store! AMAZING dumplings and pork sesame buns. i love it! Service is great too!
So I have been here on three different occasions. Depending on how busy they are and where they are in their cooking cycle, the dumplings that you receive can vary a bit.   The seasoning is usually spot on. Just enough salt and a solid herb, vegetable and pork ratio. The taste is as good as any other dumpling house in Chinatown. Where it varies is the crust that is formed on the dumpling skins. Two out of the three times I was there, it was amazing. Crisp, firm and savory in that way that only fried dough can be. The other time, they were sitting in the box for a while, so it wasn't as amazing (the steam makes the crust softer and not as crisp). That said, four dumplings for a dollar! Can't beat that kind of value in Manhattan.
Cheap 1$ dumpling for 4. Flavorful in the inside and crispy on the out. Taste Better than vanessa's
My friends and I stopped by Prosperity for a quick dumpling fix one afternoon.  The place was rundown and not much to look out...or even much to stand in, for that matter, given that it was only a small takeout joint.  Their price of 5 dumplings for $1 was a complete steal, especially given that each variety was packed with flavor and composed of delicate noodles.  We all preferred the boiled to the fried and the pork to the veggie.  The highlight were the pork and chive type, which were full of a juicy marinade that leaked out with each taste.  Sure we had to eat standing up and with a wad of napkins in one hand, but boy was it worth every messy bite!
Super cheap, fast and small. Fried pork dumplings are $1 and fantastic but my favorite thing on the menu is the duck or egg scallion pancake.
Dumplings were cheap and good. Duck sesame pancake was a tad greasy but delicious!  Problem is it is such a filthy dive. I do not want to go back again. Perhaps I will send the hubby in for a bag of frozen dumplings to take home next time we are in the neighborhood, though.
Prosperity over Vanessa's all day any day. My favorite little hole in the wall gem for dumplings! As a serious dumpling lover, I've been a loyal customer here for years and I've seen them grow more busier and crowded over the years which is great sign, ya'll deserve it! Best somewhat-underrated dollar dumplings.
Great dumplings for cheap! Greasy as you'd expect.
My favorite Prosperity story is as follows. I had been interested in this girl for a while. She was smart, fun, and probably a little into me as well. So back in the middle of January, one of our great ideas was to take the 2 across the river to Clark St in the dead of morning to watch the sunrise on the Brooklyn Bridge. Upon arriving, we quickly realized our college sweatshirts were woefully inadequate when pitted against, what was it - the ten-below-freezing weather? - and what had started as a cute, flirty flight of passion quickly turned into some kind of Roald Amundsen adventure-gone-wrong as we slowly trudged back across the bridge on foot, wind howling in our faces; feet crunching into the morning frost and extremities quickly going numb as we tried hard to mentally justify our own stupidity. Maybe you see where this is going. By the time we had reached the other side, now veritable human popsicles, not only were we cold but we were hungry. Suddenly, we came up with the idea to go get some Prosperity, and it was with the tantalizing promise of hot guo tie that was able to keep us going, dredging up energy from previously-unknown reserves deep within our spirits to keep walking through the deserted and icy streets. More importantly, Prosperity was a promise of redemption; a delicious beacon of hope that we might be able to prove our icy excursion was not all in vain. So just after half past seven, freezing our asses off, we proudly strolled in - or should I say - collapsed through the door as the first customers of the day; and as fast as we could hand over our dollar bills, were immediately served two boxes of piping hot fried pork and chive dumplings with soy sauce ($1 each). This followed with a huge tub of beef noodle soup ($3), pork fried buns ($1), boiled dumplings ($1), and a chives and egg pancake ($1). In Prosperity Dumpling, dollar bills feel like Monopoly money - why WOULDN'T you want to exchange these pieces of paper for more steaming hot, amazing Chinese food? In order to delay our inevitable journey back out into the Arctic gale, we ended up staying inside the little shack for over two hours, feet curled up on the rungs of the tiny little wooden barstools, kept warm by the heat of Prosperity's trusty kitchen. The chef must have thought we were nuts. When we finally left around eleven AM, we were warm, happy, and unbelievably tired. Full up on dumplings, she fell asleep on my shoulder on the train ride up. That's when I truly realized that the little shop on Eldridge was a winner. We started dating a couple days after, and we've been back at least a half-dozen times since, to pay homage I suppose; and I have never - I repeat, never! - been disappointed.
FUCKING DELISH. our group spent 6 days on an eating adventure roadtrip from boston to DC. we sampled over 40 places; this was BY FAR my fave. i got the pan friend dumplings and the boiled. both AMAZING. perfect doughiness in the skin, perfect juicy interior, just the right size. great combo of flavors. what more can i say?
I've had the most intense craving for a sesame pancake this WHOLE week, and I've been very, very frustrated by how my attempts to go there have been constantly stymied. I was bordering on insanity from the sheer idea that I could go back to college without having one, and I finally took a 45-minute detour to Prosperity Dumplings instead of meeting my friends for lunch on time. Whoops. I don't regret it. The sesame pancake has risen up to $1 (from $0.75 - oh, this economy ...) but it surpassed my expectations even after a 1.5-year deprivation. Perfectly crispy and sprinkled liberally with sesame seeds on the outside and soft and fluffy and filling on the inside, a bite of the sesame pancake begs for more. And more. I looked like I hadn't eaten for this whole week as I scarfed down this yummy goodness while walking briskly to the Canal St station. Probably blended in with all the other Asians @_@ I had the 5 dumplings for a $1 again because I couldn't resist (the smell, the sheer quantity just lying there on their giant woks, the cheapness, the saliva pooling in my mouth, oh my goodness). AMAZING. Prosperity Dumplings probably doesn't need any more rave reviews. If you haven't gone, I'm so sorry. If you haven't gone in a while, don't worry; it's just as good as it's always been.
Extremely good, quick service, limited seating.  Perfect for takeaway
ayo...there's not much to write about this place except that they serve amazing, genuine hand-made dumplings.  at 20cents per dumpling, you can spend about $2 US dollars and be full.  real talk...wtf is 20cents these days?!  i can't buy dogshit off the street for 20cents.  you can bring four plastic bottles to a recycling plant and get paid 20cents and get yourself a delicious dumpling.  seriously, homeless people and bag ladies in NY need to take notice, cuz all that work yall do to collect bottles and cans and shit...can get you a mouthwatering home-cooked Chinese meal.   i will say this, if it wasn't for the bright yellow big bird awning, you would walk right past this place.  the surrounding neighborhood and stores don't exactly scream "delicious dumplings this way". also, this place is tiny...so if you're looking to sit down and enjoy your meal, there may not be room.  these guys also make and freeze their dumplings in large quantities for you to take home if you want to fry them yourself.   aside from the dumplings, i've sampled their beef noodle soup, which is also pretty good and ridiculously cheap. like someone else mentioned, not sure how these people stay in business.  this ain't 1950, 20cents doesn't go that far these days.  then again, i have no idea how anything in chinatown stays in business...
I try to travel to New York for my birthday and try new restaurants each time. I read the reviews for this place and figured I HAD to try it.  When we walked up to the "restaurant" I was a little shocked.  People said it was a hole in the wall but I didnt think they meant literally.  We ordered the dumplings and I think our total bill was 7 bucks.  I was hesitant about the food and then I took my first bite.  BEST DUMPLINGS !!! just close your eyes and enjoy because they are amazing
Like everything else in life, you get what you pay for. It's cheap Asian street food fare. Nothing to go bonkers over.
Do not understand how this place gets less than 5 stars! Somehow, no matter how stuffed I am after a more "pricey" meal, if I'm in the area I end up at Prosperity Dumpling for their massive, delicious, juicy 4-for-a-dollar dumplings. Don't judge a book by its cover; if you're turned away by the apparent rundown facade you have no idea what you're missing out on!
Not coincidentially, Prosperity Dumpling is often compared to Dumpling House two blocks further up the road on Eldridge.  However, the two dumpling spots can be distinguished.  First and foremost, Vanessa's Dumpling House provides a greater selection of types of dumplings as well as non-dumpling items.  As such, it is a much better place to take an individual who isn't as comfortable with the dumpling experience or, similarly, if you aren't particularly craving dumplings.  Peking duck sesame seed pancake anyone?  If that is your bidding, go to Vanessa's Dumpling House.   Having said that, I find the pork and chive dumplings at Prosperity to be slightly superior to their counterparts at Dumpling House.  They use a thin wrapper, provide less of the fried but soft taste that some crave, and their dumpling appears to soak up more oil than the Dumpling House ones.  Plus, they give you an extra dumpling.  If two products are substantially similar, it is best to go with the one that provides the best bang for your buck.  In this case, for dumplings only, that choice is Prosperity Dumpling.
In this economy and in fits of Brokelyn, this hole-in-the-wall gem has served as a total Godsend for many. I've been known to walk across the city to save my bus and subway fare so as to have EXTRA to spend at Prosperity Dumpling. Cause it doesn't matter that you've only a few bucks in your pocket- cause @ Prosperity EVERYONE walks out feeling like a millionaire! I've tried a GAJILLION varieties of dumplings. Packaged, from different restaurants, takeouts, and dim sum spots, to those of my grandma's, and aunts'. Heck I've even aspired to make my own. But these pork and chive fried dumpling babies are crisped to PERFECTION and for being the best $1 investment I know of in NYC, Prosperity gets 2 golden thumbs!!! On a very rare occasion I can settle for just 5. But 9.9 times out of 10, these savory little critters are just too damn tasty, I can't help but reach for 5 more! I only wish they would get a location here in Brooklyn.  Preferably in my neighborhood. )o;
I don't count. Pork is not my thing so if you want to know if these are amazing pork dumplings, run... run far away from this review. But if you're one of those people in this world who has many friends who believe that pork is the food of life and you need to also find sustenance at the same venue, then look no further.  Without further ado... I present to you the veggie dumpling. It's one of the best, if not the best I've had so far in my vegetable dumpling experience. Like most veggie dumplings, I can't identify what vegetables are actually in it. Apparently you have to ask for sauce or get your own. Don't forget about this or you'll be home with sauceless dumplings.
This little tiny counter spot is quick service and GREAT dumplings.  I got the 5 pork and chive dumplings (for $1, no tax) and the 50 frozen pork and chive dumplings for $9.  For $10 I walked out really happy.  If it's warm outside - I recommend walking a block over to Allen street to sit in the sunshine (there are tables and chairs in the public 'park' in the middle of the intersection) and enjoy these really awesome crispy and chewy and savory dumplings.  Best steal in town.
A bag a dumplings (50 for $8) will keep me satiated, happy, and pleasant for quite some time. Dirt cheap prices. Tastes really freaking good. Can get oily (duh). Tourists be gone!!!
This place is ridiculously good, cheap, and yummy! Everything is below $5! The dumplings are $1 for 5 and the stuff doesn't taste half as bad! However the dumplings are really greasy, and they reuse the oil that they cook! I come here every time I only have a dollar or two on me and when I'm hungry! The place is quick, and fast! and trust me the dumplings here will make you full! I also tried the boiled dumplings which are also $1 for 5 which taste pretty good! My friends and I enjoy coming here because it's pretty convenient! They also serve sesame pancake with a variety of toppings inside, as well as noodles! The thing that's bad about this place is that it's small and hot, and the kitchen looks like it needs a make-over! However, don't let that stop you from getting a few tasty dumplings! So. . .  If you're ever in Chinatown,  and your short on cash, you should definitely try Prosperity Dumplings!
I was wrong,  I should not order 16 fried dumplings because they're too greasy. Tasteful though. Unbelievably cheap dumplings, 4 fried dumplings for 1 dollar. A guy can get full with 8 fried dumplings.
This place is dumplings heaven!!! Fried dumplings are so good and so cheap! We ordered fried pork dumplings (4 for $1), boiled pork dumplings for (10 for $2.75, boiled chicken dumplings (8 for $3), water, and some noodles.. omg, so much food for so little!!! Fried dumplings are delicious, next time we will skip the boiled and just get all fried! Its so juicy and big! For boiled you will have to wait 5-10mins but instant for fried.... delicious way to end the weekend. Oh this place is super tight but take out and walk over to the park and enjoy your dumplings!!!
Not a place I would take my mother, but gosh, these dumplings are good! The space is cramped and not particularly clean or appetizing to eat in, so I usually get to go or buy a bag of frozen pork dumplings. One bag = 50 dumplings = l0 good meals = a week's worth of lunches = $8 - a super good deal.
Basically whenever I venture down to Chinatown, I spend $20 and walk out with enough food for 5 dinners.  Best dumplings ever.  I seriously fantasize about their dumplings whenever I smell Chinese food and make a point to get them almost every weekend.   Only negative thing I have to say is that there is very minimal seating (4 bar stools) so you have to take your food to go.  But the food is so cheap and delicious, they're getting 5 stars anyways.
What can I say that hasn't been said? $1 gets you 5 amazing dumplings. Sure, the place looks dirty, and there is a big bucket of MSG on the counter for you to use, but that's what real chinese/american food is. Delicious.
I have very mixed feelings about writing this review. I LOVE dumplings. Especially the northern China style dumplings, similar to the ones that gets pumped out here at Prosperity. It's almost IMPOSSIBLE for me to not like a dumpling place, but Prosperity found a way to do it.... So, does propserity dumplings taste good? Not bad, compared to some of the best dumplings I've had in Asia, it's just OK, but it's not bad. What I REALLY DON'T LIKE about the place: 1) I strongly believe they use a lot of MSG in their food. Simply from the gallons of water I was craving after having 2 orders of dumplings here and my experience eating MSG-heavy food in Asia, I could tell this place probably use A LOT of MSG to boost the flavor of their food. 2) The place is cheap, but along with cheap I found chewy / weird bites of meat in my dumplings. C'mon people, think about it, if they were using good (I'm not talking fancy meat here, just normal, standard, plain-o grocery store-quality) meats, could it still POSSIBLY be this cheap?!? Some bites of the pork in the dumpling reminded me of this horror movie I saw in Asia about this woman who would purchase baby fetuses from other women who have had abortions just to chop the fetuses into dumpling stuffing and uses that as a delicacy to keep her skin young and beautiful forever. OK, that might be my imagination reaching a bit too far, but you get the point of how GROSSED OUT I was with the meat they used in their dumplings. So as much as I REALLY REALLY wanted to love this place, I walked away feeling disappointed, and really quite grossed out.
The best dumplings I've had thus far, by a long-shot. Prosperity is tiny, with two small counters on either side for eating, but during busy times it's basically impossible to sit and eat, so don't expect a relaxing atmosphere. People are constantly coming in and out, ordering, and then leaving. They are very fast though, so even during the busiest times the wait isn't long.The dumplings are well worth it, and at only $1 for five, the price can't be beat.
seeing the melting of the white styro-foam box sticking on those hot dumpling freshly fried on the pan and got thrown in that box ...is kindda creep me out a bit. - like you guys eat that? isn't it chemical? If not because of this, I would have been a fan.
Came here expecting to be let down by the massive hype and wonderful reviews of this place. Luckily for me, I was wrong as usual. We were wandering all through Chinatown and I remembered hearing about this place and when we looked it up, it wasn't far at all, so we began our trek here. Was expecting a line out of the door like other reviewers had mentioned, but no line whatsoever when we got there. Now, this place does look dumpy from the outside and the interior isn't all that much better, but the people inside were gracious and friendly (something I don't really expect out of Asian hole in the wall joints). We ordered a bunch of fried and boiled dumplings. They charge you more for the boiled ones (.625 cents more per dumpling). I don't really understand why. Enjoyed the textures of both the fried and boiled. Usually prefer fried, but the boiled was excellent here. Not too doughy or chewy/sticky like other dumpling houses when they are boiled. Good amount of seasoning in all the fillings we got. The chives work better with the pork than the cabbage though. Soy sauce isn't even necessary. These little suckers taste fantastic naked and undressed! Seriously, if you could care less about variety, you could get a whole day's worth of food here for a mere five bucks. And damn good food at that!
These dumplings are the real deal. 4 healthy-sized pork & chive friend dumplings ready to go for $1. Two orders will fill you up, maybe three if you're starving. Don't bother ordering anything else. This is how you survive in NYC on a budget without giving up good food!
A delicious meal for 3 people for $6.00? Here's how: You order a small hot and sour soup ($1), a sesame pancake ($1), a wonton noodle soup ($3) and 5 fried pork dumplings ($1). Yum. Cheap. What more can you ask for?
Cheap? Yes. Tasty? No. Many better options in surrounding area. Don't believe the hype.
5 for $1 dumplings I can end it at that. Delicious and impossibly cheap. The place is pretty hood far from the hustle and bustling of chinatown but definitely worth the trek. I always just bring them to the nearby park around the corner to sit and enjoy.
I was on a mission to hunt for all of NYC's cheap eats - well this had to be one of the stops.$1 fried dumplings $2.50 for boiled dumplings and $1 for fried pork buns...the dumplings are average and you have to use soy sauce and siracha sauce to improve the taste. The  place is dirty ,hole in the wall, literally 2  or 3 seats The cashier is the fried dumpling cook, handles money and was coughing at the same time... If you dont like fried pork you are out of luck (just as i was) If you dont like sticky tables, greasy shared soy sauce and seasoning bottles you are really out of luck (just as i was) If you dont care for cleanliness or greasiness you may even like it Ive experienced it- cheap but u get what you pay for :( Not worth the trip to Chinatown
Another hole in the wall dumpling place in china town. Further down south from Vanessa's Dumpling. Not sure if being deeper into chinatown than Vanessa's has anything to do with it but it's cheaper than Vanessa's. Much less crowded but it is much much much smaller. It is primarily a take out place but there are some stools you can sit and eat. It is located across from a school so watch out for the hungry after school tween crowd. They cook up the dumplings relatively fast. The dumplings itself is on par with Vanessa's but I liked the fried dumplings from this place better. Can't beat the bang for the buck. No fancy credit card machines here so you better be packing some Washingtons!
These dumplings are hot, tasty, and crispy. They're also a bit too greasy. But when you're paying $1 for 5 dumplings and can get your fill for $3-4, it's hard to complain.
Food was average quality. I don't get the hype. It is a bargain place, hygiene level and organization reflects that.
The Chinatown here really reminds me of parts of older cities in Taiwan. So I saw my fellow yelpers mentioned $1 for 4 dumplings. What? That's crazy. So I stop in and wow the price is true. Got 3 orders of dumplings and soy milk to wash these delicious freshly made dumplings down. First bite, what can I say. It was so good.  Juicy, soft and meaty. Mmmmmmmmm. Love love Chinese dumplings.  Just put the whole thing in my mouth. Oh yes! The last dumpling was good as the first. Will be visiting this place often.
Dumplings are a major part of Chinese New Year celebrations and are thought to bring prosperity to their devourers. Hence the restaurant name here, Prosperity Dumpling, is very appropos.  With delicious dumplings priced at the ludicrously low 5 for $1, I would be very prosperous indeed if I ate all my meals at Prosperity Dumpling!  The pork & chive are the best, far trumping the small, less crispy and more expensive veggie dumplings! There's a magic to the process of cooking fried dumplings in a large wok.  The water allows the skin and fillings to fully cook and also dissolves some of the flour on the dumpling skins.  At the end of the process, this reduces into a very light batter to coat the bottoms of the dumpling, which, with a few minutes in hot oil, becomes a thrillingly crispy crust at the bottom of the dumplings.  The skin of the dumplings at Prosperity is just the right thickness to produce optimal crust, but you're more likely to get the best crust when the place isn't too busy...which seems rare...   The sesame pancake is also delightful.  They make the huge pancakes fresh and stuff them with whatever you want.  I tried an egg sesame pancake sandwich, which featured 1 fried egg and plenty of julienned veggies for $1.75.  We also tried the beef noodles ($3), but you'd be better off checking out SuperTaste down the street if you want well executed noodles.   Wash all of your worries and dumplings down with fresh soy milk ($1).  For sweet soy milk, the self-serve sugar is on the counter where you order. PARTING THOUGHT: I'd recommend taking an extra order (or 2) of the pork and chive fried dumplings to fry up extra crispy for breakfast
$1 for 5 Dumplings. This itself deserves a 5 star in this ECONOMY! But of course, the flavor itself is amazing too. Skin is thin and the stuffing tastes great. It comes hot and steaming. We also got the sesame pancake with beef and it costs merely $1.5 and is good for 2 people. $3.5 for two people's lunch is just such a bargain. The only down side is there are only like 6 seatings so come prepared to eat standing up! Love it!
If I only had a few dollars left in my pocket, I would be queuing up to eat at this hole in the wall [with the exception that I need several more dollars to fly to NYC]. Eight and a half staff efficiently move within a couple hundred square feet of space and pan fry the best tasting potstickers [gow xie] I have ever tasted. They are filled with a smooth mixture of pork and chives that is well seasoned. These are the savoury answer to two-bite brownies. Best of all you get 5 for $1.00. Another must-try is their sesame pancake sandwiches filled with your choice of beef or duck. I opted for the duck after I recommendation from my cousin. A new york pizza sliced-sized sesame pancake is deep-fried, split opened, and stuffed with pulled soy duck, vinagrette carrot/radish, and cilantro. The bite of savoury meat, tang of carrot/radish, fresh zip of cilantro, and nice price of $1.75 should declare this "best sandwich" in NYC. BYOB, empty your pockets of change, and pull up to one of the four bar stools for easily one of the most delicious cheap eats!
If you are looking for cheap dumplings, this place is awesome. The sesame pancakes are pretty good as well, they are not just beef or chicken but have cut up carrots and cilantro inside. We spent $8 for 2 and were stuffed. Our ice cream down the street cost more than dinner!
The dumplings were really good, but I felt sick later in the day and so did my brother. Not sure if it was because we were walking so much and were dehydrated or it was the dumplings. I'll probably stick to Vanessa's down the street. *They actually made a mistake when we were here though, probably because it was super busy, but they gave us 3 orders of steamed dumplings instead of just the 2 that we ordered. SCORE!
For just one dollar the fried pork dumplings are very good! Their scallion pancake with duck was creasy and did not have much meat, walk a little further to Vanessa's Dumpling House if you want this dish, but I wouldn't suggest the dumplings at Vanessa's the wrappers are too thick.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ANYTIME YOU ARE IN CHINATOWN. If you want a quick and easy meal under $5, come here. Recommendations: 1. One or two orders of the dumplings (depending on how hungry you are). Don't forget the sauce that will probably be on the tables on the side. 2. Pork sesame pancake. Don't just order "sesame pancake" or the guy will give you just the veggie one. While the veggie version is also very solid, the pork makes it much much better. I ALWAYS get this combination. Just can't be beat. FYI, if you want to get some for home, last time I came here, I was able to buy 50 frozen dumplings for 10 bucks. It won't taste as good as they cook it, as they have a system and skill in making it, but it'll still be better than most all other store purchased dumplings. If you feel the area is a bit cramped, just walk one block west on Hester and you'll be at the park with some nice seats and families.
I feel like I'm beating a dead horse here when I say that these dumplings are as good as it gets. As usual, I rate according to what the restaurant aims to do. Prosperity seems to aim to do nothing more than provide excellent dumplings at a great price. An immediate plus is that you can see into the kitchen, keeping their cooking standards accountable. The dumplings are a great size and the pork and chives are wonderfully cooked. It's mouth watering juicy and you can expect juice to flow out like a soup dumpling. The pork and chives are extremely well balanced - meaning that the chives don't overpower the pork flavor in anyway. One potential drawback (not for me) is that these dumplings are greasy.
Now I have to admit, this place is OVERRATED. At least in terms of taste. I do admit that the price is ridiculously amazing, and if we are talking about the food relative to the price, then yes it's ridiculously amazing. But if we are talking about food in general, it was just good. First of all, OMG where in this country will you ever be able to find such cheap Chinese food? And it's Manhattan for crying out loud! I came from southern California and we never even had any food this cheap there - then again, I suppose that isn't saying much since California is so expensive these days! Anyways, the price is amazing. You definitely get what you pay for and more! As for the food, it was definitely good. But all in all, I'd say of all the Chinese food I've had in this country - because we can't count what I've had in Taiwan - it's quite average. Well, at least the dumplings were, which is their calling card. Again, if we are talking about the dumplings in terms of price, then of course it was damn great! And of course, getting 50 frozen dumplings for $9? AMAZING! I boiled some later that night and it tasted exactly like the ones I had in the store. But relative to all the other dumpling places I've had, it was just good - the fried dumplings were barely fried, but not bad at all for 50 cent dumplings. The sesame pancake was really good though, and I can't remember ever having this before so I have no point of comparison. And then the wontons were good too - again, just average - except that the soup was really watered down. I didn't really care because it was about $1 for about 6 wontons, and I really just wanted those wontons. Although the hot "soup" was really yummy in my tummy after trekking through the cold and rain to get here. However, I have to say that I would have given them four stars if I hadn't ordered the beef noodle soup. I am a huge fan of beef noodle soup, so of course I had to try it here - especially since it was less than $4. Now before you all start raving about how I shouldn't have ordered the beef noodle soup at a dumpling place - it's on the menu, so I can damn well order it, thank you very much. Anyways, it was DISGUSTING. It literally looked and tasted like a packet of frozen udon in hot water with beef and lettuce. I mean, I know it's less than $4, but this wasn't even worth $1 to me! If you're really going to just focus on the dumplings - and sesame pancake because that was yummy too - and not put any effort into this "beef noodle soup," then don't even have it on your menu! I still shudder to think that I thought I was going to get somewhat authentic beef noodle soup. SO disappointed. And of course there's no real seating here. There's two small counters that could fit a total of six people, and my boyfriend and I were lucky enough to grab some seats when we came in. Otherwise I'm not sure the food would have tasted as good since it takes us about an hour to get back to our apartment from here. Again, who cares because the food was so damn cheap! Overall, for the price, most of the food is definitely way worth it. Especially the frozen dumplings, and I would recommend coming to buy the frozen dumplings - and maybe some sesame pancake - if you're in the area. But AVOID THE BEEF NOODLE SOUP!!!
After reading reviews on Yelp, I convinced my friend to get some dumplings since we were in the neighborhood. We purchased 20 fried pork and chive dumplings for $4. The place is so tiny... By the time we were home, (2 hrs later) the dumplings were cold and just tasted OK. Regardless if they were hot or not, we both agreed that the filling wasn't that good. I've had better from my local chinese supermarket. Yeah they're cheap and will fill you up, but would I bother trying them again? Most likely not. I'd rather buy the frozen ones for $6 at the supermarket and make them myself.
Dirt cheap dumplings! 5 for $1, freshly made, cooked, and served in a total dive.  I ordered fried pork and chive dumplings.  They are perfectly fried and the skin is nicely browned and crispy.  There's not a whole lot of meat or chive inside, but it's enough.   I doubt the "A" sanitation rating, but the food is made fresh and turns over quickly so your chance of a toilet visit due to spoilage is fairly low. Tip - order to go.
Easy, cheap and good quality. I was in rush so I just had fried dumpling but want to try other menu! Dumpling had juicy filling and wrapping was thin which is good.
It's no sit-down restaurant, the place is kind of gross and tacky but that's what makes it so amazing. The sign above the order line is ghetto, the price changes were crossed-out with a marker. Despite it's funk, you can get 5 fried dumplings for a $1.
Apparently everyone else had the same idea as we did- go on a dumpling tour of the Lower East Side/Chinatown on a rainy Sunday afternoon. Prosperity was packed to the gills. Bodies everywhere, waiting to order or standing and eating these dumplings. Prosperity is the size of a tiny shoebox. No larger than a single sized dorm room. Scratch that, a smidge smaller. Anyhooo, the menu is very simple- dumplings or.. dumplings. At least thats what it was for us. We ordered 2 orders of Pork and Chive dumplings. love love love. Tasty pork but the wrappers were coming off. Sad face :(. I was eager to try other things on the menu, but there were definitely people eyeing our seats. Also, just a public service announcement, if you are eating at these tiny "restaurants" please be mindful and throw out your trash. I AM LOOKING AT YOU PEOPLE WHO LEFT THEIR TRASH ON THE COUNTER. Otherwise, my belly was very very happy and very full of Oinkers and Greens. NOM!
4 pork and chive dumplings for 1 dollar ? Totally had no expectations at all and was super happy to have only spent 3.50 on my meal. I got 2 orders of dumplings and 1 order of the seasame with veggies. I cant remember the exact name but it is on the very far left side bottom part of the menu. Loved how crispy it was and tasted like a yummy cilantro carrot banh mi infusion of flavors. The shrimp dumplings which only come boiled had shrimp and cabbage inside, these tasted real funky I had to spit them out. The yellow noodles with peanut sauce was whack, don't get it! Moral of the story is the pork and chive dumplings are the bomb and the price can't be beat!!!
Great dumplings here 4 for $1 and the pancakes arent too bad. My only complaint is how hard it can be to get service in the morning some of the morning staff do not speak English..they lost out on $10 because of that
Now, if you read my previous review of Vanessa Dumplings then you know I had to review Prosperity... After my Vanessa Dumpling experience I thought to myself, wow, can it get any better? The answer is yes! Thanks to yelp I found this place called Prosperity Dumpling, which according to reviews, was better than Vanessa's. So Ashley S. and I set forth for yet another Dumpling adventure. Unlike its rival Vanessa, prosperity is a 100% no frills, no thrills, Chinatown hole in the wall dumpling shop. There are no tables and maybe one stool, but then again, this place is so hot from the constant cooking that takes place there that I'm not sure I would really want to sit and eat. Nevertheless, I have seen people stay and eat here. So what makes Prosperity #1? Because Prosperity makes simple handmade dumplings that fresh, delicious and unbelievably cheap! How cheap? Well $1 will get you 5 fried pork and chive dumplings and $2 will get your 10 boiled pork and chive dumplings. Amazing? Yes, especially in this economy. Prosperity is all about their dumplings. They know it, I know it and now you know it so go get some!
Prosperity Dumpling is definitely prosperous, and why shouldn't they be, with cheap and fresh dumplings? It is a hole in the wall joint that can seat no more than five people, but the high turnover rate keeps the dumplings coming along fresh. I had my pork and chive dumplings both fried and boiled, and they were both good! I liked them boiled better, since the dumpling skin just slips and slides down my eager mouth. If you want to get your fix from your own home, it'll be 50 frozen dumplings for 8 bucks. At 4 cents a dumpling, it's one of the best deals Manhattan can offer, freshly made and not from a factory.
We had 8 pork and chives dumplings for 2.00 and a wonton soup for 1.50 which was delicious. The dumplings were very tasty and full of meat inside. The place is little and usually the line is outside on the sidewalk. The orders are placed and delivered very quickly. The guy taking orders speak English and Spanish as well. It was surprising a place this small can deliver such quality.
I'm sooo tempted to give this place 5 stars. Their dumplings are sent from heaven. And I've tried every spot from the lower Manhattan area. but its small space, gets crowded and cramped easily. Please expand, you guys are talented.
The best dumplings I ever had? Nah. Most bang for your buck? Fudge yeah! This place is definitely a great spot for a quick bite. 5 huge dumplings for a dollar. It's not your authentic dumplings though - (FJ region owners and FJ don't make their dumplings this way). All good in the hood though. I am still liking it. Great and fast service. I'm starting to love these hole in the wall spot where we all touch elbows. "drop bows and bows what"
Can you get crazy for dumplings? If you try these believe me, you can.
I'm not hating just to hate. Anyone who's from an Asian household or has been to Asia or has eaten in San Francisco's or Boston's Chinatown or has friends who have will easily discern that the novelty of the 4-for-a-dollar dumpling deal is akin to the 99-cent pizza slice; cheap and not that great. Actually, I've had two very different experiences with Prosperity Dumpling, and both should have charmed me if this establishment were as raw, real, or magical as the lore suggests. The first time was 2009. I was a visitor to NYC with stars in my eyes, traipsing around with a buddy with whom I always get into some serious adventures, culinary and otherwise. He somehow (neither of us had smartphones back then, and in fact, I was going through a no-phone phase entirely) realized we were near "this really famous" dumpling shop. We found our way to Prosperity, bought ourselves some pork and chive dumplings, then carried out the styrofoam packages and leaned up against the chain link fence of a school basketball court to consume them. I remember drowning the dumplings in soy sauce, searching for that oomph that I'd been expecting but wasn't there, despite the obviously homemade characteristics of what I was eating. The next time was six years later, last Friday, deep into my fifth year of residence in this city. It was a nippy, overcast day, and a friend and I went into the little hole-in-the-wall and claimed one of the few seats against a wooden counter table. Unfortunately, the hyped establishment was super-packed as ever, and a lot of the people liked to obliviously stand holding the door open with their bodies even if there was actually room to shut the damn door if they had any senses or half a brain or any consideration whatsoever. This time, I went big and spent five bones total for a sesame pancake and boiled shrimp dumpling in a soup. First of all, I received the sesame pancake immediately and it wasn't what I'd expected. That was my stupidity, though, for confusing it for a turnip pancake and being surprised when instead of a dense, oily, fried delight, I got a fluffy, seedy fried triangle. The soup followed quite some time later, especially considering the rapid turnaround that should be a hallmark of a place like this. Also, though we'd been sitting at the counter and nibbling at our sesame pancakes the whole time, the slammed man behind the counter did not realize this, and put the scalding hot soup in a plastic container...and I know I sound like such a goddamn park sloper but all I could think about was the unsustainability of it all, and how molecules from the plastic were probably being released into the soup I was about to drink. Once I got over that, I dipped into the broth. Once the satisfaction of the heat wore off, what I tasted was a porky grease bath incomplex in favor. The only other thing in there other than the dumplings were just plain boiled up cabbage. Literally nothing else. While the dumplings became oases of comparative joy in light of the soup, they, too, were very thick skinned and blandish. Only sriracha and soy were around as embellishments, and these were constantly being grabbed up by the hordes of buyers and not returned to their stations. It's not like it's SO horrible here, but one can do a LOT better. For instance, North China Dumpling (separate review) is only marginally more pricey, and far more flavorful, far less crowded, and much more ambient. And they have a lower per-unit price for frozen dumplings than Prosperity's 50 for $9 dollars. And you know what, I don't feel bad getting real about this little business, since plenty of others consider it enough of an establishment in order to ignore my opinion entirely and continue buoying up the fame of this lumpen joint. Suit  yourselves.
I've come here a few times and have had their dumplings and potstickers (of both chicken and pork varieties), which were excellent. I also had their sheng jian bao (amazing deal at only 3 for $1), which arrived smooshed (this is probably the last place that comes to mind when you think of the word "presentation"), but somehow the taste was even better than many sit-down Shanghainese restaurants in the area, which is surprising given that sheng jian bao is supposed to be a Shanghainese specialty. Why am I only giving it three stars, you might wonder? Their frozen dumplings. Maybe it was a bad batch, but the meat is simply not fresh. The skin is also prone to breaking (about half had some form of leakage), and is likely to stick to the pot. The quality is a far cry from Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Cuisine, which sells 50 dumplings for $9 as well but is much, much better. So stick with their fresh stuff, and you can't go wrong.
It's after eating places like these I thank the good heavens I'm Chinese. I freaking love my people. Who else slices up delicious beef and puts it in-between 2 fluffy, fried, sesame-topped pancakes? Can't even handle my delirious joy. I came here today with 2 friends from out of state who wanted to try some real Chinese food. I got pork and chives dumplings with the beef sesame pancake and they got vegetable dumplings and a plain sesame pancake. If $1 for 5 dumplings wasn't good enough, I opened my takeout container to find 12 fried dumplings. Holy beejesus! I ravenously poured dumpling sauce and siracha in my top lid and ate. Conclusion? Deeelicious! The dumplings even have a bit of "juice" in them, that's impressive. At the rate they churn these babies out, I'm shocked at the quality. It's in the top 5 dumplings I've had and that includes those from Richmond B.C. (also known as China in Canada) and Hong Kong. I called my mother to tell her she can stop sending me her frozen homemade dumplings because I can buy them from here for $8 per 50 pieces. Yes, you read that right--16 cents apiece. It actually hurts my head to think this through. I'm not sure if they are even making a profit with the prices they charge, so please tip. I'll be back monthly for a re-up of frozen dumplings for sure.
Prosperity Dumpling was another place on my list of places to go in New York. I read some awesome reviews about the dumplings, and for so little money, I knew I had nothing to lose. What a great value. My friend and I shared 5 fried pork dumplings, 10 steamed pork dumplings, and 1 sesame pancake. All for the grand total of $4.00. And, NO TAX! Wow, cheap food and no random change to jingle around in my pocket. The dumplings were delicious and juicy. The steamed pork dumplings in particular oozed out juice as you bite into it. Yes, it can get messy and you should probably just eat it in one bite. The pancake was large, so we asked to split it into two for easy sharing. It was crispy, hot, and tasty. Overall the food was great, the price was great. The place itself is a little hole in the wall with about 6 seats. Definitely a good pit stop for some quick and cheap Chinese food!
Yum! Get the frozen 50-dumpling pack for $9 and store it up. It makes a quick and scrumptious lunch/dinner. Prosperity dumpling is fantastic. There is always a line (the restaurant is truly a hole in the wall) but it moves fast and don't be intimidated by all the yelling that goes on.
The pork and chive dumplings are hands down the best dumplings I've ever had. As in: the only ones ever worth having. As in: dumplings from everywhere else will seem utterly insufficient after you've had Prosperity. The boiled dumplings are far superior to the pan fried, and the sesame pancake is another must have. Hot and Sour soup and wonton soup are also better than expected. Everything is incredibly cheap--and I mean incredible. You get a more than fulfilling entire meal for less than three dollars. The shop itself lacks any appeal, small and narrow and with scattered plastic utensils. Good for take out, and okay for a quick in store meal but nothing like a real restaurant. But...a minor, minor sacrifice for the best dumplings you'll ever have, at prices that seem impossible. I've gotten the 50 frozen dumplings for $8 to take home, and even that is a reliable comfort when a trek to the LES/Chinatown just isn't possible (though, it is still, inevitably, worth it).
In the infamous words of Homer J. Simpson.. Mmmmmmm...Dumplings *drool*. It's cheap as heck(a dollar for 5 woo hoo!) and they taste VERY good(I got the pork and chives ones). What more can you want?. Unfortunately their English isn't the best, but hey what can you do. For a dollar's worth of awesome cheap dumplings I can't complain. The beef sesame pancake was also very good but the dumplings took first prize for me :) oh btw the spicy sauce is actually quite spicy.
I had a difficult time deciding what to rate Prosperity.  For what it is, it would be unfair and a reach to ask any more of this little dumpling shop.  Even if the dumplings were average, $1 for 4 large dumplings is pretty insane in 2013.  I ordered two orders of dumplings, a pint of hot and sour soup, and a poland spring with a price total of $4.25.  However, the dumplings are definitely above average, and you can see the freshness i.e. in how whole chives were visible mixed in with the pork.  I chose Prosperity at first because my friend reviewed it highly on Yelp.  I didn't come here knowing that Prosperity was a big deal.  But, I soon found out as the line formed out the front door.  I give Prosperity 3 stars however because the hot and sour soup was average at best, and I could imagine finding better dumplings in NYC.  They were above average, but not the end all.  However, I would gladly come back here when walking around Chinatown again.  A summer goal for me is to thoroughly explore NYC's Chinatown scene, including especially the Brooklyn Chinatown, so I am looking forward to see how Prosperity compares.  One turn off for me was that most if not all of the patrons here were at most tourists or at least Chinatown visitors like me.  Not one Chinese patron entered the shop.  I am inclined to believe from this that these are the best dumplings in NYC through the lense of visitors.  All in all, the hunt continues for the best chinese food I can find, but Prosperity is a definite visit if you are in the area.
I would gladly sit outside in a blizzard in order to consume this godly, steamy, crispy miracles.  When I first tasted the goodness I wanted to fall down and kiss the earth.  The price is right and the sriracha is a-flowing.  To all these people complaining about them--Prosperity Dumpling isn't pretending to be some high-class gourmet celebrity chef owned restaurant.  It's literally a hole in the wall where people sweat in the summer and freeze in the winter because frankly they're so good and cheap no one gives a shit.  Wonton soup, sesame pancake, fried pork and scallion dumplings, and I'll sell my soul.  I'm eternally grateful for this Manhattan gem.
Okay! With all the hype I've been hearing about this place, I needed to eat there myself... you know... so I could be my own judge. I called up my friend and told her to meet me at the Red Mango not too far from the restaurant, I said 'Heather, meet me at Red Mango.  We're going to Prosperity Dumplings', and quickly hung up.  She met me with dark shades and with a look of determination, "Lets go" - With that, we were on our way. A hop and a skip later we made it.  There was a dusting of people in front of the dumpling house, a sure good sign.  We hopped on line and asked for an order of Chicken Dumplings (We're not down with the swine) "15 minutes" said the cashier after he collected $2.50 from me.  Okay, fine, we can do that.  We were lucky to get two seats while we waited and I'm glad we got there when we did because as soon as we sat down the line expanded 7 people out the door. Now, I've been off gluten - breads, pasta, candy - you name it for close to 6 months, but my silly butt behind was insistent - come on, $2.50 for 10 chicken dumplings!  "It's only a little bit" We got our dumplings in exactly 15 minutes, we covered the bottom of the styrofoam with soy sauce then walked over to the nearby park to eat it.   The dumplings were thick skinned, and the chicken really unnoticeable, it tasted good for what it was. And I was satisfied, until maybe 12 hours later when my stomach was about to explode due to the gluten reaction.  I did it to myself, lol I knew better.  I won't be doing it again but at least I can say I did.
It was like eating happiness in a Styrofoam container. It's cheap, it's awesome, its what any persona on a pitiful budget could wish for. If only they gave me my 2 orders of dumplings with soy sauce. (you have to hunt down and put it on yourself) Though there is no sitting area and it is really crowded the food was well worth my legendary uncomfortableness.   (I'm a bit claustrophobic. and I will be going back.)
$1 for 5 delicious dumplings that are as good  as those at the better known Vanessa's Dumpling House down the street. Not much room to eat in, but on a nice day there is a park a few blocks away where you can sit and enjoy. The skins on these dumplings are much thinner and less doughy than those on the outside of Chinatown restaurant fried dumplings so you get a better taste of the filling. A definite thumbs up if you are a dumpling fan!
We hit up Prosperity Dumpling, Dumpling House and Fried Dumpling all in one night.  Prosperity Dumpling was my favorite, having no line (bonus!) and perfectly fried dumplings in the cleanest looking environment and the friendliest staff. Dumplings range from $1 - $3 for anywhere from 4-8 dumplings (which are large). No place to sit, really, but the ledge across the street is just wide enough to perch upon while you scarf down great dumplings.  If I could give 4 1/2 stars, I would.
Everyone screams about five dumplings for $1.   Five pan seared, crispy, not too doughy, just the right kind of garlicky, undense, lively flavored and lightly textured filling, pork filled dumplings. Everyone should scream.  They're ridiculously good.   Some tips:  mix the two sauces.  Also - the place is tiny and not for fine dining.  There's probably gonna be a line and no place to sit.   It's all about the food.  $1 food is good.  Edible $1 food is terrific.  Fantastic $1 food is...fantastic.
Worth the inconvenience
Bang for the buck! Extremely good veggie dumplings. The take home frozen dumplings are great to relish for a couple of weeks. Return ? Yes Frequency ? Occasionally
It's absolutely amazing. It sucks that it changed from 5 pieces for $1 to 4 pieces, but whatever! I still love it to death. The pork and chive fried dumplings are made to perfection and so are the sesame/chive pancakes.
Flavor grenades... boom.  And 5 dumplings for a $1?  I'm really tempted to change my favorite # from 7 to 6 for the sole purpose of the menu set up at this joint.  After all, it's tough to keep a level head after visiting this place. There will be people in line.  It will go out the door (place be tiny), especially at lunch time.  Try the off hours for quicker service, though they be pretty on point even during busier times.  However, I don't mind getting some yummy dumplings right off the stove.
On the way going to Super Taste (famous for their pulled noodles), we found this tiny dumpling spot and decided to try. We ordered 5 fried dumpling (meat) and 10 steamed (meat). They were.....good 5 for $1 and 10 for $2. For me, it was "Quantity than Quality"....
All I had was the beef sesame pancake and it was yummy. Almost reminded me of pizza hut crust--greasy, but delicious. It's pretty much carry out only. We grabbed it as an appetizer and brought it with us to another place we went for noodle soup!
My cousin was raving about these all day...so after a dinner In Chinatown, we decided to try these as a second dinner...and even though we were STUFFED from WoHop's deliciousness, we still managed to pack in 3 each! 10 dumplings for 2$..you really can't beat that! They also sell them frozen, and I got 50 for $8..I'm pretty sure that's the cheapest most convienent dinner I bought in the city..if you don't feel like cooking theyre great to throw on a pan with some sauce!
Sesame Pancake? check! Vegetable Boiled Dumplings? Check, Check! A filling and delicious meal in NYC for $3? Priceless
i got 8 veggie dumplings for $2.50 or maybe $2.  I paid for half of it in quarters! They were so good drowned in sriacha and soy sauce. Next time i'm going to try the pork dumplings and the sesame pancake sandwich looked amazing. It is a hole in the wall, a few stools along the wall, no tables.
for the quality and price, I think its totally worth for 5 stars, good for dumpling lovers
Prosperity Dumpling is a tiny hole in the wall famous for its dumplings (as the name suggests). Most people had dumplings to-go because the place was tiny. There were about eight stools with a tiny table sticking out against the wall. My friend ordered Chives and Pork Fried Dumplings (5 for $1). The dumplings looked too greasy so I didn't try them. She also ordered Chives and Pork Boiled Dumplings (10 for $2). The skin of the dumplings were a bit too thick, and I am not sure if the content inside was actually pork. We split the Vegetable and Shrimp Dumplings (10 for $3.50), which were slightly more expensive. These dumplings may look small, but they are packed tightly so I got full really quickly. The vegetable and shrimp dumplings surprisingly had a big shrimp inside. These weren't as juicy as the pork dumplings, but I much preferred them nonetheless. I would say the ratio between the chive and the shrimp was 1:1. Quite impressed! I would definitely order this again. Also $3.50 for a filling meal in NYC is such a bargain.
The dumplings are OK.  The dumpling itself is a little too thick for my taste but the inside contents are yummy. However, the pork buns are the best I've ever had. Even after living in Asia for a year. And this place is crazy cheap! I will stock up on frozen pork buns the next time I'm heading straight home.  You can get 20 of them for 5 bucks. Amazing. Definitely worth a trip.
Def give this place a try. Of all the dumpling places, I decided to try this one based on yelp reviews and the fact that it was in NY magazine. Delish fried dumplings.  Can't beat 5 for $1.  The sesame pancake wasn't too shabby either.   This place draws the locals and the tourists.  Everything is made fresh, which is a huge plus. Stop by for a snack or a ridiculously cheap lunch/dinner.
Everything in the menu is extremely affordable. In addition to dumplings, they sell noodles and pancakes too. I had an order of beef sesame pancake and 10 dumplings, all that food for only $3.75! The dumplings had a nice filling. My only complain is that the dumpling skin wasn't was crispy as I'd like it to be. It's worth the special trip to Chinatown. Watch out for the long lines and lack of seats.
Sesame Pancake with Pork for $1.75. Sesame Pancake + Slightly fatty, slighty lean flavorful slices of pork + carrot strips + cilantro = GOLDEN TRUMPETS are sounding in my head, for a mere one dollar and seventy five cents. FOR LESS THAN TWO DOLLARS you can feed yourself with zing bing bang flavors in your mouth...AND BE FULL! That's cheaper than a lot of pizza slices nowadays! This is my absolute favorite thing on the menu. Add some spicy (albeit watery) sriracha and you are good to go. I would describe it as Vietnamese banh mi on deliciously fluffy sesame pancake. Not much seating, and very crowded, but it comes wrapped up, so you can walk over to the park at Grand st, sit on a bench, and watch some intense handball rivalry action while you eat!
Best dumplings I've ever had, AND THEY'RE CHEAP! I love the sesame pancake and overall it's usually consistant. There's no place in New York that's better.
tasty, quick & cheap spot with everything positive that's already been mentioned here, although they very recently raised their price to 4 dumplings for $1 (8 for $2). kinda sucks, but it's still cheap and they have bills to pay too, right?
Yeah, it's small and cheap! cheap! cheap!  Also very greasy, so be sure to have some good tea to wash it down. We only spent $5 and got 9 pot stickers and 5 deep fried dumplings with beef fillings. They tasted pretty normal and fresh. My throat was feeling a bit scratchy from eating them but i didn't get sick. That's a plus! It's probably from all the oil that they used.
So delicious. Dumplings for 1$ is probably one of the better deals that I have come across in nyc. This is a place that I love to take people when I give personal food tours for my out of town guests. It is always a huge hit because the dumplings are tasty and hot! You can't really eat in the shop because it is really small.
How do they make any money?   Seriously, I was shocked when I saw the prices!  If I had ten kids, I'd feed them dumplings every day (jk....maybe).   We got 5 pork and chive dumplings for 2 dollars, 10 veggie dumplings for 2 dollars and a roasted pork sesame pancake for 2 dollars!  Yes, you read that right.  The dumplings are actually quite large with a good amount of filling.  Skip the veggie dumplings, they were quite bland but the pork dumplings were juicy and very flavorful.  The sesame pancake was also quite large with two large slices of roasted pork.   This space is TINYYYYYYY! So hot and sweaty inside and the steady stream of customers is quite overwhelming.  We were packed like sardines waiting for our orders.  They have a few stools along the walls where you can quickly eat your dumplings but if you are claustraphobic you probably want to skip that.   CASH ONLY.
Yes, It is a great price; 5 for $1. They are good dumplings. They are tasty. But... A little on the salty side and the fried ones are a little too greasy. (and a little over cooked). It could be better and my indigestion was probably just from eating too many dumplings.
Ok this place already has nearly 1000 reviews.  Do I really need to add my opinion?  Probably not, but I've got the mad munchies for dumplings right now and can't get them off my mind.  Worst part, living 1000 miles away in Wisconsin, I can't have them!   So, the least i can do for myself is to write a quick review. 5 for $5 says it all.  Not only are they cheap as hell, but they're awfully tasty!  Sure, the place is a complete dump, but that kind of adds to the whole experience.  Can't wait to head back soon!
Chinese "small eats"  from a small hole in the wall with counter seating for eight.   Menu includes tasty dumplings both boiled and fried (potstickers), noodle soups and "pancakes"/flatbread with or without filling. One of the best dumplings in Chinatown, especially if you like them boiled.
10 steamed or fried pork and chives dumplings for $2! Nuff said. But seriously, the Prosperity Dumpling (PD) owners/family are onto something here... Having only lived in NYC for a couple weeks now, I find it sometimes absurd that cheap food, besides a hot dog, is impossible to come by. But this little gem is doing it right. They are working hard putting to put out good food for a low cost. And judging from the line and a conversation with a few patrons, New Yorkers are rewarding this business with business! I will be back.
I lived in China for 3.5 years. These are the best boiled and fried dumplings I have found in Manhattan. Standing room only dudes. You can speak Putonghua with them but you'd be more  if you spoke Fujian dialect as I think that's where they are from. Two American Chinese mothers walked in with their daughters and for some reason said "What... do you think I speak Fuckanese?" Yeah... the Fujian dialect is whack....in a good way.
This place is amazing. It's a tiny hole in the wall with a whole lot of good, super cheap food. Love the dumplings (both fried and boiled). Can't wait go back!
This place is amazing! It's literally a hole in the wall, but all their prices are cheap for such good quality food. If you get the fried dumplings during rush hour, they're freshly prepared in bulk since they know people will order it so you can be in and out in less than a minute. I like to get the 50 pack of frozen dumplings for days that I can't make it out here. Cooking them is idiot proof. Just be careful, because everything is hot enough to burn your tongue when you first bite into it!
tl;dr: Can't be beat for price and novelty, but you can definitely find better dumplings elsewhere in Chinatown. I've now spent (a lot) more time exploring Chinatown, and I have to say that while Prosperity still probably has the cheapest dumplings (and other items) that can be found in Chinatown, you can find a) tastier dumplings and b) seating elsewhere. If you're looking for tastier dumplings and are willing to pay a wee bit more than at Prosperity (where, let's be real, the dumplings might as well be free), try one of the noodlehouses in Chinatown (yes, seriously). The remodeled Prosperity is still way nicer than what it used to be, but there's practically nowhere to sit, and eating dumplings standing up just kinda detracts from the experience. If you're new to the city and want to see what the hubbub is about, come here for lunch or dinner one day. If you've been in NYC for a while, do yourself a favor and explore some of the other offerings in the neighborhood!
Much better than Vanessa's Dumplings with the same great price tag. // FOOD //     + Boiled pork dumplings: The skin was thinner and tastier than Vanessas     + Pan fried dumplings: I am a bigger fan of boiled dumplings than pan fried in general and these were very flavorful, but also very oily
SEASAME PANCAKE WITH PORK! - juicy well marinated meat, with pickled carrots and cilantro, all in a crispy seasame fried dough of goodness - its like a spin on a vietnamese sandwich - it sure tasted a lot like one the pork one is better than the duck one the dumplings are alright...the pork dumplings were better than the veggie dumplings but i wouldnt get the dumplings here despite the name.
CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!!! 5 for $1 is impossible to beat. The dumplings are not the greatest, but I for $1who gives a poop. It's not a destination spot for me, but if I am close by and need a snack I will definitely stop by. Scallion Sesame Pancake is really big for like $1.
It's great for what it is: a place to get five delicious dumplings for a dollar (and maybe a sesame pancake on the side for 75 cents). Nothing else need be said. If this place happens to be packed (or closed) and you don't feel like waiting in line or paying more elsewhere, try these other "5-4-1" spinoffs located nearby: North Dumpling, Fried Dumpling, and "Dumplings." Yes, in that order. Trust me.
This is a really good dumpling house. cheap and amazing
Friggin' awesome super cheap dumpling place...standard pork chive fried dumplings are great - who knows if they are the best, but at 5 for a buck you can't beat it. Place is tiny and really dirty, Chinatown dirty. Clearly no part of the $1 spend is going to maintain the place.  Want to try some of the other super cheap items but haven't worked up the courage yet! Always try to walk out with a bag of 50 frozen for $8...can't believe there is a volume discount... :) This place is great...bring your hand sanitizer and check your etiquette at the door.
This place is the definition of a hole in the wall that's also hard to get to and has pretty much no place to sit. That said the dumplings are better and cheaper than other cheap dumpling places. Sriracha is your friend.
My favorite meal in NYC so far.   Sesame Peking duck pancake and pork chive fried dumplings.   I am stuffed for less than $5.  Don't pass this place up.
If you live in NYC and haven't tried the pork and chive dumplings from here, you should consider jumping off the empire state building. This place, to me, sums up Chinatown for me: cheap, grimy, no-service but delicious. The dumplings pack a good amount of flavor. I think the boiled ones have a slightly thicker skin than the pan fried ones. I have also taken pack of 50 frozen dumplings home once and they came out pretty good.
My 9 year old sister, visiting from South Jersey, and I were craving dumplings when we decided to check out Prosperity Dumpling.  Now I completely understand why Prosperity has a thousand plus reviews and is still quality.   Prosperity is a tiny hole-in-the-wall spot with a few stools squished together for seating.  It's primarily a take-out spot, so when my little sister and I arrived she commented, "I thought this place would be bigger!"  I guess I sounded like a Yelper as I explained to my sister, "Well this is a takeout-quick-eat-lunch=counter type of place. A guy near us, who also could have been a Yelper, smiled. Yes, that's exactly what Prosperity is. Putting that aside, we claimed two stools and squished in to enjoy our hearty fare of a sesame pancake with duck, boiled pork and chive dumplings, fried pork dumplings and sesame noodles.  All of that plus two water bottles came out to $7.50.  Nice.  Our favorites were hands down the boiled dumplings and sesame pancake.  The dumplings were succulent and flavorful with this beautiful chew to them.  Yum!  The sesame pancake would have even been delicious with out the duck.  The texture was perfect.  Just writing this has me salivating. The fried dumplings were good, but the boiled was much better thanks to the texture.  The sesame noodles were quite bland but soy sauce fixed that.  All in all, I will be back and I know when my little sister visits again, she'll want another Prosperity fix as well. I highly recommend this spot as a cheap, tasty eat.
While eating 5 dumplings and a sesame pancake, I asked myself if there was a better way to spend $1.75. I couldn't come up with one.
I've wanted to try Prosperity for a while as it's super close to my apartment, but thus far I've always gone to North Dumpling out of habit. I really like their boiled veggie dumplings, and don't find the place 110% disgusting, so I haven't ventured too far away from North. I gave this place a go because its a few blocks closer to me and it had rave reviews. The food is indeed good, and their veggie sesame pancakes rivals that of Vanessa's (and North doesn't have one) so in terms of taste I was really pleased. What did not please me, however, is that there were literally like 25 teenage/college kids from jersey? Upstate NY? who spent an exceedingly long time telling stories about "the one time they got this kind of dumpling" and considering what a sesame pancake might be. Pretty annoying considering the place is the size of a shoe box and it was raining outside, and I had no place to escape the wait behind them. That wasn't necessarily the fault of the owners, but when I went to pick up and pay for my food after a 15 minute wait, (and I hate to say this...) I got white priced. Undoubtedly. A soda, veggie sesame pancake, and 5 dumplings should be 3.25, and he charged me 4.25. When I called him out on it, he admitted it, and I (for some reason that escapes me) threw the extra dollar down on the counter and walked out. I noticed that somehow the other annoying white kids in the place were racking up bills in the $10+ range, which is pretty impossible in a dumpling shop. Even though the food is good (for dumplings), I was pretty disappointed with my experience.
Very testy and super affordable. They don't deliver but if you're from around it's worth stoping by.
Cheap and fast, but if you're ordering boiled vegetable dumplings, it'll take a little time since it isn't on the frying pan like all the other ones. I'm marking them down one because one of the eight veggie dumplings I received was actually pork! I like the soy bean drink. It's unsweetened, but you can regulate it with the sugar next to the counter. It's pretty much a hole in the wall, so don't bring a party of more than four if you plan to eat indoors.
dumplings are on point, had better but still prices are reasonable and love everything on the men would suggest any one to give a shot
I honestly like Vanessa's Dumpling house better than this place. The pork and chive dumpling here is very similar to Vanessa's. I've never tried the pork and cabbage because I just hate cabbage so unfortunately cannot comment on that. The one thing I really don't like about this place is the boiled shrimp dumplings. Usually when I am ordering this I think I'm getting a big dumpling filled with shrimp and maybe some small slices of bamboo or mushroom. But this one is just filled with cabbage! It doesn't go well and doesn't taste good at all. In fact the cabbage to shrimp ratio is just way off. You taste way too much cabbage per bite compared to the shrimp. I know I hate cabbage but still...you might as well rename it to a cabbage & shrimp dumpling as the shrimp flavor is completely masked by the watery cabbage. Place is still solid for pork and chive though, which is my favorite kind of generic dumpling...hence the 4 stars.
Truth be told, I have an obsession. I love to buy food and watch people eat. I love to bake sweets and present to my friends or whoever wants to accept them. It is my weird OCD. So although I am a vegan, I have no aversion to cooking a piece of chicken for my mom, buy pork buns or dissect a just killed fish for tonight's dinner (not mine, of course). I was on Eldridge Street to check out this synagogue's annual event. On the way, I passed by this hole in the wall gem. It is funny to note that I saw more foreigners than Chinese customers. Guess the blogsphere and dining reviews have really brought in a wide array of global attention. $1 for five dumplings. Really. What more do you want? When it is that cheap, you basically has to disregard the ambiance, the source of the meat and maybe, just maybe, the cleanliness. Luckily, this place is relatively clean, with filled bottles of siracha ready for your own squeeze. Dumplings are already fried up on a big wok, so despite the long line, just you voiced your order, your dumplings are ready in a matter of 5 seconds. 1st second - the guy turns around. 2nd second - take an utensil. 3rd second - craftily scoop up five dumplings. 4th second - 'dump' the dumplings into a Styrofoam container (my only caveat, since I'm an environmentalist, but oh well, it's $1...it's $1...) 5th second - turns back to you and waits for your buck. So yea, the speedy service won't allow you to suffer from your hunger for too long. However, finding space to chow down the goodness would be difficult. But since I bought it for my mom, I did not have to worry about eating out in the cold, as I saw two tourists did, juggling between the container and their can of soda. So the final question is...do the dumplings taste good? Well, the skin might be alittle thick, but I think my mom said they are a-ok. I did see some vegetarian options on the menu (green bean porridge, sesame pancakes...), so I might have to go back and try some for myself. Another question...how can they make money when the food is so cheap? High turnover people and being a family business, you don't have to hire 'extra' labor. Cheers to these wonderful, economical entrepreneurs.
I didn't even order from here.  My buddy did. A couple of friends and I were in Chinatown waiting for our appetites to catch up with us so we could eat at a restaurant in the area we were meaning to try.  So in the meantime, my friend looked up on his Yelp app and saw that Prosperity was not only around the corner, but had raving reviews.  So we decided to give it a try. Man, if their little lobby was any smaller, they might as well have you order from the street.  But that's not a complaint.  I thought it was a great little spot.  He ordered an order of dumplings which, for five, only cost a dollar. We walked across the street to a curb and sat down to snack.  Man oh man they were great.  They were so good we were burning ourselves because we didn't want to wait for them to cool down.  I don't even recall which kind he got.  Plus,  5 for a dollar is a steal. Definitely if you need a snack and are in the area, drop in and order something.  It'll only take a few minutes.
10 pork dumplings for $2!   I mean, really?   How did I not know about this before?  actually, it's a good thing for my waist that I didn't-b/c come on, dumplings are pure comfort food and these are flavorful, tender and YUMMY. The place is a hole in the wall, so don't expect to eat there, since there are barely 3 seats... But I appreciate that the owner/gentleman who boiled me dumplings at 9:50pm (I didn't realized they closed at 10) --AND I would've understood if he would have said no but I'm very glad he didn't!!
As a former loyalist to Tasty Dumpling, I came into this place with a biased assumption that there couldn't possibly be a better dumpling spot in the City.  I WAS WRONG.  For $3.75, I was able to gorge on 10 boiled dumplings and a beef pancake, which left me fully stuffed but without buyer's remorse.   That, in essence, is what makes this place so fantastic.  In a city where you can burn through $15 at lunch with ease, there is no other place which can match Prosperity for pure value and food quality.  For these reasons, I no longer carry the flag of Tasty Dumpling.  Prosperity is the one and only king.
taste amazing! too bad you know you downing a tub of grease and MSG ;)
Yum!! I don't even LIKE dumplings that much, usually (and I'm Chinese, haha), but these were so good! I got the usual five fried pork/chive dumplings order, and shelled up an extra 1.50 for the beef sesame pancake, which was pretty amazing- I have a soft spot for these, and while it wasn't as good as the ones I used to get in Beijing, it was all and all pretty authetic cooking. I think I have to try their pork buns next time, but will have to do my best to stay away or I might eat nothing but meat and fried carbs for the next month that I'm in the city!
OMG! This place is the dumpling TRUTH!  Delish.  I had the pork and chive dumplings and the sesame pancake.  This is a great place for fast cheap eats. Yum!  The one thing is that I wish we could have found a park or something so that we could eat. But it's a great deal
Hands down the best dumplings I've ever had. This place has like three stools inside and is completely designed for take-away or sitting in the park near by, but it is SO worth the visit. The most amazing part is how incredibly cheap it is! 10 dumplings for $2.00, a sweet bargain with taste satisfaction. The boiled definitely topped the fried and everything we ordered was top-notch. Right amid the hustle of Chinatown, grab some stuff to go and sit in one of the nearby benches to watch the people, such a nice experience on a warm evening in NYC!
They up their price and edited down their menu but who cares... I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE. You want to know what else I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE here? Their WONTON SOUP...it's sooooooooooooooooooooooo freaking good and I am obsessed with the roasted shallot aroma of the soup. I hate Cantonese style Wonton soup - you know the one that's covered in the yucky yellow colour wrapper.   BLEH! I wish it was a lot closer to me because seriously I would holler at this place everyday at work. LOVES...!!!!
Don't expect cleanliness in the dining area, a premium location or service with a smile. It's a hole-in-the-wall. Duh. Ok now onto the undeniable facts about this place. The pork fried dumplings ar 5/$1 and taste like heaven. Literally give the man at the counter $1, and he hands you dumplings. The Sesame pancake with peking duck is killer as well. They're fresh and the bread is super soft. Think fried pizza dough. And they peak out at a whopping $1.75. Do it. If you're stumped at where to grab a quick bite, hop on the subway and hit this place up. You won't regret it.
Yummy. Everything is soooo inexpensive it is unbelievable.  For individual orders, almost everything is less than 2 dollars. The dumplings are good for the price. We also ordered the sesame panckake with beef, that sesame pancake is delicious. You can get the pancake on it's own which I should have done. They also have fresh soy milk unsweetened. This was very different from the canned kind, I didn't love it but I didn't hate it either.          As we sat and ate in the small entryway, tons of kids from across the street got out of school, and all you can hear is " hot and sour soup, won ton soup, fried dumplings" being ordered over and over. Then the talk turned to who could beat pokemon...to cute. Wish we had a spot like this in sj...even if the counter person looks confused while you tell him your order.
There is nothing more I can say about this place If you're looking for a nice simple looking joint with authentic chinese food for dirt cheap prices, GOOOOO HEREE!!! You can honestly get filled up for less tan $5. You can't go wrong with the pork fried dumplings Smallest issue is that there's really no space to sit So your comfort level isn't going to be as high Enjoy
By far the best value dumpling place in Manhattan. Go for the fried.
Walked in on a weekday night at about 6:30 PM, and there were about 3 other people awaiting their order, and one sitting at the counter eating...Which made it a bit crowded.  Yes, it's a tiny little place.  Asked for a bowl of hot and sour soup and ten boiled pork and chive dumplings, and told them it was "for here". I handed the man 3 dollars. The man poured my soup into a plastic container and handed it to me.  I turned to the right and plopped down on the stool not four inches from my feet.  Yes, it's a tiny little place.  The soup was better than most hot and sour soups I've had, but not as good as some.  Coulda been a little hotter, both in temperature and spice.  But that could have been remedied easily-enough with a quick zap in the microwave and a couple of shakes of chili oil, I suppose.  It definitely had decent tang, which so few really do. The lady fished out ten dumplings from the big pot of boiling water, put them on a styrofoam plate, turned to her left, and handed me my dinner through the doorway.  I met her arm halfway from my perch on the stool.  Yes, it's a tiny little place. I grabbed the bottle of soy sauce to my right, spashed a puddle onto and around a few of the dumplings, and stuck a fork in one...No chopsticks at the table, though I'm sure they had them if I had asked for them.  Raised it to my lips and parted them.  Chewed and swallowed.  Slurped more soup.  Somewhat-randomly repeated this pattern for the next 10 minutes or so.   The simplicity, the informality, the price, and most of all, the FLAVORS of this meal were exactly on par with any number of hole-in-the-wall restaurants I've eaten at in China, both in the north and the south.  Right down to the fact that I was still tasting those effing dumplings and their vague dusting of five spice powder for HOURS afterwards.  Hint:  This condition readily responds to introduction of moderate (or more substantial, if desired) amounts of Hennessey cognac. I don't live in New York.  I was just visiting.  I live in Los Angeles, and so I'm thankfully blessed with a never-ending supply of excellent hole-in-the-wall eats.  But if this place was in MY town, I'd be there  once every couple of weeks easily.
If they only sold the pork & chives fried dumplings this place would still garner 5 Stars!  Then, add a pile of steamed dumplings and perhaps a sesame pancake and your in heaven! The place is tiny, tiny, tiny... So don't expect a place to sit and eat.  But, the dumplings are easy enough to eat while your walking along checking out the sights in China town! So, order a dozen, add a shot of vinegar and soy sauce, plus a little hot sauce and your all set to fill your belly! Plus, your only out the change in your pocket.  This place is a BARGAIN!
1 dollar you can have 4 deep fried dumplings which is so happy. We walked there very late and luckily we bought the last 20 dumpings and then the store closed
Full disclosure. I don't like Chinese food. Too salty, too greasy, just not my thing. But I had a near religious experience having these prosperity dumplings. Once you had these dumplings, you will pay the 12 dollars to go through the lincoln tunnel to get the best dumplings hands down I or you will ever have. It will awaken the senses and give you the umami sensation that is the holy grail of culinary travels.
Boiled vegetable dumplings were disappointingly bland. Massive amounts of sriracha were needed. I'm a bit biased because I'm not a huge fan of pan-fried dumplings, but my friends enjoyed the pork ones! The sheng jian bao also looked oily, but delicious. Will return to try more.
I'm really torn between giving this place 2 stars for flavor and 4 stars for a great deal so I guess an average of 3 stars is good. Five fried dumplings for one dollar!  Awesome deal, okay dumplings.  They didn't cook them fresh when we ordered them - the lady just scooped out six pre-cooked dumplings (yay we got an extra) from a huge wok.  They were slightly fried on one side and watery on all the other sides.  I usually like my fried dumplings to be fried crispy on all sides.  The meat had good flavor however it was hard to get the casing and meat together in one bite because the casing would keep slipping off.  Definitely not the best dumplings I've ever tasted but it's not bad and for only a dollar, it definitely fills you up.  They also have lots of other items that range from 75 cents for egg drop soup to 3 dollars for beef noodle soup.  If you are broke, this is the place to go!   The eat-in area consisted of 4 bar stools and a tiny counter.  We had to eat there because we weren't from the area but was not at all comfortable with how dirty the place was!  I reached for a fork in one of those plastic containers they leave out on the counter but thank god my bf stopped me before I could because it was absolutely filthy.  DO NOT USE THE PLASTIC FORKS.  Instead, ask for a pair of prepackaged chopsticks which they keep in the kitchen wrapped up. Definitely not worth going out of your way but if I'm in the neighborhood next time, I might check out the boiled dumplings instead (my friend says they are better than the fried dumplings).
The best. So cheap, fast, and delicious. 5 dumplings for $1! I am literally the thousandth person to say this and I don't even care! I often end up going all the way across town for these dumplings. There are maybe 5 seats, if you hover like a weirdo you can snag one if you'd prefer to eat in-house.
A little gem in NY Chinatown. Cheap and hearty Chinese breakfast food - dumplings, scallion pancakes, fresh hot soy milk. Absolutely delicious! SF Chinatown needs a Prosperity Dumpling!
After my husband and I read the reviews on Yelp for Prosperity, we headed down to try it out that night! We were so, so pleased with the decision! The fried dumplings are our favorite, and when the sesame pancakes are fresh from the grill...holy cow. When we are craving chinese, this is where we go now, and we live on the UWS. It is WORTH the subway ride :) It is super tiny, but we have been able to eat inside both times we've gone now.
GO HERE DAMMIT The prices will make you weep with joy when you open your oily fragrant boxes of food...or maybe it's the other way around, and the food induces your thank-the-lord tears as you fork over 4 whole dollars for a meal and a half. The meat and bean sauce noodles (zha jiang mien) is AMAZING. You don't think the amount of sauce in there is enough to flavor the 2 1/4 cups worth of noodles, but you're wrong. And the flavor is so satisfyingly savory. Don't you dare put soy sauce in there. The fried dumplings are really oily, but I mean, the pork is still very juicy and the amount of filling in a dumpling is generous, and there aren't heaps of chives in there to act as cost-cutting filling. They give you four large (2"-3" long) dumplings for a $1. Like, yo. Spot-on once you wring some of the oil out. Would've gotten the steamed pork-and-chive dumplings but that extra $1 or so was just really intimidating. Would have been worth it five times over, though. Not located right in the vendor-y, cutesy, touristy part of Chinatown; ergo, go. Oh, but it's very worth noting that the storefront is about 6' wide, and unless you're by yourself, don't bother entertaining the idea of sitting anywhere, partly because there's pretty much nowhere to do so.
What is wrong with people and this high review?!... I went there today thinking it will be nice and I almost threw up after I ate the dumplings here. No quality, no look, it is hard, big, and the color of the meat looks abnormal. It is way too oily and not tasty at all. Certainly not authentic. Unless all the yelpers never had dumplings before?!... Any other places in NYC would have at least normal dumplings.
I would give this place 5 stars just for being the OG of Dumplings.. I have eaten these guys for a long time.. And in a different point in my life, I would give these bad boys another 5 stars.. But, I am not at the point in my life where being stuck in a 10x10 box eating 5 dumplings for a buck is a good time.. Especially when Vanessas Dumpling house is 4 blocks away.. High school kids should go here.. The stoned should go here.. People who have never been here, should go here.. Fun place.. Good food.. A little too greasy for me these days..
Worth the $2.50 I paid to hop on a bus from East Village to China Town. The bus ride cost more than the dumplings! 4 Pork and chive dumplings for $1!!! How can you beat that price? They are the size of potstickers...you could definitely fill up on 2-3 orders. They even cater - 50 dumplings for $9!!! So good....so cheap....you really can't and shouldn't complain. This place is small and there is very limited seating...I'd say it seats 4-6 people max. Don't recommend the shrimp and cabbage dumpling -- it was bland. Stick to the pork and chive dumplings and you will leave a happy customer.
Yes, all been said before... SO GOOD. SO CHEAP!! Right after the two of us ate lunch for about $5 total with some leftovers, I ordered a huge frozen bag of 50 for $8! Well, I tried but they ran out so they gave me whatever they had left, maybe about 30 for $4. My favs were the sesame pancake and the pork and chive dumplings. I spoke mandarin to them but I think I heard them speaking cantonese and they definitely speak english. I wish I lived in NY so I could come here and eat every day. I mean, I'm not saying I would move to NY for these dumplings but if I did move to NY, I would move as close as I could to prosperity. and the rest of chinatown.
Amazing! The pork and chive dumplings are DELICIOUS!  Now I don't have to make a special trip to Flushing just to get my dumpling fix! I can't wait to try their other stuff :-)
This place is basically a closet that holds about ten people reallyclosetogether while you're all trying your best to wait patiently for insanely cheap and good dumplings. We got there during some kind of magical lull where there were only two old men standing inside slurping soup and were not prepared when two minutes after we ordered business picked back up and it became ridiculously crowded. At $2 for 10 fried dumplings I pretty much can't make them myself for so cheap and certainly not nearly as delicious. The soup dumplings weren't what I expected but were still really, really good!
Cheapest meal in the city.  Standing room only.  Great potstickers, great sesame pancakes.
Cheap, fast and delicious!!! What else?? Maybe the garbage outside that smell so bad...
I'm giving it 3 stars for being cheap as food sold on the side of the road of a developing country, but I thought it was all a little too oily. (I will not give in to peer pressure!! But I'll try it again when I'm hungry and super broke, that probably enhances the flavor).
a buck...a buck...can give you 4 dumplings. May I say they are very delicious fried dumplings. The place was decent , no frills, quick and tasty. If you happened to in LES , try this place .
This is my go-to place to getting frozen dumplings so that I can make them at home. I almost always get the pork and chive dumplings and the veggie dumplings. Their sesame pancake is really good as well. When I have large groups of people to feed, this is where I go. Its cheap, relatively easy finger food and everyone loves dumplings! I also like Vanessa's up the street as well but this hole in the wall is slightly cheaper.
Never had anything that was so cheap, yet sooo good in my life. The dumplings here are soooo cheap and soooooo delicious.  Let's see, we ordered soy bean drink, some soda, and about eight orders of dumplings (which had about 6-8 dumplings per order) and we paid about $15.  If you find a deal better than that, come pinch me.
Found this place on yelp and decided to go cause of the rave reviews. It's phenomenal and the prices are Amazing. The fried pork dumpling and the pork pancake were awesome. Can't wait to go back.
10 fried dumplings for 2 bucks?!?! wow...... what a freaking steal... these may not be the best dumplings I've ever had.. but they are definitley the best deal i've ever had on dumplings... thyere tasty and hit the spot when you're looking for something quick and easy
Yuuuumyyyyy!!! I'm just glad I don't live too close, otherwise I'd be eating there just about every day!
Personally, I like the dumplings at Lam Zhou better because I'm a fan of dumplings with thinner skin. But shoot, you can't beat 4 dumplings for $1.  The sesame pancakes are delicious as well, just don't look at the pan of oil they get deep fried in. -1 because it's pretty dirty, even though I think it's rated an A!  Last time we were there, the owner was smoking a cigarette and coughing behind the counter where he serves the food which made the food less appetizing... so if you are a germaphobe, you definitely want to avoid this place, and maybe all of Chinatown for that matter.  Also, he serves food and handles the money with his bare hands.  Sometimes he can be almost pleasant, but most of the time he seems annoyed. Like most places in Chinatown, CASH ONLY!  Seating is very, very limited (~7 seats around a counter spaces).
I was super excited to try these dumplings, given the high 4.5 rating on Yelp, but these were just average pan fried dumplings. It's your typical hole in the wall place with limited seating. I had better around the chinatown area. Not saying it was a bad meal. I only paid $3 for 2 orders of fried dumplings and a pint of soy milk. Definitely a bang for your bucks.
The cheapest food I've ever eaten. (In this country) 5 fried dumplings, 1 sesame pancake, bottle of water $2.50. Another example how New York can be the cheapest place to eat out of any big city anywhere.
i just got back from Hong Kong. This place would be OK there. but HERE, it's the shiznit-best-in-show, full-on 5-stars. the dumplings are flavorful with not-too-thick dumpling skin. one side is perfectly crisped, while the top is moist and chewy. the plump ball of meat is flavorful, spotted with chives, and dripping a salty juice. the sesame pancake. a little too dry for me but good. i would have said it was great, but in Hong Kong.... it's like another world. at $1 for 5 dumplings, this place is best-in-show. (the soybean milk is Hong Kong quality - but you can't really go wrong with it)
$1 for fried pork/chive dumplings $2 for boiled pork/chive dumplings $3 for beef noodle/dumpling/wonton soup. Easy as 1-2-3!
Searched yelp for cheap lunch option and found Propsperity.  This place was the epitome of cheap.  For $8.75 (total), my friend and I ate sesame pancakes (one veggie and one with duck) and enough dumplings (pork and chive and veggie dumpling soup) to keep us full for hours.  It's a little hole in the wall (literally), but definitely worth the experience.  There was a steady stream of customers, so it is clearly a local hot spot. This place was quick and easy and I will definitely be back next time I'm in Chinatown!
Cheap eatery!
I went to prosperity with a couple of my friends on a Wednesday night and fell for it when I saw the upside down neon sign in the window. I had the boiled vegetable dumplings ($2) and sesame pancake with vegetables ($1.25) and left completely sated. Add the cheap food to the happy hour drinks and free show we went to on Ludlow, and you have a great night for under $10. If Prosperity had more seating/space and more non-meat options, I'd be there every time I do the LES happy hour thing.
Ridiculously good and cheap!
Cheap, taste really good! The dumpling is not like any other dumpling in NYC, it fried better than any other. Good one!
Place is dirty, but the dumplings are still the best. Cheap and quick. $1 for 5 still beats any other place that charges $1 for 4 or $1.25 for 5.
I once bought dumplings from Prosperity on a date. He thought I was the coolest chick ev-ar...for like a month. I love their dumplings. Almost as much I love tacos, and that's ALOT ALOT. Dumplings, pork buns and sesame pancakes are THE BEST! Stay away from the Hot n Sour soup. It's just a greasy bowl of broth. And soy and hot sauce to everything. And your tastebuds and wallet will mutually be in bliss. I promise. Random note: I feel like their open later during the summertime then they are in the winter. I think...
I LOVE DUMPLINGS... LOVE LOVE DUMPLINGS.  and you know what?  These dumplings here are freakin awesome!!!  Usually I prefer my dumplings boiled or steamed (they do have the boiled ones here) but this spot has some really delish fried dumplings too.  These come second to none... maybe not even my mom home-made dumplings (sorry mama) and even better they're only $1!!!  Can you believe that ONE freakin dollar.  You know these yummy bites of deliciousness are made my these people too because u can see their whole operation.  LOVE IT HERE! I've had both the fried dumplings and boiled dumplings loved both and their beef sesame pancake is pretty good too.
Dumplings are consistent and the atmosphere matches the food perfectly. The only decision you'll have to make is fried vs boiled.
Simply amazing!!! Came to this place because of the Yelp reviews. Ordered the Hot & Sour soup ($1.25) and 10 Dumplings ($2.00) and had leftovers!! Not much room to eat in but the place is awesome!!
This was the first time I visited New York.  I searched online for a restaurant that me and my girlfriend would go.  I found this place has many ratings and good ratings. We went, and to our surprise, this place is so small.  The entire restaurant could probably only fit 8 people standing.  There are only 3-4 seats at the place.  It is good for take-out, but not very good for eating in.  However, I do have to admit that the food is really good and the price is extremely cheap and reasonable. Give it a try if you want to have a quick lunch and late night snack.
No doubt Prosperity over Vanessa's. Best 1$ you can spend. Don't keep the box closed for long if you're taking it to go. Best to eat the dumplings right away or they'll get soggy. Not for the faint of heart and snooty fine diners. Cause this is a real hole in the wall.
I have NEVER, EVER, EVERR had cheaper/better dumplings in my entire life. EVEN WHEN I LIVED IN CHINA!! $1 for 5 dumplings, $4 for a HUGE serving of noodle soup, $1.50 for chive wraps, + MOREE The food was also delicious!! I swear we had like 102340 dumplings and 30493 fried dumplings and 23478 servings of soups for $16. This was for 4 people, and we had enough left overs for lunch the second day. Customer service of course sucked, but who cares. You're paying $2 for dinner. A little farther since this place is in China town, but def worth trying!!!
Cheap and delicious! Yes it is possible to find some cheap and delicious eats in NYC, where everything is quite expensive. My friends and I were venturing around the city and I noticed this place was still open and remembered the great reviews that this place had so we decided to stop by and share some dumplings and snacks. We got: -Chives and pork fried dumplings -Sesame pancake -Sesame pancake with duck EVERYTHING was super yummy and fresh. The dumplings are made fresh and made to order. This place is a super good hole in the wall place. You can easily get full here with very little money spent.
Everyone was right when they said it was small and a hole in the wall! I got the steamed veggie dumplings (8 of them I think?) and one sesame scallion pancake and it came out to be $3.50 ... ummm what?! I thought they were good but I don't think I'll be running back anytime soon. I would absolutely run back for that sesame scallion pancake though, in a heart beat. It's worth scoping out, I can only image how hot that place is going to be come mid summer, yikes. Scope it out if you're looking for a cheap eat.
I have a friend in town from TX so we decided to go give it a try. I tried once before but the line was long and there was nowhere to sit (it's literally a hole in the wall) but this time we were in luck! We ordered pork and chive fried dumplings, pork buns and sesame pancakes. Everything was to die for. I could eat a million sesame pancakes. They are delicious!! CASH ONLY.
It lives up to the hype, no question.  Worth the wait and aggravation; we actually got a seat!  Other reviewers are not exaggerating, this place is tiny.  Dumplings were incredible, best I ever had no question about it.  Went for two boiled varieties, pork and chive and pork and cabbage.  It is amazing how something so simple can be so delicious and complex at the same time.  And guess what?  16 yummy dumplings for under 5$  Unbelievable!  Little advice though: first of all, let the dumplings cool before you stuff them in your face.  Secondly, if they are boiled, drain them a little as they sell them so fast they come right out of the.....cauldron and into your container.  This place is a gem, I am glad I do not live close or I would be the size of a small house in no time.
Like these guys need another review saying how outstanding and ridiculously cheap the food that  is produced by this closet-sized restaurant is. It's one of those places where the first thing you ever ordered is so amazing you never get around to the rest of what they have. So it's pork and chive fried dumplings and sesame pancake with duck for me for the outlandish price of $3.75. And that's more food than I can really handle in one sitting (or one standing at the little park at Hester and Eldridge). The dumplings are insanely good at any price, let alone 20 cents apiece.
After trying this place a few more times, I realized this was just an ok place. Yes it's cheap but also not very clean; the meat also tastes a little weird if you eat it slowly. Also a friend of mine got sick from here.
I think this is more of a 4.5, I liked them a lot. This place was really great and does live up to the hype.  The chive-pork potstickers are really quite nice (though I prefer a bit more crunch, and thinner skins), and the cabbage boiled dumplings are pretty good too.  The sesame pancakes are very soft, flavorful, and also have a good crunch.  They also have roast pork and roast duck-stuffed sesame pancakes, and I would love to try that.  They look really good.   This place really is a hole-in-the-wall though, so hopefully you can find somewhere else to sit (there's a small park nearby).  And it's always crowded.  But the service was pretty good.  Don't think they don't understand you.  They know what you want.   It's all really good, and seriously it's so cheap that it's a crime.  Tip them! It's so cheap!!  Also, I think it's cash only, but I'm not 100% sure.  Just a heads up. Edit; Just had the sesame pancake stuffed with duck.  It was pretty good, and not much more expensive.  Roast pork is next time. Also, 50 dumplings for $10 is a crime.
I made my way to Chinatown to this much talked about spot to try a few dumplings. Upon arriving at the little small restaurant I noticed it had a decent line. To me that was a good first sign. Next, I must check inspection report grade. Yep, it was an A. Okay, now from outside lets see what's on the menu. Okay....dumplings. Four for a dollar! Wow! Let me check the grade again. Yep, it still says A. Okay let me try your number 6. I gave the cashier my $1 and he quickly handed over my dumplings. I then sat down at one of the eight stools that sit on both sides of the small space, four on both sides. By the time I sat down the line behind me was now hanging out the door. This was another good sign. Now it was time to eat. I try to refrain from consuming gluten, at least lots of it. I split the dumplings and began to eat. They were flavorful, not appealing to the eye, but still flavorful. Because they weren't meant to be eaten this way it was my own fault. I continued and then was on my way.
Ok, so I endlessly read all of your reviews for both Prosperity and Dumpling House, and on a random whim, I dragged my friends around Eldridge St. to queue up and buy dumplings and sesame pancakes at BOTH of these places, and while standing on the sidewalk, we did a head to head taste test.   (drum roll) We went to Dumpling House and were like, clearly, these look like the winners - they were plumper and sexier looking, the dough looked thicker and more hand made and the Prosperity dumplings looked sort of like the potstickers you can buy at Trader Joe's.  And Dumpling House is geared for gringos -- they have a take a number system, significantly spiffier settings with recent renovations, local and tourist hipsters searching for gastronomic authenticity in a more 'gritty' part of town.  You would think to yourself that wow, this is the newly discovered chowhound destination in this exotic part of town, and I too must experience this authentic cuisine.  The decor at Prosperity measures up in aesthetics somewhat analogous to the dumplings.  Prosperity is not glossy or filled with as many gastrotourists.  It's basically a dive. But wow, were appearances deceiving.  I was vindicated in my preference for dives as better food places, because the ratio of the thinner (but beautifully crimped) dough on the Prosperity dumpling to the much more savory pork/chive filling is, well, awesomer.  They taste the way you imagine dumplings should taste when your stomach rumbles for them because you are longing for dumplings.  After one bite, we unanimously decided amongst the three of us that Prosperity blew DH out of the water. The sesame pancakes weren't really apples to apples since we got duck at DH and beef at Prosperity.  But DH should have had the edge since they had a more flavorful meat to work with.  Again, the DH version was fluffy and bigger (and more expensive) and looked like the sure winner, and in reality, the Prosperity version was miles better.  Meat, delicious pickled veggies, bread ratio was perfect on the Prosperity sandwich.  Again, a unanimous decision. Having finally sorted the best ramen and best dumpling question out, I'm on to the soup dumpling debate.  Enjoy!
OMG the dumplings here are SO GOOD. And crazy cheap. Tried the pork and chive dumplings, both fried and unfried. Both were great, but the fried were just perfect. I don't think I've ever had a pork dumpling that was quite this good. In fact the friend who took me there didn't know that in general, I'm not huge on pork dumplings because I don't usually care for the texture. So glad he encouraged me to try them though because it was totally worth it. And I even ended up buying a bag of 50 frozen fried pork and chive dumplings to take home... for $8!!!!! The only drawback is that with meat products that come this cheap (5 dumplings for $1), I don't want to think about or know where they get their meat, or what the pork is "actually" made of, lol. They just taste so good!
True to what everyone has said! Not only is it cheap/affordable for NY tourists to save some money but it's AMAZING! Place is small and PACKED but it's worth a little squeeze! Loved the sesame pancake too! Thank YOU YELP and REVIEWERS for all your help! My NYC wouldn't have been the same without you! What I LOVE is all the "local" spots not just the "advertised famous spots to go to".
Great when I feel like eating take out. Even better when I'm broke and still want something delicious.  Might actually like this one better than the one in sunset park
I give this place a 3.5 I usually go to Vanessa's but saw this place had good reviews so I decided to check it out. I ordered the fried dumplings and a sesame pancake with beef. The dumplings were good but I wish they were crispier. Maybe because I didn't eat them on the spot they weren't as crispy? I think I still prefer Vanessa's. The pancake was good and had a lot of good flavor. It's basically a hole in the wall so there isn't much seating if you expect to eat in there. It gets pretty crowded with people waiting in line so it's best to take it to go.
How can you get any better than a warm spring day and a paper plate of Prosperity Dumplings?  $2 for five (count them, five) juicy, searing hot pork and chive dumplings and a sesame pancake loaded with fresh vegetables.  You really can't go wrong here.  Of course, you cannot rate this place for atmosphere.  There is literally only enough room in this place to form a single file line.  But please, endure the line and the sriracha-encrusted countertop and try these dumplings!
If you're looking for a true hole in the wall spot, you've found it here! There is absolutely nothing fancy about Prosperity Dumpling and, if anything, I'm surprised it doesn't turn more people off than usual. I highly recommend ordering your dumplings to go because the space inside is very small and cramped. There's a small ledge to eat at to the left of the entrance with a few stools, but after ordering, I didn't want to spend a second more in here. The guy who takes the orders was wiping his nose on his sleeve, which was a major turnoff. In addition, when I looked behind him it looked more like a seamstress factory with the women in the back hand-making the dumplings. I really don't understand why Prosperity is considered one of the best, if not the best, dumpling restaurant in NYC. Almost every item that dumpling lovers desire can be found elsewhere (for example, Vanessa's). Anyhow, in my 1 visit, I did order the Chives And Pork Fried Dumplings (4 for $1) and Cabbage and Pork Boiled Dumplings (10 for $2.75). I do give credit where credit is due and the dumplings were very good. Also, the soup dumplings sold here are NOT actually found everywhere, but most people don't order that elsewhere. Other than that difference, everything else on the menu is quite common at other dumpling outposts in Chinatown. Quite honestly, I feel there isn't much that separates Prosperity from the rest of the competition, in terms of food quality. There must be something else in these dumplings I'm not aware, and if so, I need to know!
Wow! I went on a dark, wet night, and when I walked in the place was empty and a bit eerie...I could have been put off by the environment, but I got exactly what I wanted! A man behind the counter gave me the perfect gift for my son for a fair price, but on three conditions: I couldn't keep it in bright light, I couldn't get it wet, and I couldn't feed it after midnight. Haha that was a nuts Christmas omg! The dumplings are fantastic.
How many days in a row can I eat dumplings? So far 3, and I'm saving a ton of lunch money! BTW, if you are getting it to go, ask for the soy sauce to go. Pork & Chive dumplings = protein, veggies, grains. 3 out of 5 basic food groups covered. Just need to get fruit and dairy.
Note: This place is a walk-up TAKE-OUT joint...   Where else can you spend $11 to feed a family of four - including drinks??? It felt like I was ripping these people off, so I kind of slunk out of there feeling ashamed with our two full bags full of dumplings and Snapples. The slightly crazy lady who ordered just before us pointed us in the direction of a new park (complete with tables) right around the corner. (Hint: Don't forget the sauce, spoons for soup, and napkins like we did...although the dumplings were so good they were just fine "dry".) We got both the fried and steamed pork dumplings..delicious. The sesame pancake was like nothing I've ever eaten before...love that. (I am curious how the ones with meat tasted as we just got the plain one.) This place serves dumplings (and a few other items)...and they do them right. There always has to be the idiot who doesn't grasp the obvious...she was there when we were...asking where in the heck were the BBQ chicken wings. Sigh. Obviously NOT a Yelper...
CHEAPEST DUMPS EVER. oh em geee, COME HERE FOR THE DUMPLINGS. we got the sesame pancake with pork as well, wince it seemed to be a yelp favorite, but it was just whatever. CHEAP, but tastewise, I'd rather save my calories for something else.. like the dumplings! FIVE DUMPS for JUST A BUCK! The skin had just the right amount of crispiness and chew and the filling had the right amount of savory pork and sweet green onion. Quite possibly the best quality/cost ratio for dumplings I've EVER encountered!
Cant go wrong for 5 dumplings for a dollar....and they are AMAZING. Come here often and always look forward to coming back. VERY tiny place though!
Awesome fried dumplings & sesame pancake!!  Very tiny place and gets packed quickly. Be prepared to take your food to go.
This place is so delicious and so affordable. For just a few dollars you can get stuffed on dumplings. One warning though, the place is as big as a closet and there isn't anywhere to sit. But there are plenty of parks in the neighborhood to eat your delicacies at!
They have one of the best crispy, juicy Chinese dumplings but no one can beat the Tibetan/ Nepali dumplings  of Jackson heights...
I was in the area looking for pork belly buns, and the place I wanted to go to was closed. Needed something quick to snack on and found this place through Yelp. It was packed with people getting take out dumplings. We got the dumplings and pork buns. The pork buns were okay but the dumplings were great, especially with some hot sauce.
Just go here and ENJOY!! $1 dumplings, seasame pancakes and wonton soup are the best
If you love dumplings like I do then this is the place to go.  It's literally a hole in the wall in Chinatown.  If you're walking on this street, keep your eyes open the whole time because you'll miss this place at a blink of an eye. It's that small.  Also, this place is not a sit down restaurant.  It's a "pick your dumplings up and go" type of place.   The pork fried dumplings with chives were very tasty, good flavor, and perfectly fried to give the skin just a little crisp, but still a little chewy.  The pork buns were very good too.  We will definitely go out of our way to eat at Prosperity the next time we're in NY.  You can't beat the taste and price.
Thin, juicy, frugal, and heavy. None of it really makes sense, but this is a place that someone operates on selling dumplings at 5 for a $1. Do I want to know what's in them? Do I want to know how Prosperity stays open with basement prices but solid food? Probably not. I do know that this is a memorable Chinese food experience. I hand the guy $4 for a white box of dumplings and three sesame pancakes the size of catcher's mitts. I dig into a bag on the floor for the packets of hot sauce. In and out, and I'm eating on the basketball court pavement across the street in 5 minutes. The dumplings are thin to the point of bursting in a fountain of chives, and the drier and nutty sesame pancake is a perfect complement to the greasy and sharp-tasting fried dumplings. This place is about as seedy as the sesame pancakes, but it makes it all the better.
Fried pork dumplings, $2 for 10 and a pork sesame pancake for $1.75! Hubby got the dumplings, I had a few bites in between his moaning about them - apparently this was the snack spot back in his high school days. I had the pancake and shared some with the mister to be polite. We arrived before the lunch rush so we got to see everyone in the back making the dumplings and that was pretty neat. Let's be honest here: if you get anything fried - you're going to need a napkin or two, but don't be afraid of it!
Fast, good, and cheap. that's all this place rings as everyone has pointed out. Surely more people seem to enjoy this more than Vanessa's but one thing to keep in mind is that this place uses premade dumpling skins (nothing wrong with that) but just clarifying the different tastes. However when I do want fried dumplings, this is where I always go
I dream of this place. I have such fond memories of getting off the Fung Wah bus and stopping here before heading off to a concert or a friend's apartment. The fried pork dumplings are amazing, and my usual order -  exactly the right amount of chewy and crispy, and the pork filling is rich and meaty. Absolutely the freshest food you can get for a dollar. The sesame pancakes are fantastic as well, real comfort food. Take your dumplings over to the nearby park and eat while you watch people play handball for some inexpensive entertainment.
Excellent pork dumplings. MMMMM MMMMM good. Thinking about getting some tomorrow along with a container of the wonton soup. 4 pork dumplings for a dollar!   It's crowded as hell, but it' worth it.
This place lived up to the hype. It looks like a hole in the wall, but the dumplings were amazing and the sesame pancake with veggies was fantastic.
Came here for dinner on a hot summer night with my friend James, and this was the perfect place to fill you up with good, wholesome dumplings.  I ordered the potstickers (chive&pork friend dumplings) and the pork&veggie soup dumplings.  It was really hot that evening, so eating the soup dumplings was a bad idea because I had to deal with using chopsticks and a spoon to eat my dumplings, the hot weather, AND the steam from the soup.  But I managed. Dumplings rank pretty high as comfort food in Chinese culture (that and congee), so these dumplings really hit the spot.  Plus they're cheap (no tax!) AND tasty!  My total came out to be $3, which is awesome.  Perfect for any student's budget.   I love cheap eats and I love this place!
Hole-in-the-walls FTW. 20 fried pork and chive dumplings, plus one sesame pancake with egg, all for $5.75. Do I really need to say more?! The pork and chive filling was downright delicious and the edges of the dumplings all had a nice crisp to them. One order comes with five fried dumplings and only costs $1. The sesame pancake was filled with flavor, but it could've been served a little warmer (they were probably rushing because we arrived a few minutes before closing time). The pancake is dry on its own, but it's nothing that some soy sauce can't fix. The sesame pancake itself is so good (you just can't go wrong with sesame + carbs), and for $1.75, it's a steal for what's essentially a small sandwich. If I worked near here, I'd probably come to Prosperity for lunch at least twice a week. Perfect place for a cheap, quick, filling, and delicious snack if you're in the area. Don't expect to be able to sit in and eat; there's only about six stools. Cash only.
I bookmarked this place on Yelp last year, and I finally got to go yesterday. As you can read from the other reviews, this place is tiny. Never the less, they have six to seven people working. One taking orders, one cooking the dumplings and the rest of them making the dumplings in the rear end of the kitchen. Quite the assembly line. Yes, 5 dumplings for a dollar. Now thats a deal! And surprisingly these dumplings taste pretty good.. well a lot better than some places that charge $6 to $7 for them. So yeah, if you are in the neighborhood, stop by and  get some dumplings.
the last few times when I dropped by and picked up some dumplings...ehh...the quality went down. I originally loved this place for their non-diluted sauces but now it's just eck! avoid! dumplings are super greasy and didn't seem fresh. I used to go like once a week and now I haven't been going for awhile! I wish they would make better dumplings even if they do raise the prices by a bit...ohh i miss the good old prosperity dumplings!
O my fellow Yelpers, you have done it again -- this place is a delicious find and is there anyway we can keep it a secret?  The beef sesame pancake sandwich is divine.  Don't waste your time on the dumplings - just get another sandwich!
There is no cheaper way to feed yourself than Prosperity Dumpling.
I don't understand why the reviews for this place are so good. I would definitely not come back. It's in the dingiest part of Chinatown and the service here is horrible (though I wasn't expecting anything great so I didn't really let that affect my review). They cook things in bulk so it's likely that whatever you order has been sitting there in the kitchen for a while before they distribute it to you... and after seeing the kitchen... bleh. It was not worth the walk to get here. The sesame pancake that so many people are raving about was greasy as hell and was basically just a sandwich within a chewy, sesame pancake. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't great... and definitely not worth the amount of stars that this place has. The dumplings were alright, it just seemed like they had been sitting out for a while.................... The hot sour soup was alright, but again, when I ordered it, the guy just handed me one of the already packaged ones he had on the side. Don't go here. This is one of the few times that Yelp has mislead me. I are disappoint. I will give them credit for the prices though. All my food ended up being $5. WAY cheaper than anything I've had in NY thusfar.
OMFG!!! My wife and myself go just about weekly.  I can pound quite a few of these amazing dumplings, and we can never break the $10 mark, even with two or three waters in there. Super cheap, Super good food. I'm a regular, and everyone else should be too.  Addictive! Can I give 10 stars?  I would....
Cheap, good eats!! $1 for 5 fried or steamed dumplings.  Go with the fried! I get the 50 frozen dumplings for $9 and cook 'em up at home.  They are equally (or even moreso) yummy at home because I steam and then pan fry them on all three sides and then proceed to dip them in red wine vinegar.   What a screamin' deal at 18-20 cents a pop!
Ok. Words simply can not describe how delicious the food at this hidden gem. I am a huge eater, so I usually get $3 of dumplings(15) along with a sesame pancake. That is the cheapest meal you can find in New York City with great taste and a filling satisfaction! Never fear the huge crowd of people in the shop, it is a small store and they serve the food rapidly! You can expect your food within seconds! ;)
This place should get zero stars. Yes the food was tasty and authentic AND I personally love a good "hole in the wall" AND can tolerate a little dinginess in my eating establishment, BUT this place was filthy! I even tolerated the people handling my food with their bare, grimy hands, but when roaches started crawling on the table while I was eating, I had to draw the line. I completely lost my appetite so I threw away my food and left. Then I looked and saw that their grade from the DOH was pending. Looked up why and found out that the health inspectors came to the same conclusion as I did! So, I agree with the other reviews that the food is memorable but the unsanitary conditions are unacceptable and dangerous. Someone will get sick, likely already has. I would prefer they increase their prices, buy some gloves for food handling and hire a cleaning service. You have an authentic product, so have some pride in your establishment and respect for your customers.
Great food!  Very authentic and inexpensive.  It felt like we had been transported back to china.
this is literally a hole-in-the-wall food establishment, & i ventured in the vicinity at least 3x before I finally had one of the most-filling meals ever that I had in Chinatown, Manhattan (I would always get distracted by other food outlets in the area,so I'd end up not visiting this spot)....the first time, i was surprised there were schoolchildren inside, & it occurred to me, these children must have known all along one of the most affordable, & great tasting food deals they'd have given their token daily cash allowance. i just love the steamed dumplings, egg-noodle soup, & the sesame pancake (which I failed to read & make a sense of from the menu board but I happened to notice to have been freshly made when i first came here, so i gamely ordered one slice as well). I'd always consume everything I order here; I'd always notice all kinds of people having their orders made-to-go, as it can be a test to one's nerves if you decide to stay and eat here.
Tucked away down a random block somewhere in chinatown is the epitome of amazing hole in the wall eateries. Well, not so much as an eatery as cram jam. Order and go, so well worth the few minute wait. Possibly the best dumpling in chinatown. Hot, flavorful dumplings that just ooze juiceyness when you bite into them, almost like a poor mans soup bun. You haven't had dumplings until you've tried this place!
Came here by a friends recommendation and after ordering 4 chive and pork dumplings for $1 I decided to share it with my family and bought 50 frozen dumplings for $9. It was too good of a deal. The place is very tiny and fast paced so be ready to order and pay. Your food will be ready within a minute literally. Next time I visit NY I'm definitely going back here.
For what it is- magnificent.   Delicious, cheap, and wonderfully greasy, these dumplings are most likely the best I ever had and a must try for all those near the border of the Lower East Side/Chinatown.  Expect a satisfyingly full meal for two at around $6.  They also do massive quantities- 50 dumplings for around 8 bucks- an avant-garde choice to cater  your next party perhaps...
The only 4 words you'll need to learn to survive in this part of Chinatown: "PORK AND CHIVE DUMPLING". 5 large, crispy, juicy potstickers for $1. You really can't go wrong. I'm not exactly sure what the chef's secret is, but consider this a crack house for dumpling heads. I dare not buy the frozen bag of dumplings to take home. Even my cooking skills would not do them justice. Best way to go is take-out. We bought $3 worth. Inhaled the first 5 within seconds, and I'm not quite sure what happened to the remaining 10. I remember eating them back at the apartment we were staying at. I also remember going in for another piece, and they were all gone! Damn Chinese boy with his fast hands and hungry stomach beat me to it... And with the blink of an eye, 15 dumplings disappeared into 2 happy bellies.
What a jewel! I read about this place here on yelp and since all the reviews were outstanding, I figured I'd give it a try. It doesnt look like much from the outside but it does have a "A" rating. Once you step in you can see right back into the kitchen and you can see why they received an "A" rating the kitchen is spotless. We ordered a dozen fried and a dozen steamed.  We were lucky enough to get one of the 3 seats in the house. The sesame bread was excellent. I broke into the fried dumpling and could see all the juice flowing from the dumpling I knew I was in for a treat. The dumplings were amazing to say the least. The steamed dumplings were just as amazing!  They were so good I picked up frozen dumplings to bring home. I plan to go back here often..... If you are in Chinatown definitely give this place a shot!!
I left this place in a dumpling coma. We had a sesame pancake with duck, hot n sour soup and about 6 orders of dumplings. My favorite was the pork and green onion soup dumplings. I could have just eaten the slice of pancake by itself! Since it was raining and a bit early, we didn't have to wait in line and we secured a spot on the wall with stools to eat inside. There are bottles with soy, vinegar and sriracha to whip up your own sauce for dunking. It's a small place and if you sit against the wall you're right by the trash can. If it wasn't pouring rain I would have got the food to go. We spent less than 20$ after all that food and 2 drinks. Unreal! Cash only.
I ventured down here for purses and thought I would check yelp for a lunch spot. So happy I did. This place is amazing and so cheap. I had the fried dumplings and sesame panxaxke with duck. Both were great. But the sesame pancacke was life changing. This is a must try if your on Canal st.
This place was recommended in my So-cal AAA magazine - what a weird place to find places to eat in NY. I'm glad we got to try it cause it was dirt cheap. Lunch for 4 with drinks for $8. Awesome, right? It took us awhile to find this place after missing our subway stop and walking the roundabout way to get there. There was a line out the door when we got there but I think we only waited like 10 minutes total to get our food. It's a total hole in the wall with only like 3 seats so we took ours to go and walked a block to a small park to enjoy our food. We got the fried dumplings, steamed dumplings, and a pancake plus drinks. It was all so flavorful and juicy. Also super greasy but you only live once. And they cook it right there so it's hot and fresh. Everything was basically a dollar and you get like 10 dumplings in an order - enough to fill you up.
Amazing dumplings not much more to say. Just don't pay any attention to the place and focus on the delicious food served for a price that wouldn't be even enough for a tip.
As good as it gets! Juicy, flavorful pork and chive mixture inside crispy, chewy dumpling skin. Fast service. Cheap! 4 big dumplings for $1. Don't eat inside.. Smells funky. Just step outside and enjoy. Don't forget to put some sriracha on it first!
One dollar for four filling and wonderful dumplings of your choosing with tasty and ample filling. Nothing wrong with that! If there is a line, it goes fast. Be prepared to stand and eat outside, because there are literally eight stools and they get taken very quickly. The sauces and vinegar are perfect accompaniments. Seriously, I doused mine in the black sauce (not soy sauce, I don't think) and Sriracha. If you're wandering around the LES/Chinatown, go for it! Minus one star because the place is pretty disgusting - the countertops are sticky, the floor is grimey, and they water down the Sriracha.
If I were homeless, I would panhandle on the subway and go to Prosperity Dumpling everyday! The dumplings are dirt cheap! 5 dumplings for $1!! I didn't believe how good they can be for that price! But they are delicious! All of the dumplings were made to order. My favorite were the fried pork and chive dumplings.
$1.00 - 5 pan fried pork and chive dumplings, steaming hot and bursting with juicy deliciousness $1.25 - sesame pancake as big as a slice of pizza and twice as thick, stuffed with tasty vegetables. I was full until dinner.  Thumbs up.  Also, I went in the middle of the afternoon, and everyone in there was incredibly nice.  A little girl noticed that the napkin dispenser was empty, and went across to the other side and got napkins for everyone sitting at our side.  Lots of the people there seemed like regulars.
This hole in the wall dumpling house is popular among locals churning out dumplings nonstop. This tiny place only has seating for 4-5 guests so expect to wait if you're dining in. The pork and chive fried dumplings are one of the best bargains in the city at 4pcs/$1!!!! Although dumplings in chinatown can be had for as little as 6/$1, these are the best I have yet to come across.
Excellent dumplings! It took us a little while to find it and when we did, it was definitely the "hole in the wall" with the juiciest dumplings, just as we expected! The steamed dumplings take a little longer to cook than the pan fried ones but it was worth the three-minute wait. The vegetable ones were very tasty too. We watched them cook a Sesame Pancake which looked yummy - we'll try it next time. The prices were unbelievable; we're definitely going back. (Thank you yelpers - we went there as a result of your reviews!)
oh ohhhh ohhh ... ohhh i experienced gastronomic orgasm here. my mouth started to water as i was writing this. their dumplings are so cheap. $1 for 5 dumplings. ohhhh... whoa and it's sooooo goood. when i went there, it was around 4pm or something, so the place was filled with schoolers who were yelling to order food. this really reminded me of my childhood when i went with my mom to get some after school cheap snacks. there are some seating available for 5 people max. but i guess you can move to the park in front of the school. but i went in the winter. hmmm i wondered where chinese people there did tai chi in the winter... ok enough of that. i need to contain myself when i talk about this dumpling place. oh and if you can't find it, it's right behind the school!
Money well spent and barely any money at that.  $1 dollar = 5 fried pork and chive and Prosperity dumplings is the closest thing to the REAL authentic pot-stickers you get in Taiwan.  Unlike Vanessa's down the street, it has yet to transition to a full-on "round eye" establishment, so people looking for a more accurate version of dive-y Chinese street fare look no further.  This place is what it's all about.  Greasy perfection.
Great hole in the wall place. Loved their fried pork dumplings. inexpensive and so yummy. Would highly recommend this place to foodies.
I know this review doesn't really add much, given all the other 5 stars. BUT good story to really solidify Prosperity's awesomeness. I dragged a friend here who was visiting for the weekend as a part of must-try New York things. The hot water pipe had just burst and steam was coming out and fogging up the whole place. But because they had taken our orders already, they were complete troopers and filled out our orders all the same. Funniest part was they had my (white) friend speak on the phone to the landlord and explain the situation because he thought the cook was trying to place a prank call. Everything here is delicious and oh so cheap, you'll always leave with a happy stomach and wallet :) OH and you can buy their frozen dumplings in bulk and take that happiness home with you! Also, the girl behind the counter who takes the orders is such a boss. She remembers like 10 different people's orders after only hearing it once, and always hands them the right bag without batting an eye.
If you needed the extra-dumpling-per-dollar incentive to go here instead of Vanessa's, then you're exactly the kind of person who will love Prosperity Dumpling. At this price range, all dumplings are of similar quality (yet all delicious, how can this be?). The physics of the price are incomprehensible to me. Growing up making dumplings from scratch was the kind of event my family only took on when there was an army to feed. It is unsurprisingly work intensive to make a dumpling, and yet somehow someone has found a way to profit at the paltry rate of 20 cents per. I'm usually disappointed by how little you get for a dollar in Manhattan, but this is a value that is off the charts. Prosperity Dumpling is the outlier that I have to remove from my food-versus-value graph [that is hanging above my bed]. I want to help people though. So first, please can everyone stop complaining about the size of this place? How else on earth are they able to charge 20 cents a dumpling?? And second, you order here by number of dollars; one dollar is 5 dumplings, two is 10. Simple right? As for everything else on the menu, if you have questions about the contents of a soup (talking to you, annoying guy in line today), or a pancake, please DON'T ASK. Think of this as the soup nazi, only with a nicer storekeeper. Just because he's nice doesn't mean you should expect him to cater to your dietary restrictions. You wouldn't ask the gyro man on the street to politely remove the mutton would you?
This is as good as it gets! pan -fried dumplings for $1! and noodles that cost about $2.50 a plate. WOW what more do you want? Breakfast for under $5. Now you might be thinking, a buck for dumplings? Can't be all that great. WRONG!! They were pretty amazing! I got the wonton noodles, it was so good! My friend got the noodles with bean sauce. That stuff was REALLY GOOD TOO!! While we were eating, we saw this guy order the sesame pancake, it looks so good that we had to buy one to try ourselves. What a heavenly tummy filling breakfast :)
Didn't even know about this place's existence until I checked in at Vanessa's and a friend asked if it's better than Prosperity. And I was like -- whaaa?? Then I looked on Yelp and after reading the reviews, determined to go there instantly as turned out Prosperity is actually closer from my place. Gahh, I live in food paradise.... The dumplings (fried or boiled) are definitely BETTER than Vanessa's. That's the verdict I had to admit when the first dumpling went into my mouth. Duck sesame pancake was tasty as well but not enough meat and was on the smaller side. That's why it's only $1.75. I guess that's where Prosperity and Vanessa differ. I've never had the duck pancake at Vanessa's but have had the beef, pork and egg&ham and they're definitely bigger and they put in the meat in nice proportion. They're $2.25. So if you want a more filling sesame pancake meal and an extra dollar, go to Vanessa's. In conclusion, one has to have the dumplings and a sesame pancake for a filling meal at Prosperity. While at Vanessa's, I can only have just one beef sesame pancake and be full.
Yummmm
Delicious fried and steamed chive dumplings; excellent value for the price. Their sesame pancakes with beef are also pretty good; you have an option of paying 50 cents more to have them add extra beef. However, note that this is a true hole in the wall; very tiny place with very limited seating (can probably squeez in 6 ppl). Definitely will be visiting again to buy some of their frozen dumplings to take home =)
Dumplings are some of the best in the city. This place is definitely a new York city staple.
This place is amaze-ing (emphasis on the amaze). It is a hole, literally a hole, in the wall but the kitchen is open so you can see them making everything which is assuring at certain hole-in-the-wall type spots. Dumplings were super delicious and dirt cheap. Go with a pocket full of change and you can get food here. The soup was not so good-soup-er (no?) bland. But seriously, go here for takeout or seriously, just eat standing there. Mmmm.
Can't beat the prices here, but more importantly - the flavor of the pork/chive dumplings are tasty...well seasoned and the dumpling dough wasn't too thick making a delicate bite into a plentiful filled dumpling.  I also enjoyed the sesame pancake -- crispy, chewy and soft -- a great place for a quick bite, an afternoon snack or a cheap date.  $1 for 4 dumplings -- can't beat that.  I had tried Vanessa's dumplings earlier and have to say that Prosperity's are much better -- Vanessa's dough was a little too thick and the filling was not flavorful and under filled.   Go to prosperity == this place has basically the same items/prices.  More importantly the dumplings are delicious!
The dumpling's skin here, compared to Dumpling House down the street and Fried Dumpling on Allen St, are really thinner. Compared to Dumpling House (down the street) Prosperity Dumpling is not as crispier but this little shop looks more cleaner and has better ventilation.
After you arise from your DC to NYC Megabus slumber in need of vittles, get on the subway and head here. The food is ridiculously cheap.  Two half orders of pork and veggie dumplings and one order of savory sesame bread with beef filling will give you enough food to nibble on in every borough visited until after sunset.  Tasty, and freshly made before your very eyes.  All of this for less than $5. The dining spaces are narrow, so it's uncomfortable to eat inside.  However, there is a small park nearby where you can relax and enjoy your food. I ain't too proud to beg...can you open up an outpost in DC?  Our Chinatown bites.  Pretty please, with soy on top?
Unreal eats...$9.50 got us 2 orders of steamed dumplings, hot & sour soup, 1 order of fried dumplings and a sesame duck pancake (duck pancake is a must order item). This is hands down the best dumplings in NYC. Come with cash in hand and your order ready to go b/c the ladies behind the counter move quickly and don't mess around!
Tiny!
Juicy delicious boiled pork & chive dumplings. And you can get 10 for $1.75. Can't beat that. Seriously. If you's a dumpling lova, you gotta go. Give them more business!
Any complaints about this place have to be taken with a grain of salt.  I mean come on, have you seen the prices?  Do you know where you are?  My only real complaint is that it's a little far from most subway stations in the area.  Other than that, you can't ask much more of this little hole-in-the-wall, except: How the hell did they get an A from their health inspection?
Being from CA and reading a bunch of reviews for the go-to dumpling spots in NYC, we sought out Prosperity and it did not disappoint! We have the pork and chive dumplings (4 for $1 cant beat the deal!). Dumplings were fresh, off the pan. The sauce mixed with Sriracha was great!! Definitely will be a place I will continue to visit whenever I visit NYC again.
This is a dumpling sweat shop. I think Nike may have invested in them. They do still get 4 starts because the dumplings are cheap and the taste is good. First of all its $1 for 4 pork and chive fried dumplings, how you can go wrong right? I also ordered the steamed pork and chive dumplings these are a whopping $2.50 for 10 dumplings, probably one of the best bargains in all of nyc. The store is self is a definition of a HOLE IN THE WALL. If the Kebler Elves were making dumplings instead of cookies in a small little tree house and there were WAY more elves it quite honestly could be mistaken for prosperity dumpling. 1.The sirracha is watered down. Its the old Cool-Aid trick, you know, you finish half the pitcher and then fill it back up with water and pretend like no one will know. Thats how all the sirracha bottles are. 2. I saw one of the many cooks grab something with a pair of tongs and eat it right off the tongs, the same tongs they are grabbing your food witih. 3. The lady rolling the dumplings is literally outside in open air on the side of the building. Def not sanitary! 4. There are WAYYYYY to many people cramped into the small space kitchen, none of them have gloves on and majority of them are sweating and look tired and overworked. 5. There is usually a lot of people waiting, they will tell you 10 minutes and forget about you so you constantly have to ask the lady in front if your order is ready. About 5 orders came in after mine and they all got their food before me, which was very strange. Dont expect to get a seat here, use a bathroom or even cool down if your sweating. Grab some dumplings and find a nice bench, just remember to open your dumpling container and put some watered down sirracha or soy sauce.
Dear Prosperity Dumplings, You're the reason why I stopped seeing Vanessa. Don't feel guilty, we're still friends. I told her that your 5 for $1 Pork and Chive Dumplings were much too alluring & hard to resist. The 50 frozen dumplings for $8 also got me completely hooked and reeled in. Lastly, your Sesame Pancake with Pork is so much better than hers. But don't tell her i told you that. I depend on you to be discreet about our rendezvous. Forever & Always, Paola xoxo
SUPER CHEAP. Where else can I get full and only spend $3.25? There's always a line here but it moves pretty fast. This place is TINY (though they do have stools on the side), so you're better off taking out unless you like dining with people right up on you. The boiled vegetable dumplings at $2 for 8 are a steal. Plump, juicy, not screaming with flavor, but just flavorful enough to fill me up to satisfaction. Though this place is called Prosperity Dumpling, I come here for the sesame pancake with vegetables. At $1.25, and the size of 2 pizza slices stacked, you can't go wrong. Airy, slightly sweet dough coated in sesame seeds, perfectly sandwiches pickled carrots, cucumbers and cilantro tossed in a slightly sweet soy sauce. Essentially it's like Banh Mi vegetables in a tasty Chinese sesame foccacia wedge. And you know my feelings on banh mi. YUM. CHEAP. DELICIOUS. FILLING. What more can you ask for? Except for chopsticks and extra napkins...
Dirt cheap and tasty. 5 potstickers for $1!!! And they're decent too! They also have sesame pancakes (both plain and with meat inside) for $1-2, which are greasy and delicious. The storefront is TINY though. I don't even know how they manage to fit seats and a counter inside, but if you plan on eating there, expect to be elbow-to-elbow with other diners and the people waiting to order. Nevertheless, your food comes out fast, and though it's nothing amazing, it's definitely enough to fill you up.
LEGIT!
By far the best meal for a dollar that you can find in nyc.  My only tip is that the steamed dumplings take awhile to make, so I'd just order the fried if you don't have a strong preference.
Daily News Sept. 4, 2011 did a Best of NY page on "Best Dumplings" & whereas Joe's Shanghai (3 locations) got #1 - Prosperity got a commendable 2nd listing with their price being the best deal. E. Dumpling House on W. 106th came in 3rd.  I remember making a special trip down there years ago & accidentally found myself there once again which is rare considering they are in such an odd place. You have to really be hungry & in the mood for Chinese dumplings to warrant the visit. If I lived nearby I'm sure I would go all the time & probably be fat & unhealthy. I haven't spent much time on YELP & am mainly writing this review in order to find the info quickly next time I'm heading out to lower E. Side/Chinatown area. How else do you earmark favs here?
Prosperity Dumpling has awesome pork and chive dumplings (4 for $1) and sesame pancakes (~$2-3 depending on filling). I honestly can't distinguish the pork and chive dumplings of Vanessa's, Prosperity, and "Fried Dumpling" by taste alone. The real difference for me was the texture of the dough. Here the dough was soft yet al dente and they didn't stick together. Since they're turning out so many dumplings, freshness is on their side. They have about 10 workers in a tiny little kitchen trying to keep up with demand. The sesame pancake is awesome because it's fried dough. Churros to Cronuts, sweet or savory, fried dough always tastes amazing [take note future restaurateurs]. The giant sesame pancake is served pizza style, by the slice, and stuffed with a choice of ingredients. I had the egg sesame pancake which had cilantro, carrot, and a fried egg in it. Simple but a perfect balance of flavor and texture. The vegetable dumplings were alright. The veggies were crisp and fresh. Only problem was they were pretty salty. I didn't even add soy sauce. Protip: They like you to order by the menu numbers. Have your cash ready. If the weather is decent walk half a block north to a small park with benches to eat.
$1 dumplings never tasted so good...
Price of the dumpling is pretty cheap.  I ordered the pork dumpling with nappa cabbage which is just OK.  The sesame pancake is a must have,  Crust is warm.  My mouth is in sesame heaven after first bite.   They use a lot of oil to try the dumplings.  I will try to avoid that if you don't like your food oily.
Was on the way to nom Wah and saw this place. Was packed. Walked over and one of the kids said it was cheap and great. Wow. Awesome. 4 fried dumplings for a buck. Tasted great.
I like that it's so cheap and you can have so much for so little but the boiled dumplings weren't as good as I thought they'd be. I guess I'm used to the texture of steamed dumplings. These were different.  The sesame pancake was pretty good. If I come back I'll try a different flavor. This place is good to stop by if you're in the area after a night of drinking.
I'll tell you what; in a city often harangued as a place where no typical plebeian could possibly eat, drink, and live without the aid of a trust fund of expendable income clearly hasn't dined at Prosperity. Five soup dumplings for just $1?! Das crazy, given the quality -- they're heavenly. Especially the pork + chive varietal. Yum! Certainly another fine reason to spend my time in the Lower East Side (as if I actually needed another excuse...).
This is THE place for dumplings. At 5 for $1, you can order boiled or fried pork and chive dumplings, and their 75 cent sesame pancake is my go-to snack. Everything else on their menu is super cheap as well and the same guy is always running the show in front and taking orders. Definitely check it out, but make sure you take your food to the nearby park to eat as there is limited and crowded seating inside Prosperity.
Best deal, best dumplings in chinatown period. Dumplings are one of my favorite things in the world, i worked at dumpling man for 4 years and you can't compare prosperity wins hands down.I used to go to vanesa's when it was a hole in a wall, I also tried six other dumpling houses in chinatown and these are by far the best. They are always crispy on the bottom soft on the top and no matter how busy it gets they are done right, the dumpling sauce on the counter are done to perfectionw with a perfect mix of rice vinegar and soy sauce. i'm going to go grab some right now as a matter of fact!!
best dumplings ive ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the pork dumpings are cooked to perfection!!!!!!
This is literally a hole in the wall. One of the best cost benefits in the city. The fried dumplings are great, as are the pancakes. Guaranteed satisfaction by spending less than 5 dollars, but if you decide to eat-in, prepare to smell like oil.
Food poisoning!! Need I say more? Woke at 4:30 am this morning to the most unpleasant stomach ache, vomiting and yes the other end as well. Had the fried pork & chives potstickers and wonton soup. Took back to my place the sesame chicken pancake...ate it three hours later and I think that's what did it. Noticed the pancake had raw carrots and cilantro in it...probably what got me sick. The place is definitely a hole in the wall dive...food is very economical to say the least...my meal was only $5!! But don't think I'll be back here again. Not risking it.
The place is TINY so don't expect to eat inside.  Also there is definitely no bathroom.  I ordered: 5 dumplings 1 sesame pancake (huge) 1 small Hot & Sour soup (huuuuge) 1 bottle of water Total price: $3.50!!  Holy cow.  I had to wonder exactly how much MSG needed to go into a product to make it taste so good yet cost so little, but figured I was better off not calculating that.  We sat across the street on the curb by the playground and I felt like a Chinese construction worker on my lunch break.  The food was extremely fresh and really hit the spot.  The ladies working there were surprisingly nice considering how crammed the place gets.  The line usually goes out the door.  Totally worth it.  In fact they could charge double and I'd still come here.  Make sure you ask for Sriracha too.  I am looking forward to the soup in the wintertime when it gets cold.  If dumplings were healthier I'd eat here every other day but am going to at least try to get there every two weeks.
Wow...  5 dumplings for $1.  A sesame pancake, as big as my head, dough-ey, filled with vegetable goodness, and slathered in soy sauce and watered-down sriracha, for $1.25.  (Kudos to the earlier comparison to Banh-Mi.)  How could it be anything but terrible?  And yet it's gorgeous -- absolutely delicious.  Dumplings were fresh, held together, tasted great.  The sesame pancake (sandwich?  pizza?) could have been a full meal on its own.   The slice of beef in the beef sesame pancake left me wishing I'd ordered another vegetable sesame pancake, but -- heck -- beef that cheap should have given me cause to consider. Bite-by-bite comparisons with Dumpling House left us with a clear designated winner: Prosperity.
Two words - cheap and delicious! One of the few places in China town that makes good fried dumplings even compared to Flushing. Best of all it's much cheaper, 5pcs for just $1. The quality of the dumplings here were superb, as one could judge by how less likely the dumplings would break during cooking. You could also buy their frozen ones and cook these at home - they are equally as good. The only complain that I would have is their limited dining space, too small to handle the great influx of customers. Come by here next time you visit China town, as my wife and I always make a stop by here.
On my way home today I stopped in with my dollar in hand for 5 dumplings.  Very good and quite satisfying if your jonesing dumplings. Much better than the tourist traps, especially the one with the "amazing soup dumplings" that begins with a J. I did not see a letter grade in the window or a grade pending sign...maybe it is best that way.
It's kind of hidden in the less populated part of Chinatown and it's a small space so you might miss it. I think the dumplings are pretty tasty for the price you pay (really cheap). It's a too little oily, but that's obvious when you get it fried. They're also really quick in getting in your order.
Yum!!!! Forget overpriced Joe's...this place is a hole in the wall and it's so worth it! Yes, you don't have a place to sit or have the whole nice restaurant feel, but it's about the food in this case. Homemade dumplings made in front of your eyes...onion sesame pancakes freshly made...get a full meal for 2 for less than $10!!! 4 dumplings for $1...soup for $2-4...Chinese pancake for $2-3....aiya!!! So goot la!!! The quality ain't bad too! It's oily but dab it a little and you're good. Definitely coming back and trying more items. Happy tummy, happy wallet, happy life. Yes. Prosperity, may you live long and prosper. \/ (that's a peace sign)
The dumplings are good, but the size of the store is small and overcrowded. Good for take-out only. Vanessa's dumpling house is better because they have seating, the same menu, and a restroom.
Best dumplings ever!
Wow, cheapest food ever! What I love about this place is despite its dirty hole in the wall appearance, you can see them making all the dumpling filling in the back of the kitchen and it's FRESH. Nothing frozen, no overpriced Trader Joe's dumplings, just real, fresh goodness. Got 10 veggie dumplings for $2. Wha, wha!! They have soy sauce, vinegar, and siracha on the counter for use. Eat to-go at tiny crammed counters or take to-go to park right up the street. Also stop at the tea place a few stores down. So why just two stars? Because in my ranking system, hole in the wall dives that are kinda dirty and the food is cheap and good, but nothing amazing get two stars. And because I haven't been back since I first ate there and I have no desire to.
It's the best. Like many people have, I did an area taste test--four places in Chinatown, and the dumplings here had better texture, fresher ingredients, more meat and juice than anywhere else. And at $1 for five dumplings, there actually isn't anywhere that beats it. Vanessa's Dumpling House up the street comes close to matching Prosperity in taste, but they only give you 4 for a buck. The tables and restroom there are nice, but Prosperity wins on value and taste. If you're looking for more varied menu options I can't really help, cause when it comes to dumplings I have a one track mind.
There is no greater ratio of money spent to bellies filled than at a place like Prosperity. No nonsense, no fuss, just a pile of dumplings for so little cash it'll make you question reality. Even for vegetarians, there is the option of steamed veggie dumplings (6 for $2) and the crispy sesame scallion pancake. A satisfying meal found in a simple storefront. One of the many small pleasures of living in NYC.
Ok, so apparently the theme of my trip to NY was: "The best of NY". My friends and I were trying to find the best food in NY and thank God we came across Prosperity Dumpling. I spent $1 for 5 pieces of dumplings and instead opened my box to find 9 pieces :D They were delicious! Love this place, will def. pass by again if I'm in town!
This place is cheap and delicious. I found the counterpoint of chewiness, flavor, and fried skin of the pork and chive dumplings was right on the money. We didn't try anything else because we were headed to lunch around the block, but I will be back. The only problem I had was a bit of a misunderstanding of the ordering process. There was a pile of people waiting, and it was somewhat unclear that you had to push your way to the front. I know, mostly my fault, just a word to anybody that hasn't gone yet.
Even though the prices have slightly increased (now pork and chive gaozi are four for $1), the dumplings are still freshly fried and made to order, so hot that they sear the tastebuds in the mad rush to the stomach. On my last visit, there were a group of younguns arguing about the cost vs fullness economics, but their lack of appreciation for the best cheap dumplings in NYC just means more for the rest of us. Because Prosperity Dumpling is slightly out of the way for us, we've gone the frozen route and started frying them up at home. A $9 bag for 50 dumplings can't be beat, especially when they're freshly fried in the comfort of your own home. Huzzah.
Delicious dumplings, fantastic value -- very small place! Totally worth a visit. We ate several different kinds of dumplings and they were all excellent.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I've been coming here for the past 5,6 years probably. I used to go to Chinese school across the street, and my grandma would bring me across the street to grab lunch in the classes. I come here ever so often now to grab the dumplings and the wonton soup, and to sit at the park nearby. It brings back great childhood memories. Judging from the reviews, they recently increased their prices. It's really a shame because half a year ago, they were 5/$1 and were still huge delicious dumplings! I suppose it's because the store has gotten popular these days and is getting more foot traffic. I know their menu has vegetarian options, but I have honestly never seen them serve vegetarian dumplings since they work so fast and seem to throw all dumplings in the same batch. I  would not recommend any vegetarians to come here for their dumplings, but for meat-eaters, it's time to feast! The store itself is really small, and even years ago, I would have to line up for 5-10 minutes until I could order because they dumplings were selling so fast. I would eat the dumplings right after they leave the pan -- because they use a lot of oil, it tastes weird after a couple of hours, and I would not recommend microwaving them either (I tried, after ordering too many dumplings, and found that it tasted questionable). Eat them while they're hot.. it's so delicious. This is a great cheap eat, and totally worth the visit!
My wife and I stopped here during a brief trip to NYC based on Yelp raves, and we were back the next day. I don't know if there's much I can add, other than another 5 stars. We had the pan fried pork and chive dumplings and beef sesame pancake. The sesame pancake was the best I've ever had. The dumplings were fantastic, absolute perfection. There is always a line out the door. There are two reasons for this; 1) the famous dumplings are five for $1. 2) This place is literally a hole in the wall. Space for customers is about the size of a public restroom stall, with a few spots to sit down. Don't plan on soaking up ambiance or even sitting down, necessarily. We lucked out on both occasions and grabbed a seat. Our meal with a couple of canned sodas was under $10 including the tip. We were back on the streets in no time, off to the next point of interest. There is no way I'll skip Chinatown or Prosperity Dumpling on my next NYC trip.
Dear Prosperity, You're my new favorite Dumpling place. Move over House and Fried, Prosperity is my new dumpling place. Sure the interior isn't as nice as the others, but you still get 5/$1 and after doing another 1 day tour of dumpling places you ended up first for the best taste and quality of dumplings. Also definitely the best service of the 3 as well. To my new #1, Ed
thanks to yelp, this was another great find...it is a bit TI-INY yelp.com/user_local_phot… but most of the business seems to be to go orders anyways...there is a little counter for about four people or so...http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=­gUkqdzdD0jhqsjM-AZAWVw&select=pp9xZuBKyDn6xXKTT2h2­kg my dining partner and i had: 10 steamed pork/chive dumplings, 10 steamed beef dumplings, hot soy milk, and one coke...all for about $6... yelp.com/user_local_phot… yelp.com/user_local_phot… yelp.com/user_local_phot… the dumplings were YUMMIES...especially the pork/chive dumplings...the ingredients are super fresh and they do not skimp...cheap eats at its best...
Based on the price alone this place gets 4 stars, and the dumplings are actually really tasty.  They're dumplings, not much you can really mess up there besides the skin being too thick, but that's not a problem here.  They were pretty greasy which is fine with me. You can see the dumplings being cooked in front of you and the service was extremely fast.  I'm looking forward to coming back.
I love this place. If you like humble places and tasty finds, you will too! This is a very small dumpling place, there are about two or three stool chairs and a very thing wall table thing. The dumplings themselves are pretty tasty. They're filled with juice and come out hot and fresh. Sometimes they're so hot that the dumpling skin falls off, but that is okay with me! Like everyone else mentioned, these dumplings are a dollar....and hopefully stay that way forever! This isn't the place to go for if you're looking to sit and chat, but if you want a quick, juicy meal that is cheap and messy, go for it!
My husband and I went crazy over here!!! We had 15 dumplings within like 15 mins   Their fried pork dumpling are like heaven on earth!!! And the cheapest it can get anywhr!!! 4 for $1..... Say what!?!? Also had their steamed chicken dumplings but they were pretty okayish... I would have loved to hog on fried pork dumplings instead... They also had these sesame pancakes which many people had been ordering.... But we were too full for that... Perhaps the next time   Prosperity Dumpling u made my NY trip even more amazing!!!!
Best dollar I've ever spent on dumplings. 1 or 2 orders will be more than enough. I also had a sesame pancake that was pretty good. Only item I didn't like was the noodles w/ peanut sauce.
Amazing dumplings. Holy crap I was blown away and they were so cheap. I wish there right now. I wish I had my marriage here. I am going to start having my birthdays catered by this group. They are a fun bunch and I want to come here everyday.
It is with great sadness that I can not have dumplings at Prosperity dumplings. Why? I'll tell you why. It's all pork, and I cannot consume pork. I'm sure the connoisseurs of Chinese cuisine and bacon lovers are horrified. I'm sure the Yelp community is questioning why the hell I am writing a review for a place I can't eat the specialties at. But relax, be calm. There are other items on the menu here. I get dragged here often by my friends, who are always taken aback by the sheer cheap ridiculousness of the place. $1 for 5 dumplings is it? I believe you get more veggie dumplings for about the same price. Also there are scallion pancakes to consume. In fact these scallion pancakes are damn good. Greasy as hell, but ask them to add some meat and its a done deal. And actually I've had a pork dumpling from here once. By accident. Although I hated the fact I ended up being fooled and deceived, it was pretty damn good. Only once. But honestly, if they started making dumplings with some other meat, I'd be here every week if I could.
$3.00 gets you: 15 pork & scallion seared potstickers expertly flung from a giant wok onto your Styrofoam plate, topped w/soy, vinegar, and chili sauce + a steaming cup of homemade soy milk ($0.75). Quick, cheap, and delicious.  Definitely make this part of your lower east side/dumpling tour!
i have a confession to make. never, ever have i enjoyed that soy vinegar ginger sauce. i know, blasphemy. i've just always been more of a straight up soy sauce bitch. or no sauce at all. now, picture me sitting on my friend's futon when he hands me a bowl of 493085 amazingly crispy dumplings from prosperity. DRENCHED in that soy vinegar ginger sauce. i was VERY fucking nervous. but i liked it. and you know what? i adored the dumplings. maybe it was his preparation, but he fried them so they were completely golden brown and crispy enough that the sauce did not make them soggy. amazing. i finished mine and sadly noted that the pan was empty. i was almost tempted to leave their place and head over for some dumplings of my own. fortunately, my food baby was so big that i couldn't see my feet to put them into shoes. so. i made the right decision.
Yes it looks like a shady crack den on the outside, but there's nothing but juicy fried/boiled dumplings and delicious greasy pancakes all for under $2 inside. You can literally keep alive for around $10 a day by coming here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Plus it has an "A" grade from the Department of Health which is both ....impressive...and unlikely? Who cares, it's so cheap and good.
Great place. Note that it is very small, so you may hard pressed to find a seat to eat your dumplings there.   The food is very inexpensive, made fresh and the service is pretty fast.  If you have to wait 10 minutes I would say it would be worth your wait.
This is my favorite dumpling spot in NYC. Super cheap, greasy, and delicious. You can even request them frozen so you can fry them up yourself at home. For $1 for 4 dumplings, you can feed quite a few people for just a few bucks. I'll continue coming here every few weeks for as long as I'm living in the area!
DELICIOUS! $1 for 4 dumplings.  They're almost as good as the ones that my mom makes!  Also, you can get 50 frozen dumplings for $10.   The sesame pancakes with pork or duck are also worth trying! If you're ever in the area and want to get a cheap and delicious lunch, this is the place to go.
Super cheap...delicious...but I'd rather go to Vanessa's.  This place only fits 10 people and on a freezing day, everyone was grumpy, the wait was long, we found a hair in a dumpling, and the price for their 50 pack didn't match what was listed. I'd go to Vanessa's instead.
This is the place to go where you're down on your money...AH YOU STILL GO HERE IF YOU HAVE MONEY!  The prices here are cheaper than dumpling house and the people serve you just as fast.  And boy is the food here FRESH.  They sell all of their food of so fast they're always trying to make more up at the same time.  I got my sesame pancake right off the fryer and WOW WAS THAT GOOD.      $1 for 5 fried dumplings + $0.75 for a slice of sesame pancake --------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------------    More happiness than what $1.75 will get you in rest of NYC
Prosperity Dumpling seems like it will be my go-to place for a quick, cheap snack. I can't quite comment on all the items, but if you've eaten dumplings or sesame pancakes before, you shouldn't be expecting anything less or anything more than what prior experiences have suggested. They are just your normal "snack" or "appetizer" food, so they are expected to be tasty, but not mind-blowingly by any means. And just a note, they seemed to run out of a couple menu items by the time I went (around 6 PM), so don't expect that you'll be able to eat anything off the menu all the time.
A friend of mine recommended me to have dumplings here. Cheap fast tasty and hot. It makes me want to steal their recipes. I give them an A+ I don't know how I could have missed this place all these years and im chinese. shame on me.
I ordered 80 dumplings here and everyone loved them! Just don't look around the building too much...
Incredibly cheap and immensely satisfying. Places like this make me glad to live in New York.
Finally got a chance to see what the hype was all about. As everyone has already mentioned, Prosperity Dumpling is so cheap and delicious! We ordered boiled pork & chive dumplings (8? 10?), boiled shrimp dumplings in soup (8), and a sesame pancake with beef for lunch and left full, happy and only short $9. The dumplings were big and flavorful. The sesame pancake was unlike anything I'd ever had. Large, soft pieces with cilantro, shredded carrots, daikon, and meat. Yum. We managed to get seats along the wall but don't go expecting to get a seat. It is very small (about 6 spots). Also, don't go in with high expectations on cleanliness... it is a total dive.
OMG OMG AMAZING AMAZING dumplings at this tiny food haven The pork dumplings are to die for, veggie too A must for those looking for a quick, quality priced right night out. my new weekly stop thats worth trecking  down here
I was brought here by a friend, who basically told me that I couldn't like dumplings and NOT try this place. It's a little after 5 on a weekday, and we wait just inside the door, which is where the "line" ended. In truth, there isn't enough space for a line. Just get in where you can fit in and place your order. They have different varieties of dumplings, but I just went with pork and chives. I loaded it up with sauces and bit into one. So flavorful! The skin on the dumplings isn't too thick, the meat is juicy...it's just perfect, honestly. It's worth going out of your way to come here. Always.
For the price its hard to beat. We understand it's a phenomenal deal, dumplings, hot, tasty, 5 for a buck, yes please. At the same time, for most, how often are you in that area? If you lack a monthly metro card, the trip will be the biggest part of the expense. Coupled with a potential language difficulty in ordering and the lack of worthwhile seating (unless you're purposefully trying to keep your in and out time under 5 minutes) it's a bit tough. The dumplings, I preferred fried, flavorful, good texture, siracha and soy helped significantly though. If I lived closer and could get take out and walk home I'd be here at least once a week to get a ton of dumplings, pair it with a couple beers and some must see tv and call it a night. As is, its worth going out of your way for if you're feeling extremely frugal or just to try it, but I'd be surprised if it was your go to spot
This has got to be the best dumplings you can find in the U.S at $0.20 a piece.  They were delicious and the meat inside was definitely will with lots of juice.  The sesame pancake was also delicious and was only a buck. They were delicous dumplings, but they weren;t the best dumplings i have had therefor no 5 stars.
Hole in the wall yelper heaven! Small space that fit about 8 bodies here, I can't stop to laugh but find many yelp doing their dumpling tour each time I meet someone new there. Cheap-cheap-Cheap! This place will give you your money worth. Eat away and great meeting spot without having to schedule anything. I normally would buy their 50 pack to bring home to have for whatever occasion. So next time you eat dumpling at my place, you don't need to wonder where we buy them from. LOL
For the price, you get a lot but it's not mind blowing or anything.  I had the pork and chive dumplings both fried and steamed.  It's also REALLY cramped, no more than 4 people can sit inside and eat at one time.
When u need ur dumpling fix this is the place.  Its fast and good. Fantastic dumplings and sesame pancakes. Fed 3 people for $7.  Maybe the least expensive meal ive ever eten  Not much room to sit - heck not much room to stand it's like a london phone booth (even superman would need room to change) - so think take out when your there. I'll be back.
Dumplings are good. Pancakes are a bit greasy and lack filling. Duck noodle soup uses all the cheapest cuts of the duck. But it's very cheap. I think I prefer Super Taste.
First of all, if you're planning to come here on a date or a large party, then I'd probably be weary because this place is literally a hole in a wall. With that being said, Prosperity Dumpling serves up some legit dumplings and potstickers for a ridiculous price. By ridiculous, I mean you can get 5 dumplings for $1! That price is unheard of, and might even be cheaper than in China. Technically, Prosperity Dumpling is located in Chinatown, but it's a little more Lower East Side if anything. Take the B/D to Grand Street and it's literally a 2 minute walk. Once you get there, there isn't the glitz or glamor of a nice restaurant. Prosperity Dumpling is literally about 15 feet wide and 20 feet deep. There are some stools against the walk in which you can sit and eat, but that only houses about 5 people. Pretty much, you're standing and eating somewhere around the joint, or grabbing these babies to go. Food-wise, I went ahead and got the chive and pork dumplings. For $1, how can you even begin to think twice? These babies are pretty much cooked and ready to go. With then number of people ordering their popular items, your wait to get your food is literally 5 seconds. For $1, the dumplings must be decent, but not amazing right? Well, I've eaten my fair share of dumplings in my time, and these are pretty damn good. There's just enough juice in the potsticker to give it that extra kick, and the insides are incredibly tasty. Aside from dumplings there is the sesame pancake and of course miscellaneous soups that you can order from. Even if you're incredibly hungry, I can't imagine that you'd be spending more that $5 on a meal here. For those that have to make an extra long trek to get here, myself included, you can get their frozen dumplings to go and cook them at home. At $9 for 50, it's simply mind blowing. All in all, like everyone says, Prosperity Dumpling is legit. The incredibly cheap price is probably attributed to how little they care for decor and appearance, but that's totally fine with me. To get 5 dumplings for $1 is unfathomable and worth any trek down to the Lower East Side!
This place is very quick.  The dumplings are five for a dollar.  Seating is very limited though the hot sauce flows like niagra, if you're into that sort of thing - which I am.  Overall, if you want a cheap lunch to fill you up, you really can't beat this.  The dumpling skin at Super Taste (a little further down Eldridge) is thinner though....I promise. By the way, after working in Chinatown for several months, I can no longer eat the dumplings at ANY of these places...not that this should deter you.  I think it was just too much of a good thing. I have heard some sketchy stories about dropped dumplings on the floor being returned to the frying vat, but let's just call that an urban myth...for everyone's sake.
This is by far, my favorite dumpling place in chinatown. I've been coming here for years. My parents are actually the ones who told me about the place. They usually get the frozen ones that you can bring home and enjoy anytime you want them. I tend to like eating them right after I place my order. The fried dumplings are great, the steamed dumplings are great, the pancakes are great, the noodle soups are great- everything is super affordable, so you can really try everything on the menu without breaking the bank. So whether you're thinking of making a visit for lunch or dinner, you really can't go wrong ordering anything here. Your tummy will be happy you went.
I was on a serious dumplings mission a couple of nights ago, so I walked around Chinatown for about an hour until I found Prosperity. Note - You must pay close attention to the store numbers or you can easily walk past this tiny storefront. The boiled pork dumplings were cooked to order right in front of me and as everyone said they were hot, wicked cheap & delicious. Definitely try the sesame scallion pancake/sandwich dough thing. Don't plan on eating there though because they only offer 5 stools and limited "dining room" space. So Zagat would not rate the ambiance very high.   Next time my take-out order is going to consist of little fried ones. Get in my belly!!
So.... I can't tell if the Asians eating here are just completely clueless about the shrewd ways in which Chinese restaurants make restaurants if they just pretend they don't know for peace of mind. Dog. All Prosperity Dumpling does is take the excess, leftover FAT from other Chinatown restaurants and stuff them into their dumplings. That's why the dumplings have huge chunks of gelatinous and fatty unchewable bits. Yes, fat imparts flavor. But guess what? It's also freaking gross to ingest that much fat in one sitting. If eating cheaply is the only thing you're concerned with, then by all means, go to this place. But if you don't want to stuff leftover fat from other Chinese restaurants down your throat, then avoid this place at all costs. Wake up people. Are you SERIOUS?
Wow!  Forget about anywhere else, this is the place.  Super cheap and delicious.  We only tried the various dumplings from the menu but they were all great
Best Chinese place I've ever been to. I don't want to go home now. I think I might move here. And by "here" I mean I want to ask the owner if I can just move into his restaurant and sleep on the floor because I want to eat here every single day. That's how good it is.
We got shrimp dumplings, chicken dumplings, and duck sesame pancakes. The dumplings weren't memorable at all, but the pancakes were pretty good. 3 stars for food However, this place is not sanitary at all. I do microbiology research, and I shuddered when I saw the guy taking money from everybody and then cutting and packaging the pancakes with his bare hands. It is unacceptable.
WOW. Those are some good dumplings! We waited for a really long time. That is probably why I didn't give it 5 stars. The staff isn't very organized. It is hard to get your order quickly if you have a large order. The dumplings didn't even need sauce. They were so good. And cheap. We got 3 orders of dumplings and a sandwich (or sesame pancake thing) and our order was about $10 total. Definitely a must when you're passing through Chinatown.
Cheap, quick, tasty! Prosperity Dumpling is really what Chinatown is all about. It's authentically made and cooked and cheaper than dirt (well almost)! While the menu isn't huge, you can get 5 pan-fried pork and chive dumplings for $1 or 10 boiled pork and chive dumplings for $2, as well as a few other types of buns/dumplings. I had 15 dumplings on my last visit  just because it's such a good deal (that's, count 'em, $3!) and every single one of them was wonderful! They were plump and juicy, filled with a generous scoop of pork and chive filling and a nice salty broth. The wrapper wasn't too think or too thin, but just enough to be satisfying. Even for Chinatown, this seems like a pretty small hole in the wall. I would definitely not suggest planning on eating here as it's basically one counter with standing room only. There was a relatively crowded line of people waiting in the tiny place but they're still relatively quick and obviously have the assembly line figured out to a T. All in all, great gem of a find in NYC Chinatown. Will definitely make a point of visiting every time I'm in town.
Prosperity Dumplings SoNnNnNnN This place is BAWLIN' yo. Dumplingz be crispy like you never SEEN. I tasted one and I was like "WHAAAAT! Are you serious Prosperity? Mean girls workin the frying pans, tho. This one chick wouldn't even let me holla. I was like "please you ugly anyway." On a serious note, you just can't go wrong with these dumplings.
5 pork/chive dumplings for 1 dollar. =) Mung bean porridge for 75 cents. =) Sesame pancake was a dull looking slice of pizza. =o Please order the vegetable/sesame pancake! Their beef noodle soup tasted just like pho~~Was totally out of my world. 60 dumplings for like 8 buckeroos? =) B/c of limited seating, it would definitely be wise to take your food out and eat outside since it's summer and all. Definitely one of Chinatown's jewels!
I am now aware that dumplings are serious business in NYC. In fact, while at Prosperity Dumpling, I picked up on an unspoken rule: Do not even attempt to speak to a New Yorker while he/she is consuming a dumpling. Doing so must be an exercise in improper dumpling etiquette, apparent by the I'm-going-to-freaking-slap-you-if-you-ruin-my-­dumpling-experience glance I received by the fellow sitting next to me after attempting, fruitlessly, to engage in conversation with him. Whateva.... At any rate, words cannot express how thrilled I was to actually step foot into this establishment. It's notoriety has intrigued me ever since I originally read about it on Yelp. It really is all about the food there. California friends, don't bother making the journey down to Eldridge St. if you are looking for a specific type of dining ambience; you will be thoroughly disenchanted. Located right in the heart of Chinatown, Prosperity embodies the personality and charm of the area and culture that it's seated in. Will you find an exotic-looking building decoratively adorned by every Chinese cliché, as you might find here in San Diego? Nope. Will you find a nice air conditioned, roomy, sit-down dining room where you can consume your food? Nope. Will you be promptly greeted with a plastic smile and empty platitudes? Nope. Instead, what you will encounter is a phenomenal business ran by phenomenal, real, hard-working people, a place where the only thing that matters are the blissful creations they are boiling and frying in the background. I arrived around 3pm or so, and there was a line out the door. I was stunned when I saw the menu. Stunned because of the prices. I opted for the 10 pork and chives dumplings (boiled) for $2. YES, $2! That is completely unheard of here in CA. And let me tell you that these dumplings are monstrous in size, and filled generously. People were ordering tons of them, simply saying things like, "Give me $20 worth of menu item #___". And the taste? Divine. Without a doubt, it could be the best dumpling I will EVER consume. The ordering process is a little clunky, and there was some slight confusion when my order was ready. The cashier had forgotten that I had ordered a water. Seriously, though, with the amount of orders and dumplings flying everywhere, I have no idea how they keep things as straight as they do. As previously stated, if you step foot into this eatery, it's all about the food and nothing else. Truly, this was one of the highlights of my recent trip to the city. I'll certainly be returning to get my dumpling on.
All the good things people have said about this place are true!  I loved everything I ate at Prosperity dumpling.  I got 4 items (to try everything) and walked out spending $5.75.  The dumplings were moist, full, and fresh.  It was worth $40 in cab rides to get to this place and I will be back for seconds the next time I'm in NYC!
I've never had this much food for this little money. We thought the prices were wrong! $1 for five dumplings; $1.25 for a bowl of wonton soup. I got a beef pancake (which was slightly greasy, but still pretty filling and delicious) for $1.75. Altogether $4 for more food than we could finish on not-quite-empty stomachs. Authentic and tasty; cheap and awesome. We got there right before a long line formed outside, and were lucky to get a place to sit. Yelp steered us right with this place.
Dumplings are the way to go!  They always make them fresh and affordable.  How can you beat that? 4 fried pork dumplings for 1 dollar, completely insane.  Now I understand why Po, from Kung Fu Panda, always love eating dumplings, because he have been visiting this spot for years. Recommendation: Get some water, because you want to balance your starch intake.  Why?  You will request for seconds.
Thank god I don't live nearby. I'd get so fat from eating the delicious dumplings. Fried pork and chive dumplings are 4 for a dollar. Boiled dumplings have a minimum order of 10, but are still 25 cents each. The sesame pancake is also a cheap delicious and greasy addition to your meal. They seem to have fried dumplings at the ready most of the time, but for anything else, you might have to wait a bit. It's worth being a little pushy to make sure you haven't been forgotten. This is about as close as it gets literally to a hole in the wall, so there's virtually no seating.
My first New York review and I knew it had to be this place. I went on Tuesday night after work, and there was a very tiny line (maybe 4 people ahead of me). There's seating on the two sides, but maybe for 5 people total. Because I am a loner, it was no problem finding a seat! I got the 5 pan fried pork and chive dumplings. I handed the man a dollar, and that was the end of our transaction. So it's a dollar, no tax! I poured some sriracha and took my first bite. HEAVEN! No soy sauce is needed. They were extremely flavorful and just so good. I can really live off these for the rest of the month seeing that I'm a poor recent  grad. If you're ever in the area, just come by and try some. You've got nothing to lose!
Can't believe I have yet to review, my favorite dumplings spot , dirt cheap and I always get a pork scallion pancake, one of the best snacks in the city and for only $2 , a dollar slice of pizza doesn't have any on it. Go and eat haha
I love their dumplings and the skin is much thinner than the ones at Vanessa's. Don't shoot me, but I like the filling at Vanessa's more. I wish I could combine the two... or that I felt like going to Flushing where I can get my favorite cheapo dumplings anytime. The sauce here trumps the one at Vanessa's hands down. You know what? I'mma go here tonight and try them again along with the sesame pancake and update this review.
One word, the Best dumpling in town.
My friend likes to think of himself as a dumpling master. So he dragged me here. It was a further walk than I thought and since we'd just gone crazy at Uniqlo, there was a lot of 'are we there yet's. We had some steamed pork and chive dumplings. So cheap. Just be warned that they are slippery and juicy little suckers.
Dirty little dumpling place? yes. Rude? yes Best sesame pancake ever?  YES
This place is great. The fried dumplings are ready almost instantly, while the boiled take about 15 minutes. I'd recommended going around 11 or 11:30, as it gets busy at the lunch rush. But it is definitely worth the wait. My only regret is not ordering more! I will be back though
Unbelievable prices. We accidentally ended up here on a Saturday when orders were flying around chaotically and there was a bit of a line, but it was still a great experience watching the frenzy in the kitchen while we waited. There are a few bar seats but we took our dumplings to go and ate in the park. Don't forget to slather your dumplings in soy sauce and sriracha before you go!
Prosperity get fives stars because of the following: 1. They have a fairly simple menu and they do their namesake well. 2. The value for deliciousness is off the charts....(menu items are well priced) 3. There is so much turnover that is does not take long to get a batch of HOT FRESHLY PAN FRIED pot stickers. As one friend put it, "I can take a taxi to Chinatown from Murray Hill, eat at Prosperity and eat well, and take a taxi cab back to Murray Hill, and it would still cost less for dinner than it would to grab carry out from any of the local restaurants in my area."
Oh I love you so, even though I unfailingly feel a little gross after chowing a whole order of fried pork dumplings.  The sesame pancake sandwiches are delectable, too, but I just cannot not order the dumplings when I come here.   I also love watching the super-efficient ladies at work.   If it's a nice Saturday, make sure to take your dumplings to go, and walk for a couple of blocks to the Sara D. Roosevelt park to watch urban bike polo.
Wow, these dumplings are as good as I've had anywhere in the states.  The only places I've had dumplings that compare are when I lived in China and Taiwan.  For $8, my partner and I had steamed dumplings, fried dumplings (also know as potstickers), dumpling soup, a sesame seed and chive pancake, and two drinks!  I dont believe any place could get compare to the value that this place has to offer.  More importantly, no place could probably compare to the taste as well.  These are as authentic as they get.  Get there as soon as you can, and I guarantee you'll be back again and again. One more thing, this place is TINY.  Best to get your food to go, and enjoy it at the park, or take their frozen dumplings home, and steam them yourself.
No... Don't let the cheap prices for dumplings fool you into stopping here. I thought about taking my mom to try this place because I heard of the great reviews. Unforunately we came here at the wrong time, just went school was out, and a line of children out the door. The front of the restaurant smelled so bad, there was also a line of trash around the side. The storefront was not very attractive, and hard to find parking near by. Not a place you want to take to impress someone, especially your mother, that just wants to go to a sit down place. This is not a restaurant, it is more like a bank of dumplings. You go up to the small counter window, and order some dumplings.. to go. Eat while standing up, not cute. Food looks questionable when pests are flying all around you. I really don't think I'll be back here again.
The dumplings were okay. The sesame pancake was okay. It was cheap, but ... I wouldn't go back.
Very delicious, and cheap. Fulfilled my dumpling cravings, great snack. Little crowded, and not a lot of place to sit down but over all worth it.
Best $1 for four dumplings in new york. So darn cheap and friend dumpling goodness. This place is super small, hot, but well worth going to. Can't get any better then this. Don't forget to try the sesame pancake too! It's pretty addicting as well.
Prosperity Dumpling needs no formal introduction. You've heard of it before...the only place you can stuff your face for $1. You can 3-5 dumplings for $1 depending on what kind you get. There isn't really a wrong choice here but I highly recommend the pork and chive fried dumplings. Throw some soy sauce and chili sauce on these delicious juicy treats and go! There are a couple of stools but it's always cramped and dim and it's only 5 dumplings...you can eat that really fast, can't you? While you're there, get a bag of 50 frozen dumplings for $9 so you can enjoy these dumplings in the comfort of your own home.
Was skeptical at first... Changed my mind after I walked in, handed the guy a one dollar bill, and received a plate of hot fried pork and chive dumplings in a matter of seconds. Put some sriracha on them, a bit of soy sauce, and went to town. Awesome. Wasn't expecting them to be that good, but they were really good. Not too doughy at all. Tried one of my friend's boiled dumplings, was good too... didn't try and of the vegetarian ones though, but they have them. Will try if I go back. Also has the sesame pancake (1.75 I think? or 0.75...) which somehow reminded me of a doughy sesame flavored pizza (with no cheese or sauce of course). I dunno, but it was good. Foolishly I ordered the dumplings in soup after this just for the hell of it. It was good, but uh, not in the middle of summer. That was dumb of me. Can see it being good in the winter though... but I'd probably just stick to straight up dumplings if I went back.
Can I just say, I fuckin LOVE this place! First off, the place is grungy as hell, like you can see the dirt, oil, and grease caked onto the walls. There is a ghetto booty fan in the corner that barely blows air. Clearly the ambiance is perfect. Then, the majority of the menu is in Chinese. Yes, they do have English, along side the Chinese characters, but that isn't the point. All you need to know is that a  #1 is 5 boiled chicken and chive dumplings and a  #2 is 5 pan fried dumplings. Now let's talk about the customer service! Oh wait... there is zero, but that's the best part!!! You just tell the little Chinese man behind the counter the number you want (he kinda screams, so don't stand too close) and he takes your $2 and shoves you a styrofoam box filled with a feast! Now, I will warn.... if you speak in English or act like a tourist, the little man behind the counter may ignore you or not give your order, but hey.... that ain't his problem, esp. if you are gazing off. Also yes... there is no seating, but that's great because after devouring  10-20 dumplings, you will need to be unbuckling your belt on your pants. And of course the food! The dumplings are cooked to perfection in their oily, greaseness! I tend to submerge mine in soy sauce, but they also have Sriracha. Then approximately 5-7 minutes later, you are full and in comatose! I also recommend the sesame pancake with beef. I like to think of it as a hybrid, one part scallon pancake and one part korean beef with carrots and lettuce. Too bad, I don't live any closer to Prosperity Dumpling, otherwise I might have cardiovascular failure! Oh Prosperity Dumpling how I love thee!
Um...I can get 8 veggie dumplings and a sesame pancake for less than $5?  And that's enough to feed both myself AND my dining partner?  Hecks, yeah! Prosperity Dumpling should not be missed!  Cheap, delicious and friendly.  What more could you want?
These dumplings makes me wanna smack my momma they r so good!!!!  The place def needs a make-over (hint hint abc, nbc, fox...)  I purchased 100 frozen dumplings and I eat a few every night!!!  Love prosperity dumplings!!!!
Good.  Not the best.
Deserves 4.5 stars!!!! 5 dumplings for 1 dollar what a DEAL!!! The place is a little shack with only one or two seats for eating. Yet every time I go to Prosperity there is a line and people eating outside in bliss and satisfaction. The dumplings come out really hot(temperature wise) so be careful. The flavors and Sauces available really hit palate; therefore, I believe that everyone who lives or comes to NY and decides to venture into chinatown must go here. Disclaimer: In appearance the place does look a little shady, but i Promise it's worth it and A Ok!!!!
Wow, I can't believe the quality you get for the money here! We got pork & chive dumplings (boiled and fried) and BBQ pork buns. They were all fantastic! And all for $6.25! Don't expect any seating but it's otherwise a great place.
This place is CHEAP. In a good way. It just boggled our minds! Our entire dinner, for 2, came to the grand total of $6.50. AND we had leftovers! This is the breakdown of what we ordered: - two orders (4 pieces) of the fried dumplings at $1 per order - one sesame pancake - one order of the boiled dumplings (9 per order) The dumplings were good, dense, and of healthy size. My husband wasn't too fond of the thicker skin, but I thought it made it feel more homecooked. Plus, depending on the region of China, not all dumpling skins are meant to be thin. Also, please note that this place is NOT fancy. It's a tiny hole in the wall, disorganized, crowded, hot, takes cash only, and you have to be diligent in checking up on your order, because they may or may not remember your order. In summary, I loved it there. The reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because of the thicker skin, which I acknowledge people may not like, and the fact that its crazy inside that restaurant. But some people might love it that way! Just check it out - it will be an experience, and a cheap one at that!
I finally made it down to Chinatown to give the famous Prosperity Dumpling a try. As I enter into the place I am thinking to myself that there is no way this place can possibly serve 5 dumplings for a dollar. Anyways, I make my way in and take a look at the very simple menu. It clearly states the prices but I still refuse to believe it. Since there a damn dollar I have no idea how many of these things I can actually eat so I decide to order 15. They bring out the hot steamy dumplings, I pay the THREE dollars and take my seat in the tinyyyy establishment. Now i'm not a "dumpling expert" but upon first bite I could tell these were something special. They were tasty, hot and fresh and I love this place. I got a snack/lunch that was freakin 2 dollars and it was tasty. Def a spot that's worth checking out.
I'm very sorry to disagree with the general joy here, but Prosperity Dumpling did not win my soul. I enjoyed my evening sitting by the space heater and contemplating life over a plate of dumplings, but at the end of it my palate remained unmoved.   They do serve dumplings, and they are cheap.  They also are a wee big soggy, lacking spice, and bordering bland.
I realized the 5th star only one day after when, back in NJ, I was craving that puffy/doughy focaccia-like delicious slice. Then I realized I paid 75c for it....and that our entire dinner was $4. Unreal. Twilight zone. Dumplings are juicy and creamy and absolutely fresh off the wok. Need to back for the veggie-stuffed pancake...
The main good thing about this place that it is cheap. I got the veggie dumpling, pork & chive dumplings along with a sesame pancake with veggies all for $4.75. Everything was good. So hit this place up if you are on a budget plus the service is fast and the food is good.
I had the fried pork and chive dumplings, it was very good. I can't really compare it to other dumplings because i'm not a big dumpling fan, but it was tasty, however, the presentation of the place wasn't the best. barely any seating, choked up,  doesn't look like the cleanest place, but hey, it's ridiculously cheap.
Hands down, a great place to get dumplings,soup and waffles for a great price. Like seriously, I'm from from Jersey and I dont mind paying 5-10$ just to go there. Making this reveiw short and concise, buy dumplings from there, and you won't regret it.
So many dumplings, so little money. The chef makes the batch right in front of you so you can salivate a bit before getting your chopsticks on these little balls of Heaven. I thought the sauce had too much vinegar in it, but hey, this place isn't called Prosperity Sauce. Go eat there. Seriously.
The PQR (price-quality ratio) is unbeatable and makes this place amazing.  I say stick to what they do best and that is the fried dumplings.  They are amazingly awful for you, but awesome. There isn't any real seating and in crowded times it is a total mess inside and line can get fairly long...but it's totally worth it.  I give it 4 because it isn't the cleanest of places and honestly I debate the fact it has the 'best' dumplings, just, the best PQR.
While I have no complaints about the prices at this dumpling place I feel compelled to offer an objective view of the food. The appeal of freshly prepared dumplings is to have hand-rolled skins that are not too thick and overly chewy, and this place certainly delivers in that regard. The meat filling, while acceptable for the price, does little to differentiate itself from the processed taste I've come to expect from frozen dumplings and cheap midtown takeout joints. The pork options are indeed juicy, but the taste is greasy and overly flavored with sesame oil and sugar. The cost savings really show up in the quality of the meat which at times contains those rubbery pellets of gristle/cartilage. The vegetable dumplings taste a bit dry because the filling is largely made up of chopped carrots and short on mushrooms and glass noodles. The seasoning is also very generous with the white pepper, too much so in my opinion. A great place for an inexpensive bite but don't expect any surprises especially if you've had real homemade dumplings before.
I can't stop eating here. It's delicious. And it's 4 for 1 dollar. And they don't speak English. At all. Walk in, pronounce a multiple of 4, hand the guy the equivalent number of 1 dollar bills, wait 30 seconds while he scoops you up some dumplings,  and enjoy. Nothing fancy, nothing to it. Good dumplings.
pros: Wow, so cheap. How is it even possible for them to make money? Have other people been making a fortune off of suckers who pay more than a buck for 5 dumplings? cons: I'm not a fan of chives, and their dumplings don't seem to come w/o them. overall: It's a grab and go kind of place. I'm not sure if I'll come back w/o my mom or someone who really appreciates this level of cheap and chive-filled food.
OK, these definitely have Vanessa's Dumplings beat...but since I have a bit of a stomachache now, I can't give it the 5 star rating that I would have. I had the Pork and Chive boiled dumplings and the Peking Duck Scallion Pancake (pause...wait a hot minute...now that I think about it, that seemed more like the pork and veggie pancake...I don't recall it being very duck-y.) Anyways, the pork and chive boiled dumplings were full of flavor and they did not skimp on the chives, which I liked. They were super juicy and the broth was very flavorful. The dumpling sauce is also not watered down like I have seen in other dumpling spots. Honestly, these were great even without the sauce and I am a condiment junkie so that is saying alot! The duck or pork scallion pancake was good, but lacking on whatever meat it had. It had plenty of nice veggies though and I loved the cilantro in there. The pancake was cooked perfectly, slightly chewy, not too greasy, just everything a doughy scallion pancake should be. For $1.75, I guess I can't complain too much about the scant bits of meat then. I did notice that they water down their sriracha tho, which I actually don't mind since the flavor is still strong but the heat is subdued. Very limited seating but I was able to get a seat during lunch and enjoy my food while it was still hot. I wish I didn't have a stomachache now, but I would come back and give it a try again! It's that good :)
5 delicious dumplings (chive and pork? my favorite, how did you knooooow?!?!)  for ONE DOLLAR?!?!  ...this is one of the few things I love about NYC.   I love that I can order a huge meal for both me and my bf, with dou jiang (soymilk), and stuff my face for under $10.  Their sesame pancakes are also really yummy.  nom!  Everything I've had here is delicious, and such great value--I anticipate coming back again and again :)
Summary:  The bad:  A touristy hole in the wall.  The good:  Cheap and tasty. 5 fried dumplings for a dollar.  10 steamed dumplings for two bucks.  What else do you want?  Maybe the Sesame Pancake with Pork for $1.75. The Sesame Pancake, alone, is a delicious piece of dough.  Add in the pork with some vegetables, and it's great.  The dumplings are fried so that they are slightly crispy on the outside while still decently tender on the inside. B+ dumplings, for 20 cents a pop.  Propserity Dumplings is one of the best value propositions for food in the city. Plus, I love the fact that they have Sriracha sauce sitting out there if you feel like sitting on a stool and dining in. Must Haves: $1 5 fried pork and chive dumplings $1 Sesame Pancake/$1.75 Sesame Pancake with Pork
Not spectacular, but satisfying and too great of a bargain to pass up. Yummy snack for trip back home.
Darn, this place is addictive. The dough isn't too thick like so many other dumpling places, and there's tons of meat inside. They live up to the hype. The service isn't super friendly, but the best dumplings ever..
After the dumpling festival failure, my buddy and I were on a mission for dumplings and so we navigated our way to Prosperity Dumpling for what turned out to be the best deal in town. Gladly, the line wasn't that long, maybe 15 people deep. That gave me time to compose my order. 5 chive and pork fried dumplings ($1), 10 chive and pork boiled dumplings ($2), 1 sesame pancake (75 cents), and a Snapple iced tea ($1.25 if I recall correctly). Finally getting to the front of the line and encountering the guy who takes the orders. He looks like he's about to have a nervous breakdown. He doesn't write down your order but stores it in his noggin and tries to keep your order along with anyone elses uncompleted orders in check. I'm afraid he's going to go bonkers and storm out of the place at any moment. So I wait for a new batch of dumplings to cook, each time I'm disappointed when a styrofoam container comes and it doesn't belong to me. After 15 minutes, I get my order and get out of there in a hurry. My buddy had already engulfed most of his dumplings in the light rain. Everything was wonderful and so filling. I should have added the sauces to the dumplings but didn't want to maneuver my way through the crowd to get back in. Sesame pancake was OK. Probably should have got it with meat instead. The value you get is tremendous and if I lived in NYC, this would be my go-to place for a snack, lunch, and/or dinner.
The food was super cheap here and $10 will go a long way. $2 will get you 10 fried dumplings and I think their soups were also about $2 as well. I thought that the food here was only ok but for the price, it was worth it. Don't expect warm and welcoming service here though. Like in many Asian restaurants, the mentality is to get customers in and out as quickly as possible.   Overall, I thought that the cramped spot was not really worth the extra venture away from the heart of China town. If you are just looking for a cheap spot to eat however, I do recommend them. Food: 3 Value: 4 Service: 2.5 Overall: 3
I think Manhattan is particularly good for one thing... overrating hole in the wall places! Had the dumplings... blend, dry, you can find way better down the block in chinatown the pancake... doughy, dry, you can also easily find better so why all the 300+ reviews and the 4.5 star rating? I really dont understand. you can get much better food for a few dollars more down the block. I know its CHEAP, but the money you save by getting the cheapest instead of good AND cheap is not worth it. just because this place is CHEAP and hole in the wall and deep inside chinatown, dosnt mean it deserves 5 stars. by now this place is not a secret anymore, everyone knows where to get the cheapest dumplins in chinatown, if you still rate this food 5 stars... well... that tells me enough about your palate. This is the ultimate proof how americans dont understand chinese food.
A satisfying meal less than $10?! In the City?! Yes! Yes! Definitely YES! This quaint little, and I mean LIT-TLE, shop is in Chinatown and if you blink your eyes, you might just miss it, because I almost did!! I ordered fried pork chive dumplings (4 pieces), egg and corn soup and Peking duck pancake. Since it was a $1, ONE DOLLAR, I figured the dumplings would be smaller, but it was regular size!! The flavor is so tasty that I didn't even need to add sauce! (there are two bottles available, vinegar and soy sauce). My friends ordered the soup dumpling, which came with 6 dumplings. So was I happy with my meal? Yes...and no. The fried dumplings were delicious! I do wish the wonton wrapper was thinner though. The egg and corn soup was solid, not bad, plenty of corn! The Peking duck pancake was disappointing. There was hardly any meat and it was just filled with julienne carrots. If you're around this part of Chinatown, give Prosperity Dumpling a try! Stick to the dumplings. Stay Hungry :)
As good as any in HK! Just don't expect to get a seat or to pay much.
GREATEST FOOD VALUE in NEW YORK, Maybe The WORLD, 5 Tasty Pork Dumplings for Just a BUCK ($1.00) ? You can't Beat it! For 2 Bucks you can have a whole meal. I Love it. ANd Don't forget I was the First Writer, Blogger, WHATEVER to Discover this place. It took other 1 Year and a half to catch up, just Like NOODLE TOWN which I DISCOVER 10 YEARS Before" MARIO BATALI" Ever knew what NEW YORK was.
The price of these dumplings helps me be prosperous. Trust me on this - get a pancake.
The dumplings were eh. The wonton soup was blah. I didn't care for the sesame pancake & ended up throwing it away. After going to Vanessa's Dumplings for the first time last week & Prosperity Dumplings this week, I honestly liked the taste of Vanessa's dumplings better (minus the fishy wonton soup). However, Prosperity is  cheaper then the Vanessa's on Union square. I'm not in a rush to go back to Prosperity  but I do plan on going back to Vanessa's today.
Shhhhhhh!!!! *whispers* Look, there's this place in China Town on Eldridge St. called "Prosperity Dumpling" that sells delicious dumplings for CHEAP. Shhhhh!!! *whispers* I know someone that knows someone and they told me about this place. *whispers* They sell five fried chive & pork dumplings for $1. And most of their menu items are no more than $2. Whatttttt???!!!  I know, I know that's crazy right? Shhhhhh!!! *whispers* Lets not get too excited. This secret is between you and me. Look just walk in and tell them I sent you. They will hook you up. Only certain people get this special deal so don't tell anyone. Besides there isn't much seating here anyone so don't be a big shot and bring a lot of people. Oh and pay cash. So there is no paper trail. If you know what I mean. ;-)
Prosperity because if you eat here 7 days a week you'll be happy & rich Dirt cheap, plump & perfectly fried or boiled Sure it's a sweatshop in there & god dosnt even know what kind of meat that really is but after drowning them in sirachi & soy sauce what difference does it make
Prosperity is amazing.  I like it.  Tiny storefront with $1 dumplings. Yum. I ate in the shop. I sampled pork and chive dumplings, sesame pancake (75 cents), and pork buns (4 for $1). I had one order to go and took the pork buns with me.  They have dumplings ready hot-in-the pot due to frequent customers stopping in. The dumplings were hot and crisp on the side. The filling is tasty. The potato pancake was hot and tasty too. I dipped it in soy sauce. Yum.   A student came in and kept saying "It's soo cheap. Soo cheap". lol.  The hot sauce and soy sauce had full flavored. I would definitely recommend you try Prosperity Dumplings. I've had been to Tasty Dumplings and to me, it's not as fresh as Prosperity.
These are by far the best 5 for $1 dumplings in Manhattan. If you don't like waiting in line, go close to closing time. The dumplings are just as good, and you'll actually have a seat inside! If you're into that sort of thing anyway. If you go midday and the place is crowded, there's a park/sketchy playground thing literally steps down the block. Beat it kids, that bench is mine!
Favorite place in Chinatown.  Still the best cheap eats in all of Manhattan.
Dinner for $4.50 and they make it right in front of you.  The dumplings are the best and the sesame pancake sandwich is as tasty as it gets. If there's a line wait it's worth it.
These dumplings are AMAZING. (That entire sentence was supposed to be in caps, but for some reason Yelp is not allowing me emphasize the sheer awesomeness of this dumpling place.) That is all.
This place would typically fall into the typical "hole in the wall" Chinese place, except for consistently long line that almost always extends at least several feel out the door.  That being said, there is almost little chance that you'd miss this place if you were on the right.  The inside of the place is tiny, with not very much standing room, and even less sitting room, due to the massive number of people who are just trying to get their orders in.   This place, as the name may give away, does dumplings, and they do them well and super cheap.  We're talking about 4 for a dollar cheap.  If you're just getting the regular fried ones, they can come out almost right away, and if by you're still wondering whether or not you want to come here after hearing about its monstrous popularity with the locals, the cheap, but even more importantly, delicious, food, then maybe you're just a dumpling hater.   While they do offer non-dumpling options, I didn't order them.  I just might next time, but it's such a hard sell next to 4 dumplings for a dollar.  This place also has/had an "A" sanitation grade, for those of you who mind that sort of thing.
Pick up delivery and pretend you cooked for about $10, OK, so hot date for $4.75 WTF? I mean if you can fake that you can cook dumplings-this idea is genus.  But you must eat them fast -so make sure to keep that in mind.   Hole in the wall, two side benches, about 3 stools. This is not the place you come to hang. This is the place you come to get tons of dumplings for CHEAP.  $2 FOR 8-10 dumplings? Made to order!! So fast and very tasty. You pretty much can order whatever you want on the menu and leave full, happy, and with a full wallet.  I'm not sure why the homeless people haven't taken over this place -they could have a fest from the money they make in an hour. The sesame pancake  -is SOOOO GOOD. I never order this, but it is incredible, it makes me hungry just thinking about that $1.75 piece of heaven. The fried pork and chive dumplings are very tasty.   A bag of 50 frozen dumplings for $9.  amazing prices. Great for late night bites, or take out. If only they delivered and made soup dumplings I would be in heaven!!  CASH ONLY  ;( no booze (but its so small you prob wouldn't stay there)
Best. Dumplings. EVER. Read about this place here on yelp when I was planning a trip to NYC and wanted to eat on the cheap. Not only was the food insanely cheap, but it was also amazing. Dumplings are some of my favorite food and I'm pretty picky about 'em, but was pleasantly surprised. Don't let the location or the look of the place turn you off. It's tiny and a little out of the way but worth the trip. We ate there  since we were starving, but get it to go if you can - it really is more of a pick up food and go kinda place. As far as price and value goes, my friend and I ate there together and shared our orders. It was more than enough food for the two of us (well, if we ate normally - we could have gone in for a second round it was so good!) We got two orders of dumplings (one steamed veggie and one fried pork), one piece of sesame bread, one piece of sesame beef bread and two sodas for a whopping $7.25! I know, what a ripoff, right?! Just make sure you bring cash - it's strictly cash only and we found ourselves lending a few bucks to some unsuspecting, unprepared customers who tried to pay with a card.
There's nothing I can tell you that hasn't been said already in the 450+ reviews of this place. - It is: cheap, fresh, fast, delicious....... did I mention CHEAP?! - It is NOT: sit-down friendly, clean, service-oriented. you aren't tipping/paying for that, ha-ha DIY - Bought a $8 bag of 50 frozen dumplings to try at home, but it just didn't taste the same. Even added some chicken and beef bullion to enhance the flavor...but nada. Next time, I'll let the pros handle it and order to-go. Nothing a little microwaving can't fix! MmmMmmMm, 5 stars! P=
5 fried dumplings for $1. It was ok, tasty but the skin fell apart on me. Stick your arms out and do a 360. That's the entire customer service area. Not bad, but made for the super fast grab n go crowd, as they always have dumplings in their wok ready to be scooped up.
Okay, you're right... these aren't the best dumplings, by far.  By why do they consistently get 4 & 5 stars?  It's a value to tastiness ratio, and it's pretty damn high.  $2 and 10 dumplings later, I am usually full.  I could spend $2 on a store bought can of beans and buy some rice and make it myself, but then I would have a thoroughly UNENJOYABLE meal.  But $2 at Prosperity Dumpling gives me a surprisingly enjoyable one.  So read the naysayers reviews with a grain of salt and just go try Prosperity for yourself.  What have you got to lose?  A measly two bucks?
oily, meaty, cheap, fast dumplings.
Always love NY Chinatown for cheap eats! Since this was next door to my friends apt, it was a great place to grab some cheap noms without breaking my wallet. However I hated how crowded it always is. There's other dumpling places around I would go to if it weren't for the 15 degree weather and black ice haha
This place is so good. The $1 dumplings are really juicy and the skin is crispy and thick. The boiled dumpling is also really good. The inside is also very flavorful. Definitely use a spoon or chopsticks because you don't want to poke a hole in any of the dumplings or else the juice will flow out. I wish I stayed in Chinatown.
I recommend coming here during rush hour.  The line is shortest then. Atmosphere:  Typical Chinese takeout- divey, kind of unbeautiful and dead-smack in the middle of a dodgy 'hood. Staff:  Abrupt, to the point and not the most polite.  But you're there to get food, not exchange pleasantries. Food:  I ordered the fried dumplings and two sesame pancakes (which was a bit of a mistake cos one is thick enough to fill ya). All for the grand total of $3.  The dumplings were crispy and the filling was flavourful and tender.  And the sesame pancakes had the right amount of crunch on the outside, fluffiness on the inside.  I was pleased (and stuffed).  Didn't need to cook dinner when I got home (and it's a long commute to get there from Chinatown).     I'll definitely return and bring a few homies.
I'm obsessed with these dumplings!!! 5 for one dollar! What?! I repeat, 5 for 1 dollar! What the heck kind of crazy deal is that? Hopefully they are making decent profit margin with prices that low. The experience itself is half the fun. A tiny, hole in the wall type place with a line out the door. That being said, we didn't have to wait very long at all. They are pumpin' out those dumplings at a high rate. Do yourself a favor a go here immediately if ever in the area.... it'll be the best buck you ever spend. Who are we kidding, you know you are going to spend 3 and get 15. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me.
Dirty little hole in the wall in Chinatown. The dumplings are good and dirt cheap. We had 8 dumpling for 2 bucks. I wish they had some seafood dumplings.
Just like my reviews of the one in Brooklyn. This is as equally good. You cannot beat 5 Dumplings for $1!!!! Just grab a few bucks a drink and your ready to roam Chinatown!
Kind of obsessed. $1 for 5 fried dumplings THAT ARE FAT AND JUICY AND AMAZING. $2 for 10 boiled FATTY dumplings. NOM NOM cannot wait to try more stuff and eat here more and more. YUM.
Total hole-in-the-wall, totally worth it! Tiny locale, order to go. Super prices, perfect dumplings. Can't go wrong! Try the vegetable sesame pancakes. One star off for lack of variety of dumplings (only vegetable or pork).
What a difference a few weeks makes.   Took the trek down in the snow with the bestie raving to her how good these dumplings were.  My beloved counter guy was not there and the young lady at the counter looked confused when I asked for fried vegetable dumplings.  Looking as if she were going to make them for me, a very large girl (can't really describe her better than that) rudely said no and called the next person to order (that customer had manners and refused until I was tended to) I won't patron them again.  Will stick with Vanessa's in Union Square when I need a dumpling fix.
My son wanted to eat in Chinatown- google search gave us this suggestion. Food was cheap! Considering what tourists like us shell out - family of five ate for $10. I had the vegetable dumplings - delicious! Fried and boiled pork dumplings received high marks from family. Noodle soup was very good too. Constant flow of customers - very limited seating. We headed to Little Italy for dessert. My son was glad we squeezed in a stop to Chinatown during our NYC visit and I was happy with this little find.
Cheap as fuck, not as good as it used to be. Its pretty annoying when all your dumplings are stuck together. The skin is sometimes too thick, but at least theres a crunchy bottom. But if youre paying a dollar or so anyways, so what can you even expect? With that said, it's still really good, but oily. It's about as NYC Chinatown as it gets!
Very cheap dumplings and other tasty fare. Quick, tasty.   Consider this place more like a food truck than a restaurant; it's get-in-get-out.   Enjoy!
Solid dumplings. The chives pancake was a bit too greasy for my taste, but the dumplings more than made up for it. I also love the fact that there are a total of four seats in the place.  They mean business, so get your dumplings, shut up and eat.  Don't worry, once you start eating these dumplings you'll forget about whatever you were talking about.
5 dumplings for a freaking dollar?! what planet do we live in. How is it possible that I can get a whole meal for $2...If I lived closer to chinatown I'd prob go here every other day. The dumplings are great, ingredients taste fresh, and you can buy 50 frozen ones to bring the goodness home. Be warned though...this place isn't a sit down place. You're going to be either getting take out or sitting on some dirty stools eating hot food over a counter. But what does it matter? Good food at dirt cheap prices overrules nice ambiance, in my on-a-budget-med-school-student opinion.
This place is super small but my boyfriend and I were able to grab a seat. Ordered a couple things (dumplings, pancakes...) and the total ended up being a little over $5 (not quite sure how much we paid but it was roughly around $5). DIRT CHEAP. Great place to go if you're on a budget but want good food.
Don't come here for the decor or exceptional service. But 10 dumplings for $2.50!? You can't beat that. And they're pretty damn good too. Like you could serve those bad boys at a legit restaurant and people would impressed. Their Hot and Sour soup is really good too. Don't get their sesame pancake though. The better version of that is down the street at Vanessa's.
Incredibly fast, ridiculously cheap, and absurdly delicious. What more could you want? Go for the boiled pork and chive dumplings.
This place is a great deal, which I appreciate, but it is also an extremely stressful situation coming here. The lines are usually crazy long considering how cramped and tiny the space is. I don't think I could ever imagine wanting to sit down here seeing as it's stuffed with people and loud as heck when the cashier is taking orders. It's ok though, because the park is nearby and you can always take your dumplings there. As everyone says, the prices have gone up but it's still a good deal considering we're still technically in NY. The dumplings are a decent quality; however the soy bean milk is just strange. So soy bean milk was my favorite drink growing up and I would, without hesitation, always order it when I'm at a Vietnamese restaurant. $1 for a small soy bean milk seemed like a good deal to me, but it comes in a round take out container and it comes hot! I'm used to my soy bean milk coming cold in a cup. This soy bean milk also is unsweetened, which takes away all the fun of soy bean milk. Maybe it's a cultural difference, but I am never ordering the soy bean milk again.
You know what's a great snack?  Dumplings.  YES, always say yes to dumplings.  Don't resist the fattymonster in you and never say no to dumplings!  Especially here anyway.  After stuffing my face out all morning, I still have room for some more.  (I was on an eating tour.) Awesome filling, perfect thin skin, and at a cheap cheap price. Don't forget to get a sesame pancake to snack on while waiting for your main snack!
Space is very cramped but a good option for cheap dumplings. I would however stay away from noodle soups -- too hard to eat in such a cramped space and the broth lacked real flavor.
Praise the Lord for I have finally tried the ultimate dirt cheap eat. After the recommendation from a friend a few years back, I was able to make a trip to Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown with promises for 5 for $1 dumplings. Little did I know 3 people could successfully have lunch for $5 with variety as well. The 3 of us ordered 10 pork and chive dumplings fried, 10 boiled, and 1 order of a scallion pancake. As i've mentioned, dumplings were 5 for $1 and the order of scallion pancake was $1 as well. Upon placing our order, we secured some seating along the wall of the store and marveled at the sight of the cooks frying dozens of dumplings in almost an arms length in diameter wok filled with oil. After the batch of dumplings were completed they put the scallion pancake with a diameter just fitting the wok of oil making a pancake about the size of a standard large NY pizza. The fried dumplings were crispy and juicy with meat flavor running out after the first bite, not to mention leaving your lips glistening with oil. condiments were scattered along the walls including sriracha and soy sauce. The fried dumplings were definitely better than the boiled. As for the pancake, it seemed that the slice we were served was cut open and stuffed with some pickled vegetables and cilantro. I've never had scallion pancakes served that way, but I am now a believer. In summary I am both sad and glad that I'm a couple hundred miles away form Prosperity Dumpling. Sad for missing out of regularly cheap greasy and delicious food, glad for the sake of my health.
I had to go given the yelp reviews and it was pretty much what I expected. The place has a few stools inside but no one was sitting on them given how crowded it was already inside. The place looks like it has a constant line, but its not that bad. One note of warning is that the portions are huge. We ordered four orders of dumplings for the two of us and didn't even come close. Also, you have to try one of the scallion pancakes- so delicious. One other tip is to order by number- its a lot easier to remember what you want. Most people seemed to be getting the number 6 or 7, and if you order only those you get served a lot faster as they have them ready. We ordered the shrimp dumplings and so we had to wait around 10 minutes. If you are looking for a place to sit and eat there is a park a few blocks away with plenty of benches.
I was expecting this place to be a sit down restaurant, but glad it wasn't because we were on a tight schedule. I had the fried dumplings and it was really good and so cheap. :)
5 dumplings one dollar crispy bottom hot soy milk hot and sour soup sesame pancake heaven on earth
Prosperity Dumpling is a complete and total Chinatown Dive...in one of the best possibly ways. A small 3-4 foot counter stands in front of the kitchen with room for (at best) 4-5 customers to congregate and order. If you're looking for a place to dine in keep moving because Prosperity isn't it. Sure there are small counters on each side of the restaurant but you'll be lucky to fit one person at each counter and you WILL bump in to those in line. When it comes to prices at Prosperity you have to wonder what type of rent control from heaven scenario they have going on because these prices are cheap! I know that dumplings can't cost that much to make but come on, they're practically giving them away! Take advantage of these rock bottom prices and order a little bit of everything that your heart desires. In case you're still having trouble deciding allow me to assist. If you visit Prosperity on a cold winter's night such as I did you can't go wrong with the soup dumplings. Now, don't think traditional soup on the inside of the dumping. These soup dumpling are plump, thick and chewy skinned pork and chive filled dumplings floating in a hot and delicious broth that you can't help but drink right out of the container. When I say drink right out of the container I'm talking about 5ft from the entrance, chop sticks in hand, pounding back these dumplings as if it's our last meal on earth. Don't judge, no one could wait to get these dumplings home! Soup not your thing? You can try pretty much any other dumpling on this menu (I recommend fried) and you'll be amazed at the flavors you experience. If you're not already drooling get down to Prosperity and take a deep breath. You'll get what I'm saying...
This place is the best ever for tastiness to cost ratio. Each dumpling is effectively 25 cents and you buy them in a minimum of $1 orders. You can get 3 pork buns for $1. You can get a medium slice of pizza sized sesame peking duck pancake for $2 and it is amazing. Taste on an objective scale I would say is 7/10 for the dumplings and 7.5/10 for the sesame peking duck pancake, but definitely 5 Yelp stars for the overall store. There is very very limited seating (entire store seats like 5 ppl, so get your food and go!
Dollar Dumplings, not dollar dumpling.   Fast and easy service.  Just walk up, order and pay when you get the food.  What more can you ask for.  It was cheap and good, but I suggest eating it there rather than keeping it in the bag to eat on a bench in Central Park like we did.  It can get quite soggy depending on which one you purchased.
4 delicious dumplings for $1. Sesame pancakes are really yummy. Enough said. Oh actually one more thing, since the eats are cheap, PLEASE TIP WELL!
Pork Fried Dumplings: 5 for $1!!! Sesame Pancake: $1!!! Boiled Pork Dumplings: 10 for $2!!! That's a total of $4, cheaper than the smoothie I got right before from a cafe.  I think the pork fried dumplings taste much better than the boiled ones.  The boiled dumplings were a bit too salty for my taste.  But yea, the fried dumplings and sesame pancake are awesome. I took my meal outside and found a table/chair to sit at.  Then I saw a "leaf" drift by.  Tried to forget about it when I realized it was actually a RAT.  THE  BIGGEST RAT I'VE SEEN IN MY LIFE.  It scurried to the park behind me. Dirty.
The potstickers are good, but I liked their sesame pancakes much better. Only problem is that it's a little too oily.
Better bang for your buck than Vanessa's at 5/$1.  Tried the pork n chive and it tasted just like Vanessa's Dumpling House on Eldridge ...and was just as greasy.  Anyone that yelps the ability to taste a difference either has the palate of Tony Bourdain or is a fibbin' tool.  Enjoy them both -  to go - since neither place has "ambience" or "seating".
The food was great, and for a great price.  Fast, friendly service.  Be ready, though - it's a hole-in-the-wall and there's very limited seating.  It's not too bad if the weather's good, though, as there are a few parks with benches nearby.
Fast, cheap and tasty, what more could you ask for?  The space is very small so you may feel squished or overwhelmed if you dine-in.   The dumpling filling was flavorful and the consistency of the dough was very chewy mmm MM.  Too bad that the pan fried option is only for pork dumplings =/.  The sesame pancake is pretty darn good too.  Will definitely be back for more and to try their noodle soup.
The fried pork and chive dumplings at Prosperity may be the best dumplings on Earth. Whatever you do, remember, fried pork and chive. Order these even if you don't usually eat pork or fried food. Congratulate yourself on doing something for you. As you bite into one of our tasty little friends, glimpse enlightenment.
This place has great food and its cheap.  The place is tiny and has probably 6 stools total, but the dumplings here are just delicious. 5 fried dumplings for $1 (or 10 boiled dumplings for $2) is just an amazing price.  The fried dumplings have a meat filling that's quite tasty.  The skin of the dumpling is thin, and perfectly pan fried on the bottom.  It's a nice contrast of textures and makes for a great dumpling.   If you've had good dumplings before, these won't blow your mind, but they're quite good. I also had the sesame pancake with beef.  This was just an okay item.  The pancake itself was served somewhat cold, leaving a lot to be desired.  The filling was good and reminded me a bit of a vietnamese sandwich.  For $1.75 its a great price for a lot of food.  I also had the hot soybean milk which was also good, if not average. I came here with a couple friends and we ended up spending $4 each for lunch and we were stuffed.  A good meal for a great price.
5 dumplings for $1. Don't know how they squeeze out some profits, but when you are broke, here you go for a meal. Tiny store, basically people order to take out at the counter. cash only. you literally stand and sit next to a trash can. The fried prok and chives dumplings are better than the steam ones, the fried ones are way more flavorful. They also have the hot mung bean congee, but too bland. Very well-seasoned, fillings were balanced between the amount of meat and vegies. Honestly, dumplings here are much much much better than other expensive places. But for this price in NYC, be realistic about what you are eating.
This was one of my most satisfying meals during my time in Manhattan. I had the fried pork dumplings which were plump, juicy, flavorful and satisfying, and I didn't even care I was eating them standing up across the street in front of an empty school like a rabid animal. They came out hot and fresh, and I was definitely thankful a friend was sent into the crazy foray occurring inside the box that was their store. I got a bite of the sesame pancake which was a bit too doughy and too sesame-y for my taste. The pork bun was good as well. The steamed dumpling were more juicy, but I preferred the crispiness and flavor of the fried ones. Cheap, satisfying, and would be one of my staples if I lived in the city. I don't know if that would change had I been thrown in the box of dumpling madness.
The pork dumplings were the real deal. Fresh, hot and delicious. The pork was perfectly seasoned and for $1 you can't go wrong. The sesame pancake with pork took patience. What I mean is, the first few bites were just the pancake. No filling. Then you hot the filling and it really gets good. Seasoned pork with pickled shredded veggies. Delicious. Highly recommended, especially for the price.
We all know dumplings are my favorite food!  Not much I can say that has not already been said 992 times.  This place is great.  Get some for now and a big bag of frozen dumplings for later.  I always grab a few hundred before heading out of NY.
good staff!
It's really cool standing back and waiting for my dumplings to be prepared. The guy, presumably the owner takes your order immediately as you walk up to the counter and knows exactly how long each menu item will take and depending on how late it's getting he will tell ya it will take too long and offer you something that's faster. They only take cash if course. Now a review if the dumplings. They had no flavor to them realty perhaps because if mass production they have lost their quality measurement. This is a place for college kids looking to get full on the cheap.
These dumplings were great. I had the vegetarian boiled dumplings - They were relatively healthy, low salt (until I added soy sauce...), filling, good quality dumplings. It could use a bit more flavor on the inside of the dumplings, but I didn't mind because I could tell exactly what was in it. The prices have gone up though. It was 2.50 or 3$ for 8 veggie dumplings, still not bad though
4.5 stars I had to do a double-take.  Was I in Beijing? I'm in a cramped hot hole in-the-wall, so it's definitely possible. There are only 5 barstools.  I just got kneed in the back a couple times while eating because of the line.   How in the world did I just eat 5 delicious fresh made dumplings for ONE dollar?   Is this some street market in Hunan? I consider myself a dumpling purist, and almost never add any other sauces, soy or sriracha, etc. when eating.  The flavor of the dumpling should be enough by itself, and this is where Prosperity passes the test.  Try not to think too much about where the meat comes from, but its seasoned adequately, juicy, but allows the flavor of the chives to come through.   They actually have quite the varied menu too, whether you're in the mood for soups, sesame sandwiches, etc.  They even make veggie dumplings to appease the manhattan crowd. The pancake is cilantro-heavy, light on the meat, doughy, and still a steal at $1.75.  But honestly, don't bother ordering anything else.  It's only $1, so there should be no reservations to trying this place.  Just think of it as a lottery scratch-off ticket that's a winner every time. Food (5/5) Decor (Hole-in-a-wall) Service (Gruff) Value (Walmart-esque)
Prosperity Dumpling is 1000% hands down worth it. 5 fried dumplings, 10 boiled dumplings, 8 soup boiled dumplings, and a roast duck sesame sandwich was a breakfast feast for 2 with dumplings left over. And all for less than $7.50!!! The fried dumplings here was way better than Vanessa's Dumpling. Just sit there and watch the people work. The ladys in the back making dumplings. pan of dumplings cooking, the man perfectly scoops 5 dumplings into a container each time. They have it down here! Will def come back for dumplings on my next visit.
Pros: cheap, fast food.. the dumplings are hot and tasty.  I wouldn't bother with the scallion pancakes- they were just OK. Cons: small place.  On a nice day, I would order to go and have a dumpling picnic somewhere.  Also, it's not the best neighborhood... I don't know.. I'm some what of a clean freak...  so, again.. I would suggest ordering to go and then enjoying your dumplings in the confinements of a clean, serene environment.
wonderful food! We love the dumplings. We would definitely go to this place again
I am not a fan of dumplings, but I like Prosperity Dumplings. First off, it's insanely cheap. So cheap it literally blows my mind. Five dumplings for $1, how is that even possible!? The dumplings are pretty good. I'm glad they're not only filled with meat, like many places make 'em. They also offer scallion pancakes, the thick kind, which taste good fresh and home-made soymilk. However, it's more of a to-go place; there are only two seats in the room. It gets really crowded and it's a bit unsanitary. Everything is really greasy, so healthy-eaters beware! Also, it's a bit of a walk from all the other Chinatown places.
Really cheap and delicious. If I lived in New York, this would be a frequently visited spot. Great for people watching while you eat yummy dumplings for a buck.
Do I even need to write this review? Even if the line is out the door, it goes quickly and you'll have piping hot dumplings in minutes. The one thing I love about this place is that demand is high and there is such a high volume of customers, every order you get is as fresh as can be. Their soups are also tasty and underrated. The wonton broth is not your typical Chinese takeout golden yellow soup; it's pretty fresh, has seaweed, light seasoning, and plentiful wontons. It's the perfect winter pick-me-up. But yeah, just go. Spend that $3 and get the quickest, freshest, and cheapest meal in Chinatown.
Dirt cheap. One of the best bangs for your buck you'll find in the city.  Being a witness to a homeless man lining up next to a guy from Wall Street speaks volumes about the pricing and food quality. The Highlights : ~Fried pork and chive dumplings (make sure to ask for the hot sauce). ~The sesame beef pancake.
Chen, the man at the counter, has terrible English and is hard to understand. That being said, these dumplings are better than any dumplings I've ever eaten. By "ever" I mean EVER: better than any dumplings I had in Monterey Park, Hacienda Heights, Alhambra, and even the entire island of Taiwan; also included are the dumplings my mom makes. Their beef pancakes are also on point. If you're nearby I suggest you stop by and give this place a try!
Among the best dumplings I ever had.  Blows away most casual restaurants that serve them as pork potstickers.  I perfer the fried but the boiled dumpling are delicious as well. The prices are unbelievable. Giving it 5 stars for the combination of quality and price.
(feedingumi.com/2009/11/p…) It's a bit of a hike from both Canal and Grand St. stations. However, it was well worth the trouble. In a small hole in the wall with only 5 seats lined against the wall, there was a little dumpling house that sells piping hot plump pork and chive dumplings (THERE ARE vegetable dumplings, although I don't know if you would really go to Chinatown for strictly vegetarian food). It was delicious and pretty damn large. However, what you can't beat is the price. Five delicious pan fried dumplings for $1. You can also get 10 boiled dumplings for $2. Sesame Pancakes for $0.75. Seriously. We ordered dumplings for 2 w/ sodas that filled us up for under $5. Then, we bought 50 frozen dumplings for $8. You know, because it was that good and it beats any gyoza we get at the Japanese store. Just don't mind the surly man behind the counter who will throw money back at you. You know, cause it's Chinatown.
cheap-ass dumplings.  lets see, $1 for 5, $1.75 sesame pancakes with your choice of meat, another $1.25 for hot and sour soup.  yup, you could get a one cheap meal here.  its quite tasty also.  i watched them make the sesame pancake from scratch.  its like an art-form almost. i like how the 1 star reviewer of this place tells us not to take a date here.  yeah no shit einstein.  you must be one lonely lonely man to even consider that.  its like telling us not to take a date to burger king or mickey d's.  it goes without saying, so save the girl advice please you playa.  and the 2 star reviewer tells us the skin of the dumpling is too thin.  if anything, if its a bit on the thick side.  we're not taking dumpling advice from a white boy anyways.  yes i'm reviewing other reviews now apparently. prosperity is what it is, cheap tasty dumplings for a quick lunch or a late night snack.  there are a few seats with counter space here but i wouldn't recommend sitting here.  its very very small and feels cramped.  get it and eat it while you walk.  5 stars prah-s-pewity dumplings.
A lackluster imitator in Boston's Chinatown reminded me of my numerous trips here for the yummy pork & chive dumplings that literally cost next to nothing!  The dumpling skins have a lovely crispiness that gives way to juicy, savory goodness inside.  For those where 5 or 10 isn't enough, you can grab frozen 50-count bags to go for plenty of nommage in the comfort of your own home.
Where can you get a good, huge $2.75 meal in New York City? Prosperity Dumpling. Ten dumplings plus a sesame pancake. The dumplings are freshly fried, and the sesame pancake is really flavorful. There's kind of no beating this place for value... possibly anywhere in America.
I ate here at this pleasant Chinese restaurant during my first visit to NYC. The pizza and cheese steaks are out of this world!  I especially like to franks red hot they put on their wings served with a cold one. The football games on big screens are a plus as well. Lastly, the take out garlic and chicken is great. The mozzarella sticks are the BOMB.  If you like Chinese food, I recommend you pass. Chinese food,wings,and beer will make you explode.
This place is the real deal. For 2-3 dollars, you can get a massive amount of deliciousness. I opted for the vegetarian soup dumplings this time around and was incredibly satisfied. I have to admit, I was a bit jealous of my friend's pork and chive dumplings, so I'll definitely be back to try those. New late night food spot, HAYYY. Maybe this will keep me from inhaling an overload of pizza after a night out.......wishful thinking.
Can't beat the price! I can't even think of what you can get for $1 nowadays that is AS good as these dumplings! What I do to prevent my dumplings from getting soggy, is flip the lip open, make my sauce in the lid flap, not over the dumplings. Add some sauce along with sriracha. They also offer some sugar over the counter, I usually sprinkle it over the dumplings then dip it into the sauce. Yummy goodness for $1.
Hmm..I'm pretty sure I didn't receive 10 dumpling for $2 as everyone else is claiming. It was more like 5 or 6 (enough to fill a small styrofoam box) but whatever, it's a petty point to make. The dumplings are pretty good, especially considering the price. I wish they had a sauce that wasn't spicy. The only options are red hot sauce and a black one that is a bit milder but still spicy, but I wish there was a green sauce or something not hot at all. My only real complaint is that you will wait a while for your dumplings. And if you are non-Chinese and some Chinese people come in for dumplings after you, they will get their order first. It's not very democratic, but what kind of service do you expect for $2? Overall, the dumpling's are fine, but I would rather spend some extra money to not have to wait in the very claustrophobic space!
So... I don't want to think about the quality of the ingredients used in making the dumplings. For I fear it will compromise the sheer prosperous feelings I had after eating those delicious dumplings. It's a nice little hole in the wall, I miss NY now. Thank you Prosperity Dumpling.
It's kind of touristy, honestly. The dumplings are good--excellent, compared with the rest of the things that pass for dumplings around here--but they're not divine. These are the best dumplings I've had so far in New York. I got some fried dumplings and some steamed; they're interesting, but the thing that really makes dumplings good is thinner skins, and the skins here are thick and amazingly chewy--which is good for fried dumplings but disappointing, for boiled ones.
A hole in the wall, you don't eat here but it's a good place to get dumplings to go. The pan fried dumplings, 5 for 1 dollar are good. Most of the time, their hot and sour soup is excellent. Service isn't always very friendly, but it's fast. They now also serve shrimp dumplings that are great.
This place is amazing. I especially like to buy the big bag of frozen dumplings to take home. Only $8 for 50 dumplings!
Cheap and delicious. Get the pork and chive soup dumplings. The best! The sesame duck pancake was not impressive. Not by any means a restaurant, just a few stools with a counter. Not a lot of space nor is it the most sanitary... Which explains the lack of a star.
The price to dumpling ratio is pretty fantastic. Veggie dumplings are good, I wish they had fried veggie dumplings though (if they did I totally missed it). There's not much to say here that hasn't already been said. If you want some cheap dumplings and are in chinatown drop by and grab some. They are cheap and plentiful and tasty.
The thing that is so astonishing about this place is the cost and value.  Seriously, i was gawking at the menu and it's crazy low prices.  I felt like I was living in the 70s or something.  How can it be so cheap?  Everything on the menu is under $3!!!!!   I had the chives n pork fried and boiled dumplings.  I liked the boiled more but both were very satisfying.  If someone could help me out here, these dumplings had that specific chinese-y taste.  I can't figure out what it is, it's this distinct chinese flavor that can ONLY be found in chinese food.  These dumplings has that taste!  Someone please school me.. Stuffed sesame pancake was a little dry, but it's still good being only a dollar.  Just try it, but I wish there was some sort of sauce that came with it.  I just used hot sauce but I think hoisin would be excellent.  I'm taking some with me the next time I go. My sister bought the 50 frozen pack ($8) to bring home.  We didn't have a steamer so we simply just boiled them, which tasted awesome!  And fried them too; tastes exactly the same- and even better for a midnight snack.  Or when you have the crazy munchies.. heee..hee..
This is a fun little excursion: Friday night, Boyfriend and I want to meet up for dinner, so I decide to pick something from my Yelp bookmarks, a list that is expanding at a disturbingly rapid place. Having not had Chinese in awhile, I suggest we meet at Grand St and confer before choosing a final destination. Secretly, I want dumplings. I mean, it's the cheapest thing I've ever seen on Yelp, and it's dumplings, which are delicious. Sounds perfect, right? Of course, in all my careful bookmarking, I had neglected to make note referring of the hole in the wall nature of this sort of Chinese dumpling house. Boyfriend, on the other hand, is chock-full of Chinatown savvy, and does his best to gently dissuade me from selecting this as our dinner destination. As a compromise, we decide that a bite at Prosperity Dumpling can serve as our appetizer course, and that we will still get a real meal elsewhere, (Congee Village, as it turned out). This is a great idea. There is nothing quite so satisfying as food priced like you are getting it at the 99 cents store. Five dumplings for a dollar, and a decent sized wedge of sesame pancake for only $0.75 makes Sarah a happy girl, and a cheap date. (For the record, I buy, both dumplings and dinner, on this particular evening). And need I say delicious??? I think not!!! In the end, the bare bones nature of this little shop is a little unappetizing, so I'd recommend taking your food out to the park to eat. We weren't able to, as it was raining when we were there, which will not come as a surprise to anyone who's been in New York the past few weeks. Luckily, Prosperity Dumpling is here to bring a little sunshine into your life!
Fried Pork Dumplings. Fresh. Crisp. Juicy. Hot. Tasty. 5 for $1.00. Sesame Pancake Fresh. Fried. Big. Slightly doughy. Slightly salty. Slightly greasy. $1.00 each. Cheap. Quick. Delicious. Nuff' said.
$2 for 10 dumplings?! I'm actually obsessed with this tiny hole in the wall place. The dumplings are perfection (steamed or fried) especially with some delish rooster sauce. This place sometimes has a line because it's so popular but it goes quick I promise. Where else can you get full for $2? I know they have other stuff there but I have not tried it, just dumplings yum.
Cheap cheap cheap, and so delicious! The sesame pancakes are phenomenal - get the duck. And the dumplings are great for the price (not the best I've had, but GREAT for $0.20 a piece). It is a hole in the wall (literally only 5 seats, two of which are basically in the doorway), so don't expect to sit down to eat.
It's not much for appearances, but let me tell you...Prosperity will not disappoint. If you have less than $3 in your wallet, you've come to the right place. You can literally eat till your heart's content on a few bucks. Just don't expect a place to sit....and be ready for a line at lunch time. If you have the time to wait, you definitely won't be disappointed. Try the chive and pork fried dumplings or the sesame pancakes. Yay for Chinatown!
I must say that I have had a really bad experience here.. one because my order was $2.00 worth of steamed/boiled dumplings came to me within no time but... surprise surprise.. it was still raw... Not too happy about this but from all the dumplings I have eaten in chinatown... that is a very bad thing.. and also a very weird mistake... This mistake should not have been made.. There were only 4 people waiting for their food. The place is really small and yes it has seating but honestly take it to go..  Since there are about 2k reviews... I'll think about coming back and reviewing them again but it will have to take some time!! **PTSD** lol
I've been trying dumplings around the City for a number of years.  IMHO, Prosperity Dumpling is number 1.  The dumplings are SO tasty and cheap!  But try the pork buns if you really want to swoon ..... and any of these cheap dumpling shops are going to require you find the soy sauce on the counter and help yourself.  At their prices, you want them to do EVERYTHING for you?   Seriously - go on over there on a nice day, brave the lines, then go find someplace in the sun to sit and enjoy your goodies.  And you can also buy a big bag of frozen dumpling goodness and take 'em home to your freezer ..... I guarantee that they won't last long!
Not that this place needs more good reviews but I want to say my 2 cents anyway. Best sesame pancake I've ever had. Good as plain, or pork sandwich style. You can even buy a whole bunch of the pancakes, and go home and make your own sandwiches from them! Dumplings are pretty good too but the #1 awesomeness item here I think is the sesame pancake. This place should be called prosperity pancake. I wish I lived closer to this place. I would definitely get my sesame pancake + a bowl of hot soymilk every morning. The hot n sour soup is alright...but the pancake is enough to get me to come back to this place. I think i've typed pancake in almost every sentence of this review. If you can't take the hint....please try the sesame pancake. You won't be disappointed :)
What more could u ask for! 5 pork dumplings for a dollar?!?! We got the fried pork dumplings. They were fresh and good! They put alot of meat in the dumplings too!  I have to say it's a bit too greasy tho. The other customers also recommended the sesame pancake with vegetables (we didn't get to try it since it was late at night and they ran out :( ) I took off one star because there are only 6 seats and NO AC on a hot summer night! Good for take outs or eat standing up or on the go
These people are awesome!  The dumplings are the freshest, juiciest pork nugget morsel I've ever put in my mouth! We didn't stop there! We also tried the breakfast sesame pancake wrapped with crispy pork, fried egg topped with a sprinkle of cilantro and julienne carrots.  DELICIOUS! He steams the pancakes as you wait, so every time you're in, he's making a fresh batch. Sat here for breakfast and counted 15 people in 5 minutes! One man counter, with four to five in the back frying, rolling, kneading dumplings, and there was never a wait. IMPRESSIVE!
The pancakes are amazing!!!! Try the pork ones.
Pretty tasty pan fried dumplings.  Not as good as White Bear in Flushing, but 5 for $1?  I'm not complaining.  My bottled spring water was the same price as dumplings.  Skip the hot and sour soup though.  I drank a couple of spoon fulls and had to throw it out.  Total waste of my calories.
Really? One dollar for dumplings? Yes! And good dumplings too. There might be room enough for five whole people so prepare to take your food to go, but seriously don't pass it by based on looks! The food is excellent.
Over 1500+ reviews...because you can't go any cheaper than 5 FRIED PORK AND CHIVE DUMPLINGS for ONLY $1!! Avoid the boiled shrimp dumplings though, kinda bland, stick with the more popular pork and chives. I'm a huge SESAME PANCAKE fan. Got it stuffed with pork, which was a bit more bland. Don't misinterpret that, I'm not saying it's bad at all. Oily, large and cheap...good enough to make me happy and return again if I'm around the area. Tightly cramped placed though, you're better off walking to a nearby park to eat your food.
When I overhear someone talking about dumplings, I'm just like OH MY GOODNESS PROSPERITY DUMPLING. Not out loud, of course. Trying to not sound crazy here. I'm the type of person to venture out on a Sunday and bike ride to Chinatown from the Village specifically looking for dumplings. While trying to not get killed on the road, I almost passed this little shop. I was confused by the line going out the door. That couldn't be it.. But then I'm thinkin'---dollar for five dumplings, who WOULDN'T want in line for that?! After my first time, I have been back at least three other times for my dumpling cravings (later on deciding that biking with 3 packs of dumplings and no basket was not a good idea). I never had to wait longer than 5 minutes and when I go right up to the window, I say "two boxes," slam down my 2 Washington's, and inhale all that pork and chive goodness. With some soy sauce of course. No frills, slightly greasy, but the ultimate comfort food. The first time on a whim, I ordered the duck sesame pancake for $1.75. I felt like I was living the dream with my 10 dumplings and pancake for less than $4. Dreams do come true! Alas, the sesame pancake flopped a little when I arrived back home but the dumplings tasted great even after popping them into the microwave. I have yet to taste the soups but based on what my taste buds have confirmed so far, this quaint little shop has won me over. Much respect for all the ladies working in the back all day--you make some mean dumplings. Having worked at a Chinese restaurant, I feel your pain in slaving all day but your efforts are fully appreciated and have satisfied some Chinatown youth and a broke as hell college student. Awaiting my next adventure.. this time with a bike basket. So I can bring home 5 boxes.
Oh no! Looks like Vanessa's is in for a little competition, they are both on Eldridge St. coincidence? I think this place is about 5 years old, while Vanessa's been in the area for a lot longer. This place is the same size as the old Vanessa dumpling house. It's pretty tiny, so please do everyone a favor, order quick, have your money ready (small bills and cash) and get out please. This place in every way is comparable to Vanessa's and it's just up to your personal preference. For $1 dollar, you get 5 big juicy dumplings, probably the biggest and juicest you'll find in NYC. The scallion pancake is a lot thicker, lots of sesame, and just the right crispiness. The hot and sour soup is full of tofu and mushrooms. Their soymilk is very good too, I would suggest to add one spoonful of sugar. Just a little bit sweet is enough.
LOVE THIS PLACE! Only place in Chinatown left that still has $1 dumplings, most places have increased it to $1.25. I ordered the dumplings and the sesame pancake with pork, DELICIOUS! The place is pretty much a hole in the wall with very little seating but don't let that stop you - just go down the block and sit at the small playgorund =]
You can't argue with the prices here! Granted i've never been sober at prosperity dumpling- usually its a late night post-LES-clubbing spot, but from what i remember, the dumplings are deepfried and crazy tasty. Douse them with sriracha, soy sauce and white vinegar and you have the perfect drunchies snack.
I've had a variety of items on the menu but I must say the pork and chive dumplings (I like steamed) that you get are hands down my favorite thing to eat in all of Chinatown. Can't beat the price, can't beat the taste!
All Hail Prosperity!   So much better than any of the other competitors (rhymes with Banessa's).  You know why?  Here's why: 1. Wait time: There is usually a line but they don't waste time in serving your food as fast as possible. 2. Cheap: 4 dumplings for $1(Order #17 if this is your first time) 3. Delicious: I don't know how to say that better.  But they are consistently good. 4. Try it at home: 50 frozen dumplings for $9!  I've taken many home in my day and will continue to do so.   go go go and...go..
Tried pork pot stickers, boiled veggie dumplings, boiled pork dumplings and a duck pancake with my bf. All for just 8 dollars. But we were both stuffed. We both prefer the veggie ones, and love the hand-made texture. As for the pork ones, they are a little bit fat to me. If I were making meat dumplings, I would use pure lean. This is just a personal preference though. We left with 50 frozen veggie dumplings!
Sure, I could tell you about how the dumplings could have been a bit more fried, how you have to do battle for a place to sit down, or how the guy working the counter had all the bedside manners of a jail warden (and as Peter Griffin put it, NOT the Cinemax jail). But when you realize you're getting five juicy pan-fried pork dumplings for just one buck, all your complaints seem to vanish into thin air.  At this price, Prosperity is cheaper than a bag of Ling-Ling potstickers from Costco, tastes an estimated 8x better, and comes fully cooked.  It's a no brainer. My friend and I ordered two soups and 15 dumplings at first.  But when I saw that the tab was only $7.75...aw shucks, what the heck...five more dumplings, STAT!
Blasphemy! A 2 star rating for Prosperity Dumpling?? Ridiculous! Oh well. I had the fried dumplings, steamed dumplings, scallion beef pancakes and soy bean milk. Fried dumplings: too much dough, not enough meat. A little dry. Steamed dumplings were decent the first time I had them (that may be because I slathered it in sauce) but the second time they didn't give me as much sauce and it was no bueno. And the pork had a really strange aftertaste. Scallion pancakes were doused with cilantro. Like a ridiculous amount. Soy bean milk was decent. Anyways, it's not like my bad review will matter much for this store. They will still get a lot of business. And it's not like I hate them. It's just not the first place I'd go for dumplings in this city.
Good pork and chives dumplings for the price ... for $1 you get 5 dumplings, steamed or fried your pick. Tiny teeny place with quite a long line at around 4 pm on a weekday. While I was there, there were a couple kids lining up ahead of me. There was one Chinese man who has no manners whatsoever, trying to cut ahead of me and the kids in front of me. He pushed in between two kids in front of me, waving $2 and demanding dumplings. Thankfully the owner served the two kids first, despite the obnoxious guy's attempt to get his attention. The man brazenly cut ahead of me though, which pissed me off, but since I am 2nd generation Asian who doesn't speak Mandarin Chinese, I couldn't tell him to get in line. Anyways, on to the dumpling itself. It was just OK. I like the thin dumpling skin, but I feel like they cook too much dumplings on the stove at one time the skin doesn't get crisp enough. There were too many dumplings stacked up close, sometimes on top of one another, that I am afraid they got steamed and the skin won't get crisp. If you happen to be around the neighborhood and hungry for some cheap snack, then by all means stop by. If you plan to make a trip here, I think it's not worth it.
Hole-in-the-wall, 5 stools crammed next to the walls, counters splashed with soy sauce from the previous patron. Prosperity Dumpling is a stone throw away from the Grand St. station, which makes it more convienent than Lao Shan Dong, the other comparable hole-in-the-wall dumpling joint. Get the fried pork and chives dumplings, they have them freshly fried every second of the day. I usually wash that deliciousness down with some of their hot and sour soup. It's not the best soup I've had, but $3 gets you 10 dumplings and a soup so quit whining. I go here every time I make a Chinatown foray. My mouth is watering just writing this review. Go.
Prosperity Dumpling doesn't need another 5-Start rating with all of the glowing reviews they've received but I'm giving them one anyway! The reviews here are spot on down the line. Went there around 6:30 p.m., ordered the pork and chive dumplings (10 of them) for $2.00 and the Sesame pancake with Peking Duck for $1.75. More than I could eat and it was utterly satisfying. There must have been a pound of pork in the dumplings. 5 would have been a great meal and half the price of $1.00. They get a five for quality, pricing and sheer volume. What a terrific little place tucked among the many restaurants in the area.
A lot of people rag on the quality of the dumplings and the "ambiance" here, but seriously, it's just a deal that cannot be beat. If you're looking for the finest dumplings that Chinatown has to offer, well, actually, the dumplings at Prosperity aren't that far off. They are likely the best value dumpling you can find in Chinatown. The shop itself is akin to most of the no-frills food shops in Chinatown, which makes sense. The lack of overhead definitely keeps costs down, which in this case, I'm all for. I wouldn't really bother with trying to get seating in the small, cramped shop, but on a nice, spring day, you can just sit off the curb and enjoy your food. I have to say while I do prefer the dumplings at Prosperity, the Vanessa's on Eldridge has a way better pork sesame pancake sandwich. This is after multiple taste tests between myself and my friends, so we've accounted for bad and good days. The dumplings are slightly bigger  and tastier at Prosperity, but the pork used in the sesame pancake sandwiches, on average, isn't as flavorful as the pork at Vanessa's. Overall, you should temper your expectations, and you'll see that Prosperity delivers a good value for the money, and in New York City, that's really all you can hope for.
I usually come here if I don't come with family. Since I am still a poor college student, $1 for 5 dumplings definitely catches my attention. I usually just order 4 boxes and eat it at the park near by. And since it is in Chinatown, there is no tax on these dumplings so $1 is $1, not $1.07 or $1.15. I think that is all that needs to be said to get people to want to come here.
I used to love this place, when it was still 1 dollar for 5 dumplings. but now that theyve raised the price. it kinda went downhill. These people are very unsanitary everything is done with their bare hands. so eat with cautions. I rather buy the frozen ones to make it myself at home. I think the best thing they have here is the pancake with beef.
5 for $1...sooooo cheap! But not just that, these dumplings are delicious. Normally I hesitate to write reviews, wondering if my hunger makes the food seem better then it actually was. With Prosperity Dumpling I was stuffed from lunch but wanted just a taste. Barely able to stuff a dumpling into my face, I tasted heavenly porky goodness. The bottoms were crunchy. The insides were moist and perfectly cooked. Just the right amount of dripping grease. Mmm. Whoa dumpling, get inside my belly. My only regret is the food coma I was inevitably put into...followed by the walk out of China town. Wait...and that I wasn't able to try more.
A dollar gets me 5 dumplings.  A dollar hasn't gotten me shit for years!   10:30am and no line.  I walked right up to the counter past the 5-6 stools occupied by ravenous construction workers that appear to be devouring 10 dollars worth of dumplings faster then I can decide how many of these bargain dumplings should I buy.  I decided to get 10 fried pork and chives and 10 boiled pork and chives.  The fried ones were immediately available whereas the boiled would take some time, also a sesame pancake stuffed with duck for obvious reasons.   This place should get a revolving door for the speedy turnaround of people coming in without dumplings vs. people coming out with dumplings.  They're fast here and the huge manhole sized pan they're using shows the patrons that this place means business.  "We make bomb dumplings, we make a shitload of them, and we make it damn fast so you can be on your way".   Although we decided to eat inside the dining space (roughly half the size of the kitchen) because we couldn't wait.  The fillings were flavorful and the skin was a great consistency and lightly fried / non burnt.  The sesame pancake is worth mentioning as well... by itself it is amazing as is.  Definitely coming back here when I can.
Not the cheapest meal you can have, technically. I've spent half of the past school semester eating frozen food from Costco and that puts me at around 30 cents per meal... but these dumplings are just as good, if not better. My friend and I trekked through the frozen tundra that is currently New York City to this tiny place and it was well worth it -- I had 10 dumplings and my friend had 15+ (ugh...) -- total was under 5 dollars! The place gets ridiculously crowded (meaning...five plus people are inside) and there's not much eating space. But I'd still go out of my way for delicious pork and chive dumplings. And they aren't like the crappy soggy dumplings that most people make. Perfect amount of crispiness.
I am so glad I found this place. The maximum price on the menu is basically 3 bucks. It's amazing. You can get 5 dumplings for only $1!!! And these things are huge!! They're not just tiny little potstickers you buy at the store. No, these things will definitely fill you up. Not only that, but it was all so delicious. I can't wait to come back here.
Definitely not the best dumplings ever but 10 pieces for $2.00... how can anybody say no to that?!  This place is good for that quick hunger fix especially if you don't really care what goes in your stomach.  Can't go wrong with fried/boiled pork and chive dumplings.  Also, that sesame pancake stuffed with roasted duck... oh man, probably the only thing on the menu worth coming back for.  Just make sure not to use any of their condiments though since they are really watered down.   The restaurant itself is quite small with only 6-8 seating against the wall.  You might score one of those high commodity seats but don't consider yourself lucky because the place gets really packed and claustrophobic so it isn't even worth it.  The place is also on the dirty side which makes me question the concept of 20 cent dumplings.  Was it good?!  I say alright.  Will I come back?! I guess only when I'm somewhat intoxicated around the area.
So good and so cheap, yummy! I really wish I had one favorite to recommend, but I really think you should try all of them at some point. The best part is, it won't set you back that much! It can get a bit cramped in there, but you're getting it to go (aren't you?) anyway. If I had to pick one, the pork and chive one is the way to go! Skip the sauces and go "au naturel."
I love all these reviews that are like "OMG where else can you get so much dumplings for like, two dollarrrrrsssss?" Uh, how about any other dumpling place in the entire city? Jeesh, dudes. I've been here a half-dozen times and really, Prosperity Dumpling is kind of a gamble: on the days when the dumplings are good, they are phenomenal, but on they days they're not? Oof. Really not good. The same goes for the sesame pancakes with beef. Good day? Holy hell, THIS IS SO GOOD. Bad day? Greasy, burnt, and gristle-filled. Pair this with the long lines (during which I always get stuck behind a cracker tourist trying to hide their delight/dismay that "gaw-lee, maw! the signs are all in foreign here!" coupled with "um, I can use my credit card here, right?"), I'd much rather try my luck elsewhere.
2 rules one should always abide by.  One:  go where the natives go (ie Chinatown)  Two: you get what you pay for. Yes their dumpling are $2.  But measure the fat content as all their Dumpling taste the same :( Was hoping to find something better than SF.  This was definitely not it.  The shrimp Dumpling had minuscule shrimp.  And the insatiable intense need for water after effect is caused by msg. Pass. I've had hundreds of Dumpling places.  This is fair at best
Positives: One of the best guotie's i have ever had in the USA!! Super cheap, $1 for 5!! way too cheap. Negatives Sanitation, i see the guy (cashier) touch bills then at the same time use his same hands flip the sesame cake and etc.... Their pan sesame cake is not bad but i'd recommend just get the plain ones. the meaty ones cost 1.75, not that worth it. Seating is very limited and not a place to take your date to lol
This was the first stop on our epic 12 hour NYC trip. We carefully mapped out the eateries we wanted to hit up as we worked our way around the city. Our bus dropped us off in Chinatown and Prosperity Dumpling was very close by. The first thing I noticed was how extremely small this place was. Most people probably call in for pickup because there are only two small bar on either side and there is very little elbow room. The second thing I noticed was how ridiculously cheap everything on the menu was. Every item was priced around $2 and topping out at around $3. I couldn't believe my eyes. This place seemed cheaper than the street food in China. Okay, maybe not, but it was getting pretty damn close. Despite wanting to get everything on the menu, I knew we had to pace ourselves if we wanted to try all the food that we came here to try so we only ordered dumplings. We split 15 total: an order of the chives & pork fried dumplings and also an order of the boiled variety. Both came out steaming out. The boiled dumplings tasted exactly like the ones my mom makes back home. I downed them too fast and ended up burning the right side of my tongue. Total cost for 15 dumplings was $3 - you can't find a better deal than that! I don't know how they make money off this at 20 cents per dumpling. I wish I could have tried some of the other stuff on the menu, especially the pork fried bun and the pancake dishes. The noodles like everything else are also ridiculously under priced. It's not so much that these dumplings are the best in the world as much as they are extremely cheap, tasty, and will satisfy both your stomach and your wallet.
This place is amazing in every way... maybe except service, but I digress. Don't be deterred when you see a line when coming up the street, it's a tiny box of a place with only a counter and like 4 stools where you can barely stand in it so it spills out to the street. Not only do they have some of the tastiest dumplings with that really thin, tender skin that barely holds in the juicy pork and chive filling, they sell 5 for $1 or 10 of them for $2!!! YES, READ THAT AGAIN!!! Throw a tiny squirt (although they really don't need it) of soy and some sriracha (always needed) and you are a step away from heaven but if you really wanna pass the pearly gates into ecstasy, get the sesame pancake with pork or duck. $1.75 for a "slice" almost the size of a pizza stuffed with meat and a bit of veggies like cabbage, carrots and cilantro. UN-FRIGGIN-BELIEVABLE!!! Again, put the sriracha in there and you are good to go. This place is a bit out of the way (only like 2-3 blocks) from the Bowery but it is a GEM!! Must visit! Period.
Tiny place is an understatement and not easy to find. You smell like their food when you leave. Dumplings are far better at Vanessa Dumpling so skip it.
Peanut Noodles were excellent.  And, of course, the dumplings were incredible.
Cash only. I was very excited to try this place after all the reviews. I was slightly disappointed. It was too doughy and the filling was not that great. Sure, the price is amazing but I was not impressed. Maybe I will have better luck next time.
My girlfriend, who knows I like dumplings, suggested to me sometime last year that we try this place out. We finally made it a few days ago, after seeing Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame. After seeing a Chinese movie seemed like a good time to have some Chinese dumplings. Anyways, we made it down and it was filled with all Asians, which is usually a sign that an ethnic venue is doing something good. I was the only caucasian in there. There's no complaining about the price here - $2 for 10 pork & chive dumplings, $1 for 5 and $9 to bring home a pack of 50 frozen dumplings. They have other things on the menu as well, such as soups and sesame pancakes, but I just stuck with the dumplings. They were pretty good and for the price, cannot be beat. Are they the best dumplings I've ever had? No, since my gf's mom is Korean and makes the best mandoo (dumplings) that I've ever had. Nonetheless, this place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. It's a real hole in the wall and more or less a dive. There's minimal seating indoors as well, with no tables or chairs, but instead stools and counters. However, the staff was friendly and while the dumplings took a few minutes to prepare, they came out hot and fresh. As for the dumplings themselves, the dough isn't thick and the insides of the dumplings are meaty, juicy and tasty. The dumplings are pretty big too, so you get a lot for your $1 or $2.
Weeee, this place is great! Cheap and Tasty!  Been here atleast twice since I've visited New York.  Small place but quick and easy.  I recommend this for a snack or cheap dinner. 20 Fried Dumplings for me please!
Prosperity has bad dumplings, hands down, no contest.  I'm amazed at the number of good reviews, but, at the risk of being nonPC: seems like most of them are from white hipsters.  And when we tried it, the line out the door was...yep, all white.  We actually threw our food away, something I have never done ( my mother would have killed me).  The filling is weird, bland; the dough is terrible. My parents are Northern Chinese, and I grew up on the same ones that, to my eternal gratitude, North Dumpling on Essex serve.  They reign supreme--for a far second, I'll eat Vanessa's; but only in a pinch.
These are some of the absolutely most delicious dumplings!  YUMmmmmy.  It is literally a hole-in-the-wall location and there are only 5 or 6 seats if you choose to eat there.  However, the food is not only super tasty but also amazingly inexpensive.  I had the pork and chive friend dumplings ($1 for 5) and the boiled in soup dumplings ($2.50 for 8).   It is well worth the detour to the edge of Chinatown to eat here.  They also sell these fantastic dumplings frozen to take home ($9 for 50!)
8 boiled pork and chive dumplings for $2.75? That's a hell yea for me. You can also get 4 fried ones of the same kind for $1. The list goes on and it's so affordable. There are veggie dumplings, too, for my vegetarian friends out there. The amount of skin is just right, but can I just say that the meat is tender, full of flavor and soupy???? Add some hot sauce and dumpling sauce to them and you're good to go. I wish they boiled mine just a few min longer because a very small part of the skin was still tough. Otherwise, it's a filling meal. Don't underestimate them dumplings!
Given that I grew up in Chinatown during the great $1 dumpling boom, I have tried dumplings from ever Chinatown dumpling house.  My favorite dumpling house is Prosperity.  I have eaten here a bazillion times and am never disappointed. My 5 star rating is strictly based on the take-out experience. The fried port and chive dumplings are rather plump, crisp and almost always freshly made.  They always make a new batch because they go quick.  At peak hours, there will always be long waits.  The pork is always juicy and there are just enough chives.  I am not big on ginger, so this is the perfect place for picky nonginger dumpling eaters. I have also tried the boiled port and chive dumplings.  They are a lot healthier than their oily sibling and a great alternative.  Most dumpling houses use the same dumplings to fry and to boil.  They actually use a different dumpling to boil.  The pork and juicy as well. The hot and sour soup is quite tasty as well.  If you are one of those that likes their soup with more ingredients and less soup base, you definitely want to try this one.   Great take out place.  Different story if you want to dine-in.  They renovated the place not too long ago, so it does look a bit cleaner than in the past.  5 stars nonetheless.  Better than Vanessa's two blocks down.
A regular to Fontana's Bar, it's easy to walk across the street to Vanessa's Dumplings for a quick lunch or snack. No longer.. The walk down the 2.5 blocks to Prosperity is well worth the small trip. The dumplings here are plump, fresh, perfectly boiled (or fried), fillings = soft, juicy, moist.. and they are FIVE FOR A BUCK. You could easily make a dinner out of the last $2 in your pocket. The man behind the counter is always happy to see you.. and eagerly nods to the young school kids, the old neighborhood ladies and the punk skateboarders and hand ball crew who chill in the park across the street. It's tiny.. there's only four stools, two formica shelf counters and a couple, coveted, bottles of soy sauce and generic hot chili sauce. I also love: the sesame pancake with veggies ($1.25) and the hot & sour soup (for ONE dollar).
Love this place! Can't wait to go back! For only $2, you get 10 dumplings (fried or boiled, pork or vegetable). For $1.75, you get a baked sesame pancake with a filling of your choice (chicken, duck, vegetable). For $1, you get a huge container of real, legit soy milk that actually tastes like soybeans. I ordered 10 boiled pork dumplings and soymilk, and got a slice of sesame pancake to go for dinner. Couldn't believe I spent less than $5 for two satisfying meals. Unbelievable!
Prosperity Dumpling aka Dirt Cheap & Tasty, is a great little hole in the wall located in the Lower East Side.   I'm actually not from the East Coast, but each time I make a trip to NYC, I try to make an effort to stop by.  Sometimes you just crave some hot sizzling dumplings and the awesome prices (5 for $1.00) makes your wallet feel so warm and fuzzy.  You also learn to appreciate a business that hasn't succumbed to greed once they realize they're operating a cash cow. Strange as it might sound - sometimes I wish they would charge more.  It's obviously a family run business, and the guy behind the counter is always there - playing cashier and cooking the dumplings for who knows how many hours each day.  I'm sure his family is helping out as well - they work very hard for such a small profit margin. The dumplings are great - always hot and fresh.  It's nice to swing by, grab a dollar or twos worth, slosh on some soy sauce, and continue down the streets of NY while gobbling down the delicacies you've just bought. I've also tried their chive pancake and won ton soup - both were OK, but it's a great deal considering the price paid.   The shop is really small (customer area is probably the size of a large bathroom) - there are only a few chairs and a bar type ledge to eat from.  On top of that, there will likely be a line forming behind you (if you're eating there) where people can stare at you as Sriracha and soy sauce drips down your chin.  I definitely suggest taking your food to go. Great place - definitely stop by if you're in the area.
5 pan-fried dumplings for $1.  Buy 50 frozen for $8.  China-town's hidden cheap eats and lovely gems.  I know where to go when broke and where to go when I need to go get catered dumplings when I throw a house party.
Food (5/5)   Decor (1/5)   Service (1/5) That doesn't actually average to 4 stars, but it's a bit hard to overlook the fact that the dumplings here are REALLY good.  This isn't a place you go on a date.  It's not a place you take your parents (as they might be appalled by the sanitation).  And it might not even be a place you would take your friends from out of town (unless they're super cheap and love dumplings).  It's a place you go to take out (yes, take out as eating in the cramped 10ft x 10ft space filled with hungry people waiting for their dumplings is not a very enjoyable experience) delicious, mouth watering dumplings to eat elsewhere--maybe on the street a couple blocks over where it doesn't smell quite as bad.  So forget the fact that the guy at the counter isn't exactly patient (though speaking Chinese helps) and that the restaurant looks like a hole in the wall transplanted directly from Mother China.  The dumplings are really good and come at the dirt cheap price of 4 for $1.  These are not your mother's dumplings either.  These are jumbo dumplings and 8 is a pretty large meal for me.  Or better yet, buy their frozen dumplings at the even cheaper price of 50 for $9.  Take them home and cook/eat them at your leisure in the comfort of your own apartment.
Cheap flavorful dumplings. Small space so get it to go. Great place to get a cheap delicious meal.
Is this really the best the city can offer me? For the price, they're great. But in terms of taste and quality - they're only okay. Try to ignore how unclean it is inside and hope the food is sanitary. Still on my quest to find the best dumplings in this city. I found the best in DC and I found the best in Seattle. I'll keep looking in NYC. I'm not convinced these are it - but the price just can't be beat.
Dumplings: $1 Sesame Cake: $1.50 Pepto MAX: $10 Emotional Distress: approximately $15 worth of therapy All in all, it ends up evening out... I've never been more underwhelmed by something so raved about on Yelp. Too greasy, too gross, too bland, too fattening, too few options, too bare-bones. I threw 3 of the 5 dumplings away and spit out the sesame cake. So technically, in my case, Prosperity wasn't even a bargain. There's no where to enjoy your food other than a few disgusting stools and the streets of Chinatown, which perpetually smell like fish and human refuse. Their soy sauce is pathetically watered down. Sometimes I wonder... even if I could eat meat that costs less than a dollar, would I want to? Bottom line, I've had better- even for no frills authentic dim sum. Granted it was in San Francisco, but I refuse to believe this is the best in NYC.
Kicked off Chinese New Year (Year of the Dragon) by watching one of my favorite movies of all time... Bruce Lee's "Enter the Dragon". By far the best Martial Arts film to ever come out of that mysterious Han Island in South China. The next day the girlfriend and I went out to Chinatown to take part in New Years festivities and of course indulge in some eatery. After a couple hours of walking around and looking at floats we ran into this beautiful HOLE in the WALL Dumpling spot called Prosperity. There are only two ways you found this spot. 1. While walking down the block you are looking up to see the yellow awning that say Prosperity Dumplings in English and Chinese. 2. It's very rare you'll ever have to do num one because there is always a line to get into this place. You'll know you have arrived at PD once you see some type of line in front of this small run down spot. We purchased 50 dumplings for $9! That's an amazing deal. We purchased frozen Dumplings as we wanted to eat at a restaurant in the area but they tasted the same back home. We deep fried until nice and brown and good to go. The pork is seasoned really nice, add some hot sauce and soy sauce and booooooy! Perfect for apps at for a party or whatever. Even better if you order to eat right then and there. Either way it's a win win as cheap and tasty is what it's all about. Now I speak highly of this Prosperity Dumplings, so why give it only 4 stars and not 5? Simple, the place is super small and always flooded with people so there's always a wait. Can't lie, those little bundles of joy are delicious. Party in my tummy as they say on one of them Nick jr. shows. Yes, party in my tummy.
Great dumplings. Great sesame pancakes. Great prices but horrible horrible clientele. As you would expect with a cheaply priced place, it attracts a low class element.  This place is a hotbed for the people staying in a shelter nearby. They seem to be here every day and are quite territorial about their tables. The food here is great and worth taking out but this IS NOT a place for a date or to spend any more time than necessary. Food was great though.
$2 for 10 dumplings?? The pork and chive steamed dumplings had great flavor. There isn't much room in this hole-in-the-wall to enjoy them, but for the price who can complain?
Not that they need my review since they already have thousands but ahh what the heck. Prices are confusingly cheap and the food is delicious. The pancake sandwiches are out of this world. ALL their soups are delicious and the service is asian sweat shop workers fast. Yeah its a tiny hole in the wall and it does get extremely crowded in peak hours but its totally worth it. I am not a fan of their famous $1 dumplings because every time i have them i get a stomach ache but everything else is perfect.
This review will feature just the following few bullet/list points: 1. The dumplings are, in my opinion, superior to Vanessa's (lighter skin). 2. I bought a bag of like 50 for $9 about 1.5 months ago. 3. I've been eating that bag consistently since that time, and they remain delicious to this day. 4. Once this bag is finally depleted, I will be returning to purchase a new one.
I was around the area and thought I might as well give it try. Very popular place for its cheap dumplings. For $2, I got one order of the chives and pork fried dumplings and a small soy bean milk. The dumplings were good and juicy. When they say small soy bean milk, I was expecting a cup instead it is actually a pint. That is the small. Very small place with very limited seating. You be lucky if you get one. A lot of people when I was there. Crowded the place up. Menu is super duper cheap. You can actually have a full meal and barely scratch your bank account. No complaining about that.
We at here last night. So good and so cheap! 5 fried dumplings for $1 and they are big juicy tender dumplings full of flavour. I'll be back again for sure! Not much room in there to eat (maybe 6-8 chairs) so it can get crowded but you could away a get take away.
Alright here's the deal. As you can see, it is unanimous that Prosperity Dumpling is a) damn delicious b) damn cheap. Making the trek down to LES was an experience in itself. We went in the early morning so Canal St. wasn't really bustling just yet. We went to LES for a purpose and that was to eat at Prosperity Dumpling. It really is a tiny hole-in-the-wall and it looks like it's run by a small close-knit family. Can you think of any other place that gives you 5 dumplings for $1.00? Can you think of any other place that gives you 5 made to perfection dumplings for a measly dollar? The entire time I sat there and happily ate my dumplings and drank my Chinese soy milk I would see a steady stream of people coming in and out to get their share of dumplings. DO get the chives and pork broiled dumplings. I think the chives and pork dumplings trumps the Chinese vegetables and pork dumplings but I guess it all depends on preference. Take one bite and the juice is sure to squirt onto your face or onto your top.  The dumplings are a decent size and the meatball is full of flavor. The chives makes the dumplings. Get a cup of Chinese soy milk for $0.75. They have a small bucket of sugar at the cash register so you can sweeten it to your liking. Simply put, this place totally hits the spot when you're in for some authentic Chinese dumplings and it's dirt cheap. It doesn't get any better than that.
5 for $1.00! Enough said. But seriously, these dumplings are BOTH the cheapest and most delicious dumplings I've ever had in New York, China, or anywhere! I'm so blown away that I basically regret all other dumplings that I've bought and eaten in my life that haven't been here. I had both the fried and steamed versions of the pork and chive dumplings. They provide soy sauce and sriracha sauce, but they were so tasty and flavorful that I didn't need any sauce. The place is so small that it's basically a food stall, so take your food a block over to eat in Roosevelt Park.
The sesame pancake ALONE earns this place 5 stars...I'd give the pancake 70 stars if I could. It is probably the single most amazing food item in NYC... I like the veggie sesame pancake...carrots and cilantro, and mmmmmmm. My friends like the lamb. Baaahhhhh.
I've decided, because of those dumplings, I'm aroused. If this lasts for longer than 4 hours, I'll have to go see a doctor! :)
Seriously - 2 can have lunch for $8.50 in  NYC?  YES!  Dumplings are delish, soup- Yum.  I'll be back and stay in the area because of them.
This place is a total hole in the wall, but was great! I ordered pork with chives dumplings (boiled and fried). The fried were way better. We also had the boiled shrimp dumpling soup. I did not care for this at all. Very "fishy." If that were all that I had ordered, I would have been disappointed. But thank God I ordered a pancake as well. That thing was banging!
I think most of the 4/5 star reviews have a lot ot do with price and not really quality.  I was in the area after an afternoon of moderate drinking and needed something greasy and salty. While on line somewhere else waiting for food, someone walked passed us and we overheard him say he was heading to prosperity dumplings. We had no idea who this person was but we thought his idea was stellar and decided to follow him. No, this is not at all creepy. We get to prosperity dumplings and were surprised at how cheap everything was. I'm very skeptical when it comes to cheap anything. This is why I avoid street meat and $1 pizza places. There's a reason you pay a dollar for 5 dumplings. Is it really pork in there? If so, is it quality/semi-fresh pork? How old is that oil they fry everything in? The place was also not so clean so it makes you question their cleanliness as they prep your food. Well whatever the reason for really cheap grub, we decided to throw caution to the wind and get the pork and chive. Also, if you don't know what you want, they have no patience for you. Step away from the line until you decide. This makes sense because it can get really packed in there as we saw 10 minutes after we got our order and sat down to eat. The dumplings are in line with other dumpling places I've been too. Nothing extraordinary about them but I did like the price I paid. If i am in the area and semi-drunk (and therefore prone to making bad decisions), I may stop here again.
5 stars for the best dumplings I've had, not even taking into account price (10 dumplings for $2... Buy 50 frozen for less than $9...) It's a tiny, not-so-clean, cash-only store that's basically just a counter you order at.  The line doesn't take long but it gets crowded waiting.  Don't bother trying to eat there unless you're really freezing - there's a playground with benches just a block away where you can sit and eat in peace. The boiled pork dumplings are hands down my favorite menu item and the reason for 5 stars. Something about their dumplings makes them so flavorful on the inside - you don't even really need to dip in soy sauce (although I do).  The "soup dumplings" are not Shanghai soup dumplings but just the regular dumplings in broth - also tasty and nice on cold days.  I tried their plain and "Peking duck" sesame pancakes as well, which were good but not the best (a bit too fried, less fluffy). Overall, it's a great, great place to get dumplings - especially if you are trying to fill up for cheap.  5 stars for me means the food is crave worthy and worth a special trip - indeed, made-to-order, delicious and dirt cheap dumplings are as good as it gets!
My girlfriend and I came down here one breezily cool Saturday afternoon for a quick bite. We were in the mood to get a dumpling fix, so after looking up a few places we decided to make the trip over. It's not in a terribly ideal location if you're looking to get there by subway - you're going to take a little bit of a walk from either the F or the Canal Street stops - but it's worth it. There dumplings here are cooked fresh constantly, so you're never going to get a batch that are dry and taste like they've been out for a while. Given you can get an order of 8 dumplings for absurdly cheap (something like $2 or so), we ended up getting 3 helpings of pork and vegetable dumplings. So, so good! The scallion pancakes were also a delicious side, although they aren't as tasty as the dumplings were. The only downside is that although we snagged a couple of the stools that are in the restaurant to eat at, it was pretty chilly with people coming in and out all the time. You also may have to wait up to 5 minutes or so for your order, as there seems to be decent traffic coming through. But the price is worth it, and the dumplings here are absolutely delicious. Sometime, I'll have to go back and get a frozen pack of 50 (for $8!) so I don't have to trek down to Chinatown to get my fix.
2 words can describe the food....CHEAP & AMAZING The dumplings here taste better than Vanessa's. Vanessa's dumplings are crispier, almost too crispy for me. Prosperity's have the perfect combination of crispy and chewy. Throw some Sriracha and soy sauce on these babies and you're SOLID.
It's true that just by price alone, prosperity has earned my respect.  I mean, 5 for $1?  That amazing!  As is all chinese places, this place is cash only. Taste wise, I agree with an earlier yelper who says the skin is too thick.  The filling is pretty standard.  If I can't frequent here often, then I'd get the frozen dumplings.  You never know one late night when you're too lazy to go out but need something to hold you over for the night.  Also, when you get the frozen dumplings, you can control how much oil is used. Btw, I'm a definite fan of the wonton soup.
The dumplings here were pretty good, but were extremely cheap. I ordered the steamed shrimp and pork dumplings as well as the fried pork dumplings since I was really hungry and the total still came out to less than $10. I felt that the steamed dumplings were a little flavorless even with the soy sauce and the watered down sriracha added. The space is pretty cramped too and there is very limited seating space so be prepared to get your food to go! The fried pork dumplings, on the other hand were crisp and had a nice flavor to it. Adding the sauces that they had there, made it even better. I'll probably stick to the fried pork dumplings next time, but for the price and the amount of food you get, you can't really complain too much. We'll see how the other dumpling places in NYC stack up to Prosperity.
dumplings were good. the soup wasn't
Cheap is the best way to describe the food here! Small humble joint- unassuming but packs the most bang for your buck. I ordered the classic pork dumplings 4 for $1.00. Given that it was early in the day that was the only item tried on the menu. The dumplings were good not too doughy, crispy however a tad on the greasy side. The filling had good flavour infused with chives however the meat was seasoned to my liking- a bit bland. Growing up on dumplings and perogies I'm a tough critic. I would definitely come back and try other offering on the menu. Cash only Quick service and no lines- served within minute Given the high ratings perhaps there's something I should be trying. Another visit is in the works.
Absolutely the best, cheapest, most un-assuming restaurant i've ever been to. The dumplings are amazing and my only regret is that i live too far away to take home a bag of the frozen ones they sell
Probably some of the cheapest food you can get in the city hands down.  Stick to the dumplings, you can get 10 of the chive and pork dumplings for $2.75.  Amazing really. You can also get three pork fried cakes for a $1.  Not as good as the dumplings, but stupid cheap. One of my friends who ordered the duck noodle soup stated he couldn't finish it because of the amount of MSG in it.  So stick to the dumplings!
Must try their fried and boiled dumplings and the sesame pancake with beef. My boyfriend and I trecked all the way from BK to try these tasty treats. 2 fried dumplings - $2 1 boiled dumplings (10 pieces) - $2 1 sesame pancake with beef - forgot how much Overall we spent less than 10 dollars combined and let me tell u, we were stuffed to the brim. Great dumplings :) will definitively come back again
I really like the thickness & chewiness of the dumpling skin (wrap, or whatever you call it), but the filling inside is just okay...sad that the only one you can get fried is the pork & chive one.   The sesame pancakes are a whole other story though...delicious deep fried heaven!  I had the duck one and I love that all the peking duck was shredded up so you didn't have to deal w/ bones.  I also like the fact that it came w/ all those pickled veggies & cilantro, like in the vietnamese sandwiches...everything for only $1.75.  I came here to pick up food for 2 & ordered 20 dumplings w/ 2 sesame pancake sandwiches, and it came out to less than $8...I don't think I'll ever have a cheaper meal in NYC!   I have to take out 1-star b/c it's too much of a hole-in-the-wall type of place for me.  It kind of sucks to order freshly cooked fried food & not get to eat it right away.  The sesame pancakes also don't hold well, so you're kind of forced to eat it right away sitting on a ghetto street bench in a smelly neighborhood or walking around.
I'm questioning how this place is surviving on selling so many dumplings for so little dollars - but seriously, just try an order of these suckers and you won't even wonder how they're surviving.........they're addicting and so damn good!  It's a hole in the wall and if you're passing by and blink, you'd probably miss it.  Truly flavorful and savory dumplings, I would be a regular here if I lived in NYC.
Very cheap dumplings but a little on the oily side.  $1 for 5 (chives with pork).  If you want to buy 50 frozen ones, it will cost you $8.  A little more expensive than buying it from Hong Kong supermarket.  The place is very small and very hot.  It can sit at most six people.  Everything is freshly cooked because a lot of people go there.  The Sesame pancake with beef is good too, only $1.75.  The hot & sour soup is good.  I would definitely come back here because it's cheap!!
One of the best dollar dumpling we have tried. Can't beat the price and the dumplings are good quality. Wish there was a more vinegar flavored sauce available but all in all great value for good food.
Forget the dollar menu at McDonald's and come here.  We got 4 fried dumplings for 1.00 and 10 steamed for 2.75.  10 was too many for me, so I passed about 6 of them off to a homeless person.  There's my mitzvah for the week  : ).  Thankfully, we got like the one seat that was outside.  The scallion/sesame pancake was amazing.  Like the lightest, best Chinese bread.  I'd love to know whats in that thing.  So good.   I'm married to a very picky person and she loved the dumplings.  That says a lot.  She loved the pancake too, even though she was reluctant to take a bite.
Great bargain place.  Sesame pancakes were huge, amazing, tasty.  Friendly and quick service.  The place is tiny but you can take your food to the nearby Sara Roosevelt Park and eat on a bench.  Easy to be vegetarian here too.  Food is excellent!
I would like to preface this review by mentioning that these dumplings are such a favorite for the gang at work that we've gone down on extended lunch times for them. While these aren't the best kind of dumpling I've had, they are pretty tasty for the specific type of dumpling style Prosperity is known for. I can almost guarantee that you will not leave hungry or  your wallet empty. The dumplings are filling and you pretty much get a ton of dumplings for almost nothing. Every once in a while, they grant me my special of shrimp dumplings if they haven't made a batch for the day since I don't eat pork. So two thumbs up Prosperity for doing that more than you should.
This one is my favorite cheap dumpling place in Chinatown. You get 5 for $1. This place is surprisingly small. The area between the front door and the counter is like a small box that fits only a handful of people. There are a few stools on the side. On a cold day like today, everyone on line was trying to crowd inside! Because we were here after school just let out, the line mostly consisted of loud teenagers. They were very busy, which guaranteed we got freshly cooked pork and chive dumplings. The dumplings had a slight crispiness to them, and the filling was perfectly seasoned. This place also has tiny little plastic containers of sriracha and soy sauce on the side for you to grab. These sauces are actually NOT watered down, unlike all the other dumpling places.
Cheap AND amazing. This place is insane! FIVE DUMPLINGS FOR A DOLLAR!!!! A DOLLAR! They're served hot, fresh, and full of zest and love. You can't go wrong. If you find yourself in the neighborhood - you know you have to go here. You just have to - there isn't an option.
Prosperity is a tiny restaurant hidden in Chinatown. You may not even be able to characterize Prosperity as a restaurant, but more of a hole in the wall- the excellent kind of hole in the wall restaurant. It only had five seats on a little bar to the side. The dumplings were hands down amazing! For one dollar you could get five tasty dumplings. If I worked around this area, I'd definitely be here every week- if not, more like a couple times a week.
I used to go here all the time, even after I got a stomach virus from eating some of their fried dumplings, because it was just around the corner from where I volunteer 2x per week and it was a cheap and quick dinner. These days though, like most of the locals (there are still some), I've been driven away by all the tourists and gentrifiers that take the line out the door. I much prefer Panda Dumpling House which just opened up on the opposite corner - its bigger, cleaner, has seating, and a larger menu. Prices are comparable to Prosperity.
The dumplings are fresh and hot, the location and staff good, and the price is right.  Nothing to not like.
You can't not appreciate the value of this hole in the wall. Fed two people for a little over $6, and we were experimenting with the costlier items since we were Prosperity Dumpling virgins. $1 will get you 4 fried dumplings, and steamed are a little more. The fillings are good; nothing gelatinous here. The pancakes are not like scallion pancakes, nor are they like american pancakes either. They're somewhere between a pancake and fried dough. We tried the duck one, and while good, wasn't really stuffed that much, and we wouldn't get it again. But it was fun to try at least once. Really though - awesome cheap food right before a bus ride.
I've been here more times that I'd like to admit. Yes, the place is super cheap and uber dingy but the dumplings are alright. Can't say these are the best I've had but they get the job done. I just worry. What exactly am I ingesting? Literally 20 cents per dumpling if you can do math, if you can't you probably can't read this anyway so who cares? This can't be good for me. When I come here I feel like I've stepped into a not-so-safe alley in China and just hope that I come out ok. I usually do. If you want cheap dumplings and don't care where they came from or how they've maneuvered their way into your mouth, then go for it! I just think the place itself needs to expand and in need of serious renovation. I don't mean to be a dumpling nazi but I just can't take this place that serious. Enjoy! :)
Love their steamed dumplings! Chewy and meaty! I don't live in ctown but I come here almost every week. It is that addictive! Lol They're pretty generous on the filling. So 1 order of steamed dumplings, which is less than $3, already makes me full. Good deal!!!!
Best Dumplings in Chinatown! With the best price!!!! $1 for 5 dumplings!!! Thinner (better) dumpling skin than others (Vanessa's) and tastier filling! If you just want cheap good dumplings and a good sesame pancake, Prosperity is your place! They're just a small hole in the wall with 4 or 5 seats only. Quicker wait time than Vanessa's as well.
This little hole in the wall was suggested to me by my brother in law. My wife and I were visiting NYC and we stopped by for lunch and I was blown away. Not only was the food extremely well priced, but also delicious. I could probably eat about 50 of those pork and chive dumplings (4-5 for $1)! I'll be back here for sure.
Boiled take longer than fried if you're in a hurry
A hole in the wall restaurant that is literally the size of a hole in the wall.....but the food is soooo good and cheap!!!! The place was booming when we were there.  We had the pancake, 10 steamed dumplings, and small soup for $6!  Would definitely come back here every time we are in nyc!
I don't know why I do this...I go to a place that gets yelped for their dumplings and I order the beef noodle soup. Idiot. But you know what I realized? I may be the idiot for ordering it, but why in the world would you play such a cruel trick on me, Mr. Prosperity Dumpling? It's because YOU are the fool, doing what every single Chinese eating establishment before you has done to give the impression of how skilled they are, how luxurious they can be, or how you can grasp tightly the antiquated dining traditions---add superfluous menu items. Not only does it cost you more to stock the perishable ingredients needed to make the superfluous dishes (bok choy, rice noodles, braised beef), it takes time to prepare those ingredients and that time prevents you from focusing on what you're already good at!. It is very clear to me that you do one thing right--make guotie. Your guotie have skins that fry well, resist falling apart, the pork and chive filling is seasoned perfectly, the ratio of fat/gelatin to filling is perfect such that no dumpling is ever dry, and you get a great crisp on the bottom because you've had so many years of experience cooking them in that enormous pan of yours. So why do anything but that when your noodles absolutely suck!? Argh, and why make the noodles the most expensive thing on your menu? My thought was that I would get the item that the place is most known for and then try and get their most expensive item (at $3, the noodles were not that expensive at all, but still). The noodles didn't seem fresh; they were the processed type you'd get dry at a supermarket and rehydrate. Consequently they didn't have good resistance and just crumbled in your mouth. The broth was not well filtered and I found multitudinous scum coagulates floating on top of the bowl. The broth wasn't well seasoned either, tasting just a little saltier than canned Swanson's chicken/beef stock. The beef tasted boiled and didn't have the essence of anise/5-spice that you would expect from a dish like this. The highlight was probably the boiled bok choy included in the soup. I couldn't finish it. In Asian culture you're threatened as a kid when you don't finish your food with parents saying stuff like, "Every rice grain you don't finish is going to be a pock mark on your face." After leaving those noodles, I'm running to Duane Reade for some Neutrogena. **They have sesame pancake sandwiches here too, but they're much better at Vanessa's where the pancakes are made fresh to order. These are just sitting in a stainless steel catering bin. ***Incidentally (not that I care, but you might) I noticed an enormous 50lb bag of Ajinomoto MSG in their kitchen. Maybe it's why their dumplings are so damn good. You'd better believe it. If that makes your ears ring, that's really too bad. But also realize that it's what has made this place as good as it is. Don't ask them to change that, you're lucky they didn't use some shady rural Chinese MSG manufacturer.
Holy cheap. This joint definitely lived up to my expectations. Took my fellow yelpers advice and went with pork dumplings and sesame pancake. I believe I spent a total of $3.50? Plenty of food. I brought a friend-a seasoned dumpling eater who was in town from Toronto-she LOVED it. Said if she had access to prosperity dumplings she'd be eating there every week. So I'm not sure what all is in these things. I don't think I want to know...but for the occasional cheap splurge-absolutely. You wont be breaking the bank.
Ugh. Prosperity Dumpling... I hate that every single time I come visit you, I WANT TO ORDER EVERYTHING ON THE MENU. I come here by myself for lunch and these are the thoughts that go through my head: How can I possibly only order the small hot and sour soup when it's so damn good? Fine, a large one it is! Do I order the sesame pancake with peking duck? Might as well! And make it 3 orders! How about a bag or two of the 50 frozen dumplings for home? OF COURSE.
On our quest for the best food in New York we found ourselves at the best rated dumpling restaurant. It was very busy when we went, but we managed to claim two seats. The inside reminded me of a place I would eat at in Nairobi, Kenya, not very clean but so popular you have to look past that and try the food! FYI - in spite of what I thought they did have an "A" grade on their window. My husband and I got one order of the fried and one of the boiled. Not paying attention, we didn't realize the order of boiled came with 10! Because we were restaurant hopping, there's no way we could eat 4 fried and 10 boiled. The guy next to us helped us out and took 8 off our hands. The noodles themselves were perfectly cooked and full of flavor. The pork mixture was more on the well-done side than I would've liked. it made the texture too chewy for me. Overall, when in the mood for dumplings look no further!
Taking a trip down here from midtown is well worth it.  Took the F train and got off on East Broadway.  It's a different type of Chinatown as you see a lot of locals and now many tourists. This was a typical hole in the wall joint but its probably one of the best places to get some Chinese food! I tried the pan fried dumplings which was an incredible steal.  5 dumplings for $1!!!  I ended up getting 2 orders!  Sesame pan cake with beef $1.75.   I use to think that Vietnamese sandwiches back home (SF Bay Area) were the best bargain ever, but Prosperity Dumpling gives them a run for their money.  For less than $4,  I had myself a good dinner.   I'll be back!  It's well worth the trek down here!  I only wished they stayed open later.
Still good but they changed the recipe... it's now $1 for 4, and they're significantly less than completely addictive. Sad.
This place is amazing.  Not much seating, but the kitchen is constantly bustling. They don't fool around. Excellent dumplings for super cheap, highly recommended
This is one of those places in Chinatown that's almost always packed with kids in the early afternoon on weekdays looking for a cheap after school snack. And what a great snack it is. The $1 order (!!) of pork fried dumplings cannot be beat. I usually grab two orders with a diet coke and take it across the street to a nearby park to consume rather than piling in the tiny counter space.  It's really one of the best deals in NYC for anyone looking to eat on the ridiculously cheap side. And it's delicious!
A shoebox with about 8 seats, but the dumplings are the best I ever had and very reasonably priced. Gonna order twice as many next time!
Come here for really good, really cheap dumplings and the like. $3.75 order of 4 fried and 10 steamed chive and pork dumplings. Unlike some places, the meat here is unmistakably meat. Fried dumplings are toasted with a golden crust. The steamed dumplings are distinctive in how much oil is on the inside. When you take a bite, the oils are released and mix with the filling, never leaving a dry bite. There is literally no place to eat though, so you will need to go to a park bench nearby.
Prosperity! How many drunken nights have you and I crossed paths? Honestly is it even worth trying to remember? I genuinely love this Eldridge Street hole in the wall. If there was such a thing as the seven great wonders of the city, this place would be high up on the list, along with places like empanada mama and pony bar. Not to knock places like Vanessa's, but nobody does dumplings like prosperity - nobody. The pork fried dumplings are always hot and ready, as are the sesame pancakes. The most you have to say is "one fried and one pancake" - Nuff said. 30 seconds later you will be in dumpling heaven. For your measly dollar you get 4 (used to be 5 back in the day) perfectly done little bits of Chinese pork perfection. Do yourself a flavor favor and douse them in the vinegar and sriracha conveniently provided by the good people at prosperity. If you are feeling bold and want to stray from the beaten path, prosperity has some solid boiled dumplings as well. But be ready to wait. Unlike their fried cousins, the soup dumplings are made to order and take some time - not that they aren't worth the wait; they are very good in their own right. I don't really know of anyone but tourists who order anything other than the standard dumplings. If you want to sound like a local, there's really no point in even looking up at that old discolored menu, just walk in and say a number (if your smart no more than 3), followed by the word "fried"
I don't know how I should start this, but they are good fried dumplings dont get me wrong. It's just the experience overall that leaves a bad taste in my mouth. We ordered the dumplings and Won Ton soup for $3 total. That's a really good price, but while we were eating, the "chef" pulled out a cigarette and smoked in the kitchen. I pretty sure that's a health code violation...The counter guy was coughing up a storm and did not cover his cough. I don't think I can ever be back with that in mind. First and last time. Thank you though! Oh and the Won ton soup is tasteless, but the won ton was good.
Ah, a little piece of home in NYC. When walking around Chinatown, it reminds me a little of SGV...just more clustered and packed. 5 dumplings for $1..definitely can't get that price in LA. And what a bargain in NYC. They are tasty and hot which is good for a cold day. Just gotta take it elsewhere to eat it because there is no room to move! I now truly understand what a "hole in the wall" represents. We also tried the duck sesame pancake ($1.75) which was really good too except they put WAY too much cilantro in it! We had to pick out a lot of it. NY return factor: Quite high. Cheap & it tastes like home!
NOTHING on this menu is over $3 except for the FIFTY DUMPLINGS for $8. Pass on the hot/sour soup unless you REALLY like mushroom/fish flavor.
$1.00 for 5 delicious dumplings!!
honestly, i think people come here because its dirt cheap. you can feed 4 people for under 15$. it was a snack, but the four of us had a duck pancake,1 order of fried dumplings, 2 orders of steamed dumplings 1 order of fried buns, 1 wonton noodle soup for 11$. they were all mediocre at best but a line started forming after we ordered. thank god we beat the rush. i would've been angry if i had to wait to eat this mediocre food.
I realise there is not much to add here to what's already been said many times, but I continue to be astonished that they can serve these $1 dumplings, and even tastier $2 veggie dumplings. We are talking a lot of flavour here, and lots of chives! Most of all, I am astonished by how good the sesame pancakes are. I'm not sure I have had any others that are better, let alone cheaper. They may skimp a little on the vegetable filling, but it is a beautiful crunchy outside & gooey moist inside creation that just warms my heart and belly. Don't ever change.
One of the main advantages of moving to Manhattan is Prosperity Dumpling being so close to my apartment. Thank you! For $5 I can get 4 chive and pork dumplings, a sesame pancake with vegetables inside and a can of coke. That is unheard of in NYC! I think to myself I just managed to spend $5 on dinner. Everything is very tasty and the service had always been great as well. I would recommend this place to anyone that wants some cheap Chinese food in the area!
Cheap and delicious food
If you ever have the itch to win a bet or incur the hatred of a friend, please, please, I implore you--dare that friend to eat fifty dumplings here. That's $10 please, the cost of an appetizer at many a Manhattan eatery. I did just that a few months ago, and I have to say, since that fateful evening, when I spent an hour sitting in that tiny shop watching my friend painfully swallow pork chive dumpling after pork chive dumpling, I haven't really been able to come back to this place. But as I do have some good memories of this place, I'll post a review anyways. The pork and chive dumplings. At 5 for $1, perfectly, perfectly acceptable. More than acceptable in fact. Unfortunately, I've been spoiled by both my mother's lovingly made dumplings and the completely drool-worthy dumplings you find in Beijing, so my dumpling standards are slightly skewed. But really! These are great. They're huge, and you shouldn't need more than 10 to satisfy you. The skin is somewhat thick, which isn't really up my alley, and the filling ample. Go for the fried ones, as the steamed ones here are somewhat lackluster. Another great menu option is the sesame pancake. Gloriously huge and super satisfying, I've picked these up a couple of times when I'm hungry and hopping on the F train somewhere. Get them stuffed with vegetables to make yourself feel better about the fact that you're just cramming fried dough down your throat. The peanut butter noodles were sadly rather mediocre here, dry and uninspired, which is disappointing because that is one of my FAVORITE Chinese hole-in-the-wall dishes. But fortunately there are many dumpling/Fujianese restaurants down the street that do it well. Verdict: come here to experience the hype, or when you feel like having a meal that costs less than a ride on the subway. But realize that the other dumpling places on Eldridge are just as good or better and have more room to sit.
I was in the area, so I stopped by Prosperity Dumpling to get some food to go. I'm surprised that this place gets rave reviews because of their low prices. Yes, you can get 10 dumplings for $2, but how much of that goes into the employees' pockets? It looks like a sweat shop factory in here - several workers are literally crowded in a tiny, hot place working hard to make your food. I couldn't enjoy my food because I just felt so bad for the workers. It was partly my fault - I should've known just from reading the prices. But it hit me after I ordered. If you're going to buy here, then at least tip something extra. Make it fair.
Everything that the other reviewers have said is TRUE! 1) Sometimes the line is a little out of hand. Be patient because your payoff awaits. 2) The fried pork/chive dumplings are amazing! 3) Make sure you take some home...50 for $8! Delicious. Nothing more to say. So glad we made it there finally!
First time I came here it blew my mind. I had heard about it before, but I didn't believe it - THIS PLACE IS REAL. If you've heard about the 20 cents per dumpling, yes, it's true: five pork/chive fried dumplings for $1. Most are between 20-30 cents, though: like the 10 steamed pork/chive dumplings for $2.25. There's a few bar stools but people understand this is more of a grab and go place. The dumplings are ridiculously good for their price. This is such a steal of a restaurant. Do go, and go often.
Great deal of a buck, but not the most amazing dumplings I've ever had.  I actually though Tasty Hand Pulled noodles dumplings were better, but still a great snack when your in the neighborhood. They water down the shiracha sauce which is kind of shady
no frills just good dumplings.
I was challenged to come here from one yelper in cali(you know who you are lol) to come and try out the dumplings here. I'll break down my experience with my famous pro and cons style PROS: -even when chinatown basically closes around 9ish this place is open and always packed for business that's how good their food is. -they have an assortment of different dumplings, and wontons even noodle dishes are  available to you and it's quite tasty - the sesame pancake was pretty dam amazing so that's my recommendation to you all reading my review -the prices were very cheap for 8 dollars I manage to get a large soup,10 pcs of shrimp dumplings and a sesame pancake and I still have yet to finish it all. CONS -This place is hard to find if your not familiar on that side of chinatown (it's a block away from the park in chinatown) -my huge issue was the translation! You might want to just bring a native speaker to show you the way, and for those who are learning Chinese (mandarin or cantonese) try not to get offended if you heard a word that you might think its bad lol cause I fell in this trap Overall I enjoyed the food! When I go back to chinatown (which is often) then I'll check this spot back for some food to take back to the Bronx!!
This place is amazing. So cheap and really friendly staff. Only downside is that it can get a bit cramped.
This place was on point with taste and price. Can't believe how much we ate for under $5. Perfect spot for us biking through Manhattan. I will definitely be back. The fried dumplings are definitely my favorite with some saracha or soy sauce. The Pork and chive boiled ones come in second. Don't expect to have a sit down dinner at this place cause it's tiny but definitely worth going if you're in the area.
You know those parcels of mystery meat that the faux-Chinese kitchen sells? They are not dumplings. In fact, I tell my friends they haven't had a real dumpling until they've been to Prosperity. The staff knows what they are doing. Dumplings are fresh.  Wrappers are thin, and filling is juicy and flavorful. Sesame pancakes, pork buns, and soups are also a solid choice. Even with a line out the door, you will be acknowledged and served quickly. No language barrier here either, unless you're an idiot like the guy behind me tonight and feel the need to ask a zillion questions about everything on the menu.
Those are damn good dumplings. 5 ($1) will hold off your hunger for a while, but you can also pick up something like the baked sesame duck thing (forget the name $1.50, bomb!) Nice place, fast pace. Pick up frozen dumplings to cook at home. Fry on oil, add water, cover. Soo easy.
Giant bag of really good pancakes and dumplings for $5.  Thanks for directing me here Yelp.
I love this place so much. I don't even know how many times I've frozen my ass off waiting in line outside. The dumplings are hot, fresh, and delicious. Pork fried are my favorite, but the boiled and veggie are pretty good too. I bring all my out-of-town friends and family here and they're always super impressed. When the weather's nice, grab some dumplings and a coke and head over to one of the parks nearby. It's especially nice in early evening when families are out for a stroll and kids are playing in the streets like it's a suburb.
This is really and truly a hole in the wall.  There are no tables, only a sidebar with four stools.  They close at 10:00 PM and when we arrived at 9:45 PM they were already mopping the floor and closing down.  They still had some dumplings and were gracious enough to accommodate us.  We had the pork and chive dumplings.  The verdict?  It was OK.  Just ok.  I loved the crispy texture on the outside of the dumpling.  But it was a little oily and it tasted ok, nothing out of this world.  I actually felt like it needed more salt, to be perfectly honest.  For the price, it's definitely worth it but I know I can find better dumplings closer to home.
Been here twice in 2 weeks. First time I had the dumplings which were fried and terrific. The second time I had the dumplings boiled and they were even better. The sesame pancake stuffed with duck, cilantro and carrots is fantastic. There is always a line outside the door and for good reason, it great and worth the trip.
Loved it!  We got the sesame pancakes and pork dumplings.  A ton of food for under $10. The only complaint we had was the was nowhere to sit down and eat it!  We just stood on the sidewalk and ate it.
Wow. So good. and so cheap. The dumplings are very filling and you get a ton for a few bucks. The sesame pancakes are also really good, and really big. Add some sriracha and you're set.
This is the tiniest hole-in-the-wall walk-up dumpling place I've ever seen. It's funny how they try to cram a seating area into the small ordering area, but it's appreciated. There's usually no where to sit here, but there's a park like a block away to eat in. If there's anything to rave about here, it's the value. -=-Pork and Chive Dumplings-=- These are what make this place. It's good, get it, get 5, get 10 even. It's going to cost you less than 5 bucks anyway for your entire meal. There's a slight crisp to it, which I thoroughly enjoyed. Taste is standard. Sauce is great. DON'T FORGET THE DUMPLING SAUCE. I would have cried if I walked a block and forgot it. -=-Sesame Pancake-=- It was a bit thicker than to my liking, but it's still good. It's actually more bready, than pancake. This will fill your tummy if the dumplings don't. -=-Hot and Sour Soup-=- Wasn't too much of a fan of this. The flavor was there, but the flavor was slight. I could have passed on the hot and sour. The contents were atleast adequate since it wasn't all liquid.
So I was very very ambivalent about how great the dumplings would be here mainly because 1) I had a hard time believing my vegetarian friend that their dumplings did not include cardboard fillings instead of real veggies and 2) friend is the whitest Asian boy I know. That being said, he totally pwned me because the dumplings here are SUPER GOOD and the sesame pancake is SUPER GOOD.  And it's really, really, really cheap...friend totally splurged and treated me to our $6 meal, 2 servings of everything and soda included!  And you can also buy bags of like 60 frozen dumplings for $8 or something like that to take home (but they run out of certain kinds by mid-day sometimes). It's super small and you prob won't be able to sit down, but you can always take it to go and sit on a bench somewhere and marvel at how delicious and filling your $3 meal is. Love it.
Wow, the cheapest dumplings I had ever paid for!  Found this place while yelping for some good asian food. This place is sooo cramped up, not much place to sit. Probably only have seats enough for about 6 ppl.  Inside was stuffy & full of oil smell, yuck. I ordered the pork & chives boiled dumpling, 10 for $2!  This was really dam good. Very meaty.  Also ordered the shrimp and cabbage dumpling 10 ofr $2.50. Now this one I didn't like. I ate half of the first dumpling and didn't even taste, feel or see any shrimp! So I thought they gave me a veggie dumpling instead of the Shrimp. So I walked back and told them, they open the other dumpling that I had, and searched through the cabbage and found a tiny ency wincy shrimp....I was like...okay...that's so not worth it.  Overall, I would def come back for the pork dumplings...and possibly try their pan fried pancakes.
Chives and Pork Fried Dumplings - you get 5 of them, nicely and crisply fried, for $1.  Yes, $1.  They're open early in the morning, and are always opened, regardless of holidays.  There is a tiny table lining the walls where you can sit and eat (bar-like style), but you'll gobble these babies up so quickly, you'll be out of there in no time.  Don't forget the soy sauce; these were good sized, service was wicked fast, and we got our dumpling fix.  Yum!
So this place does not look inviting at all.  If i didn't read all the yelp reviews, I would not have trekked over to this end of NY's Chinatown to look for a dumpling shop.  But I did read the reviews and headed out to Chinatown to find this little treasure.  Yelpers did not lie. 5 fresh, fried dumplings for $1.  BF and I quickly got our order to go (took less than 2 minutes) after surveying the "Eat-in" area (which is 2 small counters on the side with bar stools - very cramped).   The dumplings were good but not THAT great but maybe I just got too hyped up from reading the reviews or maybe my batch of dumplings just weren't fried to perfection.  But seriously, its 5 dumplings for a dollar! Go try it if you're in the mood for dumplings (to go) and don't want to pay a dollar per dumpling.
The dumplings, and OMG, the sesame pancake, here are delicious at this pretty much take out only joint. I say pretty much, because we did opt to dine in at the tiny counter since we're tourists with nowhere to go and eat our dumplings. Being crowded in the small, busy space is a small price to pay for such good food. And 'small price to pay' is a theme here. The food is so inexpensive that I over-ordered because I didn't see the # of dumplings per order on the menu. It's no wonder they are so busy, with a constant stream of customers placing orders. We also saw several bags of frozen dumplings sold to lucky New Yorkers who get to cook these at home. The pork and chive dumplings were great, but we didn't love the shrimp. I had a sesame pancake with duck, and my wife had one with chicken, and both were delish.
Does cheap automatically make something good? Not sure about that - personally I think while the deals here are ridiculous (where else can you get a few dumplings for a dollar), I would only recommend this joint if you're looking to grab on the go, or don't mind eating on the street.   The place is tiny, I'm talking about fire hazard tiny.  There's barely enough room for a line, let alone to sit and dine aside from a few feeble stools by the walls.  The sight of a space heater in such a tight space also freaked me out.  Is it a death trap?  Good thing I was in and out real quick. The dumplings themselves taste pretty decent.  They are good enough that I often stop by to buy 50 frozen ones to go so I can cook it at home.  The whole bag of pork chive dumplings costs only $9 bucks and can feed you for a good number of days.  The flavor is decent.   If you're looking for cheap food - yeah come here.  As long as you're not a stickler for quality, you'll be fine.  Just watch out for that crazy space heater by the door.
Pork and chive fried dumplings - 4 for a dollar!!!! SO GOOD Sesame pancake with duck is another absolute winner - straightforward, clean flavors, fluffy pancake. Call ahead to make sure they're open.
I rarely give 5 stars to eateries or cafes but WHAT?? 5 generously-sized and super tasty and Authentic Dumplings for $1???? HELL YES PLEASE, give it to me baby (uh-huh uh-huh OMG WTF? lol) Anyways, back to reality. After I got my Slush with Boba in Quickly's, I was sort of in the mood to eat something but didn't want to spend much. After searching for the cheapest and the nearest place to eat on Yelp, I read many good reviews about this place so decided to give it a try. I walked in, it's really a hole in the wall kind of a place. It's small but there is constant overflow of customers going in and on (mostly taking out their food) The menu is both in Chinese and English which is definitely helpful and the service is no frills and to-the-point. I had two orders of Chive and Pork Dumplings (5 pieces for $) and the dumpling guy took my order and my dumpling came out in 10 seconds. I sat down on the limited seating area, put on Sriracha sauce on my Dumpling, bit in, and literally felt orgasm again in my mouth. I usually don't come to "dine-out" or even "eat" in Chinatown as the menus are sometimes all in Chinese and I have NO clue what they are and what to order. But this place is simple. Just DO get the dumplings, it's their signature product (can't you see the place is called Prosperity Dumpling for God's sake!?) After devouring the 10 dumplings, I had $2 left and decided to try one of the Sesame pancakes with Peking Duck. It was my first time trying it and although it was pretty good, I'll stick with Dumplings next time I come here. I swear you CANNOT beat prices like this anywhere in MANHATTAN. Where else can you get 50 generously sized (I thought they were big like Korean dumplings) Chive and Pork Fried Dumplings for under $10??? (they are $9 btw) SIMPLY NOWHERE!! If I lived near Chinatown, I would come here everyday and spend like under $6 a day for both lunch and dinner.Try this place, it's just that good!! Freshly made and no frills and just pure deliciousness!! Will definitely be back!! **CASH ONLY** (You probably know that, it's Chinatown bitches~!!)
These guys know what I want as soon as I walk in the door now.  I hit this place up at least twice a week for pork and chive dumplings and even a sesame pancake with beef if I feel like dropping some real change.   For real though... I'm going to miss the hell out of this place.
I was co-erced into coming here by a friend after I reluctantly refused to abandon my allegiance to Vanessa's...   I grew up with a proper northern Chinese grandmother who makes the world's greatest dumplings. Prosperity is good but the skin is too thick, not how a proper Chinese dumpling should be. Place is seriously a hole in the wall but service is friendly.
Compared to Vanessa's Dumpling House a few blocks up, this place has 1/10 the size but equally (and arguably slightly better) delicious dumplings (pan-fried of course, who makes a trip to Chinatown to eat steamed dumplings? You can get the same from any frozen food section of a Chinese supermarket, or even from any generic Chinese takeout menu). The downside is of course the compactness of the space, with 4 stools, and therefore a maximum seating capacity of 4. Therefore, the recommended order is: 1) 8 fried dumpling 2) one sesame pancake 3) one hot and sour soup 4) 3 more sesame pancakes, for later. Then head to the park right next to the store, and sit down on the bench and eat.
Came here after I read about it on yelp.  I was craving chinese food so my brother and I stopped here for a quick post-dinner snack.  We ordered one serving of the pork and chive fried dumplings.  They were delicious!  Perfect seasoning and meat consistency, as well as hot and fresh.  The cook certainly knew how his costumers work - we were in and out in under a minute.
A huge fan of their sesame duck pancake.  Best to eat right away.  The pancake is soft and crispy, I can just eat them plain. The dumpling skin is too doughy for me though they do fill you up.   Forget about eating onsite.  People go in and out all the time so might as well just eat them outside.
BEST. DUMPLINGS. EVER. ....if I wasn't from Baltimore, I would live here. You just can't beat 50 dumplings for $10!
$1 for 5 dumplings? How is this even possible!? This tiny hole in wall can fit about six people seated and another six standing. Wait patiently in line, order and pay quickly and then stand outside shoving these hot tasty morsels in to your mouth.
The rating is mainly for it's price.. because you CANNOT go wrong with the prices here.  You get the most bang for your buck! If I am walking around Chinatown, minimally hungry, looking for a quick bite, Prosperity Dumpling would be one of my main go-to places.  FIVE fried dumplings (chive and pork) for just $1?!? If you want to eat a little more, get the Pork or Duck Sesame Pancake for $1.75.  You can also get the Vegetarian Sesame Pancake, which is even cheaper!  If you are a spicy fan, they have the usual Chinese spicy sauce around for extra flavor. This place is honestly what you would define as a legit "hole-in-the-wall" place because this place is VERY small.  Do NOT expect to eat in here.  This place can get pretty busy due to its low price.  Though there are a few seats, your best experience of Prosperity Dumpling is definitely on-the-go.   My usual is just paying $1 for 5, or $2 for 10 dumplings.  And them I'm on my way out!  Quick and easy. To be honest though, there is nothing special about the taste of the dumplings or the sesame pancake, but with it being dirt cheap, this place is good enough in my book.  I treat the food at this place as an appetizer to where I will actually eat my main meal at later. Though if you are short on money, 10 dumplings and 2 sesame pancakes comes out to only $5.50.  A good price for a meal to say the least!
I love mom and pop shops! Don't allow the hole in the wall decor throw you off from coming here and ordering the best affordable meal in NY. The most popular choice is probably the 5 fried dumplings they offer you for $1! The lightly fried chive and pork dumplings are made to order and boy do they go by fasT! If you love their dumplings as much as I did, they also sell 50 frozen dumplings for $9 to take home. The lines go by quickly and is pretty much a self-help place. There's utensils, hot sauce and black vinegar soy sauce you can add to your food available on your way out. Also, if you can stand the heat from the kitchen, there are a few counter stools available but fills up quickly as well. It's best if you just order to go and eat at the park nearby. Most importantly this place doesn't accept cards so make sure to bring your cash money.
I'm very happy with my experience-- It was about 17 minutes before the departure of my Apex Bus (the bus stop is on the other side of the same block) when I stumbled into this place off a drunken whim. 5 for a dollar. I ordered 2 bucks of steamed but that was cutting it close so he scooped me the pan-fried. Soy sauce + sriracha, hot, juicy pan-seared dumplings and chives. A bit oily but it was heaven regardless. Something to look forward to when having to leave the city and endure a crap-ride home on Apex.
The sesame pancake, dumplings, pot stickers, hot and sour soup, it's all SO good, and SO cheap! But don't come here and expect to have a nice, sit-down dinner with the family. It's a very tiny place (wouldn't even necessarily call it a restaurant), more like a bar with five stools. Most people order to go, or come here and grab a quick lunch. But considering how good and how cheap the food here is, I don't mind!
L.A.'s chinatown needs to take note! Nuff said.
What's juicy, delicious, comes in pack of 4s, cost less than a Big Mac and is the worst kept secret since Beyonce and Jay-Z's marital problems (sorry, total low blow)? The answer? An order of dumplings from Prosperity Dumpling (ps: the pork and chive dumplings are the bomb-diggity). Of course, they've got more than just cheap and delicious dumplings. They also have delicious sesame pancakes with a variety of fillings, including Peking duck(!!), and noodle dishes. The sesame pancakes are pretty heavy, so don't go too crazy with your orders. Since this place is literally a hole blasted through the wall, it's going to get pretty cramped. Expect some invasion of privacy, but without the UNTZ UNTZ UNTZ of going to a club. Anyways, long story short, everything here is a steal. A meal here is basically committing highway robbery, so what's stopping you?
Lets just keep this short and simple. Got 3 orders of dumplings (roughly 8-10 pieces each order I believe). 3 sodas, and a sesame pancake.. All for $16. So the price is already a steal. Chicken boiled dumplings: 6.5/10 Shrimp boiled dumplings: 7.5/10 Chive & pork dumplings: 8.0/10 My suggestion... Stick to the fried dumplings... Much better! But still great dumplings. It's a bit far but worth it. And there's not much space to sit so keep that in mind.
This place, more than any other in New York, gives me tremendous ordering anxiety. Forget about remembering the name of something you see in a Yelp photo and then reciting that to the impatient purveyor or this place. Even a simple order of, say, "a dozen fried dumplings", will elicit a hurried "Huh!?" out of the guy. You rack your brain to quickly determine the word he doesn't understand. "Dozen?" "Fried?" You hand him cash you really just end up accepting whatever he gives you. That said, it's always good.
Best dumplings I've ever had. I order my takeout by looking at the price to make sure I get my fill, and this place was a struggle to get to $10. Ended up with far more than I could ask for, and the most delicious dumplings and sesame pancakes ever. No idea how they can turn a profit selling to people like me.
I love this place. To be honest, I've never actually gone in (my dad usually buys the food while I sit in the car and wait like the lazy sack that I am), and I just saw the exterior of the restaurant for the first time today. It sure looks dingy, but don't let the appearance fool you. Their dumplings are amazing. They're pretty big, the flavor's good, and they're not as oily as dumplings tend to be in many other dumpling places. Best dumplings in Chinatown (yeah, I said it), and therefore, Manhattan. Since I'm in a raving kind of mood, I'd also like to mention that their hot and sour soup is one of the best to be found in Chinatown. It has the perfect amount of spiciness, and they put a lot of different things in there so it's not 90% soup and 10% miscellaneous crap floating around. Sure, you laugh now, but there are many places that serve hot and sour soup like that. Again, since I've never gone into the restaurant myself I don't really know how much the food costs, but the fact that 'cheap' is a keyword for more than 50 reviews here really speaks volumes.
Incredibly cheap and very very satisfying. This little hole in the wall was a wonderful find. I can get so much food for under $10. 5 Dumplings for a $1! Crazy. I think soup was around $2-$3. Sesame pancakes were less than $1. It can feed two very very hungry people. As you can see by the price we were hungry. The dumplings were nice and juicy. Their pancakes were crispy on the outside but soft and fluffy in the inside. The dumpling soup was good, had better though. But for the price and portion this place is amazing. It's pretty small restaurant will only a few stools to eat. So you either wait for a spot or take it go.
Awesome dumplings! Ordered the dumpling soup. The dumplings were juicy and the skin of the dunplings were perfectly made so that it was slightly thick and chewy in texture. So cheap and so good to eat on a chilly day. They sell frozen and fresh dumplings that you can take home with you to make your own fried or steamed dumplings! Such an awesome deal!
Get the sesame pancake with duck and plenty of dumplings. Nothing on the menu is over $4. It's crowded, cash only, and not glamourous but none of that matters because it's a ridiculously good deal.
Sesame pancake..so beautiful and tasty..
We all know it's fast, cheap, and delicious. I stick to the pan fried pork and chive with some soy sauce/vinegar combo. Something about it gives it that extra kick. The times I've frequented I was lucky to grab a seat but honestly with all the hustling  you're better off to grab and go. Veg chive pancake are awesome as well. In reality they could use some gloves and practice a little better hygiene but I just pray Everytime for higher sanitary powers to watch over my dumplings.
It's so goddamn cheap. It's also pretty tasty. Hence, BEST DUMPLINGS EVER.
Really good dumplings. My favorites were the pork and chive fried dumplings and hot & sour soup. It has a few places to sit but the atmosphere does not do justice for the food it serves. Give it a try! You won't be disappointed or leave hungry.
Whoa, delish hand made dumplings, 5 for a buck and they are big! I prefer the 4 fried pork buns for 1.00. I've also tried the wonton soup which is a whopping 1.75. You can also buy them frozen for take away! There is very limited seating, tiny tiny. This is the place on Eldridge with the upside neon open sign and the dirty windows. I think they keep the prices so low by using slave labor... They are constantly yelling around those girls in the back screaming them to keep making dumplings. But you know what, that's fine with me because these dumplings are truly delicious, and truly inexpensive.
This is the kind of place where I simultaneously want to send everyone I know for the best cheap simple Chinese food I have had since visiting Taiwan, AND want to keep hidden so that not too many people find out about this tasty little hole in the wall. The food is basic - dumplings, soups, noodles, sesame pancakes - but utterly delicious.  Two of us ate soup, noodles, dumplings, and a veggie stuffed sesame pancake, all for $6.50.  The dumplings were piping hot and incredible, and I would have ordered a few more of the pancakes had I any room left in my stomach.  The soup was also excellent and the noodles with beef were really flavorful despite lacking the syrup-like sauce that typically drowns most American-Chinese noodle dishes. This place is a  true hole in the wall, with just a few bar stools and minimal English spoken, which made the experience all the more authentic.  I will most certainly be adding this place to my frequent visit list.
One of the best cheap eats I've had for the following reasons: 1. It is UNHEARD of to have a light-ish dinner for two for a whopping 3.75 in NYC (5.00 had we wanted a heavier dinner) 2. The menu caters to a pretty diverse crowd (great veggie options, pork, chicken and beef) 3. The sesame pancake. ^ i totally didnt think i would like the pancake but that bread was delish. We got it stuffed with veggies and it was pretty solid. I'm sure if you get it stuffed with pork it was be delish and very filling Only reason why I knocked off one star was because they could only do fried dumplings when i was there (i KINDA wanted to be healthy) If you're in the area, looking for awesome takeout prosperity is the place to hit up
Prosperity Dumpling has delicious food for the right price! I normally get the veggie dumplings, which are pretty good. But the sesame seed pancake is SOOOOO delicious. I could just eat sesame seed pancakes if I wouldn't feel so unhealthy afterwards. For only $1 you get a big slice of a giant sesame seed pancake!! There is seating inside but it's pretty small so a lot of times all the seats are taken. For the price of this place, and the deliciousness, you can't beat it!
I'll preface this review by saying that the rating is high because the food is so cheap. The food itself is home made and pretty standard. The restaurant itself is essentially a hole in the wall with a few barstools fro customers who choose to eat in. There's one guy taking orders and you'll catch a glimpse of the woman who makes the dumplings. The dumplings are usually precooked and just waiting there for customers (they'll heat them up, of course, on the stove). You can get your dumplings steamed or fried. DEFINITELY GO WITH THE FRIED BECAUSE IT'LL TASTE MUCH BETTER AND YOU WON'T END UP BEING JEALOUS OF YOUR FRIENDS. Add a little bit of soy sauce and these dumplings might become your everyday meal especially because 4 dumplings can fill you up quickly.
Say a way to a man's heart is through his stomach.  Way to my heart is through these $1 for five dumplings!  Ah, it's so good! You can even buy them frozen and make them at home!
How can you say no to $1 dumplings? After reading many reviews, I made sure Prosperity Dumpling was on my list of restaurants to try during my visit in New York. I came in for a quick morning breakfast. The place is in Chinatown and is very small. After looking over the menu I decided to order the fried pork dumplings (4 per order), beef noodle soup and fresh soy bean milk. The fresh soy bean milk is absolutely delicious. It comes unsweetened but there's a container of sugar in the front for you to add to your desired sweetness. It reminds me of the soy milk I had when I was in China. The fried dumplings was fried perfectly. It was so tasty. I ordered a serving to go for my fiance and he loved every bite of it. The beef noodle soup was okay. It wasn't the best but $3 it was a steal. It needed more flavor but after adding some hot sauce it tasted great. Thankfully, I don't live in NY or I would be going to this place all the time. Definitely worth the trip to Prosperity Dumpling for some yummy cheap potstickers.
Really good, really cheap dumplings. What more can you say? Very small hole-in-the-wall place and quite the trek from my usual Chinatown places, but well worth it.
If you read my review on Vanessa's dumpling, you'll see how much I love Prosperity. In spite of no room to sit, no air conditioning, no real sign of cleanliness, I love it. The crispy thin skin, the juice meat that really doesn't need other condiments. They've got a huge pan just to pan fry these dumplings. The best dumplings in this city. Not that I haven't had better though. Just not in NYC. I think I make better dumplings myself but man.. 5 for $1. I get two orders and am happy with dinner. Very happy.
The place is tiny, and the man speaks broken English, but 5 pork and chive fried dumplings for $1! .. need I say more? Surprisingly, not only is the dumplings super cheap, they are VERY tasty!  There's a good amount of pork/chives in each dumpling, wrapped in thin peels with one side nicely browned and crispy.  The place also sells boiled/steamed dumplings and pancakes, which I'm determined to try next time.  This is definitely going to be my usual spot! :)
well the place is small but people still find a way to stay and eat there that will show you how good they are juicy porky  goodness the chives give it a onion  taste bite into one be careful may squirt at you
Totally agree that if one did not want to eat expensive food in manhattan, it is completely possible to eat in Chinatown all the time! Unbelievably good fresh dumplings. we got the boiled dumplings in soup, but the popular ones are #4 and #5, where dumplings are 5 for $1/ That's right. Only 6 stools and a tiny bar to hunch over. The people here speak a non-cantonese dialect so don't order wontons (wasn't that good)...their specialty is the friend dumplings.
Stay away from the steamed dumpling shrimp. Go with fried dumplings. Sesame pancake with egg was burned. Place is meant for take out but with some counters to eat if needed. A small table outside the sidewalk. Cleanliness is a ???. Saw a roach while eating in the counter. Roach said hello while crawling out from a caulk crack!!!. A Chinese customer also noticed the watered Sriracha sauce bottles with a nice comment: "No good"! As expected, a visit to the bathroom was needed after 2 hrs. A first hand experience which negates all positives.   Sorry, no second time for me.
Hmm I enjoy this place. Let's start with that. Great value, tasty dumplings, fresh and ready always... What more could I want? Well unfortunately as I sat inside eating my dumplings during my last visit here I had a hard time figuring out how they received an A... I know many of you out there love this place so I'll refrain from stating all my reasons for their below A level food safety rating by me... But I will also let you know that what I saw was pretty gross and against food policy (and yes, I have a federal food safety certification, so I'm not just making this up). Overall, will I be back? Yes most likely, how could I turn away such cheap and incredibly unhealthy dumplings??
5 years ago, this would have been 5 stars -- but now we're in a new age of dumpling. I just cannot say that this is best of the best. That being said, it's cheap as hell, located in a closet in Chinatown, and the people are pleasant enough. There are soooooooooo many places to get a dumpling though, and I wouldn't travel more than a block to come here.
Dinner for 2 on Saturday night for $4.50! Are you kidding me? Honestly, this place had been on my mental to-do list for a long time now. So when a friend planned a birthday party a few blocks away, it was too good to pass up, despite the insane rain storm. We arrived wet and very hungry. We found the sign, ignored how sketchy it looks,  and were thrilled that it was still open. We walked in and quickly ordered dumplings, a seseame pancake and a soda. When I handed over a $5 and got change back, I was amazed. And after dunking the dumplings in the sauce, I was a believer. These dumplings are good, and big, and very tasty.   Next time, I'm going to get them frozen and enjoy them from the comfort of my cozy couch....
Delicious dumplings!!! Grab you order TO GO and about 1 block from there there is a public space (park) where you can sit down and have your food!! The place is very small and crowded most of the time... Some times you need to wait somebody leave so you can go in... Also try the sesame bread with pork...
Where else can you have delicious food that will satisfy your hunger for less than $2?!!! I was visiting China town and was in the mood for dumplings and checked this out since so many Yelpers recommended this place. I put in an order for 5 fried pork dumplings and 1 sesame pancake. The latter was incredible, and if I wasn't trying to semi-diet I would have ordered a couple more of these. The pancakes were nice and soft on the inside, and the top crust slightly crunchy with the perfect compliment of sesame seeds. Next, I started eating the dumplings and came away impressed with their flavor and freshness (saw the ladies making them). Two other patrons walked in and they were lamenting how Fried Dumpling off of Alan St had closed down a few months ago. They remarked how they ate there for lunch, and came back for dinner only to discover a 'hazard' sign over the front door. The kind of sign with the skull and crossbones on it. They said it was so good they would  come back even knowing of the 'hazards' there, but I digress. Their next favorite was Prosperity Dumpling, and since I won't have the chance of trying Fried Dumpling, then this is my 'go to' place for dumplings in the LES. Like the others said, no real seating available so come here and take that stuff to go.
I wish I could give 3.5 stars. This place isn't bad in the slightest--it just isn't the best either. The restaurant itself is literally a hole in the wall with no more than 10 places to sit. The cheapness in me wants to give it four stars merely based on the $1 for 5 fried dumplings that were pretty darn good. However, the foodie in me felt left with more to be desired. We also had boiled shrimp dumplings which were stuffed with lots of filler (cabbage) and a duck sesame pancake that was just okay. I'd visit again for the fried dumplings if I had less than 5 bucks in my wallet and happened in the area.
Their dumpling is average. No seasoning. Sesame Pancake is not crispy. Very thick like bread. No flavor.
Not impressed... sesame pancake was too doughy. I wanted something with a flakier texture, not some Asian rendition of foccacia. Dumplings also were not great. We had the chive and beef kind.... Meat wasn't very fresh, wrap was too thick, doughy, and sticky, and the filling didn't have enough ginger flavor. I'd been dying to try this place for years so I'm quite disappointed that it didn't live up to its hype. At its low price point, however, I guess you can't really expect much.
Delicious...$2.75 for 8 boiled Pork and Cabbage dumplings. Unlike mist places, lots of meat and not super thick dough. This is a small takeout and though could be chaotic, it's organized chaos. Enjoy !!!
Fantastic dumplings. Freshly prepared while you are there. I had both the fried and boiled and prefer the crispy outside of the fried but both are great. Price is amazing. 4 fried for $1 and 10 boiled for $2 sounds too good to be true, but it is, amazing flavor for the value. The restaurant is tiny, crowded, a bit dirty and the unlabeled brown sauce in an old Sriracha sauce bottle can give you pause, but it is absolutely with it.
I just don't know what to do with myself. I kept thinking about it over and over and over again. It still baffles me... Prosperity dumpling offers 5 dumplings for $1... and they are freakin delicious! I thought, "are they just good because they are only $1?" And even though that definitely was awesome, No! These are damn fine dumplings!! 4 of us walked in got 40 dumplings fried and boiled, wonton noodle soup, 2 hot and sours, and 1 corn chowder, and 1 sesame pancake with veggies (I think this was one of my only attempts at veggies in NY).. all for a delightful amount of.. wait for it.... less than $15.00. Yes, a dumpling feast! It was freakin awesome and so good in my belly...ah NYC... damn you orange county, damn you.
As a diehard Vanessa's fan, I was urged to check out Prosperity, a few blocks away due to yelp reviews. Please keep in mind, though, that this review is ONLY for the vegetable sesame pancakes. I thought the pancake was really good - a bit saltier, less oily and a bit doughier. Unfortunately the veggie filling fell flat. There wasn't enough of it and it wasn't as yummy as Vanessa's... Sorry Prosperity - I'm goin' back to Vanessa's!
For more reviews on other places to eat in Chinatown, check out my blog This place defines the classic hole in the wall experience. While its meant as a take out store, there are a few chairs for customers to dine on. I had $2 worth of dumplings and let me tell you, these 10 dumplings filled me up well. The price of $1 for 5 dumplings is quite common in the Chinatown area. There are a lot of dumpling houses in this city, some good some bad. Almost any Chinese person can make dumplings, even my parents do. Just because you can make flour, chop chives and mince pork doesn't mean you can make a great dumpling. Prosperity Dumpling tastes really good and the pork is not too salty nor fat but very tender. The typical Vietnamese hot sauce was available on the counter and it was not watered down, so it got quite spicy. For my next trip there I will try the sesame pancake and some soup items because its too hot in NYC right now. Positives: Price, taste Negatives: Location (not the heart of C.Town), cleanliness, selection
Dumplings are delicious but slow service and they skimp out on the shrimp :T
The cost of dumplings is so affordable that you might find yourself ordering one too many. Don't expect to find a seat to sit down + gorge yourself, tho.
WAAAAAAUUUUW. What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?! It is amazing. I came here right before closing and got one order of dumplings. By the time I left, I ended up going to the register 3 more times to order more. What to get: Fried Chive and Beef Dumplings (4 for $1) Sesame Pancake ($1) The dumplings might just be the best I've ever had. And it's not just because I'm super cheap and fell in love with the ridiculous price. But they taste AMAZING. The filling is done so well--perfectly marinated with the perfect ratio of chive to beef. In fact, I don't even like fried dumplings. I prefer them boiled, but the skin here is just perfect. The pancake is really fantastic. It'll fill you up for sure! They give you a piece comparable to a slice of pizza. For ONE FREAKIN DOLLA!!! It's got a great crunch with the perfect amount of soft layers and tons of sesame seeds on top! In conclusion, I am never going to any other restaurant in NYC's Chinatown ever again.
For the price, I will give this place 3 stars; but, I can tell you that this is not the best fried dumpling place in Chinatown. Their quality has gone down and the dough is made differently now. The dumplings are smaller, the dough is thinner, and cooked too crispy on one side. Explore your options elsewhere! This is an overly-hyped tourist spot now. Tip: Do not use the soy sauce and Sriracha that they provide. They are seriously watered down.
Pros: By far CHEAP, delicious, good quantity, and you get your food fast. Cons: 3 star out of 5 customer service Irving's Experience: I was here July 21st 2013 for vacation with a friend and I returned here because their prices were just too good and it was delicious. Their prices went up by a dollar but when I tell you it was cheap it was dirt cheap back in January 2013 now it's just cheap. Haha 10 dumplings for 2.50 and my sesame peking duck pancake another 3.50. It's not bad at all and I was definitely full and I'm a 5'11" 220lbs man. I came at 11:11am and there was already people there. Although I had 7 people ahead of me excluding my friend, we got our food in 5-7 minutes. Conclusion: Overall I recommend this place however the man that expedites looks and acts kinda mean but I think he's just a business man so don't take him as a mean man hahaha he's got orders on top of top of orders and hella people in the back completing orders in such a small venue. I would be a regular if I lived in NYC.
The fried dumplings are delicious, the steamed ones must be eaten right away or u will wind with one large gross mess. I don't like the sweet and sour soup, the seseme pancake with and with out beef was great. and yes they are 5 for a $1 and way better than the ones from local restaurants that u pay $4.95 for. (quick story) It was 2 days after thanksgiving and the hubby, kids, and I decided to go for a drive through Manhattan. While driving through Chinatown, one of my girls suggested going to "that cramped place with the good dumplings".  Woo Hoo $6 would have us stuffed with dumplings. So we get there and i'm like damn that place is crowded but what the hell how long could it possibly take.So I walk into the place and there's a bunch (like ten and if u have been there u know thats a LOT of people) people standing around smiling, I'm like have you ordered yet, and their like "yeah go ahead we're just enjoying the sights" wtf was that all about??? anyway the dumplings were great, but the tourist sucked!!!
My bestie took me here after telling me she comes here about 1-2 times a week. So I HAD to try this place out. Final verdict: Totes awesomeness! My friend didn't disappoint.   I got the Pork and Duck Dumplings with Hot and Sour soup. Then I tried the Duck pancake ( It kind of tasted like a bahn mi - but with a triangular sesame bun).   It's a hole in the wall with awesome food.  You have to come here.
I bet I could eat a hundred pork and chive dumplings. And it would still only cost $20.  However, I am satisfied eating 10 for $2... I wonder what part of the pig is in the dumpling?
This place is incredible. Four chive and pork dumplings for $1. You can get ten for $2.50. The dumplings are good-sized, stuffed with meat, and perfectly fried on the outside. They were juicy, doughy, and perfectly crunchy. Absolutely incredible. Very flavorful, and for the price, they can't be beat. Absolutely going back!
I concur.  Good enough when you are hungry and feeling lucky but your feet will stick to the floor.
Didn't take a pic because we inhaled the dumplings. If you happen to be in Chinatown and want a quick cheap meal .. I would recommend coming here! I went with my boyfriend and we ordered one order of fried pork and chive dumplings for $1 and an order of boiled pork dumplings for $2.75. They gave 4 fried pork dumplings and 8 boiled dumplings. That was plenty for us! Beware that it's a very small shop that is incredible hot inside. I'm guessing from all the boiling and frying that goes on in the back. If you're all about hygiene .. Or maybe claustrophobic ...You may want to wait outside while your friend orders. But it is Chinatown were talking about. The dirty hole in the wall look defines pretty much all of Chinatown.
For only a $1 you can get 4 delicious pork and chive fried dumplings at Prosperity Dumpling. The skin is thick and chewy, characteristic of dumplings originating from northern China. Sure, some other dumpling places still give you 5 for a $1, but they are nowhere as plump or juicy. Yes, you might question the age of the oil they use to fry the dumplings and yes, you might question how fresh the pork is. But hey, I've never gotten sick, and to be fair you wouldn't be able to eat at most Chinatown restaurants with that mentality. If you're in a hurry to eat, definitely get the fried version. Otherwise you're in for a wait. Besides, fried is way better than boiled :) Scallion pancakes - Try this if you're looking for something different. Crispy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. Stuff it with your meat of choice for added variety. Oh yeah, don't forget to buy a bag of 50 frozen dumplings to go. I pan fried some more later that night and they were just as delicious.
Pan fried chive and pork dumplings 4/$1.  Yum. Skin is medium thick - not as thick as Vanessa's Dumpling and not as thin as Lam Zhou Noodle.  If weather isn't terrible can get food to go and walk a block to the park and sit on a bench to eat it.
Oh how I love thee little dumpling house. Fresher and cheaper than the popular Dumpling House just up the way, but has a smaller menu. I would prefer people just stay up there. I will stay down here and there will be no trouble. I usually just get the pork and chive potstickers. 2 or 3 bucks and I am full and that includes a bottle of water. The folks are working hard in there but will give you a smile if you have one for them. 5 stars for smallness and tastyness.
I really don't know how these guys stay in business.  Yes, it's a hole in the wall, so they don't pay that much in rent.  Yes, they have to update their menu (and their prices) with black sharpies since they refuse to buy a sign to replace the one they opened with.  No, they do not seem to skimp on the quality of their dumplings which are excellent.  It's absolutely a steal.  I ordered a cornucopia of food, handed the guy a Hamilton and laughed at the ridiculous amount of change I got back (ok, slight hyperbole, but I did laugh).   The pork dumplings had a great ratio of chives and pork and just the right amount of oil.   If I ever get laid off I'm just going to eat all my meals here until I get back on my feet.  It's the only place where an unemployment check can get stretched in Manhattan.
My boyfriend went on a mission during his four years at NYU to try every cheap dumpling place in the city, and this was the winner (for fried and steamed pork dumplings, the obvious control item.) SO DELICIOUS, and of course, 5 very filling morsels for $1.
My friend told me about this place and I came to Chinatown looking for it. It's very small! Can only fit 4 people in the small hole in the wall. The guy can speak a little English, but they work hard for their business. Everybody goes here (not only Chinese people) $1 for 5 dumplings! I got 10, then I wanted more and got another 5 and ate it all there. ahaha, it was pretty filling, I could probably eat more, but I saw other people were getting like 5 dumpling for one person, and here I was eating like a fattie... so I resisted on getting another 15...
Prosperity is far and away the best dumpling house in lower Manhattan.  To begin with, the pricing is, as other reviewers have mentioned, better than other places. Given, at these prices, it's not a significant savings, yet somehow, even at a lower price point, its dumplings outdo Vanessa's as well as the other store fronts from which I've ordered. Each dumpling is succulent, amply sized and fried nicely to crispness. While the namesake product is exceptional, it's actually two other things -- pork buns and the pancake -- that solidify Prosperity's claim to the top dumplings around.  Porn buns, at 4 for $1 are a marvel of culinary economy, plump, tender and well seasoned with generous amounts of cilantro. Garnish these with some julienned carrots, place on a square plate and these could easily fetch upwards of $12 in a chi-chi pan-asian tapas restaurant.  Yet, it's the pancake is my favorite of the offerings.  Substantial enough to serve as a small lunch with a choice of fillings (go for vegetable) and great texture. Portable enough to take with you. Sadly, unlike the bulk dumplings which are available frozen, the pancake is not. For (far less) than $10, there is not a better meal in Manhattan.
Cheap and tasty. It's no wonder that Prosperity Dumpling is on the top of so many lists... Dumplings are moist, flavorful, and probably the best dumplings in the city--and I've eaten almost everywhere.
The best dumplings I've ever had. This place is super fast and super cheap. It's a hole in a wall and barely any seating in the hot venue. This place is near the edge of Chinatown but worth the trek. Get the fried or steamed pork and chive dumplings and dip it with the soya sauce. Absolutely heavenly! I would come back any day. It's perfect for a cheap lunch! Busy but not too busy. It'll take maybe 5 minutes from you arriving to you getting those delicious dumplings in your gullet. Chow down here!
$2.50 for 6 dumplings - holy crap! I was too impatient to wait for them to be fried so got the boiled ones instead.  Next time I'll wait for the fried ones.
After an adventurous NYE, this was my first meal in 2009: 10 pan-seared chive dumplings washed down with hot soy milk. $2.75's worth of deliciousness. Cheap, fast, and filling, dumplings are my new sliced pizza.  Prosperity offers skin much thinner than at another other c-town place, and the pan searing makes them crunchy.  Have it with the dark vinegar, because the white one is weaksauce. Bonus: Piping hot soy milk is served in a plastic quart (see pictures); you add sugar to taste (spoon from the vat of sugar found with the cashier).  Perfect way to warm the belly when temps are below freezing outside. Careful for those dining in: the place gets steamy, and condensation collects on the ceiling.  Once in a while, a drop or two of water could land in your soup / milk / dumplings.
I am not really a fan of dumplings but those dumplings were so cheap and good. I got the fried pork and chive and it had a crunch and a lot of flavor. The place is the smallest place I have ever been to. I can't even call it a restaurant cause it's so small. If you are claustrophobic have someone go in and grab it for you. But a dollar for 4 dumpling. I had a meal for two bucks. It was great.
My girlfriend and I went here. I'm a big fan of Tasty dumpling but was looking for a place closer to my apt. I loved this place. We got way too much food and spent only 8 bucks total! My favorite is the fried dumplings and the plain sesame seed pancake; it's salty, greasy and good. The vegetable and beef sesame seed pancakes taste very similar to viet sandwiches (because of cilatro and carrots). The place is super small so if you find a seat during peak hours you may be elbow to elbow with someone you'd never met before. One thing I beg is that if it's busy, please eat and move on. There was a group when we went that was just taking up all the space and chit chatting, people had trouble fitting in the tight space. This isn't the best location to just hang out with friends.
Now that I work in the LES, i get pork bun/wonton soup cravings like whoa. Compared to Vanessa's down the block and Fried Dumpling on Allen, this is the best of the 3. The only thing Fried Dumpling has on Prosperity is the spacious seating. In this one, theres two counters against each wall and about 8 people can fit in this small box if we squeeze together. But hey, i'm all about quality and speed. $3 and i'm full!
OK.  I admit it.  I was a dumpling virgin.  And I'm sort of a scaredy-cat when it comes to trying new food.  So I did my Yelp research and settled on Prosperity...and because it's so goddamn cheap, I knew it would be worth the risk if I hated it.   I ordered the veggie dumplings (boiled) and the sesame pancake thing and headed over to the park.  The pancake, although just a touch salty for my taste, was doughy on the inside, crisp on the outside and delicious.  And, only $.75 to boot!  I scarfed it down and wished I had another piece since I was still a bit hesitant on trying the dumplings.  But I really only needed one bite to make me a new-found dumpling lover.  The filling is lovely, reminiscent of a very fresh veggie spring roll.  I devoured my dumplings, stared at the empty container wondering why it was over so quickly and promptly fell asleep on the park bench.
This place is maybe two blocks away from Vanessa's Dumplings, and I would certainly walk those two extra blocks to get my dumplings from here. Better service and taste! They have $1 for four dumplings and other items on the menu. I had the wonton soup, soft tender wonton skin which comes with soup. Quick, cheap eats find.
Despite the funky smell, the extreme tiny-ness of the place, and the fact that you will generally feel uncomfortable until you leave, THESE DUMPLINGS ROCK. I loved the pan fried pork & chive, and whatever the hell else we got. We just picked some stuff, it came out to about $5, and we proceeded to eat all 30 or so dumplings while randomly saying yummmmmm. Make sure you have a plan on where to eat these. If you want to eat in the street, cool. No judgement here.  Just know that there is room for literally 5 people inside this place. Soup dumplings are in soup and take longer to make. Go, eat dumplings, say yum.
I get the hype, same setup as Vanessa's, only from a traditional chinatown location. I enjoyed the dumplings no doubt, and the same (as Vanessa's) more-than-affordable prices makes the taste that much better! For the dumpling amateurs, make sure you get the pork and chive, not the pork and cabbage, ALWAYS! Now these dumplings..... The skin is thicker than Vanessa's which makes them more filling and taste-wise, that's up to the person. Me personally, I like the slightly skinnier dumpling skin at Vanessa's and the slightly crunchier crust at Vanessa's more than those at Prosperity. But very similar, same prices, etc... I will definitely be back here again! haha
It's amazing I could be this disappointed by a meal I paid less than $3 for. Looking at the 1000+ positive reviews I have to wonder if the had their d-squad in the kitchen today. The dumplings were chewy and tough. The sesame pancake was cold and the duck was pretty flavorless. I was raised to never waste food but I still couldn't bring myself to finish the food from Prosperity. If you find yourself on Eldridge st and craving dumplings do yourself a favor and walk the extra blocks to Vanessa's.
I visited Prosperity Dumpling for the first time on a Saturday morning when I didn't feel like cooking anything or eating cereal. It wasn't that early but the shop was pretty quiet. I got one order of fried dumplings ($2.25) and one order of boiled dumplings ($1). At those prices it's not like I have major complaints but I didn't really love the way the fried dumplings were fried. I would recommend getting the boiled dumplings instead though they were both good. I liked the slightly chewy wrapped of the boiled dumplings. You don't go to Prosperity Dumpling to have a spiritual experience. You go because you want a cheap snack and you don't feel like cooking. The dumplings are tasty but not incredibly flavorful. Oh, and I should note that there's a slightly longer wait (maybe 7 minutes or so) if you want boiled dumplings.
I went here thinking it was going to be very similar to AA Plaza (in Flushing). There are much fewer choices here, but what they do have, they do it well. I have been here multiple times and I can get stuffed for $4! The dumplings are 5/$1. Unbeatable!!! Pretty cool how they don't really burn 'em considering how many are going at once. These taste good on their own, but even better with a little hot sauce and soy sauce. I once got the boiled dumplings, because somebody ordered 300 fried dumplings right before I came in. The boiled ones are just not as good. The place is usually packed, so I eat at this mini-park outside of an apartment complex... there are a few benches and it's less than a block away. The beef pancake is very filling but it's just aite. I feel the meat is too chewy and the star anise flavor is a little overpowering. If you've never had it, try it, it's affordable. Hopefully you'll like it more than I did. Dumplings are 5/5 stars Beef Pancake is 3/5 stars If you're nearby, even if you're full, just drop by for "$1 of dumplings"
Great Value! Delicious dumplings. Walked to the little park on the corner to enjoy our tasty treats. Now back in Colorado dreaming of these wonderful dumplings. Why you so far NYC!!!
There's not much to say about Prosperity that hasn't been said before - and there's not much to differentiate it from the various dumpling joints in the neighborhood. Their dumplings are better than average, certainly, but not earth-shattering. The sesame pancakes I found a little on the dry side, compared to Vanessa's Dumpling House a few blocks North. Good for a quick, greasy, fill-up.
Wow, I am convinced that a great majority of the people on here have never experienced food with an ounce of flavor so every time they eat something with a little bit of salt and pepper they think it's the best thing ever. Um, I came here with my best friend because it's kind of near my school and I'm broke so, 2.75 for 8 dumplings sounded like a deal. I get there, followed the directions given by fellow yelpers (order by number since their English isn't that great) and got my order straight away. I put some soy sauce on it, tasted it and was left unsatisfied. Even worse, I ate another and I felt like I was going to gag. Those dumplings ended up in the trash.
We are vegetarian and had the vegetable dumplings, the sesame pancake with veg., and the peanut noodles. The vegetable dumplings are nice, steamed not fried, with a really flavorful filling. I'm guessing the meat-filled fried dumplings are the main event because the sesame pancake is really what I would come back for... It's this sandwich where the bread is coated in sesame seeds and a little sweetness and then fried... The result is a bread with a crispy fried/toasty/sweet exterior with a soft interior... Really lovely. And they fill it with carrots and scallions which seem to be lightly pickled. Delicious. The peanut noodles are pretty basic and probably wouldn't have again. Four of us ate a lot of food... Including my omnivore boyfriend who had the pork and chives dumplings and a soup... And it came out to $26, drinks included.
I thought people were kidding about how good Prosperity was....actually I didn't try dumplings but everyone else in my group seemed to really enjoy theirs.  I got the sesame pancake with beef and was really happy that it came with pickled carrots and cilantro. Yay! At $1.75, it really filled me up, and is definitely enough for a meal.  Dumplings are $1 for 5, so you can still get really really full for under $5.   Service is quick, efficient, and no nonsense.  They call out your order by the dollar amount it's worth, which I found really funny. They don't really have seating (maybe 5 or 6 stools?) but table+chair not really required...haha I'll be back to try the dumplings, maybe buy the frozen ones, which come $11 for 50, I believe.
I am bitterly jealous of all who work in Chinatown. After a meeting in Chelsea, I decided to take advantage of my F train based route and stop here for lunch. It turns out that you can buy one of everything on the menu for under $40. Impressive.  I had the pork dumplings in soup, and a gigantic sesame pancake stuffed with vegetables (mostly shredded carrot.) Total cost to me was $2, but I think that the counter server may have gotten some math wrong. I think that roundup should have cost $3, but I'm not entirely sure. It was a good, and filling lunch. Part of me wants to say I WISH I COULD EAT AT PROSPERITY DUMPLING AND ITS LOW BUDGET CHINATOWN BRETHREN EVERY DAY! But that is overcome by the larger part of me that prefers my current diet, which is based primarily upon fresh vegetables and fruits, rather than processed wheat and meats. I love this street food, but I suppose that for my general health, I should be glad that I can't/don't eat like this *every* day. Can we compromise, Prosperity Dumpling? Can you give me 5 dumplings instead of 8 in the soup, and put in a bunch more baby bok choy than the one little guy floating around at the top of my takeaway tub? Moving onward into comparison-shopping, I think I actually prefer the even-more-hole-in-wall, even-more-limited-menu Fried Dumpling over on Mosco Street. There's something rather appealing about the fact that over at Fried Dumpling, they serve ONLY two types of dumplings, and ONLY three sides. Whereas Prosperity Dumpling feels like a veritable buffet in contrast. Still, I liked this place. I'll check out other similar shops before returning just to sate my curiosity, but I most definitely would/will return here.
Went here for a quick bite to eat after work.  Read about it in the latest cheap eats edition of NYMag.  They raved about this place and bemoaned the fall from grace of Fried Dumplings (the Allen St location) so I thought I'd give Prosperity a try, especially as I am a big Fried Dumpling (F.D.) fan, though I usually frequent the Mosco St location and can acknowledge that getting less fresh dumplings from them can be disappointing, and tough on the teeth.   Prosperity is tasty.  The dumplings were just finished in the big wok they make them in when I got there, and the dumplings were nicely fried on the bottom, the way they are at F.D. only about five or ten minutes after the cover comes off of them.  (Yes, there was a time when I ate there enough to judge the freshness of the dumpling to the minute by biting it.)  The pork and chive filling was tasty, though I didn't notice a big difference between it and the other very good Chinatown/LES joints.   One thing I did notice is that their Sriracha chili sauce was available full-strength and the soy/vinegar sauce was also strong, as compared to the diluted versions at F.D.  It's not a criticism I don't think, but I guess I've just gotten used to using the more diluted sauces and the more mild broth it makes with the dumpling juices.  So apply them carefully. Anyway, it's certainly worth grabbing $1 worth if you're close to Eldridge St, though I don't know how far I'd walk out of my way to have them as opposed to another of its brethren.  But still, 4 stars, because fried dumplings is tasty. P.S. Prosperity actually has a whole menu of other items, including steamed and veggie dumplings I believe, but everyone was there for the standard fried pork and chive dumplings.
A LOT HAS BEEN SAID. Great dumplings! But a cleaner aspect and seating areas/space would be nice!
Cheap and delicious dumplings. Their filling to wrapper ratio is spot on (wrapper is a bit thicker--just the way I enjoy it). Take out adds a dollar so keep that in mind when ordering.
One thing you'll always find in my freezer is a bag (or two or three) of dumplings from Prosperity. You get 50 for only $8, and they're great to have on hand for dinner appetizers, late night snacks, or if friends drop in unexpectedly.
I ate here when I was visiting NY and this place is the shit. We were able to get MORE than enough food to feed 5 people for $22. Amazing! It's a TINY hole in the wall with little to no seating, so don't expect to be able to sit and eat there. We ended up walking to a park a couple of blocks away to eat. Get the fried pork dumplings, those were the BEST! But we loved everything we tried.
If you have a friend in New  York that takes you to this place, what a good friend you have. the food is delicious and you can be stuffed on $6. Definitely try all the dumplings and all the sesame pancakes. It is a tiny place so plan to grab your food and sit a park or playground nearby. Also be ready for a possible line out the door. It will go quickly though so don't get discouraged!
No good. Ladies was rude. Place smells n was a waste of $6.25 didn't even try food. Would never go back n upset I listened to yelp reviews n really drove there during traffic to try.
Most people would think cheap food=cheap quality, but the food you get there is definitely satisfying!! 9 times out of 10, there's a longgg line. Sometimes they run out of stuff but the wait is usually not long. They got a good number of varieties and they're all "traditional"(I quoted that because most of the Chinese food here in the US are usually Americanized in some way or another to suit the taste of the people here). One negative part tho, is that their stuff is wayyy tooo oily, at least for me. Overall, I would definitely recommend their food!!
Even if you have to sit on top of the trash bin (quite possible, considering the restaurant's size) to enjoy your dumplings, sesame cake, whatever -- entirely worth it. I'm vegetarian and was looking forward to trying their boiled vegetable dumplings, but they didn't have any readily made and said that more would be ready in 15 minutes. If I wasn't in a rush, I totally would've waited. But I opted for the $1.75 sesame pancake with egg instead. It was so delicious. One ridiculously fried egg, shredded carrots, and a bit of cilantro all tucked inside a delicious chive and sesame cake. The cilantro was a nice kick, certainly defined the taste. Things are kind of hectic in there, so glance over the menu and know what you want to order before you get to the little window. Everything's extremely cheap...I don't remember seeing anything priced more than $4, except for some dumplings you can buy in bulk. Ooh, those would be nice to take home.
I really don't know if a better place for dumplings exists...Anywhere. This place is amazing and exactly what I expect/want from a dumpling place in China Town... its small, they don't speak English that well, and the food is amazing and cheap. A friend of mine and I went down here for lunch one day and our total together for two people including drinks was $5.25. That's right, and that included two orders of dumplings, a soup, a sesame pancake and 2 drinks... that's enough to like the place alone but then you taste it and everything is so good. This first experience ultimately led me to a just as amazing second trip down here in which i went home with 50 frozen dumplings for $8... love it.
Cheap and delicious dumplings. Thin skinned potstickers. Make yourself a little sauce with the soy vinegar and the sriracha. I want to eat it again. Like right now. Bring me dumplings. Please. I'm hungry. Really.
Not bad, not bad. I liked the meat inside, it was very very flavorful. The only thing that would make em even better is if the regular dumplings had thicker skin. All in all, fairly decent. Would come back again to satisfy future dumpling cravings.
After biking over the manhattan bridge, i found myself in chinatown and was hungry so I stopped by here. I had only $3 in my wallet so it was perfect! $2.75 for 10 dumplings. CASH ONLY. I got 10 pork and chive steamed dumplings which were really good. the dough wrapping was fresh and not too thick. The insides were really delicious. It almost had a soup dumpling feel and taste... just not as "soupy".. if you understand? It had a really good flavor. It tasted great even without soy sauce or sriracha, but of course those make it even better. I recommend eating it right away or soon after while it's still hot (don't burn your tongue though... which I did) I was disappointed with the price though... It used to be 10 steamed for $2 but now it's $2.75. Still cheap but a pretty big jump. Also, the sesame pancakes are not 50cents but now $1. Someone should update the prices on yelp. BUT STILL AWESOME! loved their dumplings. I want to try the fried ones... but i think if it's your first time, you should keep it pure and get the steamed ones. If you want some delicious dumplings at a fairly cheap price... BOOM go here.
I will dream of those dumplings now. 4 pork and chive dumplings for a $1! What a deal!! The restaurant is about the size of a jail cell and they only take cash but it is well worth the trip. I had the fried pork and chive dumplings and the steamed shrimp dumplings and both were fantastic! I also brought home the ox tail soup and while I haven't eaten it yet it looks fantastic. I highly recommend this place as a hidden gem.
The line can be long, but this place is definitely worth a try. Their Chives and Pork Fried Dumplings are really good ... I'm literally drooling just thinking about it.
My boyfriend and I (I am gay) just came back from Prosperity Dumpling. The dumplings are pretty good, I would rate them a 7/10. I had the pork chive dumplings, 10 for $2.00! and a sesame pancake for .75 cents We went to a local park to find a nice al fresco eating spot. All the benches were taken so I was forced to squat on my haunches near some spittle on the sidewalk, no biggie. I realized I made a huge mistake of not putting any sauces, hot or soy sauce, on my dumplings before I left. they may have been better with some sauce. the pancake was not very inspired, a bit bland. Summary: Makes for a good destination lunch,  pretty good cheap dumplings, but like people are saying, very little seating and the place has the same look and ambiance of a check cashing place.
Whenever at 2AM I have a craving for some quick irresponsible food, I will want to head over Prosperity Dumpling. I'm not sure that I can add much to what has been already written about this little-wished-it-was-a-block-away-from-wherever-I-­live-in-the-future sort of place. My Girlfriend was skeptical because she hadn't had any dumplings in America as good as what she was used to in China, where she is from. The prosperity dumpling made a believer out of both of us. Though the dumplings were great themselves, I'm not sure about the rest. She wasn't crazy about some noodle soup thing she got and the pancake with beef tasted lake a Sbarro stromboli shell with meat of questionable origin inside. It was quite gristly. I'd stick with the dumplings. So, when I will want to head over to Prosperity Dumpling at the urging of my late night appetite, I will face the regret that it is a thousand miles away.
Like all other hole-in-the-wall places, it's not exactly the cleanest restaurant around. Unlike the other hole-in-the-wall place, this place is probably missing the wall... It's seriously the smallest restaurant ever (5 seats only). There'll probably be a long wait and, chances are, you will have to take your dumplings elsewhere. That being said, this place is super cheap! Only $2 for 10 dumplings. Also the dumplings are really good!!! The stuffings are fresh and not salty at all (many restaurants try to mask stale ingredients with lots of soy sauce... and therefore the stuffings are usually way too salty). If you are getting dumplings, definitely go with the boiled ones. If you must know, the fried ones are always made with day-old dumplings. Also like other restaurants, the fried dumplings here are prepared early. However, unlike the other restaurants, the fried dumplings are not reheated before being served. If you want, you can always buy 50 frozen dumplings for $8 and cook them at home... Dumplings DYI: - Boiled dumplings: Boil a pot of water. Put dumplings in. Wait until dumplings float to the surface. Add another cup of water. Wait until water boil again and dumplings float to the surface. Drain and serve with soy sauce. - Fried dumplings: Heat up a pan with some oil. Once the pan is heated, place the frozen dumplings into the pan. Wait until the bottom of the dumplings are browned. Add a cup of water to the pan. Cover and simmer for 5 mins or so. Remove the cover and wait for water to evaporate.
There is NOTHING and I mean NOTHING bad I can say about them. The dumplings are amazing. I don't go there without ordering 20... for $5.00!!!!!!! Also, they sell the dumplings frozen, so you can store them in your freezer and cook em up yourself. They come out pretty darn close to perfection.....
Here's some math for you: $1 gets you 5 dumplings. That means $2 gets you 10!!
Its not Hype, this place is really producing some of the best tasting dumplings. its worth it to stand in line.
I was in the city visiting a friend and decided to grab a quick dumpling dinner. Prosperity is always a great choice! Tasty, cheap, and fast, is the perfect combination in NYC. This wasn't my first time and it certainly won't be my last. I decided to get an order of dumplings w/ sauce and a sesame pancake. It wasn't an extensive or daring dinner but it was delicious and satisfying. The place is small, but service prompt. If you are looking for a great steamed or fried dumpling, look no further, Prosperity Dumpling is the best. I also recommend the sesame pancake. Seating is nearly obsolete in here so, eat in the car (if you drive), or come with a plan because this is a true takeout spot.
Hole in the wall restaurant! I think there were 6 stools for ppl to sit. Super chinese - they've got soy sauce in the Sriracha bottle. We ordered the cabbage pork soup dumplings - this means dumpling soup, not Siu Long Bao. We also tried the peking duck pancake.  They were so delicious - the ground pork in the dumplings were flavorful, the skin was not too thick or too thin. The duck pancake is really yummy as well. I think it may be a little on the greasy side though. Nonetheless, this is very decent food for a very good price!
Prosperity Dumplings are tasty and inexpensive, and only a few short blocks from where I live. The clientele is a mix of chinese and international foodies so i'd say that it's really successful and/or popular, so that's good! I'd say that the dumplings and pan-fried pork buns are good, cheap, and tasty, but they're still not on the same level as the Taiwanese dumpling place near my school in Sham Shui Po, Hong Kong. I still find the wrapper to be slightly thicker than what I like, but it's still quite good.   I'd still go back for these dumplings but if I can find a thinner wrapped-pan seared dumpling, i'll let you all know.
This was the first--and best-- stop on my Dumpings and Dim Sum tour last weekend. My husband and I are big fans of little hole-in-the-wall spots, and after reading yelp reviews, decided to go to Prosperity Dumpling asap. So glad that we did! For 4 dollars we had egg drop soup, pork and chive dumplings, and the sesame pancake with duck. What a deal! The best part besides the price: these are the most delicious dumplings I've had in NYC! I'm usually picky, and was scared they were going to be gross or chewy, but they were soft, juicy, and tasted super fresh! I don't even care that the only available stool was covered in soy sauce, and there weren't any napkins available. I stood and pretended I was burning off the calories I was consuming! The sesame pancake with duck was out of control, it was SO tasty I practically inhaled it, and had to walk out because I was tempted to order 3 more. I will definitely be coming back, and bringing all my friends who aren't scared of the tiny/slightly dirty to-go places.
It's like a taste of Flushing in Manhattan's Chinatown. Great dumplings, cheap prices, and a sesame pancake that is heaven in your hands (not to mention your mouth). Minus one star for the hoards of loud, obnoxious little kids that pack the place afterschool. This spot is too tiny for their big backpacks, so expect to get knocked around some...though it'completely worth it!
yum yum. what a great lunch for $1. 5 fried dumplings with hot sauce and  the other sauce they have there... truly a find. very small and limited menu, but their soups looked great too. especially one that would include...said dumplings. i think i am going to go again before i leave NYC. chinatown is amazing.
Just stopped here before I headed off to the Blind Tiger, I love to get soup at Great NY Noodletown, but they don't offer a pork dumpling so Yelp fans seem to like Prosperity and I thought I'd give it a try. You couldn't make a snow angel inside this place if you were lying down its so small. Dumplings are insanely tasty and homemade (saw them rollin/rappin em' up myself tonight) and I tried the steamed pork with chinese vegetable dumplings, 10 for $2.  I give them a 9/10. I went back two nights in a row and tried the fried ones, AMAZING. I will bring home a frozen 50pak next time for 10 bucks for sure.  I like this place for some strange and some not so strange reasons, and would go back in a heartbeat...especially after a couple of beers!
I'm Chinese and I approve of this restaurant :-p $1 for 4 fried pork & chive dumplings. It's without a doubt the best deal they have. One bite into it and the delicious greasy flavor will hit you and make you wonder why it was so cheap! Absolutely delish! I also ordered their shrimp dumplings. They were also delicious. Each dumpling was actually filled with a lot of shrimp, and I could actually taste the shrimp flavor. In addition, they were filled with a slightly mustardy type of cabbage, which blended very well with the shrimp flavor. If you visit, be prepared for a long line. The restaurant is also small with one table, so be prepared to eat standing. But the taste and value of the food was so high, that I'm going to keep this review at five stars!
In a nutshell: Really small place with bomb dumplings! Came here because I wanted to try a different dumpling place in this area. I was definitely not disappointed by Prosperity Dumpling. Walked into a crowded closet of a space. Behind the counter were about 8 women toiling away at making dumplings and noodles. There are two counters for dining on two walls. Ambience 3/5 Hella cramped in here, but it definitely adds to the atmosphere of the Chinatown hole-in-the-wall. Waited for a spot at the counter to eat by literally standing behind the person that was sitting there. Not creepy at all, right? Parking 1/5 This is Chinatown NYC, not LA. Take the subway. Wait time 5/5 We had our first dish before we had a seat to enjoy it at. I guess that's why there are so many people in the kitchen. Price 5/5 So cheap!!! Nothing costs more than $3.50 here. Food 4/5 Egg noodles with Peanut sauce - B+ Simple. Boil some egg noodles with peanut sauce and put it on a picnic plate. Not the best I've had but it hit the spot. Steamed pork and chive dumplings - A+ My only criteria for good dumplings: FLAVOR EXPLOSION IN MY MOUTH! aaannnndddd....check! These were awesome and were piping hot to boot. Overall 4/5 Great little spot for a quick lunch break. Definitely not for groups and family meals lest you wanna stand around and eat out of your hands.
This is an amazing place! Chive and pork pan fried dumplings are so delicious and super cheap- $1 for 4!! You can't find this deal with this authentic taste anywhere else in Manhattan. Duck sesame pancake is really good that we ended up packing one more to go. Sour&hot soup is pretty good, a lot of great ingredients, even tho it's not sour and spicy enough as expected, we still enjoyed it. Also, it's less than $3 for a tall container! Food is good, the price is good, and the best part is that, the staffs are SO friendly! Even though the restaurant itself is very small, more like a take out place, and it's located in the part of the town that we've never been to, I think we will try to visit it again.
ZOMG it is so cheap here it's like i'm back in taiwan eating street food. and you will be on the street. eating the food.  because the place is teeny tiny. dumplings are 5 for $1. sesame pancake w/ beef is  $1.75 wash it down w/ some dou jiang (soy bean milk). done and done.
Took my parents here when they came to visit. I think after reading previous reviews my expectations were a little too high. This place is sufficiently cheap, and the pork and chive fried dumplings are decent for the 5 for $1 price. My three star rating however is based on our overall experience. My dad tried ordering the beef tongue? or ox tail? noodle soup...I don't actually remember what it was, but they didn't have it on hand so they offered him a duck noodle soup instead. My dad has pretty high standards and he wasn't a fan of this soup. I tried the broth and the noodles (not the meat) and the taste was similar to a broth that was boiled with pork rib. The noodles were chewy, but overall it was a little oily and didn't have a whole lot of flavor. My mom also ordered the shrimp dumplings and said they had a little bit of a sour taste to them. I didn't try it but she seemed to think they were okay, but said she preferred the fried pork and chive dumpling. The fried pancake was good, but about as good as you would expect fried dough to be. I wouldn't go out of your way to come here, but if you're in the area and want a quick bite to eat for dirt cheap, this place does the trick. I would recommend ordering the pork and chive fried dumplings and the fried pancake since they were probably the better orders that we had, and were ready almost instantly as opposed to the shrimp dumplings and the duck noodle soup which took around 15-20 minutes. There's a park with some benches about a block and a half away if you don't mind getting hustled for some fake purses.
I'm always so annoyed with 'greasyness'. The dumplings were good, but a bit greasy (not overly but still a bit). I guess you get what you pay for. But, they're not bad neither. The place is small and seating is VERY limited and the ambience is not comforting, but this is one of the places for you to get your food and go or just have it over there in a bit of rush and so. I wished they could have more variety with their dumplings as I do not like pork. I do recommend it, however. 5 pieces for a buck.
This place is definitely cheap and is a great spot to pick up dumplings. It's kind of cool to see the whole process going on behind the counter and the staff works very very hard. I had the boiled veggie dumplings and they were good but not fantastic. My friend had pork soup dumplings, which were a bit better. The sesame pancakes, though, were really delicious. And for a meal under $5, this place is great.
Unbelievable price!
This is the essence of Hole in the wall. 2 things to keep in mind: 1. These are Northern style dumplings, which means thicker skins 2. It's Chinatown. Don't expect American service standards. Ordering is quick and unfriendly but the food comes out fast, and the line moves quickly. There is very little seating here, so plan on standing and eating. There is a table outside that quickly turns into a garbage heap as people leave their plastic there. If you're thirsty there is a convenience store next door that sells cheap drinks. The pan fried pork and chive is their best! And they also sell bulk amounts of frozen dumplings for superrrrrr cheap. happy eating.
Best dumplings ever!!! Each dumpling comes out to like a quarter each!! already full after 2 pieces. Please tip them generously as they dont charge that much :D
My trifecta for rating food (in no particular order): - How much food is given. - How good the food tastes. - The price of the food (Is it worth it?). Ok... ok... there is a lot more to it than that, but if the food can get good reports on these few things, then I say that it's in great shape to getting high scores from me. Well, Prosperity Dumpling gets an "A" on all three criteria and more. How can I sum up the above paragraph as simply as possible? $1.00 for 5 dumplings! YES! $0.20 per chives and pork fried dumpling! The other dumpling selections cost a little more (just $1.00 more) but you'll still be getting great tasting, cheap food. You're probably thinking, "I guess the price sounds good. And you're saying it tastes good too. But, there has to be a catch... These dumplings must be the size of a (insert small object here)." Nope... You couldn't be any more wrong. Not only are they cheap and delicious, but they're a pretty darn good size too. Ok... I am definitely no expert in dumpling sizes and shapes, but I'd say these were the same size as your standard sized dumplings that you get anywhere else that cost at least three times as much. I also got a sesame pancake with duck, which cost about $2.00. Sure, it was a little oily, but what were you expecting for a sesame pancake anyways? It was a large pancake with flavorful and dark-meat-delectable duck. Imagine this... I got 10 dumplings and a sesame pancake with duck... all for $4.00. Excuse me if my words start to sound like an exaggeration, but this may have been the largest cheap meal/ the cheapest large meal I have ever gotten. I guess there has to be a downside... There is very little seating. The place gets full, so don't expect to get a seat inside. This may not be a problem when the weather is good, but consider this detail if it's snowing/raining/bad weather. The lines get long, but don't let that stop you. You'd be waiting for five minutes at most. They're quick and efficient. There is just something magical about knowing that you got your food from this little "hole-in-the-wall" joint, and experiencing an outdoor meal with other New Yorkers and tourists who appreciate delicious, cheap food. There is an unspoken bond of solidarity shared with all the customers despite any language or cultural barrier. For that one instance in time, despite physical and/or cultural differences, despite having little to no words spoken, all can agree that they are partaking in a humbling, memorable, and blissfully enjoyable experience (wow... philosophically deep dumplings... that escalated quickly). In short: chive and pork fried dumplings: A sesame pancake with duck: A price: A+ service: A- to A Positives: + Incredibly cheap + Incredibly delicious + Incredibly plentiful + Service is quick and efficient + You'll ponder the intricacies of human development (joking... but the solidarity is cool) + The place is a hole in a wall! Come on! How cool is it to be that person who has a "hole-in-the-wall" spot. Negatives: - Really small (It comes with being a hole-in-the-wall. Trade offs...). - There could be a line with a lot of people (1. A line means it's good and popular. 2. The line goes down quickly. You'll have your dumplings in minutes.). - Since the place is small, and there is few seating, expect to eat outside. But, I think it adds to the whole Prosperity Dumpling experience.
This is the ultimate poor man's snack food spot. Choose from fried guotie (poststicker) and pay $1 for 10, or opt for the boiled jiaozi dumpling version and pay $2 for 10. The pork and chive flavors were surprisingly tasty and it's an easily portable snack for walking through the streets of Manhattan.
Not bad, but I don't really understand the hype except for the ridiculously low prices ($2 for 10 dumplings or $1 for 5). Their dumplings taste like standard takeout Chinese fare. The fried dumplings are too greasy for my tastes; I stick to the boiled. You can get a filling meal here for an unbeatable price, but the dirty-looking kitchen and out-of-the-way location (unless you're in Chinatown) make me want to search elsewhere.
I've been here twice and both times I got the friend pork and chive dumplings.  The first time, I really liked them.  The second time, they were quite greasy and soggy.  5 dumplings for a $1 is insanely cheap so I can't really complain too much, but I'm not sure I'll be in such a rush to go back. Both times I went there, the small storefront was packed (and I mean packed) so it was a bit of a fight to actually get to the front to order the dumplings.
Best pan fried pork and chive dumpling I've ever had Very small place/hole in the wall joint
The fried ones are better than boiled. The sesame pancakes are the cat's pajamas. We fed 3 people for less than the price of one cocktail around the corner, and there's a pj park you can sit in while you smash your dumplings into your maw.
This is the Chinese version of the soup nazi made iconic by Seinfeld. Fast service, in and out.  Except they'll never say NO DUMPLINGS FOR YOU! Cheap, efficient, and atmospheric with the wafts of fragrant oil all around, you can watch the cook throw dumpings into the giant wok and douse them in grease, which of course makes them super unhealthy and thus super tasty. I've been to some other cheap dumplings place in Chinatown, and unless you're talking about buying frozen dumplings in bulk (which I believe this place sells as well), you really can't beat the value here.  5 dumplings for $1 in this little humble abode of someone's downstairs turned into a hole in the wall, I ate this for several weeks straight while intensely studying for some exams.  Quick, efficient, delicious.   Some might compare this to Prosperity - Prosperity is a much more commercialized place, and their dumplings are cleaner, for sure.  Maybe go there if you prefer bland healthy food (there are healthier foods than dumplings tho...) or are allergic to grease or oil.  Come here if you want the greasy delicious street food to satisfy your cravings.
Pork and chives dumpling were out of this world! You can see the little ladies hand making the dumplings while you wait. They totally need to charge more. Making dumplings is carpal tunnel hard work. Would gladly pay more.
I don't know if they are the best dumplings in NYC, because frankly, in the past 4 years for 2 visits to NYC a year, I haven't gone anywhere else. This time, their prices have changed a bit.  I used to be able to get 6 fried pork dumplings for a couple bucks, but now it's only 4.  Still, times are tough.  I was still able to get 4 fried pork dumplings and 10 steamed dumplings for like $7. They are awesome.  Delicious.  Service isn't too friendly, but this is Chinatown and friendly service is hard to come by.  And NO, that is not racist.  The owners and operators and employees of Chinatown restaurants that I've been to are all business.  Nothing wrong with that.  They want to serve you and move on to the next person.  It's efficient, even if a smile is hard to come by. But who cares, because the dumplings are fantastic.  Sometimes, depending on how busy they are, you may find yourself waiting a while, but they usually have a bunch of each popular type (shrimp & pork) ready to go.   They barely give any soy sauce though, so you'll have to ask for more. It's not the easiest place to get to, but it's worth the trip.  Check it out.  Also, while they have some counter top space you can eat at, and maybe a table or two, this place is tiny.  You walk up to the counter, order, and wait.  You're best bet is to leave with your food and find a park or a stoop to sit and enjoy.
1 dollar for 5 fried dumplings!!! Are you kidding me?? That's so cheap... Another hole in a wall.. If I never yelp it.. I will not enter here and eat because it's way too small where you can't find a sit and you have to get it to go.. Hands down for the best fried dumpling.. The scallion and meat combination is soooo perfect which I don't even need the chili sauce to go with it.. My friend love it as well.. One thing.. It's way too oily.. when I bite it.. the oil just drip from the meat till my hand.. which I felt a little disgusting.. but well.. I still ate them all.. BECAUSE IT'S WAY TOO GOOD!!!!
Cheap, Fresh, Delicious, and Always want more. Dumpling has always been my favourite food since when I was a young girl. Too bad, I've tried it once and  I never came back because I had to go back to Canada. I want this little dumpling store to open up in Toronto. I will definitely come back for more whenever I get the chance.
Ok, it was cheap. 5 fried dumplings for $1.00 and a large sweet and sour soup for $2.00. I forget how much our drinks were, but the total for the three of us came out to $7.50. The place is very cramped. Maybe it seats about 5-6 people total. I didn't see pictures of the place before, so I had no idea about the ambiance. It's more of a place to pick-up food to take home. I saw lots of people doing that when we were there. I think I would have given a 4 or 5 star, but the guy who I think may be the owner tried to rip me off of $10 bucks. I gave him a $20 and he insisted that I gave him a $10! Lucikly, there was a young Chinese man behind me who vouched for me and said he saw me hand the owner a $20. What the heck. Maybe he had a long night. Nonetheless, we were starving and the food was good.
While Manhattan can suck you dry financially, this is the kind of place that proves that it is also the city where you can have a yummy lunch for just a few dollars. Kudos to the pork dumplings here!
How to coax juiciness, complexity, and salty flavor from a dumpling is beyond me.  It is a comfort food that is characteristically bland, but Prosperity Dumpling does its darnedest.  I slathered it with less than a modicum of dumpling sauce.  What I miss is that they didn't say "lai lai lai lai" or "hao le hao le hao le" like the brusque ladies did in Fried Dumpling.  Pork pancakes puzzle me in general, dry-ish pork sandwiched between stale pizza slice shaped bread with carrot shavings, who knows.  But I'm sure Prosperity Dumpling did it justice.
Cheap and yummy, you can't ask for more.
This hole in the wall place is truly the bomb dot com! I have heard so much about Prosperity and I was initially skeptical of the place. The price was ridiculously cheap and I was worried that the dumplings will not meet my expectations. But my oh my, was I proven wrong! Not only are their dumplings delicious, their other food items such as scallion pancakes and hot and sour soup are equally delicious! On top of that, they sell frozen dumplings that you can purchase to cook at home. This place is definitely in my list of places to go to whenever I head over to Chinatown!
A real steal! Skip the shrimp dumplings (too much cabbage and not enough shrimp) here and order the fried or boiled pork and chive dumplings (flavorful and meaty!). Drizzle them with hot and soy sauce. I love that the dumplings are made fresh continually throughout the day and you can see the ladies grouped in the back of this tiny place crankin them out. I also tried the sesame pancake with duck which was greasy but good. To me, the sesame pancakes are like asian calzones and with the addition of pickled veggies, it was almost banh-mi-ish.
With over 1000 reviews, do I even need to contribute my two cents? Yes I do. Because this place brings value, deliciousness, and speedy service for a ridiculously low price. That's worth writing about. Where else can you find a great tasting lunch for $3? Count me in. Whoever said New York is expensive clearly didn't know where to look. Favorite items are the fried dumplings and sesame pancake.
It's OK but... Not all that. The sesame pancakes are indeed delicious and cheap. But the main event--the dumplings--are kinda crappy. There are tons of better dumpling houses in Chinatown. My personal favorite is Tasty Dumpling on Mulberry street...
If you're giving this location a one star, then you are definitely dining off of cardboard and roaches.  I love that the dumplings are 5 for $1. Yes, that's damn right skippy, I said 5 for a $1. This is not a dine in location so you'll have to find a spot outside; but then again it's New York.  You can do the jig naked on Times Square and no one will pay attention to you. Eat here if you want something easy on your wallet. Everything on the menu is exceptionally cheap, flavorful and kick ass! They don't take credit card so remember that too!
It's places like Prosperity Dumpling that make me proud to be a New Yorker.  They serve some of the best fried pork dumplings I've had anywhere, and definitely at the lowest price.  I live in Dumbo, but I walk over the Manhattan Bridge several times a week just to grab dinner here.  I get an order of 5 perfectly seasoned fried pork dumplings and a sesame pancake for a grand total of $1.75.  Best deal in town!
5 dumplings for $1. Need I fucking say more?
Seedy grimy hole in the wall w/ an A rating and fantastic cheap dumplings. Could u ask for anything more!! If this place doesn't represent what NYC is all about I don't know what else does! I got 4 pork/chive fried dumplings for $1. Best darn dollar I have ever spent on food!! You can't get a candy bar for that price! Take a quick stroll, try it and and tell me if I am lying!
Ive been here twice in my life, a couple years apart, and the price for dumplings hasn't changed. Quite impressive. A dollar! The dumplings here are always so fresh and tasty, and the sriracha sauce hits the spot. I like how the dumpling kind of falls apart halfway in your mouth and makes a big mess. Even though this place is grimy, you know if you didn't stumble upon here by accident, you were gonna disregard the filth anyway. Doesn't matter anyway, dumplings are handmade, go in the fryer or boiler and come out sparkly fresh!
I'm gonna go with the crowd here... Wohoo! As good as it gets! Even though it's pretty annoying to get to by subway, I try to make a trip down at least once a month. Seriously... insanely cheap, but DELICIOUS dumplings. Hole in the wall authenticity to the max. Buy a pack of 50 frozens if you just can't get enough. Most of the other food (pancakes, wonton, etc) here is cheap and good too. What more could one ask for?
5 boiled dumplings for $1 10 fried dumplings for $2 50 frozen dumplings to go for $9 AND THEY'RE THE BEST DUMPLINGS I'VE EVER HAD!!! Don't be fooled by the low prices... I thought that spending $3 for 15 dumplings was not going to be enough food for me at lunch... well it turns out the dumplings are big & dense and it was more than enough food. Prosperity Dumplings is a whole in the wall so don't expect to sit down for a nice lunch here... grab them and run back to your office/home!  And enjoy.
Was in chinatown shopping for asian groceries and stopped by here to get lunch.  I had seen on Yelp that it was highly rated and cheap so I thought, why not?  Upon arriving at the premises, I was shocked by how tiny it was.  There are two bars along the walls that seat about 3 people each.  Take your food to go! I got an order of the fried pork and leek dumplings.  They were good.  Reminded me of the ones my mom made when I was a kid.  So that was both nostalgic and greasy.  Seeing as I don't make it down to this neighborhood too often I bought a bag of 50 frozen dumplings for $8.  EIGHT DOLLARS FOR 50! I definitely try and make this a stop every time I go grocery shopping in the area.
This is a I-eat-here-once-a-week-because-I-live-down-the-­street-and-it's-super-cheap kind of place and not a holy-crap-this-tastes-amazing kind of place... - The fried dumplings aren't great; ours didn't have fried enough skin and the meat wasn't flavorful. - The boiled dumplings are doable once you douse them in a lot of soy sauce. - The hot and sour soup was ok; there were some weird chunks of stuff I had to spit out. - The sesame pancake was pretty good, though the outside wasn't as flaky as I wished it was. If you want a cheap place to fill you up, this is a good place to do it... but I feel really bad for anyone who thinks this is the highlight of their NYC trip.
The juiciest dumplings I've had! The skin is on the thick side, but it helps retain the juices. The crispy underside is perfectly seared...well, fried but seared sounds more appetizing :) Plus you can't beat 4 dumplings for $1! If it's crowded, you'll have trouble getting the non-dumpling items (sesame pancakes was a 20 min wait when I came with a line going out the door).
Yeap. I've gotta give out the rare 5 star after having been on a dumpling crawl throughout the LES, I come back to this perfect purveyor of precious potstickers.  Delicious thin dough and well-scallioned pork centers. The decor is just a little on the seedy side, making it all the more authentic for me.  There is no Disneyland feel like a certain very popular dumpling joint just a little north of here.  Don't expect to get any siu long bao.  This is just straight up potstickers, soy drinks, sesame pancakes and boiled dumpllngs of your choice.  Don't sleep.  Your tummy and your wallet will thank you.
4.5 Stars on over 2,100 reviews?????? I don't see it.  Other than the incredibly cheap prices, everything else said here over 2,000 times was lost on me and my daughter.  We didn't even have to wait in a very long line the day we were there...but even that didn't make the food taste any better. The food wasn't bad, if you conveniently are walking by and want a quick bite to eat...maybe if I worked in the neighborhood I'd give them 3 stars...but to have gone out of my way to try Prosperity, I just can't get to A-OK.
Recommends: Chicken Dumplings Ordered: Chicken Dumplings, Pork and Cabbage Dumplings, Wonton Soup Spent: $9 for 50 Pork and Cabbage Dumplings, $11 for 50 Chicken Dumplings I wish I could give 4.5 stars to Prosperity. The trick here ladies and gentlemen is to STOCK UP. That's right! Remember how during the Polar Vortex you couldn't leave your house, and felt too bad for the delivery guy to order seamless? Well that would not be a worry if you had 50 PROSPERITY DUMPLINGS in your fridge! No need to wait for a seat or eat in a cramped space, get the 50 frozen dumplings to go. All you need is to know how to boil water (or have impeccable microwave skills). 0.5 docked off from a perfect score because the peel does tend to be a bit on the thick end (though thinner than Vanessa's). But man that flavor! My chicken dumplings tasted like pork ones, and I'm sure the vegetarian ones will too. Don't ask what's in it - just eat it! Make the right choice and feel prosperous when it's freezing outside.
$2 for 10 dumplings....... also $2 for a sesame duck sandwich is pretty amazing. Also if you want to do these at home, they sell a bag (A BAG) of 100 dumplings for $10! How do you make dumplings at home? Boiling water - 10 mins - done. I bought 2 bags of dumplings and had about 10 people over. Boom! Cheap party!
dumplings are great.....!!!! We were walking in China town and found this tiny spot. 4 fried dumplings for 1 dollar... omg... so tasty....
over 500 reviews at almost 4.5 stars.  I was anxious with anticipation before going to this place, but walked away disappointed.  I think the sky high reviews have more to do with the price of the food rather than measuring the absolute quality of the dumpling.  For $1 you get 5 fried (which is the going rate for these dumplings in Chinatown) or for $2 you get 10 boiled. Dont get me wrong, it is a good dumpling.  The skins are thin and the filling is fresh and meaty.  It just isnt 5 stars.  I found the dumplings we have to be not fried long enough so the skins did not have that wonderful crispness.  Perhaps we should have had the boiled, but they were out of them (at noon, who runs out at noon).  The place is good value and good for a cheap snack.  That said, I wouldnt go out of my way to eat here.   I will go back once more to try the boiled dumplings.  If they are out of this world, then I can up the rating.  For now, 3 stars.
Well, definitely it was cheap. But I did not really like their dumpling... I ordered veggie dumpling. I will give another shot though. I want to try pork dumpling next time.
Sesame pancake and pork and chive dumplings were delicious!  A full meal for 2 bucks.  Place is a hole-in-the-wall with a few barstools to sit on (maybe 4).
Tasty and cheap!
Where can you find lunch for two for $9? Yeah prosperity dumplings!! This is a typical hole in the wall restaurant fits 1 American or 2 Europeans, we got hot and sour soup, corn soup, vegetable dumplings and chicken dumplings!!! I'm sure they have to use msg for their soups I mean it's so salty be aware!! Also their chicken dumplings idk what parts of chicken do they use lol! Anyways I loved the vegetable dumplings those were great will definitely come back for those and also the sesame pancakes looked good but missed out on them! Possibly a must place in Nyc to eat after the halal guys
Great price on dumplings if you want to get full without spending too much money. The fried pork and chive dumplings are tasty. They're not my favorite, but they're cheap. I even bought the frozen pack of 50 to take home and cook on nights when I don't really have time to cook. It's definitely a bargain.
Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan. Yes, the dumplings are cheap. Yes, this place has a constant stream of customers (the majority were either teenagers or non-Asians) lined up. But would I recommend this place for others to visit? Nope. Too salty for me. I'm just going to stick to getting dumplings in Flushing.
This place is aptly named.  Prosperity for the man who runs it and prosperity for those of us lucky enough to come across it.  This is a recession-proof deal. My friend and I were really looking for a no-frills place to hang out but when we saw only four stools inside we nearly left. Fortunately, I already had blisters on one toe from crisscrossing Chinatown for the perfect discovery: an inexpensive place with great food, barely discovered by outsiders, and yet clean.  Dive-y in a cool way, but not a dive.  Haute cuisine on a budget. Well, Prosperity Dumpling had all the requirements mentioned above and even went beyond our expectations.  The dumplings I had (the steamed not the fried) were some of the tastiest I ever had.  And the portion! I couldn't believe my eyes.  Ten, huge dumplings for two bucks! The sesame cake, which is really a kind of bread laced with chives and topped with lots of seeds was insanely delicious, and only 75 cents! I mean, where can you get anything for 75 cents?  This place is a throwback to another era. We also had delicious hot and sour soup  for only $1.75, for the large.  The soup was, by far, one of the best hot and sour soups I have had anywhere in town.  And, believe me, I am a hot and sour soup freak. We started eating and talking at a little after four, and had not noticed several hours go by.  The place started swarming with people, going in and out.  Mostly, they took their goodies to go.  Lucky for us, because four stools or not, we were determined to hang out among all this deliciousness.  The place even had an ambiance.  It reminded me of being somewhere entirely foreign and somewhat exotic. Loved everything here and plan to return.   BTW, we closed the place down and we were literally asking if there was anything else we could have.  No, he was closed, the Chinese man with the broken accent said.  But, he still had one more surprise.  Fifty dumplings for only $8.00!  He instructed me to bring the water to a boil, and then put the dumplings in for about six minutes. I dined on them almost all week, and I still have ten of them left!  I suggest salting the water slightly when you boil, and then adjust to taste with soy sauce.  If you like things spicy, like me, a few drops of Tabasco sauce will transform these into a heavenly snack or a whole meal, depending on how many you eat. BTW, when you put the steamed dumplings in your mouth, the explode with juices.   Joe's Shanghai, you better watch out!
I'm a vegetarian. I had the veggie sesame pancake and it was really bad- I mean, the pancake "bread" itself is tasty- like very heavy, buttery, lightly crispy, soft bread. But the veggie stuffing inside was just some sliced carrots. WTF. I was hoping for the something more for the stuffing. DON'T have the veggie sesame pancake. Well, you can try it for the pancake alone. But the real reason you come here is the dumplings. I always have the 2 dollar veggie dumplings (a plate of 8 dumplings). The skin of the dumpling is thin- not thick like most dumplings you get. It's just made so the skin is still smoking hot from all that boiling and it's so satisfying. The stuffing- I don't know what's in there- it looks like green and brown mush (I'm guessing there's some kinda fake meat in there) and it's SO SO GOOD. I like to eat four of them when I just get it and then I like to save the rest for when they've cooled down so I can see how they taste when they're kinda cold. I gotta say- they taste better. I like the cold starchy dumpling with that cold red siarchan sauce. Ok. just go get it. P.S: I really like the owners- they're brisk, they're honest, they get the job done and they don't mess around with stupid small talk.
Great dumplings and sesame pancake, so good and cheap that I didn't mind sitting and eating in this cramped cubbyhole as the front door kept banging into me. This place is da bomb!  I can thing of many $100+ meals I've had that don't stack up
I had to try this spot, to see if all the hype was true. Verdict: It's definitely true! I made a nice lunch adventure out of it and walked all the way from wall street area, sat on in the little park area across the street (to the right), had my yummy lunch and walked the calories (well at least some of them) off on my way back. The walk was about 20 minutes each way (I walk fast, but I'm 5 feet tall so I'm sure you can't be much slower). So you know the deal, mad good, mad cheap, wasn't crowded at all when I came around 12:30 on a weekday - 1 buck for the 5 fried JUICCCY dumplings (pork), 2 bucks for 10 boiled JUIICCYY dumplings (pork), and 0.75 cents for the sesame pancake (whatever it was it was YUM). Do it. I can't wait to do it again.
I won't just repeat what other yelpers wrote: we know prosperity puts out delicious, cheap eats. My boyfriend and I had the chives and pork boiled dumplings and the beef pancake (it sort of tasted like a rearranged super bahn mi). Delicious & $3.50 all together! I had never before seen prices THAT Amazing in the city! But for anyone interested in getting prosperity dumpling for, say, an office party or any other get together, be forewarned- there is a challenge afoot.  I'm not complaining though. It's a small, busy joint, so big orders may simply be unfeasible. Anyway, one day I called just after they opened to put in an order for that afternoon. I think I planned it so that they had 4 hours to prepare the order (because I had learned that sometimes they take a while preparing the boiled dumplings. I once went when they were making a new batch and it took about 30min, but the end result was oh so fresh and tender). When I called, the woman who answered did not even try to speak to me, she yelled to a co-worker and hung up on me. This was pretty unprofessional, but not terribly surprising. I then had a Chinese friend call, so that she could speak to them in Mandarin. Even she couldn't put the order in. Lesson of this story: Either go there right when they open in person to place an order for much later in the day or perhaps even go the day before.  Looking back, my plan was so destined to fail, that I'm surprised I tried to follow through with it... I just wanted that sesame pancake with beef again! In general, it's just better to go there for lunch or pick up whenever you have the craving for that delicious beef pancake (I really need to go back) or dumplings. YUMMM
Went here today for the first time to get some frozen dumplings home. The shop is actually super tiny and even though it was pretty cold outside one so I walked inside it was super hot because of all the cooking and the tiny crowded space. They don't really have a whole lot upsetting actually so is more like a grab and go type of deal. It is super cheap. I got 100 chive dumplings to take home with for 18 bucks. Cook them when I got back home with some pumpkin soup and it was absolutely delicious. Totally will come back whenever I'm around the area.
Off the bat, let's acknowledge that these are some of the finest dumplings in all the land; succulent, juicy, filling, and most importantly cheap. That being said, it's impossible to try and get dumplings when there are more than two people in line. The limited space is crowded, and there are only six seats. It's tough to find an area to sit and enjoy the spectacular food, and that's what holds this back from being a 5 star rating. Excellent dumplings, though I must confess 'Tasty Dumpling' a few blocks away might be better...
This is where I go when I only have a dollar to my name and I can't take anything out of my bank account because the rent check hasn't cleared (get with it, management company). The dumplings are always tasty and their pork buns are pretty great. For a buck, you get four dumplings and they're pretty filling. (Unless you're a glutton like me and you scrounge up another dollar to get an additional four.) It's a small place and the decor is next to nil, but that's not important. It's all about the dumplings.
I buy the frozen one and have them on the weekends.   Remember to order to go or you was get a paper plate instead of a container.  You can drown them with sauce in a container.
This is my mecca in NYC for a proper pan fried dumpling, and it's dirt cheap and super fast to boot! To me, the perfect dumpling has tender skin on top, crispy skin on bottom, and it shoots hot meat juice at you as you bite into it. Oh, and black vinegar is a must for dipping. This place just gets it right. The pork and chive pan friend are hella cheap (5/$1), come out lightening fast, and are always perfectly cooked, whether they cooked it fresh or made it a bit before you arrived. It's a tiny hole in the wall restaurant with only a few stools for eating, but don't let that deter you. Utter happiness on a paper plate,and how can you NOT like feeding two people for lunch or dinner for under $10?! If I lived in NYC, I would be here daily. Yes, I have a problem, and the name is dumplings. Ain't no shame in that game.
Went on a hand made dumpling-off between Prosperity Dumpling and Vanessa's. PD lost. Perhaps it was and off-day? We ordered the pan fried pork and chives (4), and the boiled pork and veggie (6.) The skins were too thick and the fillings overly marinated and processed making for too heavy and salty dumplings without any distinction of flavors. Great deal at 5 for $1. Hole in a wall that has a questionable "A" displayed.
Pretty sure they gave me more than 5 pork dumplings--and I am certainly not complaining. SUPER tasty, and there was actually a seat available when I got there. Don't forget to get a sesame pancake. Cheap, delish, and filling. It's a good thing I don't live near here, or I'd be obese.
You can't beat 5 dumplings for $1. It's pretty meaty too. the sesame beef pancake was pretty good too. Good hole in the wall/ dirt cheap place to eat at! Love!
The best dumpling I ever had in nyc so far!!! Must try!!! Ps. Their dumpling has juicy inside just taste delicious
So Yelp tells me this is the #1 dumpling place in NYC. Other Yelper friends also told me the same. O rly? I finally got to try it myself and surprise! I wasn't blown away. Yes, of course it's cheap and delicious! $6 for 2 orders of pork & chive, shrimp, sesame pancakes. But that's what Chinatown is. I've had other $1 for 4 or 5 dumpling places (names I've forgotten because it's so common in Ctown) that were better and not hyped up. With that said, I'd probably come back if I were in the area.
Went here last night (Sunday 7:30pm) in search of cheap delicious dumpling and I was not disappointed! I got 5 orders of pork and chive fried dumplings and one sesame pork pancake and one sesame duck pancake. I wanted to try the corn soup, soybean milk and pork buns but they were all out. So first don't be scared at this tiny location. You will see a line of others cramped up in this tiny place that seats 6 max.  The owners are friendly enough and everything here is so cheap! On to the food...the dumplings were perfectly fried with tons of flavor (4 for $1). The meat inside was salted and the texture and the crispness of the outside was just perfect! The sesame pancakes were equally delicious. And at $2 a piece with a meat filling, these are a steal! The fluffy goodness of the pancake is to die for. The items are fresh and constantly being  made. The portions are big and filling. The place is a lil grungy looking but that's expected at a Chinese place in Chinatown. Overall great place for cheap delicious filling food.
Great prices, as other yelpers have mentioned. I would recommend trying its bbq pork pancake besides the dumpling.
My favorite place in NY They're so nice and the sesame cake is the best.
These are the most awesomest dumplings in NYC by far. The place is really a hole in the wall inside the hole in the wall. Be prepared to wait in long lines. Fried dumplings are served up faster than boiled and sesame buns, so if you are in a rush once you hit the counter, order #4!! Seating is atrocious...4 tiny benches backed up against a garbage bin. Plan to eat more comfortably outside. I don't know how this place got an A rating; it almost makes me NOT want to eat there because most New Yorkers are familiar with the equation greasier the spoon = better tasting the food! Pros: Where else can 2 people eat for under 5$ Cons: You won't want to eat there, will wait for dim sum (but they're THAT GOOD!!)
Unbeatable quality for the price. If you don't mind the "sanitary issue" and want some real Chinese taste for real Chinese price.
WOW Are you kidding me?  This is by far the best dumpling I had for as long as I have lived in the US.  It tasted like home!  (Back in Taiwan.)  Talking about a true hole in a wall good.  This is a must visit!  It's such a bad news that this place is so close to school, I am afraid that I'll be there everyday...! :)  Okay, that's not so bad....  I'm sure I will load up before I move back to California..!
I think this place is one of the cheapest dumpling places I've ever come across! A great deal for the value. Their dumplings are also pretty good. I tried their shrimp and cabbage dumpling and their sesame pancake with beef. I'd probably recommend trying the sesame egg pancake over the one with the beef. A great place to drop by if your in the area and give it a try!
The sesame pancake is a dream.and the pork and chive dumplings are fantastic. Add an order of boiled pork and cabbage dumplings (that I literally watched them make by hand in the back) and you've got dinner for $4.50. Pro tip: go in the early evening...like after 5. No wait, no lines, and room to sit if you want.
Hole in the wall, cheap (delicious) dumplings, Chinatown. Thats all you need to know. Prices have gone up a smidge, but that shouldnt deter you from coming to grab your 10-15 dumplings and stuffing your face before going out on the town.
I got the vegetarian and chicken dumplings -- 16 dumplings for $6! They were great, but needed a little sriracha sauce to get a more fulfilling taste. My friend got the beef noodle soup and expected a little more taste but was happy otherwise. Overall, these were simple Chinese foods that left us satisfied! When I was there, there were only six chairs available for patrons -- so don't expect to get a seat. Also, don't be fooled by the dingy facilities and sketchy neighborhood.
With over 1,000 yelp positive reviews, Prosperity Dumpling is definitely one of Chinatown's hidden gems. At noon time on Sunday, to my surprise, I hardly had to wait and secured one of 5 bar stool seats. Many people came in and out for takeout. I ordered $2 boiled chives and pork dumplings (#8) and $1 sesame pancake (#14). Delicious, simple, and valuable meal delivered at an incredible speed! Be sure to use some sriracha spicy sauce, soy sauce, or vinegar before you dig into your dumplings! Live long and prosper, Prosperity!
WHAT?! 5 delicious dumplings for a dollar??? you can have lunch here for $2 and be very happy. You definitely have to check this place out if you're near Canal Street. YOU HAVE TO! I'm coming back for sure and don't worry, the dumplings are on me. ;)
Hands down the best $1 I've ever spent in NYC.  The pork & chive dumplings were perfectly cooked (crusty fried bottom and perfectly steamed top).  I'm going back again and again...
There's no bandwagon here. This place is the real deal. The only thing people "need" to do is try this place. (see semi-adjacent review). Fried scallion pork dumplings are some of the best I've had. 5 for a buck makes them a must. Sesame pancake was also great. Try the one with duck.
The food is extremely cheap and it tastes better than okay. However if you aren't near the area, I wouldn't suggest it's worth the hike to get there. The store itself is extremely small. People around me were wondering if this was indeed the famous dumpling place they'd heard about. The man beside me made a huge sigh out of impatience. People need to keep in mind this is a very small Chinese takeout, so yes there will be soy sauce puddles on the floor, a menu that's been scribbled over with pen and staff that may be abrupt. If there's a queue, expect to squeeze tight. I paid $1 for the sesame pancake and $3 for boiled vegetable dumplings (comes with 8).
Looking for a dirt cheap yet filling and tasty meal? Look no further...head on over to Prosperity Dumpling if you're in NYC. Being Chinese, I've had plenty of dumplings in my lifetime from store bought...to homemade filling with pre-made skins...to homemade from grandma where everything start to finish is freshly prepared. If you're looking to go somewhere and sit down to have a meal, this is not the place. Prosperity Dumpling is literally a hole in the wall joint with a couple of stools on the side where you just walk in and let them know what you want to order and you should get it all within minutes. You can see everything that's happening from the ladies filling and making the dumplings...to the chefs cooking them in big steamers and frying pans...to the guy at the register taking orders. For $1.00 you can get 4 juicy, plump and meaty pork and chive pan fried dumplings where the juice is just oozing out as you bite into it! The dumpling skin is a little thicker here which is how I prefer it and they're chewy in texture which in Chinese means there's "strength" in the dough. The filling is very flavorful and the chives aren't diced too thin so you can still get the flavor of the chive itself. There are also other steamed dumplings and vegetarian dumplings. Next time, I'll have to try one of their noodle soups and the sesame breads with duck or pork. My mistake before coming here was to pre-eat a little as I thought this would just be my snack but I regretted it after because I wanted to try so much more! I'm sure I've had tons of amazing dumplings in my lifetime...but none as cheap without sacrificing taste and quality like this. My husband and I had 2 orders of the pan fried dumpling and a small corn and chicken soup for $3.25. Now where in NYC can you get a meal for so cheap and delicious!? Oh yes...bring cash! (Not too sure if credit cards are accepted). Dreaming of them dumplings in my sleep till my next visit....Bon appetit!
5 Delicious, fresh, and savory dumplings for $1?! YES PLEASE!! I can seriously eat these dumplings all day everyday! Even their sesame pancake sandwiches are cheap and delicious, although very oily. The only issue I have with this place is that it's TINY. Especially with the school across the street, kids come rushing in after school with their huge backpacks, smacking people in the back as they are eating! But for these dumplings, I would gladly put up with it. Just beware of the Monday to Friday, 3-4pm time frame!
Prosperity Dumpling is so awesome that once in a while I'll make the trip during my lunch hour at work. And since I work in the fashion district, this means taking a subway trip and using up a good part of an hour, so it's definitely some effort. The only regret I have is that I don't have enough time to get off at 23rd street so I can parade in front of Rickshaw Dumpling Bar. I imagine I'd do this by juggling five dumplings and catching them mid-air in my mouth one by one. Speaking of Rickshaw, and I'm not sure if I'm picking on them or using them to propel Prosperity, but cost per pork chive dumpling is $.91 vs. $.20. Is it fair to compare the two quality wise? Questionable. But is the quality 4.5x better? Emphatically, no. Also, I've cut out pork, but the vegetarian dumplings and sesame pancakes still garners my lunch trips. Being a dive-y Chinese place though, I wouldn't be 100% that they have rigorous standards of keeping the vegetarian business completely seperated.
My favorite dumpling joint ever. Trust me, as a fried dumpling connoisseur, this place has been, by far, the best dumpling house in the city. My order composed of 10 dumplings ($2, 5 for $1), small Chicken Corn soup ($1), and a sesame pancake(.60 cents). It was delicious. The dumpling, along with some siracha and vinegar, was absolutely phenomenal. The chicken-corn soup was light and hearty and absolutely delicious. The pancake was light, crispy, and the bits of scallions in it were great! This meal could've easily fed two people for $3.50, but I ate it all myself. I highly recommend this place. If you are ever there, this would be the ideal place to hit up. The man who takes your orders is a very nice guy, looks like a family man just trying to make it. The dumpling house is extremely small and dirty. It's usually crowded because of the number people in it. Overall, highly recommended, You can't go wrong with these dumplings, especially for the price!
Thank you Yelp! A fantastic winner! My favorite cheap eats! Came here several times while in NYC. Get the pancake. Excellent dumplings and beef noodle soup! I know the noodles were awesome because I took the beef noodle soup to Central Park and the birds loved it! What?!? I dropped the container twice and the bottom broke off. I didn't get to taste the soup and most of the noodles, but the beef was tender! It didn't go to waste cause the birds and squirrels googled it up in no time flat. Prices are F*CKIN' rock bottom...SH*T you can live off of $5 of Prosperity Dumpling food a day for life (or until they raise the prices)!!!!
thin skin, flavorful veggie filling and cheap!  what more can i ask for?!?! I've been to here and tasty dumplings and I prefer the Prosperity dumpling, simply because I think the dumpling skin here is better.  The skin makes a difference since you don't want to eat a blob of dough and barely there filling!
Whenever I go here I feel like a rich man. You could order everything on the menu and it would still be cheap. The dumplings and vegetable sesame bread are my favorite things to get here. The dumplings are cripsy, oily and loaded with delicious meaty bits. It isn't high quality gourmet fare but it's the best bang for your buck in probably the whole city. I've had many long nights that were joyously ended in the comfort of prosperity dumplings tiny cramped shop. I love this place.
Depending on the time that you go dictates how long the line will be but better know that there will be a line. The dumplings are great but the price is even better. We got 48 dumplings for $13! Nonetheless, they're quality dumplings. I really enjoyed the pan fried pork and chive.
What a perfect hole in the wall dumpling place.  Tried the sesame pancake and fried pork & chive dumplings.  An absolute delight of a super cheap cheap bite!! Wish this place was in my home town.  Wish I could send home a couple dozen of their frozen dumplings.
I just ate lunch for $3!!! I arrived at 1pm on a Friday and there was a line of about 10 people coming out of the door, but it took less than 10 minutes to get up to the register. I ordered the Pork and Chive dumplings (fried), they were 4 for $1! And the Peking duck sesame pancake for $2. They churn out so many dumplings and pancakes that they are waiting at the register so instantly received my order. You can also order the dumplings boiled but they only come in a larger amount and you have to wait longer. There are only a few barstools inside and the place is no bigger than a walk-in-closet so I took my lunch 2 blocks away and enjoyed it in the park. My lunch was cheap, quick and delicious, a great way to experience Chinatown.
Is the joke on me?  How is the food here so cheap?   Even after reading all the reviews about how cheap it is, reality set in when I actually paid.  It's nice to know there are still places to get a good bang for your buck.   I ordered the chives and pork fried dumplings (5 per order), chives and pork boiled dumplings (10 per order), sesame pancake with beef, and hot soy milk.  Definitely enough to feed two people but since it was so cheap, I wanted to try a number of items from the menu. All of this cost $5.50!   As for the food, I really liked the fried pork dumplings, that was my favorite so I would say that's a must order.  The other items were good as well.  I was lucky I got a fresh sesame pancake right out of the wok.  The guy put the entire pancake on the counter and chopped it into slices with a meat cleaver.  Gotta love it.   Definitely worth a trip to try this even if you don't live in the area.  Chances are your transportation costs will be more than what you spend on the food.
I read the review in TONY a while back and decided I had to get there ASAP. It was worth the trek to and fro on the Williamsburg Bridge. The size alone is worth the venture. You get a mouthful of delicious steamy goodness with each one, whether it be the pork or the steamed vegetable. It's a good place to stop by when courting any out-of-towners looking for a cheap spot to eat. At 5 dumplings for $1, it's the best deal you're going to get.
I read all the reviews and heard all the chatter so... I enter the one room dumpling house salivating.  I came here with two friends and the GF who felt claustrophobic in the room with only 5 stools.  I place an order for the group and the chow down begins.  The dumplings were tasty but ive had dumplings just as good.  If you dont know about dumplings, get the boiled ones if you want a soft exterior wrap with a juicy center while the fried gives u a little crunchier outside while the juicy pork center sends flavor all over your mouth(sorry if its too sensual). The sesame pancakes were by far the best thing on the menu.  We tried the duck, chicken, and beef triangular morsels of goodness.  The inside also has carrot and cilantro with the meat.  It was nice to see the gentleman make these on the spot, we were there for a while, he makes it just like a pizza. The prices was prob the best part with the diverse crowd.  while we were there the crowd had two IB bros, a guy on crutches, a grandmother with her daughter, and a bunch of other people to make a massive melting pot.   Grab some siracha and have a nice fulfilling cheap meal in chitown.
I heard about this place and had planned on ordering 15 dumplings to wolf down.  I could barely finish beyond 6.   Not that they were bad, they were reallly GOOD.  It was more that the dumplings were a good size & skin super thick.  Therefore, my expectations of chinese ppl cheapening out the product for something that is 5 for $1 were wrong! Anyway, only con I have to say is don't expect srvc.  If your takeout doesn't include soy/hot sauce, you need to reach in the sideof the kitchen pathway & get it yourself.  If you eat there and the big bottles of soy/hot sauce run out, again, go get it your damn self in the side kitchen area. get the fried pork & chive dumplings every time
Holy JEEZ! This place is a hole in the wall. Seriously, a hole in the wall. But the most delicious dumplings I've ever tasted. Get 5 pork and chives  dumplings and accompany that with a mouth-watering sesame pancake with duck. I think that'll run you around $4.00 and your taste buds will be in heaven.
This is the take out of all take out joints and the Dumplings live up to the hype. Delicious, affordable and a true NYC experience.
These dumplings are simply great.  Of course i'm only saying this about the fried dumplings only (Pork and Chives baby!).  Yeah it was for my buddy's new years eve party so I ordered one hundred dumplings! Yes you read that right 100! I had to call in but sadly the number on yelp isn't correct (for the moment) it's some 646 number. Anyway, I went to the store and got the number then called and ordered for pick up. They told me 30 minutes so I passed the time by walking around. Once the time was up I went back and paired for them and took those sweet pillows of heaven to my buddy's place 5 minutes away where we created upon them like kings! Out was a glorious feat but sadly one hundred dumplings for two dozen people weren't enough. Still out was a happy New year! The dumplings were great because they are tasty, fresh and giant versus other places.
Taste-wise this place is better than Vanessa's dumpling if we must compare, but when you compare this to other dumpling places, it hardly makes the mark.  Yeah okay the prices are dirt cheap, but quality and taste are sacrificed for price.  The pork dumplings although seasoning wise was okay, the pork was a little strong in taste.  Their shrimp dumplings were a joke.  10% shrimp and 90% cabbage and bland bland bland.  Pretty sure it would be more accurate to name them cabbage dumplings.  Not worth the trip.
The items I've tried from Prosperity are the boiled veggie dumplings, sesame noodles, and sesame pancake with veggies. All great, and at ridiculously cheap prices. Recently, we placed a large order with them for 1200 dumplings to be delivered for an event in DUMBO. Chen, the owner, was very nice and accommodating. He did ask that we provide the large aluminum pans since they don't carry such supplies (which was easy--just picked them up at a dollar store). Unfortunately, I don't think they usually do such large orders, and at the event this weekend, the dumplings arrived about an hour late because he got lost driving to the location. Luckily, we had requested the food to be delivered early enough that it worked out. Chen definitely seems to be a sincere person and I feel bad that he had driven around for an hour trying to deliver. And while Chen does speak English, he is more comfortable with Mandarin (and most other workers at the store don't speak English) -- so just something to do note if you are planning on placing a large order, or asking anyone any questions out of the ordinary. Everyone at the event raved about the dumplings and despite the late delivery, we really appreciated Chen's sincerity. So for that, I'm giving them 5 instead of 4 stars.
$2 for 10 dumplings.  Just try to beat that.   DELISH, and an A for sanitation!
OMG.  WTF. GTFO. Translation? BANG FOR YOUR BUCK. That is all that needs to be said here. I came in with Tiffany and we ordered pork and chive pan -fried dumplings, sesame pancake with peking duck, and hot and sour soup. The total cost? $7 dollars--ENOUGH TO FEED TWO PEOPLE. 1. The pork and chive dumplings were amazing and on point. Crisp outer but chewy dumpling shell, meaty and flavorful  filling. 2. The sesame pancakes were a true work of art. Dedicate some extra time to watch these dumpling warriors make the pancake and cook it from scratch--true food porn in person. The output? A warm, fluffy pancake that melts in your mouth upon biting into it. The peking duck was good but nothing special-- if you want premium peking duck, then go to one of the restaurants around the area known for this specialty. The skin of the duck was crisp and sweet but the meat was a bit tough and dry. I give them a pass because the name of the place after all is "Prosperity Dumplings." 3. The hot and sour soup was delicious-- tangy but also spicy, decorated with mushrooms, other fungi, and tofu. Yum! We also ordered the shrimp dumplings after leaving the place--this is where Prosperity loses a star. Having had shrimp and vegetable dumplings in Hong Kong, I would say that these were a bit disappointing. The dumpling wrapping was a bit hard, either from being refrigerated too long or overcooked, and the shrimp was not as fresh as or as large as I  hoped. The vegetables were a bit tasteless. Tip: Definitely try the pan-fried dumpling variations instead of the steamed dumplings--much much better. Overall, its dumplings in Chinatown at Hong Kong prices. What more could you ask for? A true hole-in-the-wall that is a hidden gem. Go discover it!
There's a reason this place has so many reviews and photos. It is one of the best deals in NYC. $1 buys five of the most delicious pan fried dumplings (guo-tie) one of my favorite snacks I get whenever I am in the area. The bottoms are nice and browned. It is a hole in the wall that is always packed. I also love the soy bean milk.
For a couple bucks you can get some really good tasting, juicy dumplings. Although it'll be a bit greasy and most likely not healthy at all, getting a full meal for less than $5 is great. You can also buy frozen dumplings by the bagful (50 at a time) so thats kinda cool too. The place is super tiny and cramped, so be prepared to take it to go and eat on a bench somewhere.
With the yelp rating and thousands of reviews that Prosperity Dumplings has, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed! My husband and I stayed in Chinatown during a visit to NYC and I knew that Prosperity was on the top of my list for authentic food in Chinatown, and man was impressed! Such a cheap, cheap meal, and a totally authentic experience. I heard a guy ask for the duck soup, and the man at the counter told him that the duck was cooking up in his apartment, and he'd have to go upstairs and go get it. Incredible! Little hole in the wall shack with barely any seating, and only one little bench outside for eating. There was already a line out the door when we go there, and we used the time to figure out what to get. We settled on pork and chive fried dumplings and boiled chicken dumplings. The fried pork dumplings were definitely the winner- perfect with a little bit of soy and siracha. I was literally still dreaming about this place the day that we left NYC, and trying to figure out another time to get back there before we left.
This review really only needs one sentence: 50 frozen dumplings for $9. But Yelp deemed it too short and wanted to add this review as a "tip". So I guess I'll write more. Prosperity Dumpling is basically a tiny hole in a wall that churns out dumplings, fried and boiled, all day long. The different dumplings are numbered on menu for easy ordering. The dumplings are very cheap and delicious. You walk in and buy a whole boat-load of frozen dumplings, shove them in your freezer, and on those days you don't feel like doing a lot of cooking, fry or boil those suckers for about 10 minutes and you got yourself a meal. Viola.
This place is good for what it is - a rotating door of cheap, tasty pork dumplings with a high salt content that goes even higher the more soy sauce and the inevitable chili garlic sauce you put on. One of the few other items I order from the short menu is the sesame pancake. Dry and oily at the same time. I didn't know that was even possible until I found Prosperity. As for the dumplings, I've had much much better. The skins are thick - like little sandwich bites. Still, you can't deny their kind of addictive. Not just for the scalliony salty flavor, but the price is absurdly affordable. Something like 5 dumplings for $1. Bottom line, this place is great if you're drunk, a student, a drunk student, or just dirt cheap like me :)
As I write this, the Yelp reviews for Properity Dumpling number less than 10% of those written for Dumpling House.  This hardly seems fair.  As worthy advocates below have noted, the dumplings here are superb and possibly preferable to those of its main competitor up the street.  Not only is the skin slightly thinner, crispier; the filling is truly flavorful, even without soy sauce. My recommendation for a heavenly $3 lunch is to diversify: FIVE dumplings from Dumpling House plus TEN dumplings from Prosperity.  You'll be devouring the best of both worlds, and more of the better. Live long and prosper, Prosperity Dumpling!
This place is awesome! It's an amazing place to stop for a quick snack to curb your appetite before your next meal and all for a great price. 5 fried pork and chive dumplings for only $1 is a definite bang for your buck. The filling is juicy and flavorful and the skin is crispy with the perfect texture. The sesame pancake is ginormous for only $1 as well - the bread is light and fluffy with the sesame seeds adding just the right touch of saltiness. The soy sauce on the side also great. It has a touch of vinegar and isn't too sodium-heavy. Sriracha adds that spiciness too. Minus 1 star, only because the dumplings aren't always fresh and because the guy behind the counter is a bit of an asshole (but that isn't unexpected in a cheap Chinese food restaurant).
"You get what you pay for."  This is my philosophy towards Chinese food and it keeps me even-heeled.  Because paying $1 for 5 dumplings ($2 for 10) shouldn't get you fancy food.  It gives you delicious dumplings that is probably riddled with MSG.  And I shouldn't and can't complain. This is cheaper than any fast food and probably healthier. I know it. I got what I paid for.
I've never been a dumpling freak but this one is completely blew my mind off. 5 dumplings for $1 and taste great? One and only in NYC!
The best pan fried dumplings I've ever had. You get 5 for $1, I think. What you get are pork and chive dumplings with a not too thin, not too thick wrapper, and a perfectly golden crunchy top. When you first bite into the dumpling dumpling juices burst out. It can get pretty crowded though so be prepared to wait. The wait is well worth it. Came here recently with a friend who ordered one of their pork sesame pancakes. Those things are amazing. The pancake is crunchy on the outside, but soft and fluffy on the inside. It was stuffed with fatty pork and crunchy shaved carrots.
In the battle of the best dumplings in NYC I think Prosperity wins the crown. The boiled vegetable dumplings come out steaming hot, and with a little added sriracha they're perfection. They're of course crazy cheap. $2.00 for eight. I also ordered a sesame pancake with egg ($2.00). It wasn't bad, but this is where Vanessas down the road, outdoes them. Prosperitys pancake is extremely oily, and gets everywhere when you're eating it. Overall, cheap delicious food. The place is the size of a closet and gets full fast. there's extremely minimal seating inside, with a couple tables outside. With the craziness, they're very efficient and your food comes out fairly quickly.
Okay you walk into this hole in the wall on the LES. Dirty white tiles--almost feels like one of those ghetto chinese takeout places with the bank teller plexiglass. Counter seating for 6 or so? Then you look at the menu and it says, Fried Shrimp dumplings 2$? What!? Veg 1.50$ I ordered both from a young guy inside the hole. He looks at me blankly. Maybe I said the wrong thing? No matter-- he plops the dumplings into two styrofoam containers. We sit at the counter with our sriracha and realize: "These cheap ass dumplings are REALLY, REALLY GOOD!" Best $3.50 I ever spent!
This place is a little hole in the wall down in Chinatown that's famous for its dollar dumplings. I myself am not a huge fan - I like dumplings that have thinner skin that can be fried more easily. I come here not for the dumplings, but rather the duck pancake. This greasy but delicious sesame pancake has duck and veggies inside and is a great deal for around $2 a pancake. Delicious! Skip the dumplings and go for the pancake - you won't regret it!
Randomly came across this hole-in-the-wall. SUPER CHEAP! 5 dumplings for a dollar and they're GOOD. 50 frozen dumplings to take home for $8. It looks tiny, it looks dirty, it looks like another failed restaurant. Except it has a line coming out of it. Also, it's deliciously simple. Look into the kitchen: you'll find 8-10 Chinese workers diligently making dumplings around the clock. I'm definitely coming back here.
Surprisingly easy to find. Fried pork and chive dumplings were delicious! Fed 4 people for $10.
As far as dumplings/gyoza go, this place is tops! You can't beat 5 dumplings for $1. It even beats McDs at the ultimate in cheapness. And that's not to say they're not good! They are delicious! Served fresh, hot and steaming, no matter what time of day you go. I once stumbled off a plane at 7am, hit Prosperity Dumpling not much later, and the whole rest of my day was better for those lovely dumplings.
5 dumplings for $1. Thin skins and delicious filling; infinitely better than those doughy globs you get at Vanessa's. For another 2 bucks, you can get a very tasty bowl of hot and sour soup and a veggie sandwich made from their wok bread (dont know the actual name). Downside is that there is really nowhere to sit, but still totally worth it.
I saw the review and decided to give it a try, but it was disappointing. To be Honest, they are better than what they cost, but they are definitely not so delicious (fried) dumplings.
One of the biggest reasons why I miss living in the Chinatown area is this place. It's no frills but you can't argue the price. And the dumplings are pretty tasty too. They sell bags of frozen dumplings if you want to take them home.
Good dumplings not best for the price it's good.  Seemed clean and they cook right behind the counter so you can see its not disgustingly dirty.  I had the egg pancake and my wife has the veggie pancacke both were satisfying and cheap.  Ggood sweety dough for bread fried almost like fried dough with bits of carrots and cilantro to give it spivey flavor.  Egg was like egg foo young with ought the meat.  I would go again when I'm back in town.
yo! 4 dumplings for 1 dollar! 3 pan fried pork buns for ONE DOLLAR. unheard of. insane. you can walk out of there with a very generous lunch for $2-5. gotta love it. try the pork fried buns (sheng jian bao), get the scallion pancakes, and get a small wonton soup. you will be full in no time, for a mere $4. thank me later! take it to go obviously. eat it outside. feel like a true new yorker.
For what you pay for, you get amazing food. Don't even bother going there to sit down and eat (we just stood outside and ate), but the dumplings were amazing; 5 pork and chives fried dumplings for $1. Add a little hot sauce with it on the side, and you are golden. This place accepts only cash, but like everyone has said, it's very cheap. I ate 10, but I probably could have crushed more without killing my wallet. I already miss this place. I heard the pancakes are great too. You should definitely stop by here, specially in this time of recession.
The sesame pancake wasn't all too great, but I had the boiled pork and chive dumplings and they were DELICIOUS. 5 for a dollar, can you really beat that? Definition of your classic, delicious hole in the wall place.. definitely don't expect to really eat here though, it's REALLY small and barely any place to stand let alone sit and enjoy the amazing dumplings.
You MUST come here for a cheap date-day adventure. The fried or steamed dumplings are nothing less than magical!  And the scallion pancake is so good you could wrap yourself up in it like a blanket. No room to sit, but who cares? Go walk around the park or just around in Chinatown. I just... I can't. I want them now.
I'd give this little hole-in-the-wall cafe 5-stars except for the very limited seating in an 8' by 10' entry way / ordering window /  dining room.  The menu is simple, the prices insanely low, and food delicious.  I had never had sesame or scallion pancake before and they were both delicious.  The dumplings are 4 for a dollar.  You can get them fried or steamed.  My husband, my sister and I ate a hearty lunch including 2 cans of soda for $10.  If I'm in the area again, I'll definitely stop in again.  YUM!!
Okay, since the first time I've been here,  I've been dragged back twice by my best friend.  This is on her list of MUST go restaurants every time we're in NYC.  Having lowered my expectations, this place is pretty legit since food here is dirt cheap.  $1 for 5 dumplings, not a bad deal.  The sesame pancake was pretty tasty as well.  I love soup, but i'm still skeptical about ordering it from here again.  Don't want an upset stomach while painting the town red.
My head almost explodes when I think about this place.  Just wow.  And the price?!  Are you kidding me??  $7 lunch for both Hubs and I, and we "splurged" on Shrimp Soup Boiled Dumplings!  We had the pork and chive dumplings (Hubs' fav), above mentioned soup dumplings (my fav), and a sesame pancake, which strangely reminded me of the old fashioned Pizza Hut crust...don't ask or judge, because I loved it.   What's the rule of thumb when eating in NYC?  When you see a line out the door somewhere, get. in. it.  It doesn't matter what it is; just jump in and figure out where you are later.  This definitely applies here, as there was a line out the door at 2 PM on a weekday.  Plan to take your meal to go unless you can snag one of the 8 or so small stools on the sides of the closet-sized restaurant. This place is a no-brainer next time we are in the city!
CASH ONLY. This is the definition of a hole in the wall. It's a tiny place in Chinatown, with 4 seats facing a wall along both sides of the room. There is usually a mass of people ordering out, but the line moves fairly quickly. There is one man who takes all the orders (no idea how he keeps track of everything), takes the money, and helps with cooking. Behind him are 4 gigantic pans with what looks like 50 dumplings in each and 10 or so people cooking back there. My fiancé and I got 28 dumplings for $7.00. We got 8 fried pork and chive dumplings for $2.00, 10 boiled pork and chive dumplings for $2.50, and 10 boiled pork and cabbage dumplings for $2.50. You cannot find anything cheaper than this and the quality is fantastic. Best dumplings  I've ever had! As far as sanitary, I wouldn't give this place 5 stars, but that's all part of the experience. If you want to spend only a few dollars and be stuffed with delicious dumplings please go here!!
Prosperity Dumpling is one of those places that I definitely crave to eat at, for both value, and flavor.  With the plethora of dumpling houses and carts throughout New York (and I've tried most), I find this place to be my favorite in value and taste.  The mixture of pork and fresh chives in a home made dumpling wrap equates to a simple yet truly flavorful balance that hits home for me every time. There shouldn't be any hesitation to try this place.  At worst, you are out of a dollar for 5 pieces.  If you are ordering to go, make sure to pour on some sauce before you leave.  They don't give sauce packets for to-go like others.
This is my favorite restaurant in China Town.  I lived in taiwan for 18 years, so i am very picky with chinese/taiwanese food. I have to say  sesame pancakes with beef/veg/duck is amazing.  The dumplings are good as well.  The price is extremely low.  FYI!
We found this little hole in the wall via yelp and got lucky with a seat at two of the eight stools at the makeshift "eat in" side seating.  Great dumplings and a great price! The price was so low that I first ordered three of everything thinking the price was for one dumpling until the guy behind the register asked me if i really wanted to order 90 dumplings!! Haha! Amazing. Will definitely be back. Oh and it's cash only.
Prices have increased by $.05 in the last 10 days now you only get 4 dumplings, but who can complain about these meaty balls of goodness. A little hot sauce and a splash of soy...omg mine eyes have seen the coming!!!
I once went on a dumpling tour where I tried pork & chive dumplings from about 6 places in Chinatown. Prosperity Dumplings are by far the best, and much more flavorful than Vanessa's Dumplings. There aren't many stools and you feel crammed in if you do sit inside, but there's a new park a couple blocks away in the center of Allen Street filled with benches (and some tables!)
In NYC chinatown? Stop in for sure. No sitting area and a long line during peak times but worth it
You know you're in for something awesome when the line to order is out the door.. Prosperity Dumpling did not disappoint! Hands down, the best dumplings I've ever had. This place is a must for anyone visiting NYC, these delicious little pillows of love are so worth it!
a haiku: delicious dumplings perfect after imbibing only one buck spent...
Hole in the wall. 5 dumplings for $1. Hot, fresh, da best. Make sure to drench it with the soy and siracha sauce they have on the side before you leave. ME SO HUNGRY, NOW ME FULL.
Every time I hear some xenophobe bitching about immigrants, I wish I could lure them to someplace like Prosperity Dumpling to witness just how wrong they are. The employees here might not speak more than 50 words of English amongst them (excluding the young guy at the counter, who has become pretty fluent over the last few years), but they are always working CRAZY HARD, and because of their mind-blowing efforts, we all get to enjoy 5 juicy pork and chive dumplings for a dollar.  ONE DOLLAR! And fluffy sesame pancakes stuffed with various goodness for only $1.75!! That, my friends, is a beautiful thing. So come to Prosperity Dumpling, place your order, watch in awe as the employees work their everloving butts off (thereby making you feel ridiculously lazy and worthless by comparison), and then bury your self-loathing under a heaping plate of delicious dumplings. Mmmm. Oh yeah, and don't forget to take a bag of frozen dumplings home with you. They're the best and cheapest instant meal I've ever encountered.
Prosperity Dumpling defines the term "a hole in the wall." The past two times I've been in NYC, I have came here, and they have not disappointed once. The unit itself is MAD tiny! There are VERY limited indoor seating spots, and you'll get bumped by anxious and hungry patrons waiting in line to order. I suggest eating it outside the shop (ghetto, I know) or find a park nearby. The dumplings here are mad cheap. Like four for a buck cheap or something crazy like that. You can get them deep fried or boiled. I personally recommend the deep fried. Another thing I tried here was the fresh soy bean milk. Do note that unlike the Chinese soy bean milk that everyone is accustomed to, you have to add sugar into the ones here to add the sweet flavor to it. I personally like it this way better because it's technically more traditional, so it's definitely not for everyone. They also sell won ton noodle soup, hot and sour soup and Chinese pancakes.
I have tried many dumplings over the years from all over the world, including in China, and I have to say these dumplings are among the best. This tiny, hole in the wall is delicious and tasty and a cheap meal; we got 20 dumplings for $5.50! They come out quick and fast and also sell their dumplings frozen if you want to store some at home. Definitely try the fried chive and pork dumplings if you only order one thing.
Greasy, cheap, filling and oh.. did i mention cheap? Awesome place for a snack to go !
This place is the best dumpling house in the city! The dumplings are at a nice size and it's crispy with just the right amount of juice! This is way better than Vanessa's Dumpling. They even have an A rating. Also the people behind the counter are actually pretty friendly. I mean what can really go wrong because after all the dumplings are $1 for 5.
Good solid dumplings, not the best I had but they're pretty good and cheap. It's not really a sit in place, this little store gets full fast so make sure you know what you want before you walk in. Most time there's hardly any space to even open the door, there's a bit of madness to this place but I think it just adds on to the atmosphere. Also you'll see like groups on people standing outside eating dumplings or do like I did walked and are my yummy dumplings on the way to the subway station.
Throughout the course of my life, I have had an addiction too dumplings. As a non-resident of NY, I randomly had the opportunity to stay in the China Town area near Prosperity Dumpling joint recently. A friend from the city, knowing I am obsessed with dumpling magic, insisted my fiance and I check out Prosperity Dumpling after having a few beers close by. This place is everything I wanted in an authentic dumpling joint. We showed up right before close, and the guys were frying/steaming off the last of the product for the night. We ordered 12 pork dumplings, a bowl of hot and sour soup, and a scallion pancake. The cost to us was $5.25. I felt like I was cheating them after seeing what was boxed up so I bumped up my normal tip! We walked home to our hotel and the deliciousness ensued. I have eaten dumplings from places all over and from plenty of Asian Markets from coast to coast and in between. They were flavourful, juicy, and the dough had just the right chew. I am jealous of those living around the area. Only off-putting thing about the place was the not-so-pleasant odor (hence the 4 stars). The tiny place looked pretty clean and we had no problems. We shall return!
Cheap and good!!! Handmade dumplings with the nice chewy but not to thick skin and flavored meat. I forgot exactly how much but it was something ridiculous like 10 for $2.50. My friend and I got the pork and chives and pork and cabbage. Both were absolutely excellent. You can actually see the ladies in the back making the dumplings and boiling them in a huge pot. Tip: the place is SUPER crowded and have very minimal seating...many people just get their box and stand out on the street and eat it. They also sell frozen dumplings that you can take home! Also very cheap. Don't remember how much but something like $6 or $7 for 50. Love it!!!
So far the best dumplings (Pork and chives) to date.   Inexpensive and filling.  Cook to perfection.  Pancake was good but les filling than Vanessa's dumpling house down the street. I;ll be back soon.
The unit price per dumpling here is very low, so you can get a lot of food cheaply.  BUT, this place is a dump, the staff was sick and/or hacking lugies into the trash can next to the fryer.  Although I know Chinese food is usually not made in the most sanitary environments it was a little too much for me.  I will not be going back, unless I only have 3 bucks and really really want dumplings.
Tried these fried dumplings known as "guo-tie" from them one night as I was attending a birthday party at a bar next door and had some munchies.  Delighted to enjoy these and would go back again if I was in the area.  Very simple menu in the restaurant and though they serve other items, you should just come here straight for these and nothing more.
Flavor-wise, I would give this a 3 star. But it's MAD cheap. 5 dumplings (fried or boiled) for $1... That's right 1 dollar!!! You can even buy the frozen ones to go. You gotta eat them with the hot sauce provided in the table! The place's extremely small, don't even bother trying to eat in there (there are like 4 stools), just eat it outside. Warning: this place only takes cash only. But yeah, if you're low on money and want pretty good dumplings, definitely stop by here!
After hours of wandering around NYC, the sesame pancake was a perfect treat. I was surprised by how good it was. Fast, tasty and cheap!
Cheap. Hole in the wall. Delicious. Suspicious how the prices can be SO good. $2 for 4 fried dumplings. $2 for 10 boiled cabbage + pork dumplings My chinese mom and aunt were scared what's in the meat given the prices... Good to try, probably don't eat often for health reasons.
went on this dumpling crawl yesterday and this was the first place we started at and i must say it was the best place out of 7 we hit.  the chives and pork dumplings were the best of all the places we went.  i will be going back to this sort of hidden gem but i see the masses has found out about this place.  the line was out the door, onto the sidewalk and passed the next door's store front.   the second thing best about this place other than the food was the price.
Not only cheap, but delicious! The corn soup is perfect for a chilly day. I also love the vegetable dumplings and the chive and pork ones.  Great texture and great flavo. You could seriously feed yourself on a few dollars at this place.
Oddly enough (or not so oddly), I ended up here on a second date...I was warned about a lack of ambiance, but a promise that the food would be delicious.  And delicious it was, although we huddled in the small seating area in our winter coats since it was definitely chilly out.  But the dumplings!  I never knew how much I liked them.  Some soup on the side and we were all warmed up. This place is apparently no secret, but I didn't know any better and thought it was a lucky find.  Will definitely be back!
My first Five Star review. Best dumplings for the price!! 10 pan fried pork dumplings for $2, you can't beat that value anywhere. They are also pretty good tasting! Guy speaks english well which is good since my chinese is horrible. Def coming back here for more dumplings and getting the pack of 50 frozen for $8.
So let's say you're really hungry and find yourself wandering around Eldridge Street in Chinatown.  Now let's say you only have about $2 to your name.  Well thank goodness for Prosperity Dumpling. Get ten dumplings for $2.  Plus they are actually pretty good dumplings.  What more could you want?
Great hole in the wall that lets you stuff your face cheap. I thought the Dumpling Man was good until I tried out this place. After getting more food than you really should eat for less than $4, during nice weather you can head north and make a left on Hester Street, and sit at picnic tables at the park at the foot of the Manhattan bridge. Not a great park, but great when you need somewhere to eat those dumplings and pancakes *now* instead of dragging them all the way home. And then after that, you should go back to Prosperity Dumpling and buy the frozen 50-pack for gluttonous consumption at home.
I love Prosperity and their boiled dumplings ($2) with watered down Sriracha. Ay yi yi Take your food to the Roosevelt park, where you can watch old men tai-chi and hear the piercing tones of Cantonese opera~ !
My dorm room for school was only a few blocks away from here. About a month into living in my dorms, another student introduced me to this place... and I still can't thank them enough! It's definitely one of those tiny hole in the wall places you would be unsure of, especially if you are just visiting the city, but I assure you that you need to try it. Perfect budget meal if you are trying to save a few bucks and great for college students! If I can remember correctly, it was $2 for an order of dumplings... TWO DOLLARS! That never happens in Manhattan! Also, did I mention perfect hangover food? Yes, they could be using less than 'quality' meats/produce in order to be able to sell it so cheap, but I don't think it could be any worse than the frozen dumplings at the grocery store or Micky D's for that matter. I now live in Charleston, SC, but when I do visit the city this place is definitely on my list of go to's!
This is my first time to New York, and after using yelp I found this spot in china town. I ordered the sesame bun with duck, fried dumpling, pork and shrimp dumpling. They're all very good, except shrimp, which is alright. But of all, the best part of this restaurant is how inexpensive everything is. The whole entire meal cost us $10.50. $10.50! With the amount of food that can possibly feed 3 people. 10 dumplings for $2.50. Can't beat that anywhere! Expect for Asia.
I think this is the dumpling for the 'common people', the skin is thick and the filling is sparse. The soup and the pancake taste much much better. Be prepared to fight for a spot to eat in the extremely small space especially during winter time, but there's always an option to take out
No pictures or words can do this place justice.  I don't know how they afford to keep this up at such low price...price aside, everything is absolutely delicious!  New Yorkers are so blessed to have this little hole in the wall heaven...  There are 6 seats - 4 along one counter and 2 along the opposite side.   Our first visit, we had 10 of the boiled dumplings, 5 potstickers and the fresh soy milk.  While everything were good, the potstickers stood out - the juices from the meat... It was so good, we made it back just to have the potstickers (10 this time) and the soy milk once more... We will definitely return...better yet, can they move to SF?
If you are within walking distance of Prosperity Dumpling and are not there stuffing your face at this very moment, this out-of-towner is actually a little bit angry at you. The dumplings are simply amazing. It's been a month since my boyfriend and I ate here, and we still fondly remember the dumplings on a daily basis, and contemplate taking trips to NYC for the sole purpose of buying bags and bags of dumplings. We're only half joking. They're just that good. We also tried the hot and sour soup and the sesame pancake; they didn't disappoint. Of course, you are crammed in a somewhat dingy storefront unable to avoid elbowing your neighbor, but that's half the fun!
If one food place is certainly recession-proof, Prosperity Dumpling is wearing the Kevlar vest and brushing the dirt off the shoulder.  At these prices it's a very cheap way to keep the belly full. For a buck you get five dumplings, fried or steamed.  They also serve soup and a few other items.  Really though, it's about the dumplings. As an added bonus, you can buy a bag of 50 frozen dumplings to take home for $8!  And that, fellow Yelpers, is just what I did.
They have the Best dumplings around and reasonable as well. I can not wait to return.
Truth be told, I don't see what the big deal is about this place.  The price is good but you get what you pay for.  The dumplings were oily, soggy, and lacked flavor.  The space is so small (think of a closet) that navigating to place an order and finding a location to stand while you wait are a challenge.  It seemed like the staff was overwhelmed and would confuse different customer orders.
There's a reason these guys have such a good rating after 2k+ reviews. I'd gladly pay double or even triple the prices these guys charge. The fried pork and chive dumplings are ridiculous, and the boiled dumplings along with the soup they're in are really good too. Get a sesame pancake with duck while you're at it...you won't regret it. Fiancee and I spent about 7 bucks total and had more than enough to eat. Very little space for seating inside...theres one bench outside that can fit like three people if you squeeze. Be prepared to eat while standing in the sidewalk with your buddies
Trust the reviews. Our experience began with my friend almost crying at how good the $1 sesame pancakes were and ended with him thanking the entire kitchen and declaring that Prosperity Kitchen should exist on every corner of America.
G*ddamn this place is amazing!!! I think it's the combination of the fact that they're super tasty and freshly made. But the fact that you can get 5 gigantic two-full-bite pan-fried dumplings for the low, low price of just $1 is amazing to me! Yes, the potstickers are a bit on the greasy side, but they're also super juicy and flavorful. I also bought a bag of 50 frozen vegetarian dumplings for my friend for just $11. The pork and chive ones, the same that they make into potstickers, are just $9/bag! I wish I lived in NYC, I'd be here every time I visited Chinatown. And their hours are amazing too, 7:30am - 10pm. I visited for lunch and came back for breakfast a few days later! I'll definitely be back to visit Prosperity Dumpling the next time I visit NYC.
I'd snort these dumplings if I could. The place is dingy and teeny (there are maybe 6 stools?) but this is not fine dining--you're in the backstreets of Chinatown. The dumplings are dirt, dirt, dirt cheap--but oh so, so, so delicious. I  always, always, always buy two bags of 50 to go.
5 dumplings for a dollar. They taste good and *sigh* what else can I say. Next time I will try their sesame pancake for $1.50 which I've heard great things about. One issue is the seating, there are literally 5 stools. But there are two parks nearby so get your dumplings and go! Or you might be tempted to buy more.
I have the perfect sentence to sum up Prosperity Dumpling: "Very cheap food that will fill you up really good." Dumplings are good.  Aside from eating several orders of pork/chive dumplings, I also got some veggie pancake which I didn't care much for.  Where is the meat?  I should have ordered the one with meat inside.  Darn...I was too full to stuff anything else down my throat (hold back your jokes). I will be back....
This tasty and cheap dumpling place is tiny, perfect for take out. Tastier than neighborhood competitor Tasty Dumpling, Prosperity Dumplings are boiled or pan fried, not too oily, and most importantly have thin peels--a must in my book!
awesome dumplings! we got the pork & chive dumplings #6 (plus took the frozen bag of 50 home for $9) and we loved 'em. the pancake with duck was delish. i liked it more than the pancake with roast beef. great food for super cheap. just wish i worked and/or lived closer! yum!
Since I was in the neighborhood I thought I'd give this place a shot and compare it to Vanessa's. I had the fried pork dumplings, boiled shrimp dumplings and boiled chicken dumplings. Prices are about the same as Vanessa's. The place is almost about 1/4th of the size of Vanessa's. Definitely a hole in a wall type of place. There wasn't much seating so I got take out. The boiled dumplings were eh, Vanessa's definitely wins over that. The chicken ones tasted better than the shrimp ones. Stick to the fried ones, save your money and save your tummy space. The fried ones were very flavorful, I wouldn't say they're the best ones I've had but close to 2nd best. Vanessa's has my heart, hands down. The dumpling wrappers are more crisp and they have a wider fried dumpling selection.
A real hole in the wall. Their prices are so cheap, you can't really find that anywhere else in NYC. Their dumplings are pretty good. Everything looks/taste homemade
The fixings get a A- . The tiny river raft dining area F+ that's the only thing I would put a amend on. Side note you don't need to dip your hand in a bucket of water so you can count the bills.
Dumplings: bomb. Fried and steamed dumplings. There is something about the way one is able to perfect something so simple and make it even better than what it usually is. Frying the dumplings and then steaming it for a couple of seconds with chicken broth instead of the usual water? Genius and super tasty. I definitely enjoyed the fried dumplings with pork but I found myself pretty into the steamed darlings as well (they tasted healthier, lol). Sesame pancake was good, but I wouldn't order it on a daily basis. Hot and sour soup was okay. It was great at first because I was freezing my butt off and really needed something warm but after a few sips, I realized that my even hot and sour soup renditions were better tasting... it definitely needed a little more kick, salt, or something. Only downside to this place: REALLY (I mean R-E-A-L-L-Y) compact that it makes you feel very uncomfortable because the stranger next to you just brushed your butt trying to get her order in... yeah, it's a grab-and-go kinda place but I think it could do a little expanding, haha. 4-4.5 stars from me, Prosperity! Gooood jawb. **Cash only
Great hole in the wall. We came here on a weekday around 3pm. The school from across was just dismissed at the time so a flock of Chinese children came rushing through the door to snack on their daily dumplings. The atmosphere inside is very cramped and dirty. There is still soy sauce on the tables and the floor is sticky icky but who cares. 5 AMAZING dumplings for $1 can not be beaten. We tried the fried ones and they were perfect. The skin is not too thick and the inside is more pork then vegetables. I love to mix 2/3 soy sauce and 1/3 vinegar for the perfect combination. You know the dumplings are made fresh because you can see 5-6 women in the back wrapping dumplings and having a good time. I was tempted to buy the 50 frozen ones for $10 but resisted because I had a long day before heading home. Oh we also tried the sesame pancake because of all the talk about it on Yelp, in my opinion it was nothing special. Just a piece of thick bread with a lot of sesame on it. Bottom Line: The best dumplings I ever had. I definitely want to try the boiled ones next time and will buy some frozen ones to share with the family!
Awesome pork dumplings at 5 for a buck. If  all you want are cheap awesome pork  dumplings then there is no need to head over to the other  well known dumpling house nearby with the much longer wait. This place is tiny and only about 4-5 people fit in there at once though i rarely have to wait long. Don't expect to eat in comfortably but do expect to take out awesome dumplings for less than your train fare.
i took my girlfriend recently: we feasted ravenously, then decided to buy and take home the good ol' bag o' fifty pork dumplings for eight bucks. and you know what? they're good. they're REALLY GOOD. 1) boil them for around eight minutes (trichinosis is so passe) 2) drain 3) toss into a screaming hot pan with safflower oil 4) brown 5) garnish with ramekins each of sriracha, sambal and a mixture of two parts soy sauce to one part rice wine vinegar 6) go to town you'll never buy frozen dumplings anywhere else.
Small with extremely limited seating. Cheapest place I've eaten in NYC so far. Food was good. Best dumplings ever? No. But good and at food this cheap it's hard to complain. Went on a Sunday afternoon and ate there. Ordered two soups, two sesame pancakes, one order of boiled chive and pork and one order of cabbage and pork dumplings. Total bill: $8.50. It was cold out so everything was steaming (literally) hot. Definitely going back.
Alright, so I know I am going against the trend here, but sorry to say that I don't see the hype for Prosperity. Dumplings are an art form, and art, this is not - it's not the original painted canvas, but a color printed reproduction - and this is why the price is a cheap $1 for 4 dumplings. Let's take the pan fried dumpling as an example.  It should have a beautiful shape with pleated edges, a delicately thin but springy skin, with a crispy bottom and snugly fitting around the meat filling with just a hint of the oil and bursting with juicy flavor. Instead at Prosperity, you get a thick skinned lump that has a brief outside crunch but ultimately is too chewy.  The size of the dumpling is way too big for the meat inside, so you bite through and all you see is empty space around the filling.  And while the filling was satisfactorily juicy, you are definitely left with the after taste of a lot of grease. As far as dumplings go, this is okay.  But don't let this place confuse you into thinking that this is how dumplings should be.
So this place is tiny, dirty, dingy and unfriendly.....but it serves GREAT DUMPLINGS for EXTREMELY CHEAP. I'll take it! You can seriously leave here satisfied for less than 5 bucks. UM YEAH! I thought the dumplings were really good (tried the shrimp & veggie) although I'd have liked more flavor in my filling. Threw some sriracha on 'em and that solved the problem though. The dough was not too thick (unlike Vanessa's down the street) but just right. Wish they had late night hours because this is a fantastic, cheap meal.
Let's be real...you are in New York and there is a place that has 5 dumplings for A DOLLAR? You better get your ass over here ASAP. These dumplings are delicious - the pork and cabbage ones are my favorite, it's a shame that they don't have this pan fried. All the dumplings/wontons are handmade - best part? You can buy them frozen to bring home. Score! I really love their wonton soup, I hate to say this but they are on par with the ones that my mom makes at home. That is saying a lot. The food is delicious, cheap, and fast - get on it people!!
What could I possibly say about Prosperity Dumpling that 574 other people haven't mentioned already? Five stars. No question.
THE BEST 5 FOR $1 DUMPLINGS IN NYC - ENOUGH SAID! Big, juicy chunk of meat inside a dumpling skin that is chewy and crispy. Bc so many people come here, the dumplings are always hot! LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!
Delicious. Pork & Chive Fried Dumplings: $1 for 5 dumplings. Awesome, juicy and wonderful. These are particularly good with the soy sauce vinegar mix and sriracha sauce, which I just poured into the top of my styrofoam clamshell so I could run out of the tiny place and eat more comfortably on a stoop outside, as all things should be eaten in Chinatown it seems. Veggie & Pork Steamed dumplings: $2 for 10 dumplings Amazing, juicier and better than the fried ones actually. I also dosed these in sauce, straight into the container on top of them and then, shamefully, I ate the sauce and dripping leftovers with a spoon when they were all gone.
great food, even better price. we ordered hot and sour soup (not too hot our sour, kinda bland, but i can't say no to hot and sour soup, so i'd order it again),  5 fried dumplings, 10 boiled dumplings, plain sesame pancake, veggie sesame pancake, meat pancake, and 2 cans of coke (for 2 ppl) all of 8 BUCKS!! the food was good, but a bit greasy, but i ain't complaining for the price we paid. this place is TINY, so you eat and get out, it's not somewhere you go for a nice sunday brunch gathering with ur buddies, so to the jerks who were taking up 60% of the seating area chit chatting while the entire place was packed like sardines, i hate you.
Let's get the bad stuff on the table before I rave about this place: -There is little to no room inside -cleanliness is questionable Okay on to the good stuff: Prices are AMAZING! You can stuff yourself with less than $5. Dumplings are extremely fresh and tasty! Pork and Chive seems to be the most popular and with good reason. Behind the counter is this huge wok that has dumplings waiting to be devoured, so as soon as you pay they hand over the goodies. Definitely worth the trip to China town!!
This place is definitely not a secret, but it has the excitement of it, when you show up late at night on a dark street in Chinatown. I got the impression from the small line that a lot of international students from NYU come here for comfort food, and the great prices ( 4 dumplings for $1). It's fun to see the huge pans filled with steamy, moist dumplings, served up by the dozen. You should probably hit it up soon.
Excellent boiled dumplings.  The duck sesame pancake was too oily.  Great prices: only $2.50 for 8 boiled dumplings.  Service was gruff but that's okay.
Get dumplings, find a fire hydrant or a curb, sit, eat. The dumplings here are phenomenal to say the least. Its a hole in the wall kinda place that seats 8 max; plan to just leave with your food. I do just that. Sometimes I have big plans about eating my dumplings at some park. I never make it. I barely make it out of the door! So I really just end up eating while standing in front of the shop. Come here. Prepare to wait in line for a bit. And don't look at how they handle your food. It may not be good. But the dumplings are amazing!! Cheap tasty food.
If you're in Chinatown, not Chinese, have a dollar or two to your name, and you're hungry... This is where you'd go. And yes there are better dumplings out there. But there are not cheaper dumplings. This is for fried dumplings only. If you want steamed I'd recommend Super Taste down the street. $3/10 and much tastier.
ohymygodd. I think I found where I am going to have my last meal. I never though $4 could get me so far in New York city. The dumplings are so authentic and the sesame pancake (which they fry in front of you) took me back to China. I love the "hole-in-the-wallness" of this restaurant. It probably fits like 6 people if you jam them all in there but it's part of what makes this so unique. No fancy pretentious meal. Just cheap, simple, styrofoam-packed dumplings that will keep you wanting more. 4 was enough for me but I ordered eight pan fried ones. So perfectly crispy and greasy... ah....
one of the VERY BEST cheap eats in NY or Anywhere. But it's also super delicious, forgetting the unbeatable 5/$1 price. The huge cast iron grill creates the best crunch to the pan-fried dumplings.  Go for the boiled 10/$2 if you want a healthier eat. Scallion Pancakes, focaccia-to-die-for for $0.75  a piece.  Worth the subway ride & a walk to eat here! This is a real place that you go for food.  For hipster ambiance, go down to Vanessa's..
This little hole in the wall knows how to make a darn good dumpling! Very flavorful and super cheap. I wish I lived closer and I would stop by to snack on these delicious treats way more often!
i used to live in this neighborhood. and i'd always go here with the intention of eating dumplings to black out. so, my idiot friend, ron, and i often set out and order 3 orders of fried dumplings each. douse each one of them in an assload of sriracha, grab two beverages, find a stoop where we'd like to destroy our bowels, and eat eat eat till next thing we know we're waking up in the street dizzy and nauseous wondering what time it is.
this place is the fucking shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice place to go for a snack. small place, but friendly. I love their dumpling, the price is soooo cheap. You are not going to get anything with this price anywhere in NYC. Love it. Definitely going back to there again.
Dont know what the hype is all about . Dumplings where ok soup was not good. Come here if you have a low budget because prices are cheap.
4.5 stars??? because they're doing it right!! Yes, it's cheap but so are so many other dumpling joints. Just go down the block to Vanessa's and you don't get what you get here. The dumplings are plump, and the skin has the perfect chew. Sometimes it's not all about the dumplings, it's the little things that make it great. Like the hot and sour soup, sesame pancakes, and the vibe. Here your get that trio to perfection and not dumb down due to popularity like Vanessa's. Pork and Chive Dumplings - Huge, juicy, delicious pillows of heaven Sesame Pancake with Beef - The pickled vegetables are a perfect combo with the thinly sliced roast beef, add some soy vinegar and hot sauce and your set!! Hot and Sour Soup - Traditional, balanced, no frills
Pork dumplings!!
I'm cheating on Vanessa's with this place. It's an affair to remember... and lust after. Actually, it's getting pretty serious. I may leave her for Prosperity. Juicy, scrumptious, Prosperity. limited seating, so grab-to-go, a bag of frozen deliciousness (50 in a bag! say wwhhhaaaa!!!), or jockey for a seat. MMMMmmmmmm. I already know what's for lunch tomorrow.
the cheapest and best dumplings you will ever find in NYC.
i just can't understand how they can sell dumplings for sooooo cheap?!?! this place and vanessa's dumpling house, just north a couple blocks are the best deals you can find in chinatown!! i will have to say that this place has better flavor and you get 5 for a dollar instead of the four you get at vanessa's. however, there's hardly a spot to sit at prosperity while vanessa's has a couple more to accommodate the crowds. i also ordered a sesame pancake with beef, but didn't seem to find any beef in it, what's that about?! i think i got a regular pancake on mistake. it's cool though, i can't really complain because the flavors just made my buds as happy as can be and my stomach satisfied. my friends and i shared 10 fried and 10 boiled dumplings. with the prices so low, i thought we should order another 10, but we hardly finished this batch, haha. the fried dumplings have a great texture and the boiled are the best dumplings you'll ever find. i could no sooner chose between the two types than if i had to chose between keeping my right or left hand. they are just that delish!! beware when biting into a boiled one, the juices will be dripping down the side of your mouth, onto your clothes if not bitten with utmost care. all this and i just spent 3 bucks. where else are you gonna find good flavor for so cheap?! this is one hell of a bang for your buck!!! you really should stop by here when you're nearby, i'd consider it a sin if you didn't.
Came here knowing that it was bookmarked on my Yelp account, but not remembering the reviews about the place. I wasn't sure if we had enough cash as this was surely a cash only spot. Gladly $7.75 paid for lunch for two people including bottled waters (sadly, I've spent more on just bottled water in the city). Got the pork fried dumplings which were stellar. The boiled shrimp dumplings were just okay. It probably had more to do with my desire for fried dumplings than the boiled dumplings not tasting great. The sesame pork pancake was a greasy good treat. With all my extra cash I took a cab to Century 21 and bought myself a bunch of socks.
Value.  Basically Chinese prices here in America. What you see is what you get here, nothing fancy about these dumplings or the place.   They don't cheap out on the meat (I hope that is what it is) despite the couple of dollars they charge you.  Probably the same amount of satisfaction you will get with frozen dumplings from the store but these were freshly made and cooked... There are only 6 stools in the place and the space is pretty tight.  They had all the necessary condiments there...well, soy sauce and vinegar. Bottom line - If you have a craving for dumplings and don't want to burn a hole through your wallet, this is the place.
Saw a review on this place and decided to go check out! Of course there was a long line waiting in a tiny kitchen like this. Ordered Fried dumplings, wonton soup and beef pancakes(well they gave me pork instead.) Fried dumpling was the most popular item ordered, so it was ready in the container sitting there for a period of time until my other items were ready.  Dumplings became moist from the steam in locked in the container.  meat inside was a big portion, but a thumb's down for the dumpling skin, they were too thick, no bueno. Wonton soup though on the other hand was good with a little seaweed and dried shrimp skin in the broth, adds a lot of flavor. Pancake, hmm even though it was not what I ordered, but the pork was awesome! The pancake was GREAT! my favorite item and I am hooked. After a few bit of the pancake, your breath smells like roasted sesame seeds.  lol I'm def coming back, too bad I live in BK, a far trip for a pancake craving~~~ but worth it!
We're trying to find this dumpling place and I'm thinking "Oh, there it is," passing various restaurants half-crowded.  And then we arrive, this place is a hole in the wall but the line was at least 15 deep.  I mean look at the yelp reviews, you can't go wrong.  Also A sanitation rating?  Really?!  But I didn't see anything wrong. I've been here twice already and both times the service was quick.  Just order by number and how many and you'll be good to go.  Chives and Pork are the way to go. Fair warning, I prefer steamed over fried, both are good but if you end up with a new batch just coming out fried, it is drenched with oil so it might be a little greasy for you own good.  Make the trek out here, you won't be disappointed.
My kids and I were craving for dumplings today and I read many great reviews about this place. We ordered steam and fried dumplings. My kids went nuts over it. Its just because they were hungry. The skin was a little too thin for my taste. In the end we agreed we liked the fried dumpling better because it was more tastier than the steam ones. Do yourself a favor- go to Joe's Shanghai's for their soup dumplings! They are AWESOME!
Maybe not the best dumpling in the world, but their price, they should get 4, or 4.5 stars. 5 dumplings for $1, hard to beat that deal...! When I ordered the fried dumpling, unlike other reviews mentioned, it was really crispy outside and juicy inside (everytime I tried to bite into the dumpling, lots of juice came out...!) Now I'm even thinking about buying the big bag of them.
yum yum....still as good...and cheap!
Holy Crap is this place good.no seating but the line of native Chinese speakers out the door should tell you what you need to know. For $3 we had more food then we could eat it was all so tasty we somehow found room.
A effin mazing dumplings. 4 for a buck?! This place was great. A Yelp search led us there. We will surely be back.
The rating for this place is so, so well-deserved. Went to Golden Steamer last weekend (obviously) and then Randolph Beer. Both were glorious. After getting slightly (maybe more) inebriated at the bar, I told my friend we HAD to go to Prosperity Dumpling--Serious Eats was obsessed with them. I'm obsessed with Serious Eats. Naturally, it was a match made in heaven. We stumbled into the shoebox-sized space, which was packed with hipsters and, of course, moderately intoxicated individuals. I paid for two orders of the steamed chive and pork dumplings. It was $5. A few minutes later, I was handed a styrofoam box filled with doughy, meaty goodness. 10 dumplings for $5?! What a bargain! But wait, I was wrong. Ten dumplings are $2.50. Are you kidding me?! We each got an order. Quality? Pretty damn good. And at this price? Spectacular. $5 for 20 dumplings is simply absurd. I'm all over it. I'll totally be back, drunk or not. Prosperity Dumpling has won my stomach.
Best veggie dumplings in Chinatown!! Beats Vanessa's and Tasty Dumpling by a lot in my book!
Okay price for this joint really can't be beat. Cheap eats. If you plan a trip out here though, make sure you don't get mixed up with the school crowd. There is a Junior High school right across the street, so yes jostling for space here with students makes for a very noisy and dare I say rude space. This place is a hole in the wall, and there is really no space to eat here. I came here because I wanted to try their beef sandwich, and it is very very greasy. It was  though an interesting "healthy" Chinese sandwich, with carrots, beef, and parsley. So be prepare to bring wipes before you go to this location. So repeat.. do not go there if school has just let out, and probably crowd management might be a bit better.
If it wasn't for Yelp, I would've never discovered this place. We got there just in time because an extensive line formed behind us. At all dumpling places, I try steamed and fried - here they were equally perfect! We got some of the 10 steamed vegetable and pork dumplings for $2 and 5 fried chive and pork dumplings for $1. They didn't have the vegetable ones ready so I waited for freshly made ones. Well worth the wait! Ask for sauce and they'll give you small containers of dumpling sauce and hot sauce. I recommend the Sriracha that's on the table rather than the hot sauce they give you. When you walk into this small place, there are stools to sit at but when the line is out the door, people crowd the seating areas. It's best to take the dumplings to go. I went to Seward Park on Canal St just east of there to sit and eat. Not only will I recommend, when I do food tours for friends, this will be one of the stops!
The dumplings. The soup. The attitude. This place is an amazing hole in the wall and I honestly do not understand how they make any profit! For a mere three, dirty, wrinkled american dollar bills you can be stuffed to the brim. Always try and come here when I am in the LES, it is way out of the way but worth it.
Often in the past, in an effort to hit the so called spot, I would venture out to Flushing to find that perfect dumpling house.  This was not an option this time as Flushing is just too damn far and I thought I could get away with finding good Chinese food in Chinatown.  So I settled on Prosperity after some serious yelping.  And well it's kind of overrated.  I got the pork and chive steamed, ten for $2 or $3 dollars.  The place was half the size of a port-a-potty and you end up feeling like a steamed dumpling after trying to eat the food inside (good luck getting any from that shitty fan).  And you know you don't want to be eating dumplings out of a Styrofoam container with a shitty plastic fork in the dirty ass streets of Chinatown.  The dumplings themselves, the skin were extra thick and the stuffing was not so tasty either.  All the customers were either non Chinese or the kind who is Chinese by heritage but can't speak Chinese for a lick.  Shoulda fucking known.  Real Chinese fuckers don't YELP!  hahaha.  Except for THIS ONE!!!  You lucky fucks get to read some authentic reviews from me.  And the conclusion?  Guess I'll be riding the 7 for an hour each way next time after all.
This place is the ultimate hole in the wall joint.  Better find parking a block away and start walking because you might drive pass the place.  The wait here is ridiculous....that's probably because there's only one guy cooking, ringing up orders and packing the to-go's.    There's like one or two ladies in the background making the dumplings or doing god knows what, while the poor man slaves away.  Its dirt cheap, and the quality of the dumpling reminds the consumer of homemade dumplings.  Just keep in mind people, hole in the wall.....so don't expect too much.  At least the guy knows a little English, I heard him telling this little teen girl that she was ugly, and found out later that was his daughter, who retaliated with EFF you dad.
Best soup dumpling and fried dumpings I have ever eaten.  The serving size is ridiculously big and really cheap.  Total cost during my visit was $12. Would highly recommend this place.   Its pretty small inside so you'll have to eat on the street unless you're lucky enough to score a bench seat inside.
A definite must for a cheap and delicious meal. FOOD: *Pork & Chive Fried Dumplings ($1, 4 pieces) - So good!  I'm drooling at the thought of these must order dumplings.  The pork and chive filling was generous and full of flavor.  These dumplings are also available boiled which doesn't have the fried, oily feel. *Chive & Pork Soup Boiled Dumplings - The same pork and chive dumplings but in soup with chopped up bok choy.  Great for those cold days. *Hot & Sour Soup - Delicious and full of shitake mushrooms, bamboo slices, and chicken slivers.  Available in small or large sizes.  The small size was perfect for me. WHAT TO KNOW: *Cash only *Vegetarian options also available *Small place with bar seating for maybe 8 people, so expect to take out *Expect to wait in line and another wait to wait for your food as the dumplings are freshly cooked *Frozen dumplings available for purchase
I would love to say that Prosperity Dumplings were the bestest dumplings I have ever had. However they were fine just not woo hoo. We got a dozen of their boiled vegetable dumplings, actually The L. had to go in and get them while I waited in the get away car, and he also surprised me with a bag of frozen ones we could steam up at home. I will just base this review on the ones they cooked. We did not eat them in the moment since it is not a sit down place, hence the very low prices, and I did not want my ride to smell all dumpling stinky but we did have them when we got home. They were a bit doughy heavy and the insides were nothing out of the ordinary. Maybe it is best to have them fried and eaten on site standing in the street as that would give them a bit more flavor and context. But for our first experience it was a little bit of a let down after seeing how many great reviews Prosperity had, granted not for strictly veggie and probably their strength is in their animal based offerings, and that they were a destination for us. I would give them another chance when we are next in Chinatown. They have some other options which look promising too. We also tried the veggie friendly sesame pancake, as per Lisa Jane's recommendation, which we know would be better in the moment but it was pretty good even after an hour or so. 3.5 stars. (The dumplings we brought home to cook ended up being a sticky mass of dumplings as they defrosted and then refroze and defrosted again.... Not PD's fault). youtube.com/watch?v=kS9u…
They are a dollar for four. They are delicious. Like really delicious. Like your mouth is watering while you're waiting in this cramped, tiny counter area that's literally half the size of my apartment (that's really small btw). So here's some do's and don'ts.This guy's not the Dumpling Dictator, but maybe he should be. Since he's pretty laidback, let me help out the uninitiated... Do pay attention when it's your turn to order. There's no waiter. There's no bell. There's a sweaty man behind a tiny counter. Do accept the fact that a little old Chinese lady is going to push you aside, scream something in Chinese, and get her order of dumplings before you, even though you've been waiting for the past ten minutes. That's life. You're in Chinatown. If that lady looks 70 she's probably 104. Let her be. Do give the man behind the counter your dollar per four whenever he asks for it (before, during, or after your order, it's his show). Do take your dumplings once you get them and move to the side. He'll even put them in a bag for you. Don't ask for a receipt. Don't attempt to pay him in nickles. Don't ask him to split your order of 40 dumplings into 10 different boxes. Don't try and customize your dumpling order. Don't ask if you can mix and match. Don't ask a million questions about the menu (I've heard the sesame pancakes are good, but I don't know if they even really know how to make the other stuff on the menu. Remember where you are). Just give him your dollar, wait for your dumplings, grab some sriacha, and skedaddle. Because these are some really delicious dumplings, and there's a whole crowd of hungry people behind you just dying to get their hands on some. So don't complicate things any more than they need to be.
Pros: -Best dumplings I know of in Chinatown b/c they're not fried too much, the okay amount of filling, and the thin skin used; other places usually don't have all three. -Cheap (holding the 5/$1 line) -Fast Cons: -Tiny, often crowded, hot as hell in the summer -Like Amy P. mentioned, they're not very conscientious about cleanliness.  Given that it's summer now and stuff spoils faster, that might've led to this: Ate there today, it left my stomach in a weakened (but stable) position until I hurled from choking and coughing on some water a few hours later. So be careful of that. Still 4 stars because I'm a cheap bastard, though I'll probably be less cheap until winter.
I finally was in the neighborhood and able to try Prosperity Dumpling, which I have been hearing about ever since moving to the city several years ago.  I've heard this is the place to get delicious dumplings for a great price and it sure is! Some of the best dumplings that I have ever had!  And you can't beat the prices.  I also love that you can purchase frozen dumplings to take home.  Something like 50 dumplings for $8!  Crazy! Love this place. Where else in the city can you eat a filling, delicious dinner for under $5?
This place is okay. I ordered shrimp dumplings and the it was okay. Definitely cheap and fresh but not necessarily the best tasting dumplings like everyone said. As a Chinese, I had way better tasting dumplings in a lot of places.
First of all, not expecting how tiny this place is. It's more of a food stand with two bench seating. This place is grest for take out! Everything is so cheap! Wonton soup is actually really good, and it's a dollar! Actually when I went here, I was so excited about the price that i ordered a whole bunch of food!
Just ordered 20 dumplings. It cost 5 bucks. I ate all of them!! Can't help but stop by this place whenever I'm close to Chinatown.
Great dumplings for sooooo damn cheap. $1 for 4! WHAT?!? That's right! You will need to give a self five after this one to reward your parsimony!   The sesame pancake and hot and sour soup were decent as well but next time I'll just do 2 orders of dumplings! -1 star for cleanliness. I mean, I don't expect much in Chinatown but as the girl from clueless who happened to be there pointed out (I swear it was her) it literally smells like feces. Better to take these to go.
It ain't gourmet, but it ain't bad either-- and for the price you'd be a fool not to try for yourself. This tiny storefront dumpling shop is an essential staple of any drunken stumble home, or of your "friend visiting town" itinerary. The dumplings are probably terrible for you, but you'll eat 16 of them if you're not careful. And the other food is good in that "oh my god I've just instagained 15 pounds" kind of way. Totally worth it at least once, but once is all they'll need to make you a regular whether that's a good decision or not.
.75 = sesame pancake $1 = 5 pot stickers $2 = 10 boiled dumplings $8 = 50 frozen dumplings (COME ON!!) so bring $8 and you can get a great meal for 2. hahah this isn't just some cheap place with blah food.  the food is very much fresh and homemade (even better than my mom's but do not tell her).  food prices equivalent to asia!!! awesome!   beware at 3pm school lets out across the street and small children will run you over to get their dumplings.
The restaurant is very tiny (only 4 seats) and unclean (but the place they make food is ok),but it's definitely a excellent place to take out dumpling. The pancake and dumpling are both very authentic, and the price is extremely low. You can just order 20 dumplings with less than $5 and cannot finish them.
Fresh, homemade dumplings--way better than any other. they have other things on the menu, but other places do those things better, go to Prosperity for the dumplings, then head down the street to Vanessas' for the sesame pancakes stuffed with pork. Prosperity is the best for dumplings.
Greasy? Yup. Fried? It's the only way to eat them. Delicious? You bet! There was a time when I was but a poor college student, I ate this for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
There's nothing like a place that does one thing (dumplings) and does it to perfection. This is one my favorite "hole in the wall" places for food.
So after reading lots of reviews on Yelp, hubby and I drove to Chinatown and tried out their dumplings and other goodies.  This place was buzzing in the mid afternoon, we quickly ordered some pan fried dumplings and some beef pancake to the Fujianese guy behind the counter.  IMO the dumplings were pretty good, but a little cold, I guess the business is good so they are constantly making the dumplings and put it on the side, so I got a luke warm fried dumpling, but none the less, the flavor was there and it's such a convenient and cheap food, you down a few dumplings and you are ready to go to take on the NYC night life. I do have to say that I didn't enjoy the pancake at all, it was very dry and not a lot of flavor, I will be sticking to the pancakes from a Taiwanese or a Shanghainese restaurant, they are very fresh and fluffy and full of flavors!!
Gem of the city! Nothing fancy- emphasis on food. Made to order. Tremendous value. Great flavor. I want to go back, today.
Great dumplings. Fresh and tasty. Cheap too Love it
Five dumplings for $1. Correction.. Five freshly made, piping hot  and delicious dumplings for $1.00. Better than McD's on a good day.
Not only was this really good dumplings and eating but it was so cheap too. Being from SF and Chinese this was a nice surprise in New York Chinatown.  I got 20 dumplings and I barely finished even while sharing with my girlfriend. Due to the price my friends who were with me made fun of the expected quality of the dumplings but they were soo good in spite of the price. My friends and I were only in town for like 10 days but we all agreed that this was the best place we dined our whole trip. Sadly it was one of the last places we ate at. Other than only eating at this place once it was great.  Also be aware that there is very little room to eat so plan for that in case you decide to go on one of the coldest days of the year as I and my friends did.
It's a little hole-in-the-wall and there's barely room (about 4 stools) to sit and eat....but it's ABSOLUTELY AWESOME! 10 pan-fried dumplings for 2 dollars! YES!!!!!! Amazing! And you have to try the sesame pancake (it's kind of thick, but well worth it! Seasoned well and filling...and for a buck!) Tip: Line gets really long and there's no space to eat (or even maneuver), so be prepared to get takeout. OR, do what I did, stand up eating over the counter and order frozen dumplings to go (about 50 for 8 bucks). It's delish and fresh!
This is my favorite dumpling place! Hands down! For all the Vanessa lovers out there, the difference between these two dumpling place are Prosperity has more meat in their dumplings and Vanessa has more vegetables. So depending on what you like more of, that would factor your decision. For me, it's meat :) and yes I did a test run between these two dumpling houses. Sometimes I question what meat was used, 5 dumplings for $1??!! But I learned to stop asking questions a long time ago, especially when it relates to food.
This is a DELICIOUS A-OK dumpling place located in Chinatown. Very very very small seating area, so your best bet is to take it to go and eat elsewhere. Literally there are less than 10 seats that are lined up against the wall when you walk-in and even if you do get seating, you might just find yourself sitting right by a trash can!! So, you need to get in and then get out quickly because this small little place gets PACKED!!! I LOVED the Fried Pork and Chive Dumplings that were crisp and crunchy!!! They were super SUPER cheap too, only $1 for like 5 pieces. Will definitely stop on by if I'm ever in the area again. Great find. Thank you Yelper's!!! :D
I came here on a recommendation and I was greatly pleased. I usually light up when there is a Chinatown in any city and I make it a point to check it out. It had been a long day and my brother and I were very hungry. I walked into the tiny shop and I just started ordering everything that sounded good. I stood to the side and just watched in amazement at the kitchen, which was bustling. I saw two women out the back door chopping away and eight people in the small kitchen scurrying around to get the orders prepared, cooked and out the door. It was pretty amazing to see the quick turn around. I ended up leaving with a giant bag full of food, too much food. We were able to snag a couple seats outside and we dug in. We had an order of fried pork and chive dumplings (4 for $1), chive and pork soup boiled dumplings (8 for $3.25), shrimp boiled dumplings (10 for $3.50) and a vegetable sesame pancake (1 for $1.50). We had a feast for under $10. Everything was freshly prepared and delicious. I fell in love.
best ever
Well, if I am going back for its dumplings, it's only because I'm having an empty pocket or going by. The dumpling is OK compared to its price, but definitely not worth going all the way to Chinatown and waiting in line. It may cater to native American people though.
Walked in to the smallest most crowded room on earth and heard people just yelling 2 dollar dumpling! These things were amazing!!
I can't say that I've explored all of New York City, but I think it's safe to say that this is one of the cheapest eateries in town.  How cheap is cheap?  We're talking about China-prices for their dumplings and the quality is pretty good.   The first thing you'll notice about Prosperity Dumpling is the line-up and the second thing you'll notice once you make your way inside is that it's very tiny.  It's not a very comfortable place for dining in as there are only three stools and a narrow counter, but what do you expect?   If you're on a tight budget and you want something decent, then this is definitely the place to go.
By American standards this place is the definition of "a hole in the wall". However, in China this would be just another smallish place for a quick and cheap bite to eat on the go. Last time I was there the daily specials were pasted on the side of the cashier window. Though I remembered it being only in Chinese. I opted for one of the specials: shen jian man tou (pan fried buns with meat filling). A popular snack which Shanghai is famous for. Being from that city I was hopeful and fearful at the same time. It took less than 10 min for them to cook up a batch. I've never heard of shen jian that could be cooked up in such a short period of time...my dread grew. Luckily when I finally tasted the buns they were not too bad (accompanied by vinegar of course). Definitely passable, though the bottom is not as crispy as the ones in Shanghai (but how crispy can they get in under 10 min :P). My conclusion: I haven't even seen shen jian man tous any where else in NY, and for the price it's good enough as a reminder and taste of SH.
People must  be joking about this place. Yes, i get that it is cheap.  But one can spend $1 or $2 more per item to get much better quality food.  If the high rating is due to the low price, then the subway sandwich chain probably deserves a 4 or 5 star rating. 1) dumplings--good but same as other joints except skin is a tad thinner, which is better for boiled and not as good for pan fried.  News flash folks-- real chinese boiled and fried dumplings (potstickers) are made differently and not universal like all the joints in manhattan 2) zha jiang mian--took two bites and threw it out. The second bite was just to verify the first bite was actual food.  Noodles were bad and sauce was disgusting filled w/ chuncks of pork rather than ground pork. 3) fried pancake sandwich-- soggy dough (b/c it was cold) with virtually no filling.  I got the pork one and it has a few small slices full of fat.  The shredded carrots were not the pickled version.
Not much to say... it doesn't get cheaper or better than this.  5 dumplings for a buck.  Walk in, order your dumplings and get out.
Cheap and delicious dumplings. Cash only. There's usually a line but they churn food out quickly.
The best dumplings I've ever had, especially at 4 for $1.00 for the classic pork and chive. There's never a wait because they crank them out by the hundreds, constantly. You might have to wait a little for some of the other menu items, but they're well worth the wait. I'm not sure how they've got such a good health score, just based on the relative lack of cleanliness and lackadaisical attitude they seemed to have towards gloves and handwashing/cross contamination. That said...4 for $1.00! Over 1700 reviews and the 4.5 star average means they must be doing something right, and no one is getting sick, so I guess I'm not too worried. In short, if you enjoy dumplings and find yourself in Chinatown, you owe it to yourself to go give them a try. I recommend going when there's inclement weather because then you'll probably not have to wait in line quite as long.
No matter what I say you're still going to come here, but here goes anyway: - teeny tiny space (not meant for dining-in) - dirty - cheap The same guy who handles the food also handles the money. And no, he doesn't use gloves. The women were sloppily cleaning the floors while food was cooking directly above/ around. No extra charge for the side of bleach in your dumplings, though. A large tin containing the insides of the dumplings was overflowing, uncovered, and thisclose from touching the utility closet/ door. Clean! Their veg steamed dumplings are significantly smaller than Vanessa's. Watching all of this happen left a foul taste in my mouth. It would be a completely different story if I hadn't picked up the dumplings myself and witnessed all of this. Bottom line- fork over a few more bucks and head down to Vanessa's.
Thanks, Yelp, for making this ridiculously cheap and ridiculously delicious Chinatown hole-in-the-wall known to us non-Chinese hipsters and hipster-disdainers. I have to say we're probably a cause of some dismay to the gaunt workaholic man who takes our order of Sesame Pancake with Chinese Vegetables and rolls his eyes, because that means he has to walk 3 feet behind him to reach for a slice. "Why can't they just order the plain Sesame," he thinks, which he has handy right under his reach whenever one is ordered, which is every 2 seconds. Still, he returns to bring us our warm Sesame slice with a spring in his step. He and the ladies behind him clearly live to produce fresh dumplings for as many customers as possible. As they should. They should feed the whole world. Go. Make a meal of a Sesame Pancake and the 5 Dumplings in Soup for $3. Sit in the corner as waves of Chinese schoolchildren crowd you as they bark orders. You'll be back before the week is over.
5 dumplings for $1. 5 dumplings for $1. Amazing. When I popped in, I thought, well these will probably suck, I mean dumplings for .20 a pop... And they didn't suck, not even close to suck. They were awesome. I got the pork and chive dumpling and my noodle was jam packed with goodness. Small eating spot, so make sure you are prepared to take out. If you love them that much you can get 50 for $9 frozen.
Prosperity Dumpling, you are the definition of a fantastic hole-in-the wall that is completely worth cramming into. The place fits maybe 10 standing people and has a few stool seats if you're lucky, so be prepared to eat your food elsewhere. Cheap, delicious dumplings. Menu is straight to the point. And $8 for 50 frozen dumplings?! I got to take home the deliciousness!
Absolutely love this place! Cheap, fresh, tasty dumplings that can be the perfect snack or a full blown meal (carbs, meat, veg in one). Love the sesame pancake sandwiches as well but can be a bit on the greasy side at times. I seriously crave this place at least 3-4 times a week but too far of a hike for me to satisfy this craving. Boo.
I'm going to give out one of my rare 5 stars for this place because they are truly badasses - they don't give a shat about their appearance because they just want you to have some delicious, quick dumplings! It's a tiny hole in the wall that is easily overlooked. They could really clean up the place a bit (add some curtains, new signs, paint job, etc) and promote the place as a nice dumpling stand that can still be baddass enough to charge dirt cheap prices... but one taste of their dumplings and you won't care what the place looks like. Prosperity fits about four people at a time and there are 3-4 chairs against the wall for a quick sit down by yourself. It's an in and out place -- you come here for dumplings and then you leave. The food is ready before you even reach into your wallet to pull out your stripper dollah bills. You bring 3 dollars and you are full. It's $1 for 5 dumplings (pork and chives, the best kind); the rest of the menu is about the same - $0.75 pancakes and so forth. I come here especially for their dumplings and usually get 10 or 15 to go. It comes with napkins and a fork so you just need soy sauce (you have to ask for it and it's on the counter). The dumplings are not tiny - they are fat and juicy and my god, I'm salivating as I type this... so goodbye.
